Who’s this Servant?
Edenia Series
Copyright Beth Hoyer
Published at Smashwords 2017

Prologue
Recorder asked this question “Who’s this Servant that the Zesky Asylum have on hand?”
Recorder didn’t know the answer but figured out a way to get the servant to speak their identity by speaking a tale put into mind by the Meritanians. 
Souler Council wound up saying “Do that idea!”
Order wound up obeyed.

The storyteller from planet Terrania as transported by Terrania’s Meritanians told the story to the Recorder of memories. Recorder of memories as recalled going around as a Drainer, of many odd names when he’s really known as Jimo. The storyteller told this story, while reborn from his status, as disappeared, also known as dead, to be born again living again in planet Aire. This is the story as told to Recorder Tamyara Palina also known as Veronica Thomas Incorporation’s servant. The story is of a servant from containment and freed to speak his tales to whoever is listening. The story as recorded by Jimo Drainer recorder of memories and typed by Recorder Tamyara Palina, listening to the storyteller:

Jimo started the storytelling conversation by saying “What do you know of the species Mesan’s Curse?”
The Storyteller’s answer in response to the question as put there by the Souler Council “The Mesan’s Curse is called Zeskaya nowadays and quit that Rakcaran name for walking dead talk, Jimo!”
Jimo wound up saying in response “Just tell more of how the Zeskaya got their name instead of being referred as Mesan’s Curse.”
Storyteller obeyed to speak the tale of origin of the Zeskaya’s name:

Leader who with people, trapped in a cave is contacted by Merra “I’m called Merra, a Meritanian mind walking plant that lives in the ocean nearby. You, people, I’m telling about the planetary world you’re trapped in are called Terrania. Leader, just kindly listens to me telling you and your people to be patient that you’ll be free.” 
Leader gets impatient while Zeskaya argue “What name to call our species?! The stinking High Council dubbed us Mesan’s Curse, a name we’re refusing to call ourselves now! You think we should call ourselves Merrans?! No not that damn name involving the blind man! Ugh!”
Leader interrupts “I order you all to attack the walls with your swords!” 
Zeskaya obey as he sees some fighting each other with their swords and fists not really hurting each other. Cave rumbles, jerking Zeskayas to fall to the ground as part of the cave wall cracks open, forming a hole from an object that burst through then withdraws as water spills into the cave. 
Leader first to get up orders “People to stand fast while I investigate!”
He goes to the hole peering through it in the water to see the massive cruise ship, sink, hitting the ocean floor with dirt spraying up. 
Leader speaks loudly “I’m asking Merra, the name of the ship that freed us from our trapped status?” 
Merra heard by all says “Zeskaya!” which Leader says “The argument and fighting on what name to call our species, ends by declaring our name, Zeskaya.” 
Leader hears Merra talking to the Zeskaya and himself “I’m insisting you, Zeskaya to go in the ship and enter the Zeskaya. There are doorways in the ship that the Zeskaya can use, to leave to places.” 
Leader hears Merra tells them “The Zeskaya is controlled by a mind organ named Anya, not me as a plant, but actually a piece of a humanoid, into the ship controlling it.” Merra adds “Anya told me that there’s a way of accessing the information to the ship by creating a Zeskaya, using a piece of a dead Human named, Andrew Kossman.” 
Leader spoke loudly “I orders people to follow Merra’s instructions!” 
Merra tell them “I’m telling you to gain the information of the Zeskaya, is to get a large sample of Kossman’s hair than the blood of a Zeskaya sprinkled onto it, into the proper machinery will create a living talking record of the Zeskaya.” 
Leader swims out followed by Zeskaya enters the ship, guided by Merra, walks a mazes of hallways and stairwells reaches the tube room entering it, to open the tube showing the Human, Andrew Kossman lying inside. Leader watches as his companions open a tube, take out an axe weapon and bring it down on the tube Kossman is in, forming a hole. Leader flicks out sword and grabs a handful of Kossman’s hair cutting it off. Leader again guided by Merra goes to the vertical tube room to a tube lying on its side. He hands hair to companion and flicks out sword to grip with his bare hand causing him to bleed which he uses blood to sprinkle the hair with which is put in the tube. Then the tube goes vertical filling with dark liquid that becomes dark as night. Leader gets bored looks explores the vertical tube room sees tube with an organ with wires attached to it in it. 
He hears Merra say as if anticipating his question “What’s that?” “The organ is Anya.” 
Leader takes off his mask to stare at Anya then puts mask on his waist via belt.
Companion alerts Leader “There is something seen in the tube!” 
Leader walks to and sees the tube water clear up showing an adult Zeskaya with sword held in his left hand eyes closed. Zeskayas mostly are known to have swords’ hands of their right hand than left despite Kossman’s left hand seen unusual. Tube becomes horizontal and an opening forms at the bottom as Kossman as the Zeskaya is dubbed is thrust out. 
Kossman awakes to face the Zeskaya says “My name is Kossman. I must mentions that the Sun Lord has fathered a son. I see Leader’s face exactly like Alexei the Sun Lord himself.” 
Leader is snarling angrily “I’m disbelieving this joke!” which Kossman keeps “I’m insisting this is no joke but fact!” but Leader says “There’s no way that my brother would mate with a stinking Human!” 
Zeskaya bring Kossman to cafeteria room to eat food and a Zeskaya brings folder of Eric placing it in front of him. 
Kossman takes out picture and says “It’s the son I has in my mind.” 
Leader sees picture and exclaims “It’s the Dictator!” 
Kossman groans as he recalls there being a Sun Lord nicknamed Dictator who ruled with Rakcar like a dictator which the Zeskaya overthrown. 
Kossman recalls Dictator’s face was seen and he saying “I’ll return!” before being executed. 
Leader gets angry “I demands information about Eric referring him as Dictator!”
Kossman recalls in his mind about a video file which Alexei took with his own hand he saw that Alexei refers Eric as his son. Kossman takes Leader to Alexei’s office shows the video which shows Alexei’s face that refers Eric as his son. 
Kossman spoke “I asks question about how a Zeskaya could live among Humans undetected-“
Leader interrupts “As a Human!” 
Kossman leaves Leader alone to visit Eric with help of Merra to his location. He sees Rakcar and Drainer talking to Eric wearing Sun Lord clothes which he waits till Rakcar leaves then reveals himself to Drainer who is shocked. He gets Eric to reveal his face as Drainer is shocked then gets Drainer to leave and then talks to Eric about his kind along with showing him scene with hands touching him. I’m not entirely sure of what the scene Eric saw via Kossman’s mind but I suspect it’s involved a memory of Kossman himself being cloned as he’s really should be called than a copy or living record. I’m not sure of what happened to the Zeskaya ship and its cloning abilities despite seeing glimpses of the inhabitants mostly Zeskayas cloning various humanoids in Terrania’s historical documentary. 

Anyway Kossman visits Alexei on Shadan who gives him a book which he drops off in Sun Lord’s quarters in Jiang’s presence then returns to the ship to an angry Leader snarled “I’m annoyed about Kossman leaving when he’s supposed to stay here!” 
Kossman mentions “Eric is ruler of this world called Terrania using title Sun Lord.” which Leader is snarling “I’m not believing that joke!” till they hear Merra sounding angry say “Kossman is telling the truth!” 
A Zeskaya arrive talking “The Sun Lord has been found on Shadan in a Human form. He has fathered a son who is not aware of his species heritage and wants to meet his son.” 
“Kossman I ordered you.” by Leader “to escort me to Eric!” 
They arrive in Eric’s quarters with Leader talking to them “Your father wants to meet you.”
Eric’s mate Niya spoke “Eric, just to go with them and meet your father before anything serious happens.” which they transport Eric to Shadan. 
Kossman keeps his mouth shut as he sees Alexei and hears no reaction from Leader seeing his brother. Eric he sees takes off mask walking towards Alexei who puts hand on his shoulder while putting hand on Eric’s forehead who jerks his head up. 
Kossman listens as Alexei says the Zeskaya chant words “Ay Kabaiya!” translates into “Death cannot touch us!” 
“We will live forever, live forever!” is included with the chant words but not said by Alexei.
Alexei then removes his hand from Eric’s forehead to his shoulder. 
Kossman and Leader at Alexei’s order “Returns Eric to his world.” while going back to the cruise ship. 
Kossman hears Leader speak sounding angry “The High Council have insulted the Zeskaya by turning one of us into a Human and will die for this!”
Zeskaya travel to their familiar meeting room really Mars underground or planet Rakcar whatever name its called now and have resumed their meetings despite recorders filming them via above. Leader in the Zeskaya meeting room is pacing with the Seer some gender bender Human that can see images of the future via mind. Seer is watching him along with Zeskaya there. 
Seer tells Leader “Leader to get some sleep if he’s bored for it’ll help with the boredom and help him keep his strength.” 
Leader in a cranky tone tells Seer “Go to the depths!” which one of the Zeskaya tell Leader “You’re sounding like your nearing the end of your tank and needs fuel to replenish it.” 
Leader in a cranky tone repeats the comment “Go to the depths!” which Seer tells Leader “Your to sit and sleep!” in a compelling voice tone sounding twin to a Builder.
Leader finds himself going to a chair sitting next to the Seer and leaning back closing his eyes. He passes out only opens his eyes to see a female Rakcar’s face inches away from his covered face with a finger poking his arm. He keeps himself still as the female Rakcar looks towards the gated doors that are opening and darts around the chair. He sees a Zeskaya come out who pause from walking to wave a throwing ball gesture before turning around to walk into the gate. The female Rakcar he sees darts behind entering the gate which after doors are closed Zeskayas appear.
Leader explodes blowing his temper yelling in a cranky tone “The Rakcar has breached our meeting spot! That female will blab it to the Rakcar via them tracking her!” 
He quits yelling to hear Seer speak “Your words aren’t true about the female Rakcar for she won’t be able to remember the spot. She was reeking of King Winter who has been trying to find the Zeskaya’s meeting room and establishes contact with us. Hence he sending the female Rakcar thru the gate with a mental chain attached to her in his attempts to find the room and us.” 
Leader grumbles loudly “Go to the depths to the Rakcar and their King Winter champion!”
Seer using compelling voice tone puts him to sleep “Leader, go to sleep!” which he falls asleep passing out. 

Leader wakes up by Kossman who tells him “A Zeskaya transported the Sun Lord out of his quarters off Terrania according to Merra. I don’t know where.” 
Leader is grumbling about that which Seer speaks in a loud voice “Zeskayas still being angry at Dictator for what he did to them when he ruled…” which Seer trails off. 
Leader is about to speak when the gated doors open and he fades out of sight as Zeskaya does the same. A Zeskaya walks in which Zeskaya appear. 
The new Zeskaya says “I saw Dictator alive wearing some breathing tube in his nose eating food in a Rakcar eating room with Anubis, a Rakcar who I’m not sure of the name and Seventy.” 
Leader gets up from chair to speak in an angry tone “The new Zeskaya as saw was not Dictator but my brother’s son, my nephew Eric the Sun Lord from Terrania who looks alike Dictator.” 
Leader gets mad angrily yells “I scolds the Zeskaya that they should get over being mad at Dictator and stop taking it out on my nephew who looks like him!” 
He hears Seer speak in a compelling voice tone “I’m ordering Leader to go to sleep!” which Leader finds himself feeling sleepy goes to the chair next to Seer and falls asleep passing out. 

Leader dreams of lighthouse and meets the Humanian who spoke “Jon called Jon a Humanian in control of a major part battery type control of the Rakcar’s systems involving planetary function. Jon must tell you the Rakcar making a cloned copy of Eric. Files claimed that the Rakcar has accidentally sent the copy through the gate and kept the original trapped in a tomb which Jon discovered this.” 
Leader is annoyed hearing that as the Humanian adds “Jon found out by checking their files on Eric from their scanner tests. Jon managed to disable the ship that picked up Eric and killed off the Rakcar inside the ship and freed the batteries people of other races including Eric who they hooked up.” 
Leader grumbles “Drat the Rakcar!” hearing this as the Humanian adds “Jon is doing a through check on the Rakcars’ files on Eric just to make sure they didn’t actually kill the Sun Lord or made more than one cloned copy of him.” 
Scene to Leader goes black which he wakes up feeling his strength back and hears the Seer telling “Leader is to do what he has to do and do it now before its too late.” 
Leader shrugs then goes through the gate boarding the Rakcar’s warship which he discovers people with Human appearances and some flaring golden eyes while chattering in Summeran in one room. Leader sees are poking a sitting Eric whose eyes are all night sky colored. 
He yells “Excuse me!” comment in Summeran to get the Humans he assumes are Builders’ attention who look at him and says “I’m here to get Eric and take him back to his home world by traveling through doorways an ability my kind called the Zeskaya has!” 
Builders there seem to understand his words which they lift up Eric and he gets behind him and pushes him through the doorway transporting them to Terrania.
Leader then goes back to Rakcar’s ship to see the Builders are still in the room in an argument “Should we bother leaving the ship? Should we bother staying? Should we bother waiting for others to arrive for us?” 
Leader gets annoyed spoke “I orders the Builders to leave the ship by exiting it to outside!” and then he turns to go only to be ordered by Builder using compelling voice “Your to come with us!” as they leave the ship.
Leader is compelled to come along as they leave the ship going outside walking into the forest till the ship is out of sight. 
Leader once freed from the Builder’s order blows his temper with an annoyed tone yelling at the Builder “I’m a leader of my people who expect my leadership and my orders!” which a female Builder using the voice compels “Your to shut up and be quiet!”
Leader finds that he silent while still raging angry which another Builder using the voice spoke “I order you to walk with us through the forest!” which he is compelled to obey. 

Kossman enters Zeskaya meeting room speaking “I’m asking for Leader.” and is told “Leader went through the gate and hasn’t returned. We’re getting a little put out by that.” 
Seer there speaks to Zeskaya “Zeskaya is not to worry about Leader for his tank was low which sleeping wasn’t enough and has gone to get more fuel for it.” 
Zeskayas around Seer grumble “Can’t this fool shut up?!” hearing his words which Seer adds “How Zeskayas do expects Leader to lead them if he is not well in mind and body? This is something Leader is in process of fixing hence him not returning yet.” 
Kossman feels a weird feeling spoke “I asks Seer right out what Leader is really doing for your words make me feel not right.” 
Seer speaks “Leader is doing something as prophesied which will give the Zeskayas unexpected allies in their war against the Rakcar. I have foreseen including something I have seen I’m not sure I can identify it yet.” 
Kossman feels a little annoyed spoke “I ask Seer to describe the scene he can’t identify. I think I can help with the description.” 
Seer speaks “The scene is jumbled mess focusing on eaters in different backgrounds. The scene is showing eaters sprouting from parts of Rakcars’ warships the Planet Killer warships and several outdoor forest scenes with treetops having eaters on them. The jumbled scenes leads me to think that the Rakcars’ home world planet will be attacked with their ships fired on hence the eaters appearing to come from the ships. I see are floating over several outdoor scenes with eaters down below them such as land with treetops and open bodies of water.” 
Seer pauses then says “I see” with a confused voice that he sees “The Sun Lord with open eyes all night sky colored angry look on his face with all sorts of wires attached to him while wearing his Sun Lord uniform with back on a glowing light wall. The wall is blinking from being in a standing position. He seems to have clear glass around him like a tube. I sense the vibes from the Sun Lord is he is angry about something.” 
Eric’s twin or clone dubbed Dick another gender bender Human like Seer is sitting in the room sleep jerks his head open yelling “No!”
Kossman puts a hand on his shoulder to reassure him “Dick your safe for now. What gave you the nightmare?” who speaks “I had a talk with Jon a Humanian a battery from the Guardian tower who told me ‘The Rakcar made more than one copy of Eric about the same number of fingers on my hand.’
Jon’s not sure but the files are claiming ‘The Rakcar hooked up the original with no success on killing him with their methods as a live battery to one of their machines on the planet.’ 
Jon is trying to find out where and contact him.” 
Dick pauses as Kossman says wording that rhymes with duck in a sound despite that word is used for mating. 
Dick adds “A copy identical to Eric biologically was sent through to Terrania by Leader.” mentions “Jon told me that the Rakcar made double males biologically identical to Eric and double female versions of Eric including one copy that is both male and female which is I.” 
Kossman stops his chatter which Dick continues speaking “Jon also told me that he’s worried that the Rakcar might have accidentally hooked up the Sun Lord improperly because he’s sensing something wrong within the systems. He thinks the Sun Lord might have control of them like he has himself-“ 
Seer speaks interrupting Dick “The eater scenes I seeing and seeing the Sun Lord hooked up shows that the Sun Lord probably has control of the planet’s defense weapons. The Sun Lord will turn them to fire onto the planet hence the scenes of the Rakcar’s ships with eaters spurting from them.” 
Dick gasps out loud to speak “I have a memory of the Rakcar visiting Terrania and hooking up the Sun Lord as a battery to their warship! Eric managed to break the Rakcar’s control of and used the warship’s internal defense systems to kill off the Rakcar inside the warship including freeing himself and others from the battery hook ups! He wound up including destroying the Rakcar mind that was hooked up with them!” 
Kossman speaks “There goes the planet!” while shaking his head as Dick groans out loud “The breathing device I’m wearing helps to control my angry rages. The rages blind me and make me see people with the fear emotion as distorted in one color against another colored background that is blinding me. It’s something that Eric has himself despite his cloned copies getting that medical ailment to my disgust.” 
Seer speaks in a loud voice booming microphone like voice “The Rakcar has failed to account the Sun Lord’s rage episodes as reason he is wearing the breathing device. I see Eric isn’t wearing from the scene I’m seeing of him.” 
Dick speaks “The rage episodes Eric will be getting from being hooked up is how he got control of the Rakcar’s warship. I suspects that it’ll help Eric get control of the Rakcar’s planetary weapons system.” 
Seer using a compelling voice tone spoke “I order Dick to sleep!” which is obeyed.
Seer added speaks “I’m sensing something urgent from Jon who wants to speak to Dick hence putting him to sleep.” 

“Is there anything more on Leader?” spoken by Jimo.
Storyteller paused to give Jimo a glare of accusation. 
Jimo noticing the glare including Recorder’s own glare spoke “I’m just curious to what happened to Leader himself, despite told of Dick and others.”
Storyteller in response told the tale with recording happening.

Leader feels annoyed finds his thoughts running through his head as he escorts the Builders through the forest. He hears that they are silent and not talking which is bothering him and finds that he still can’t talk out of loud to them which is frustrating him. He and Builders come upon a limping antlered gonoid a deer buck in Human terms that gets its antlers caught in low tree branches and is struggling to get away from the group. Leader hangs back watching as the Builders pull out knives and sees them attack the gonoid which they kill and watches them eat part of it. Leader finds himself feeling like needing to eat joins them putting away his mask and they share the food with him which he eats ravenously. He ignores their staring at him as he is wolfing down the food with his hands tearing at the gonoid till he finds himself no longer hungry to sit leaning back. He frowns as the Builders continue to eat the gonoid slowly then he points to his mouth and shakes his head. 
A male Builder spoke “I compel him to speak!” which he says “My race dubbing Zeskaya have some sort immortality that keeps them deathless but they still need to sleep and eat food to function normally. This includes us doing our traveling between worlds for without the nourishment and sleep we’ll literally get stuck on a world we on till we get what we need for functioning better and doing our traveling.” 
Leader exhales a breath to watch the Builders eating the deer slowly which he goes to a log nearby to sit up leaning against it and closes his eyes falling asleep. 

Leader finds himself back next to lighthouse meeting Jon again who tells him “The Rakcar making five finger number’s copies of Eric and what they are including one of the copies being sent to Terrania by Leader yourself.” 
Leader groans out “Drat!” which is seen as a profanity comment as Jon adds “Jon have worse news!” which shuts Leader up. 
Jon adds “The Rakcar have hooked up the Sun Lord as a battery to one of their machines without his breathing device. Jon was told by Dick, a twin that Eric has rage episodes which the breathing device was controlling them.” 
Leader groans out loud as Jon continues speaking “Dick has admitted getting a memory of the Rakcar visiting Terrania with one of their scout ships crashing into the planet and hooking up the Sun Lord to it. Eric used his rage episodes to gain control of the ship’s internal defense systems to kill off the Rakcar and used it to free he and others from the hook ups.” 
Leader stops groaning to frown as Jon continues “Jon have found where the Sun Lord is hooked up and has been trying to contact Eric like Jon can contact the other batteries. He hasn’t been acknowledged yet but is detecting something wrong with the systems. Jon found the problem coming from the Sun Lord which suggests that Eric is having a rage episode.” 
Jon pauses then continues to speak “The systems Jon’s examining show that the Sun Lord is aware of himself being a battery. His rages are fueling his awareness which has found out from the examining that Eric has discovered that he can control systems. He is seeking systems involving weapons which Jon suspects the Sun Lord intends to use to destroy the Rakcar-“ 
Leader interrupts Jon to ask “A question of where the Sun Lord is hooked up? You could influence the Rakcar to get Eric out.” 
Jon in response groans loudly to speak “The Sun Lord is hooked up in a warehouse in the Rakcar’s capital city as a battery to keep reserve batteries of people alive. Jon already tried to get the Rakcar to free Eric but the Sun Lord. Jon detected got control of the warehouse’s guards and killed the Rakcar whenever they went near his battery hooked up place.” 
Leader speaks “A question asking if a Zeskaya like me could access the warehouse and free the Sun Lord-“ 
Jon interrupts to speak “The access to the warehouse is very heavily guarded by both machine and live guards are a race called Samol that have no loyalty to the Rakcar and their Pharaoh. Their lack of loyalty is from judging by their behavior are seeing Eric as some deity leader. It was they who killed the Rakcar when they tried to get inside the warehouse to access Eric.” 
Leader frowns as Jon adds “The Sun Lord influenced from his rage episode state from system examining has managed to contact the Samol and has formed a dialog with them talking to Eric. Eric responding which Jon has eavesdropped on their talks talking about destroying the Rakcar by getting control of the planet’s weapon systems and firing them.” 
Leader throws his hands up as Jon keeps talking “The Sun Lord’s tone when Eric is electronically talking to the Samol sounds like he’s angry and is controlled by his anger. Eric has made no secret of wanting to remain hooked up hence the Samol seeing him as a deity leader. It’s well known among the Samol that whenever they talk to a battery, the battery in question talking back to them always pleads to be freed from hook up and it happens a lot to the Samol.” 
Leader shakes his head with a sound of disgust as Jon includes “The Sun Lord’s attitude to remain hooked up is unusual among batteries for they always don’t like being hooked up. Jon and others has complained to each other among the batteries about wanting to be freed from the hook up.” 
Leader opens his mouth to speak when Jon rush speaks “Leader and group is in a forest park in the capital city! They should follow the sunset position to get out of the park to the city where they should walk unnoticed for the city is populated by Human like races! Blending in will be fine and that Leader is about to be waked up!” 
Leader finds the scene going black finds himself back in his body to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking him awake gently. He wakes up to look at the Builder staring at him. 
Builder asks him “A question if the Zeskaya has dreamed up a way out of this forest.” 
Leader speaks “The way out I have dreamed requires us to follow the sun’s sunset position. The following will lead us to a city populated by Humans and Human like races which we should be able to walk in it unnoticed.” 
Builder he stares at forms a glare on his face to speak “I ask a question about what battery was contacting the Zeskaya.” 
Leader speaks “My name is Leader. The battery in question is a Humanian named Jon who is in the guardian tower.” 
Builder he stares at helps him stand up which Leader stretches when standing.

Kossman sits down staring at Dick sleeping which he leans his head back and snoozes to discover he on a dry arid field with a lighthouse he recognizes as the Rakcar’s guardian tower. Kossman sees a Humanian standing next to Dick apparently talking to him. 
Kossman goes up to the two to hear the Humanian speaking “Files on the original and copies don’t make sense for they seem like their altered manually to keep others from knowing the truth about something.” 
He stares at Dick who frowns and then the Humanian continues his talking to speak “Jon doubts the Samol would allow anyone near Eric due to seeing him deity like.” 
Kossman frowns as the Humanian gasps “Eric! Jon senses Eric has accessed the files and has in response to them has disabled a Rakcaran warship forcing it to crash!” 
The Humanian speaks to Dick telling him “Jon will contact Dick later.” 
Dick fades from eyes sight as the Humanian turns his attention to Kossman and says “Jon introducing self as Jon.” 
Kossman frowns as Jon speaks “Jon is telling the truth about the files being altered. Alterations have the files say that the original was destroyed suspects that the Eric hooked up is actually a biological copy who’s angry about that hence his attitude.” 
Kossman groans out loud as Jon continues speaking “Jon’s searching the systems with the help of other batteries for unaltered files on Eric. Jon suspect files on Eric were altered by the Samol who have no loyalty to the Rakcar and their pharaoh. They appeared to manipulating the hooked up Eric in their attempts to destroy the Rakcar.” 
Kossman groans out “There goes the planet!” which Jon speaks “Jon thinks the Samol have the original alive and hidden somewhere possibly in a suspended state to keep him from moving or alerting the others of his presence.” 
Kossman frowns as Jon adds “Kossman should go to Terrania and tell the copy Eric about this without mentioning what Jon told him alone. Kossman is about to be waked by Dick.” 
Kossman sees the scene goes black as he feels a hand touching his arm shaking it. He jerks his eyes open to see Dick leaning over his chair with a frown on his face. 
Kossman asks Dick “A question what was wrong?” which Dick replies “I keeps getting an image of something that is bothering me. I needs someone to mind walk me to speak what’s I’m seeing.” 
Kossman hears the Seer speak “Kossman should go to Terrania and bring a mind walker to scan Dick’s mind.” 
Kossman nods his head and gets up going through the gate. 

Kossman with Jiang and Niya arrive through the gate to the room which Kossman speaks “I have brought a mind walker and the Sun Lord’s mate.” as Zeskayas appear in the room. 
He sees Niya has a look of disgust on her face when she eyes Dick who appears to be frowning with eyes staring at the floor. 
Kossman speaks Basic to Jiang and Niya while translating his words in the Zeskaya’s language telling the two “Dick has an image of something in his mind that he’s having trouble with. It’s bothering him and needs a mind walker to scan his mind to see what it is.” 
He stares at Jiang who turns his head towards Dick with eyes narrowed. 
He translates Jiang’s talk “Jiang who is talking about Dick seeing something cloud colored with night sky outlines like a box he appears to be lying in while still wearing his Sun Lord uniform. His eyes in the image are open staring at what appears to be a box cover an arm length above him while lying on something that appears to be hard of metal while feeling he can’t move any of his body except his eyes. He is feeling a coldness feeling in the middle of his chest and feels something is pressing on it with a prick of pain attached to it. His eyes see the top of a storm cloud tube with two tube wires leading to part of the night sky outline. He feels that he is still wearing his breathing device but has an oxygen mask covering just his mouth. His eyes travel around the box seeing above his forehead with his eyes looking further up attached to the box is his breathing device. Tubes going down to his nose with a clear oxygen mask part on top of the device that is attached to the box cover by two straps of cloth attached to it. He senses movement to look ahead of him to see the whiteness is gone held up like it’s a blanket cloth by a hand with night sky cloth attached to it. He sees a plant colored Rakcaran face with Rakcaran eye color that is more human like is leaning over the box staring at him while the face is surrounded by a night sky colored hood and clothing in the same color attached to the hood. He sees the humanoid is jerking back and forth a little bit while staring at him with narrowed Human like Rakcaran colored eyes then he sees another like the humanoid that doing similar jerking while leaning over staring at him. He’s seeing the other’s mouth move and sees the first humanoid’s mouth is moving as if their both in conversation which continues as both are appearing to be talking to each other. He sees them both lift their heads looking at one direction which one holding the blanket places over the box blocking his eyes sight. He is feeling a range of emotions running through him while focusing on confusion and sleepiness makes him closes his eyes.” 
Kossman translating at the moment hears Jiang speak “The scene in Dick’s mind has gone dark. I’m not sensing anything more from Eric.” 
Kossman translates that comment then hears the Seer speaking in a language while understanding him and seeing that Jiang and Niya understand the Seer “The race Eric saw was the Samol who have no loyalty to the Rakcar who rules Rakcara.” 
Seer continues as Kossman frowns “The Samol I senses are manipulating things including the hooked up Eric is a copy of the original.” 
Seer asks “Kossman a question on that theory?” which Kossman speaks in Zeskaya language while translating his words in Basic “A component told me that files on Eric were altered manually including saying that the original was destroyed. The component told me that the hooked up Eric has accessed the files and in response has brought down a Rakcaran warship.” 
Seer speaks “The Samol must have altered the files in their agenda to get the hooked up Eric to access the planet’s weapons and hid the original Eric keeping him alive and out of the Rakcar’s hands.” 
He hears Niya groan loudly as Seer adds “I order Kossman to bring Jiang and Niya back to Terrania for there’s nothing more they can do here.” 
Kossman obeys bringing them through the gate which they come out of Eric’s bedroom to the living room. 

“I remember more of Leader next, in question you’re asking me.” said Eric glaring at Jimo himself. 

Leader and group reach the city where they see Humans walking by that don’t notice them. Leader feels creep out like someone is watching him and senses hostility from the Humans towards the Builders. Before he can comment on that the Humans point guns at the group firing them which darts hit each member of the group and they go down unconscious. 

Leader wakes up in a chair restrained to it that is moving to see a large towering building ahead of him with a doorway opening to see Samol appear from hidden forms in front of him. 
He hears a male voice in Human tones speaking “This is Mesan’s Curse. He’s for the Samol to do what they want with it”.
Samol he sees one walk behind his chair and he is pushed into the building to see a large room with tubes holding people at the walls surrounding a tube with multiple tube machinery at the sides and the bottom parts with a familiar figure in the middle of the room. He sees the figure in the middle tube is Eric who has all black eyes with an angry expression on his face. He frowns as he looks around the room to spot at Eric in his tube’s left side is a large rectangular object with cloth covering it with part of it up to see two Samol standing besides it with one holding the cloth up. He sees that the cloth covered object is a metal rectangular box with tubes on the bottom going into the floor which the box gives him a strange feeling he can’t identify. He is brought to Eric’s tube as the two Samol pull the cloth covering the box and then stand facing in his direction eyes narrowed in glares at him. 
He once he’s near Eric’s tube frowns as he hears an electronic voice speaking in Rakcaran language which he understands the words sounding like Eric’s voice speaking in angry tones “I’m asking the Samol who the new visitor is!” 
He hears a Samol voice from behind him speaking in Rakcaran language answer Eric’s question saying “The new visitor is a race enemy of the Rakcar called Mesan’s Curse, Rakcaran name for the walking dead. We have brought to show to you we refer as Divine One who has repeatedly asked for the presence of one Mesan’s Curse.” 
He frowns as Eric speaks “You have my praise Samol for getting me one Mesan’s Curse. I say you have captured the right one I had in mind from meeting them before on my former home world.” 
Leader stares at Eric with a confused expression as he is frowning some more inwardly thinking “I’m wondering what Eric had in mind requesting me to be present in his presence.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as Eric pauses then speaks sounding like Eric is talking to him “The Mesan’s Curse is safe from harm here but will having to remain restrained to the chair for safety from the Rakcar who will try to harm him should they be successful in sneaking into the Samol’s temple.” 
Leader hearing Samol’s temple forms a frown on his face while thinking to himself “A question what the Samol have told Eric?” as Eric continues talking sounding like he’s talking to the Samol “I have successfully brought down a Rakcaran warship from my testing my control on systems.” 
He hears the Samol from standing next to him say “We praise Eric for the successful test. We ask to try his control test on a Rakcaran Planet Killer Warship and see if he can bring that ship down.” 
He hears nothing from Eric in response and notices as he stares at Eric, Eric’s all night sky colored eyes narrow with a concentrating like look on his face replacing the angry look on it. 
Leader has enough of silence speaks out loud “A question to the Samol standing next to my chair what they had in mind for Eric I refers Divine One as Eric to do for them-“ 
Leader finds his mouth clamped shut by a bare clawed hand that reminds him of Eric which he sees two figures appear from hidden forms in front of him with one hand covering his mouth. He stiffens seeing the figures are females with long night sky colored hair and eyes and facials that reminds him of Eric while seeing them wearing Eric’s breathing tubes on them along with clothing that is similar to Eric’s Sun Lord uniform. He sees the females’ eyes are narrowed with glares on their faces as one of them remove their hand from his mouth as another puts a finger to her lips which Leader gets the sign for quiet and watches as they fade from his eyes sight turning hidden. He looks around the room and his eyes as if drawn focus on the covered with cloth rectangular box. Leader again gets the strange feeling and stares at it which he gets sleepy shuts his eyes bowing his head. He dreams a vision of an eyes’ sight point of view of Eric with confusion on his face while wearing his breathing tube sitting in a chair with wheels on it underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness. The view continues to show a Rakcar wearing a helmet with lights coming from it walking in view from behind Eric who pushes the chair out of the spotlight. The vision continues to show eyes’ sight following the Rakcar as if the person is walking. Follows the Rakcar pushing Eric going through a long cave passageway lighted by the helmet’s lights on the helmet the Rakcar is wearing and entering a small all metal like room at the end. The eyesight walks to stand in front of Eric staring at him. Eric’s eyes appear to settle on the eyes’ sight as if seeing the person which the confusion remains on his face. The eyesight looks at the Rakcar who has back to them touching a console on the wall which doors slide closed. There’s a humming sound that lasts a long time as lights above flare on which the Rakcar takes off the helmet putting it on a hook on the wall on his left. The doors slide open showing a lighted cloud colored hallway with lights on the sides blaring it. The Rakcar pulls Eric’s chair with hands on it while walking sideways in the hallway with the eyes’ sight following. The eyes focuses on Eric whose eyes are narrowed with a concentrating look on his face while staring at the eyes’ sight. The Rakcar reaches a large room Leader dreaming the vision recognizes as the room where Eric in the tube is judging by the looks of it. The Rakcar turns the chair around going towards a rectangular box which multiple Samol appear from hidden forms. 
The Rakcar speaks in Rakcaran language in a Human voice tone which Leader understands the words saying “I have brought the original of the copies the Sun Lord as requested by the Samol. I have altered the files to say that the original was destroyed.”
The Samol he sees all nod their heads in agreement as the Rakcar continues to speak “I haven’t seen the two female copies-“ 
Two female voices speaks in Rakcaran language interrupting “We here and won’t interfere!” 
He sees the Rakcar turn around to face the eyes’ sight point of view with a frown on his face eyes narrowed as the eyes’ sight walks forwards to stand next to the Rakcar who continues to look at the view. Leader dreaming frowns as he realizes that the eyes’ sight point of view belonged to one of the female copies of Eric himself which he continues to have the vision. He sees the Samol surround Eric while seeing one holding up a syringe injecting it in Eric’s neck who slumps over and watches as one of them open the rectangular box by its lid as Eric is lifted up and carried to the box placed inside it. He watches as they paw Eric repeatedly with their clawed hands and one holds up a thin rectangular box with tubes attached to it to hook onto the lid while putting an oxygen mask on top of it. He sees them put an oxygen mask onto the lower half of Eric’s face then one of them holds a large syringe with a big needle and tubes attached to it coming from the lid sticking it in Eric’s chest. They close the lid backing up as two Samol cover the box with a cloud covered cloth completely covering the box then step back. 
The Rakcar speaks “The Rakcar with manipulations will put a biological copy of the original in the main battery tube soon.” 
He hears a female voice speaking “The Rakcar has to remove the biological copy’s breathing device for him to gain control of systems. We mentions having a memory of the original hooked up to a Rakcaran warship with his breathing device removed. He used his rages to gain control of the Rakcaran warship’s internal defense systems successfully destroying the Rakcar and the Rakcaran battery. The original freeing he and others from the battery systems.” 
One of the Samol walks to the eyes’ sight to stand in front while saying “You have our praise for telling us that would make it easier for our plans for the Rakcar to come to true just the way we planned.” 
Two female voices speaking in unison speak “We give our agreement to the Samol’s words.” 
He hears the Rakcar speak “I have to be going. I don’t want to be around when the Rakcar make an appearance.” 
The eyes’ sights see him walking off into an opening in the wall which doors slide close behind him. 
The eyes’ sight turns towards the Samol who speaks “We like the Samol should hide in hidden forms and be ready for the Rakcar’s arrival. We’re to make sure that the Divine One” referring to Eric “is hooked up without his breathing device for your plans to come to fruition.” 
The eyes’ sight bobs up and down like their nodding the head then the Samol in the view fade from sight going hidden as the scene goes black. 

Leader realizes that Eric the original is in the rectangular box trapped in it hidden from the Eric in the tube. Leader jerks his eyes open as a hand feeling like one of the female versions of Eric is patting his cheek. He raises his head up to see no females in his eyes sight while feeling the hand stop patting his cheek. He shifts his eyes towards Eric whose expression changes from concentrating to a glare with mouth in a thin line and senses Eric is angry which he frowns. He sees a Samol walk in his line of sight to stand in front of the tube with back to him.
Leader hearing the Samol speaking in a questioning tone “I’m asking Eric calling him Divine One what is the matter for I senses powerful angry vibes coming from him. I want to know what the problem is.” 
Leader stiffens as he hears an electronic roar sound in Eric’s voice in an angry tone and sees the Samol jerk backwards hitting the floor appearing to be shot dead with body and clothes falling apart into dark night sky colored liquid that pools the metal floor turning into dirt. 
He feels a clawed hand touch his chin and a Samol voice whispering in Rakcaran language sounding feminine in his ear “You’re to speak a question out loud to Divine One on why our companion was shot dead.” 
Leader stiffens as an image of Eric standing underneath a spotlight surrounding by inky darkness lifting up a finger to his lips doing the sign for quiet with a glare on his face’s flashes in his mind’s eye. 
Leader whispers to the Samol in Rakcaran language “The Divine One is busy concentrating on his work doing what you requested. He doesn’t want to be distracted or disturbed by the Samol hence him shooting their companion for that.” 
He hears the Samol give off a groaning tone before whispering in his ear “How Mesan’s Curse figured that out?” which he replies whispering “I saw the Divine One’s expression change to anger. I heard the Samol remark about sensing anger from him. I assume that the Divine One is busy doing what the Samol requested taking down a Rakcaran Planet Killer warship. This is giving him problems judging by him giving off anger. He doesn’t want to be distracted or disturbed by the Samol in the process of working out the problems.” 
He shuts his mouth as the Samol again gives off a groaning tone and hears the Samol whisper “We’re glad that Mesan’s Curse is here helping us understand the Divine One’s mood. It’s not the first time he shot one of us dead for he has done that before three times. Divine One refuses to give us an explanation whenever we asked him. The Divine One like the times before shooting a Samol gave off a roar sound in angry tones before he shot a Samol dead.” 
Leader whispered “I’m asking a question about what the three shot Samol before the fourth was shot was doing before Divine One shot them.” 
He hears the Samol reply whispering “The first Samol was revealing they to Divine One to form a dialog with him the Samol wound up shot in the process of that first meeting. We had to use begging and pleading for peace which Divine One started talking to us.” 
Leader frowns as he whispers “The Divine One must be aware of being hooked up as a battery by the Rakcar and thought the Samol was working for them as caretakers hence him shooting one of them.” 
He hears the Samol whisper “We appeared from our hidden states to fight off Rakcar from near the entrance to the building who wound up disappeared.  
During us savoring victory of the battle the Divine One asked a question ‘What was going on?’
One of the Samol told him and wound up shot dead which we’re still confused about.” 
Leader whispers “The victorious Samol must have spoken in a bragging voice tone which the Divine One didn’t like hearing that tone shot the Samol for speaking to him like that.” 
He hears the Samol again groan then whisper “The third Samol appeared from hidden state behind the Divine One’s tube and was shot dead.” which Leader whispers “The Divine One was defending himself thinking the tube would be attacked for he suspects that the tube’s controls are on the back of it. The Divine One was trying to keep intact.” 
He hears the Samol again groan then he darts his eyes towards Eric as he hears an angry roar sound and hears Eric’s electronic voice sounding angry speaking without indication who he is talking to speaking “I’m sick and tired of being manipulated! I will do what I’ll do to get what I want! I can play this manipulating game too! I will not be stopped till I have achieved my goal!” followed by another roaring sound then silence.
 Leader notices out of the corners of his eyes the Samol standing next to him scratch their heads with confused expressions on their faces. He stares at Eric’s face that shows anger with narrowed eyes and stiffens. He realizes that Eric is aware of being manipulated by the Samol which dawns on him that the Samol want Eric to gain control of the Rakcara planet’s planetary defense weapons systems to fire it on the planet in their goal of destroying the Rakcar. 
He frowns as he hears a voice in his mind sounding like Eric speaking “I’m introducing myself as Divine One. The Samol can be manipulated too like their doing to me. I detected the files on the original Eric were altered manually and deleted. This led me to believe that there’s something sinister going on. Hence I ordering the Samol to capture and bring a Mesan’s Curse for communicating for its on sharing my findings to the Mesan’s Curse. I have since detecting the files’ alterations having a dialog with a battery component named Jon who has been trying to contact me. I have acknowledged after ignoring him awhile after me was hooked up as a battery.” 
Leader keeps his face from changing expressions as he stares at Eric who he senses to his shock can see him and has his eyes staring at him. 
He mentally speaks “I know where the original is-“ 
He is interrupted by Eric mentally saying “The female copies have mentally blabbed to me the original’s location. The location is the box covered by a cloth sitting next to my tube after they contacted me mentally. I was told by them that a Rakcar with a Human voice tone has admitted altering the files manually in front of them just before the Samol put the original in the box.” 
Leader mentally speaks “Jon can contact people through them asleep.” which Eric mentally speaks “Jon has told me that. Jon has been in contact with another copy is relaying information from the both of us to Mesan’s Curse.” 
He keeps his expression the same as Eric continues “I have already told Jon to tell the copy to tell Mesan’s Curse, Leader’s your location. I have been in contact with the female copies are at the location spying on the Samol. Their doing manipulating work on them while checking on the status of the original in the box is in some frozen state with an active mind according to scanner files on the box.” 
He frowns inwardly as Eric continues mentally speaking “Jon is still working on contacting the original and hasn’t had any success. Jon suspects that the box according to its scanner files is to keep the original frozen but awake hence the scanners saying that the original’s mind is active. This suggests that he can’t fall asleep due to the frozen state keeping him like that.”   
Leader eyes the box and hears Divine One he assumes he’ll call this copy of Eric get into a verbal argument with the Samol “You stinking Samol are deceiving me about not being honest with me about being a copy of someone called Eric who’s still alive!”
One of the Samol was saying “Eric is disappeared and not alive!”
Leader groans and rolls his eyes feeling that Divine One is distracting the Samol from focusing onto the boxed Eric. He eyes the box to see Samol back away from it and hears breaking sounds along with the cover removing itself to see Eric come out that fades from view. 
He feels the females of Eric picking on his restraints which he yells in Basic “Just help me getting me out of there!” 
Leader finds himself freed by hands pulling him that he senses is Eric. He leads them and females to the entrance only to feel Eric repeatedly jerk his arm halting his process several times that have him confused but ignores it to get through the gate into the Zeskaya room. 
He sees Eric target a Zeskaya he recognizes as Rule Breaker who spoke “I admit the transporting Eric to Rakcar despite seeing him as Dictator.” 
Eric gets restrained into the chair which Leader sits and eyes his nephew who appears to snoozes which he puts on his mask and shuts his eyes.

Leader wakes up to hear Seer speak “I must mention something about Eric’s family something Leader needing to admit it to Eric.” 
Leader spoke “I admit that Dictator is my father.” sees Eric is not surprised by it but adds “I orders Eric to go home.” which he watches him leave. 
He frowns as another Eric appears in a flash of light minus a jacket who says “I was taken out of being a battery by Rakcar who told me to go through a gate via arena’s stadium during a meeting. I wound up sensed something like a bomb placed on my back found me some where else as if transported by Meritanian variety doing it. I wound up yanked off my jacket with the bomb throwing it away then found myself here.” 
Divine One, he recognizes as him not Eric, explains “According to files there’s someone called Zerra who’s similar to Terrania’s Merra identified as a mind walker. If she talks all the Rakcar can hear her and would destroy her if she said anything. The Rakcar want her to be quiet and not talk at all.” 
He hears Seer speaking “Leader, I cryptically tell him to switch places with Rule Breaker seeing something suspicious.” 
Leader obeys and eyes the gate to see Eric come out with anger on his face that flashes a weapon which he realizes is Dictator his father. Leader sees Rule Breaker get stabbed in the chest followed by the girls and males of Eric capture Dictator to put him in a chair and watched his father appear to fall asleep still radiating of anger. He continues to eye Dictator.

Dictator or clone of him really wound up recalling himself dreams of Jon the Humanian who gives a full summary of what happened to the Zeskaya after he was overthrown “Jon mentions having an idea of having a Zeskaya hooked up in a copy of Eric’s place to gain control of the planet’s defense weapons to fire it onto the planet. It was something Jon was working on but couldn’t access. Jon thinks a Zeskaya will have full access to that.” 
Dictator doesn’t say a word wakes up still angry frees he and darts through the gate which he later figured out that he was a cloned copy of Eric with the emotion of anger running through him. 

It’s later figured out that four copies of Eric were created all males with each having one emotion in them such as laughter, calmness, anger and sadness. Dictator as referred is the cloned copy of anger. Dick the clone is a copy that’s gender bender with both males and females’ organs into him in both forms including ability to bare offsprings. The females’ versions of Eric are connected together via twinning abilities hence they speaking together and acting as one person despite seen as twins. 
 
Leader spoke “I orders Zeskaya to let him go seeing that Dictator is in a bad mood and not willing to talk.” 
Leader doesn’t wait long as Dictator arrive looking calm but sensed still angry spoke “Leader, I scold you for dumping me in Terrania. I don’t find the dumping amusing.” 
Leader doesn’t comment but sees Dictator look up as if confused then disappears in a flash of light. 
He hears Divine One say “Its Zerra doing that light show transportation. Merra could transport people place to place and that’s a method she used.” 
He doesn’t comment figures “Its best to keep my mouth shut.” 

Dictator wounds up finding himself in a jail cell with another Zeskaya there and hears from the Zeskaya “We’re in King Winter’s castle. The Cold Lord has Rakcaran eyes. He has made it clear to me that he’ll find our meeting spot and will reveal it to others.” 
Dictator doesn’t comment sees King Winter and watches as the male opens the gate by mental power and figures “I’ll have to kill King Winter by his nosiness and influence of Rakcaran instincts.” speeds out sword out and cuts King Winter’s arms then cuts off his head.
Dictator hears from the Zeskaya “I’ll take the King Winter’s crown. I’ll keep the crown out of the Rakcar’s hands.” 
Dictator speaks “You better keep the crown safe.” and hears a humming sound figured “It’s a gate.”
Dictator travels to a cave and spots the gate then spots whirling small tornadoes heading towards him runs to the gate throwing he halfway through it. 
Dictator finds himself in the Zeskaya room yelling “I’m demanding you Mesan’s Curse to help!” 
Dictator finds his legs are caught by something keeping him from pulling into the room and finds himself yanked through the gate and sees the whirling tornados along with feeling a prick of pain in his neck passes out unconscious. 

Leader snarls angrily “I demands to Seer why we couldn’t help Dictator as requested!” which Seer says “Dictator would be cut in half if we helped him. Someone caught his legs and that the gate would do the cutting.” 
Leader doesn’t find it amusing as Seer doesn’t say much. 

Dictator wakes up in a chair in a familiar throne room facing the Rakcar’s pharaoh and sees whirling tornadoes in the room. One turn into a Rakcar and recalls his capture by his sons seeing them appear from whirling tornado forms grabbing him on the arms and hitting him on the head with their weapons and making him dizzy enough to not fight back. They hauled him to a gate and threw him in it he doesn’t have the memory of where he went but it was later revealed he went to Edenia where’s he’s currently staying amusing the Hayu with stories. 
He listens as the Pharaoh singing in Rakcaran language “I order the Rakcar to keep the prisoner alive. I recognizing him as an exiled Mesan’s Curse who used to lead the Mesan’s Curse but was tossed out of position. This Mesan’s Curse according to records disappeared through a gate by them.” 
He gets freed and told “You’re dismissed!” by the Pharaoh.
Dictator travels around exploring the palace and city seeing things are different before and recalls every word of Jon the Humanian’s conversation in his mind.  

Leader gets warned by Seer “You’ll get captured!” after he blares “I got to go find my father!”
Leader ignores the warning to travel out to among the city and finds Dictator, shows his form and gets knocked out unconscious. 

Dictator removes Leader’s mask and keeps it on his person then convinces the Rakcar appearing around him “Just to hook Mesan’s Curse up as a battery that the Mesan’s Curse admitted to taking out a battery and destroying it.” 
Rakcar obey to his suggestion which he follows along and witnesses them doing it. He meets the Samol hanging around after Rakcar hook up Leader which he senses are wearing tech like the Rakcar are wearing due to them appearing as whirling tornadoes and appearing with whining squeal sounds. He doesn’t comment eyes Leader to see his son’s eyes open with some expression of anger forming on the face. 

Leader comes to finding himself on a dry arid field meets Jon who tells him “Leader hooked up as a battery in place of an Eric dubbed Divine One.” 
Leader growls an angry sound as Jon cuts off his talk. He sees as if knowing it the reason why Zerra would transport Zeskaya out who look up while in the room is that because the room is underneath the throne room. Zerra doesn’t want Zeskaya to know of it. He realizes while staring at the ground that he can access the planet’s defense systems. Jon ordered Dictator to allow a Zeskaya to be captured and put in place as a battery just to gain access to them. 

Dick falls asleep in the room dreams of Jon and Leader witnesses Jon tell Leader of the hook up and sees Leader look away with some far away expression on his face that changes to anger.
Jon appears in his eyes sight “Jon telling Dick to tell the others that Leader is hooked up in place.” 
Dick obeys telling the Zeskaya in carefully worded sentences of the hook up which Zeskaya aren’t happy hearing till Divine One screams out “Don’t worry!” and yells “When I was hooked up I tried to access the planet’s defense systems but couldn’t! I sense that Leader can access them!” 
He hears from Seer speaking “I mentioned having a vision of seeing multiple eaters all over the place in Rakcara. I see the planet’s weapons firing on the planet including taking down warships regardless a planet killer or not.” 

Dictator goes to the doorway to stare at the sky and continues to stare at it ignoring the Samol speaking “We asking him why he’s doing it.” 
He doesn’t comment as he goes back inside to Leader and stares at his son still displaying that angry expression on his face.  

Leader gain control of the planet’s defense weapons fires it at the planet hitting targets he sees through computer are important to the Rakcar and continues to fire the weapons while taking out Rakcaran warships in the process. 

Dictator in the room hears explosion sounds sounding from outside goes to the doorway with the Samol to spot multiple eaters along with seeing some eater bolts firing from above hitting places in the city.
Dictator hears a Samol comment “We better do what it takes to protect that Mesan’s Curse hooked up for he’s responsible for the situation happening at the moment.” 
Dictator senses Samol gone inside continues to stand in the doorway staring at the city watching places explode in eaters and continues to watch eater balls from the sky hitting making eaters in its place at the buildings. He sees whirling tornadoes heading towards him folds his arms and stares at one while seeing it come nearer and nearer.
The tornadoes stop along with one appearing to be a Rakcar that speaks “This Mesan’s Curse can see us hidden from he was staring at one in the eyes.” 
Dictator decides to lie to the Rakcar speaks a sarcastic comment to the Rakcar “I’m not the only one who can see you Rakcar. The Mesan’s Curse is hidden in the room protecting the battery. They will do what it takes to keep him hooked up along with destroying the Rakcar in the process if they try to take him out.” 
Dictator sees a whirling tornado come from behind him heading towards the appeared Rakcar and watches as the Rakcar gives off a comment saying “The Mesan’s Curse is lying about this.” but cuts off his talk as he is abruptly lifted up and thrown in the air backwards head smash into pieces with body shriveling up to liquid turning into dirt. 
Dictator speaks eyeing the tornadoes “What that Rakcar talking about I just proved it by having a Mesan’s Curse attack him. I want to know what the Rakcar will plan to do about it.” 
He eyes the familiar whirling tornado go to stand next to him hearing a growling sound of a Samol with other growling sounds of other Samol eyes the whirling tornadoes in front of him. He assumes are Rakcar to see some of them dart away while others dart towards him which he yells out commands to the Samol telling them the Rakcar’s locations. Dictator watches the Samol take down the Rakcar seeing them all appear after being knocked to the ground and bodies become flatter with liquid pouring out along with dirt and see their heads crumble up. He continues to stand in the doorway watching the Samol as whirling tornadoes enter the doorway into the room. Dictator keeps guard while standing in the doorway to see a whirling tornado stand next to him he senses is a Samol and keeps his mouth shut about it. Dictator continues to watch for any Rakcar arrive which he finds their nearby hanging around as whirling tornadoes and Rakcar forms. They were appearing to be conversing with each other while pointing fingers at him. 
He figures that they’ll take him out and speaks that to the Samol next to him of that “The Rakcar will take me out into some disappeared status to keep me from pointing out their hidden statuses when fighting you Samol.”
The Samol asks him “How you could see the Rakcar? We can’t.” and he honestly admits how he sees them along with the Samol and others in hidden forms. 
He hears “It explains things!” that makes his suspiciousness hit him comes to realize that the Samol can see people as the same way he can see them when their under the tech’s power in some hidden state. 
He doesn’t comment about it keeps his mouth shut eyes the Rakcar till a Samol puts a hand on his shoulder spoke “I orders you to go inside!” and hears “We can see what you sees the Rakcar as. You just explained it to us that had us confused on what it was.” 
Dictator obeys goes inside to stand next to the tube holding Leader to eye his son still having that angry expression on his face.  
Dictator comments loudly “How the Rakcar figured out that this Mesan’s Curse was responsible for the damage done to the planet?” hears from Leader sounding in an electronic voice that shocks him “The Rakcar kept some kind of sensor aimed at batteries and the planet’s defense systems. They were aware that batteries could control systems from Jon the Humanian revealing himself of doing some kind of controlling. The Rakcar put the sensor in place just to make sure they could take out the battery was controlling their planet’s weapons. I mention to Dictator that the Samol will have more people coming to help keep the Rakcar off of me.” 
Dictator frowns as lights flash all over the place and sees that their all Zeskaya which he yells to them “I can see the hidden people and so can the Samol! You have to be careful on where you go around here to protect Leader so that the Samol won’t accidentally target you!” 
Dictator sees the Zeskaya all fade from view turning into whirling tornados that form a two rank circle around the tube with him in the middle of it besides Leader hooked up. He continues to eye the doorway watching and listening for anything while continuing to hear explosions continuing sounding loudly outside. 
He hears a Samol loudly speaking “The firing Mesan’s Curse is targeting the Rakcar’s power generators from the looks of it while firing at Rakcaran targets that attempt to shoot the battery building in an attempt to take him down and stop the firing.” 
Dictator feels pain in his front to discover a whirling tornado itches away from him which backs up as he finds the scene changed to show a gate and gets an image of a place in his mind while figuring out that he’s getting medical help darts through the gate and passes out unconscious.

“Dictator the clone stabbed wound up going to the High Council on Terrania and later became known as the assassin Poisoner servant of them and their mysterious Assassin Lord from memories of him.”
Said the storyteller as dubbed paused from talking to frown sensing the sunlight was low from the windows of the Zesky asylum "Anything else regarding what happened next?"
He gave the speaker a glare and spoke "Not sure how Dictator managed to get the Assassin Lord to kill him. I saw something involving Dictator targeting a female that the Assassin Lord appearing to be Mindbender or Tom Thunder himself was paired with. I found a new memory of Dictator who woke up on machinery like moon world Edenia healed of his medical problems. I’m not entirely sure of how Edenia acquired a sample of Dictator to clone him. He’s appearing to be a clone in Edenia from the looks of him seen."
He paused from talking to frown while staring at the desk containing his paperwork involving the operations of the Zesky Asylum. A loud Yeer interrupted the Storyteller’s thoughts as said by Jimo. 
Jimo in the room spoke while saying Yeer again “Just say something than sitting there silently.”
He glared at Jimo who was visually recording this talk via memories.  
Recorder who’s in the room was typing the storyteller’s words down via laptop spoke after a lengthy silence "You sound like you have more to say actually."
Storyteller appeared to be glancing at the windows showing the cloudy sky of a rainstorm again always hitting that area of planet Aire.
He made a disgust sound only to hear "Ignore the weather elements as caused by the Elementals. What happened next anyway?"
The storyteller glared at Jimo who spoke in response "Alexei? What happened to him actually? And explain why Brianna was heard calling this Jason, by the name of Eric at a meeting. What's up with that when his name is Jason?"
Storyteller spoke "Because Eric is my descendant who was paired to Brianna who got her body transported off Terrania to Edenia by someone doing it and healed her of her medical problems. I think that transportation was done when Edenia ordered Humania to break away from Terrania-"
"Just tell me what happened to Alexei and quite it with the planet's historical knowledge despite the High Council nowadays obsessed with trying to find documents for Terrania." He was interrupted. 
Recorder adds here “Brianna when she went to Edenia seemed to be cloned from a sample of her acquired mysteriously from Terrania. It’s unsure of how Edenia acquired samples of manoids for cloning.”
Storyteller spoke in response with disgust within his voice tone the story. 

Dan sat on a large log with the Highlanders next to the camp fire called an eater among them. He copied them eating their foods on a stick. He sensed a presence behind him and looked with his antennas swishing to see a Banshee standing staring at him.  Dan turned around and continued eating. 
He heard a voice in his head speak in Summeran the Human language “I the Banshee is communicating by voice in your mind so don’t be alarmed.” 
Dan turned around facing the Banshee while sitting on the log speaking in the same language “I never got to thank you for helping me heals so thanks.” 
He heard the Banshee speak “You must go back to your past and help others.”
Dan’s face turned into a glare as an image of a Human man came to his mind’s eye. 
The Banshee spoke “They are trapped by their anger and must be freed from the emotion.” 
Dan snarled some sound and pulled the food towards him as he got an image of a stick end with food aimed towards his mouth. Dan closed his eyes and willed himself to calm as he looked at the food on a stick to see that the image was true. 
The Banshee continued “Anger makes one blind to seeing things. You must help them be freed of their anger for them to properly see.” 
Dan sigh some sound as the Banshee added “Have you watched the others’ behavior when they display anger?”
Dan frowned and he turned around eating his food, to watch the Highlanders sitting at the camp fire. He saw sitting on a log next to his, a male Highlander with long black hair tap a female Highlander’s shoulder that whirled around and slapped him on the face. The male got up and stomped towards one of the huts. He picked up a rock and threw it at a hut waving his arms in anger. Dan watched as a male Highlander with grey in his hair came out of the hut and went to the angry male grabbing his shoulders. The grey haired Highlander forced the black haired Highlander to a kneeling position and with his hands. Then the grey haired Highlander leaned his head next to the black haired male whispering words in his pointed ear. Dan watched as the black haired Highlander moved his mouth talking to the grey Highlander.  He saw the female who slapped the male Highlander get up throwing her stick with no foods on it into the eater and walk towards the two males. The grey one looked up as the female spoke words to them and then she leaned her black haired head next to the kneeling one speaking words in his ear while offering her right hand. The slapped male took it and then the female pulled him up to a standing position. The grey haired male Dan noticed spoke words to the pair and then he left them by going in his hut. 
Dan heard the Banshee speak “Did you notice their behavior Dan? Anger is an emotion that can be passed to person to person.”
Dan exhaled air as he continued eating. He got an image a memory in his minds’ eye of two Humans he recognized called James and Kenny, both males talking in a large airplane hanger like room with other Humans milling around. 
James spoke “Poor Dan, the One is very angry and is taking it out on him.” 
Kenny spoke “The fact of his anger must be that the Highlanders kidnapped his granddaughter and her husband. They won’t free the two despite him pleading.”
James spoke “Hence the one taking out his anger on Dan, ouch.” 
Kenny shook his short blonde haired head and spoke “I don’t get it why the Highlanders gave us those two bony people in chains to take care of.”
Kenny pointed which the view changed to show two figures with armor like skin bones protruding from it in chains attached to their wrists and ankle areas while standing in front of a wall.  One of them sat down pulling legs together as the other stood. Dan shook his head as the memory faded frowning thinking of the contents. He wordlessly ate his food and once finished he tossed the stick into the eater and stood up to face the Banshee who looked at him with glowing golden eyes. 
Dan asked “What can I do to help them with their anger?”
The Banshee replied “You must remain calm at all times asking for things in a polite way. Do not let them get you angry no matter how they threaten you with their words. Come follow me towards the gate.” 
Dan wordlessly followed the Banshee through the forests to a large clearing with a round gate arch sitting in the middle of the clearing. 
The Banshee spoke “I will give you an image of a place in your mind. So please concentrate on it as you go through the gate.” 
Dan nodded his head as an image came to his mind’s eye. He focused on the image and then the gate flashed as he walked through it. 

Humans in the airplane hanger like room ran towards the open doors with guns drawn as a ball of lightening appeared and there was a bright flash of light as Dan walked through appearing from the doorway. 
One of the Humans Dan recognized to be James put away his gun and spoke “PX5 aka Dan is back. Alert the One about him.”
Dan looked to see several Humans running towards a direction and saw them pull a figure which Dan recognized to be a Drainer. The Humans pulled the Drainer away from the two chained bony figures. 
Dan stood watching as the Drainer yelled in Summeran in an angry tone “She’s in labor and needs to have her baby now!”
Dan felt a hand on his shoulder and looked to see Kenny standing towered over him with a frown on his face. 
He looked Kenny who said “A pity that John keeps seeing the two bony people as a male and a female Shadonian expecting and acting like she needs to have the baby.”
Dan asked “Permission to speak sir?”
Kenny stared at him with a frown and answered “Granted, what you want?”
Dan replied “I have an idea to help the Drainer be in a calm mood and not be so angry.” 
Kenny sigh exhaling air and said “Fine.” 
He added yelling “Bring John over here!”
Dan heard the Drainer yell as he was escorted by Humans holding his arms towards him “My name is Kaison and not John!”
Kenny spoke “A pity he hates his name John and prefers the name of Kaison.” 
Dan exhaled air and went to meet the Humans pulling the Drainer. 
He stood in front of John who towered over himself and calmly spoke “Could you kneel and close your eyes please?”
The Drainer he saw grumbled as he obeyed kneeling and closed his eyes. Dan felt a tap on his shoulder and looked to see a Human female he recognized called Janie point to a standing Human male’s back and made a rubbing gesture with her hands on the male’s back. 
Dan nodded his head Human style and spoke “Kaison, can I rub your back please?”
Kaison replied in a grumpy tone with his eyes closed “Do it but stop when I tell you.” 
Dan spoke “I get it, Kaison.” 
He put his hands on Kaison’s back and proceeded to rub the area. Dan watched Janie rub the back of the Human male copying her motions as he rubbed Kaison’s back. 
Dan heard Kaison exhale a breath and speak “That feels good I feel much better.” 
A soft snoring sound was in response to Kaison put to sleep by the rubbing as guards take Dan to the One’s office. Dan stood in the office with two Humans besides him, facing a man with white hair who the Humans referred as the one sitting in a chair in front of the brown wooden desk. The room had windows on Dan’s left side that showed the sun shining brightly.   
The Human man had a name plate on his left chest of his black jacket that said “Alexei Zesky.”
Dan shifted staring at Alexei with his antennas swishing. 
He frown sensing anger coming from Alexei who spoke in an angry tone “You’re up to something PX5.”
Dan kept his mouth shut and willed himself to be calm as Alexei spoke again still angry “I don’t know how you did it but you got John or should I say Kaison to recognize that he was fooled by the bony people in thinking that they were Shadonians.” 
Dan kept his mouth shut as Alexei pulled out a device from a pocket and pressed a button on the device. A long flat screened monitor on the wall flicked on showing a scene on Dan’s right side. Dan grimaced inwardly recognizing the scene showing people in white standing in front of a large cylinder tube that appeared blue. He watched as one took a large hammer and swung it against the tube cracking it as blue liquid came gushing out. Dan watched as a green skinned female form was yanked out through an opening in the tube along with a familiar figure he recognized as himself. 
Dan looked at Alexei who continued speaking “You came out of that tube so cooperate or we’ll put you back in it. So answer this question, what are you up to PX5?”
Dan replied “Permission to speak sir?”
Alexei growled some sound and stood up and walked around the desk to face Dan while speaking in an angry tone “I know you well enough that your cooperating shows that you’re up to something.” 
Dan kept his mouth shut as Alexei continued speaking while folding his arms “So spill it PX5 or go in the tube.” 
Dan groaned inwardly and spoke “Just one question, why are you so angry?”
Dan saw Alexei’s hands grip the arms and looked to see his mouth turn into a firm line as his eyes narrowed. 
Alexei spoke in a loud voice “You fool I should put you in a tube for that question but I’ll tell you anyway.”
Alexei paused then spoke “Those Highlanders kidnapped my granddaughter and her husband. The fools refused to release them despite my begging to free them. They have me doing things which are against my beliefs all for freeing Elizabeth and Bruce whom those idiots refused to do.” 
Alexei lowered his arms, went to pace walking back and forth in front of Dan as he continued speaking “I’ve ordered things to be done that give people nightmares all for freeing those two, which those stinking Highlanders have refused to do it. I’m tempted to declare war on them for that but the Shadonia insist on peace.” 
Alexei paused from talking and then he stood to face Dan. 
He continued “I’ve complained about this kidnapping to many people including the Shadonia. They refused to help me free my granddaughter and her husband despite me asking them. I’m not happy with those Highlanders and those making me do things I despise.” 
Alexei paused from talking to glare at Dan and snarled out “Those Highlanders gave me the two bony people we refer as Bony to take care of. The Bony have refused to talk to us despite having a Drainer to translate.” 
He was interrupted when he heard his cell phone ringing and pulled out the device unfolding it from his pocket. 
Alexei spoke “yes, what do you want now?’
He heard the voice of Lieutenant Janie Conway speaking “Conway here, the Highlanders’ helicopter has been sighted. The direction appears to be heading towards the ship.”
Alexei growled out “Well give them clearance to land.”
He heard Conway speak “Will do.”
Then Alexei closed the phone. 
With a growl he spoke “You two come with me and bring PX5 towards the helicopter pad.” 
He stormed from the room followed by Dan and the two guards. The group reached the airplane hanger room and stood at the doorway entrance to see ahead of them a helicopter land. Alexei stood with arms folded as the blades stopped whipping and four figures in blue came out hauling a stretcher with a figure lying on it. Alexei walked forwards towards the Highlanders who walked forward with two pushing the stretcher on wheels. The group paused when Alexei met them followed by the two Humans and Dan. 
He stood with a glare and spoke “What do you want me to do now for freeing my granddaughter and her husband?”
One of the Highlanders spoke in a male voice “That tone isn’t tolerated and there’ll be no freeing today.” 
Alexei kept his cool by keeping his mouth shut but kept his arms folded still glaring at the speaker. 
The Highlander spoke gesturing towards the bed where a figure laid “A gift for you, Alexei. You will see to his health and his well being.”  
Alexei looked to see the figure was a male in white animal skin clothing with a pale white Human face, eyes closed, wearing a grey crown on top of his long black haired head. He frowned seeing clasped in the crowned man’s right hand was a torch cauldron staff with fire weakly blowing. The Highlanders turned and walked towards the helicopter leaving the figure lying on the bed. 
Alexei spoke “Haul the stretcher inside and alert medical. There’s a patient for them and have them put him through tests.” 
The two Humans standing besides him went to the stretcher and pushed it inside the airplane hanger room with Alexei and Dan following. The group went inside and Alexei stiffened hearing yelling coming from one of the Bony people who was visibly waving clawed hands shouting in a foreign language.
Alexei heard the Drainer standing at his side speaks “Says the man lying there is the Cold Lord, ruler of the snow, King Winter the one responsible for bringing the Humans and their land United States to Shadan.”
Alexei spoke “Kaison, ask them where they got this knowledge from.” 
He heard the Drainer speak foreign language and frowned as the Bony spoke in foreign language which Kaison spoke “Says King Winter arrived on Wiser Island and admitted the deed. A word of warning, anyone who touches his crown regardless of hand covering will find themselves compelled to wear it becoming the Cold Lord. Believe me I have a mark on my left wrist that is the same as the mark on his left wrist that shows I was King Winter myself for I touched his crown and wore it.”
Alexei looked at the King Winter lying asleep on the stretcher bed as one of the Humans took the sleeping man’s left hand and pulled the sleeve holding up the arm. He frowned seeing a large black marked x on the man’s pale white wrist and sighed. 
Alexei spoke “Leave him here and alert the others to avoid touching his crown. Tell medical to take a sample of his blood for testing and tell me the results.”
Alexei stood with arms folded staring at King Winter as the doctor a Human female named Samantha examined the Cold Lord. He saw her injected the Cold Lord’s left arm with a needle attached to a round cylinder. Red liquid filled up the cylinder and the doctor took it out of King Winter’s arm rubbing the area with a cloth then walked towards Alexei standing to the side. 
Samantha spoke “Alexei, judging by the looks of his physical appearance, he looks like he’s starving from lack of not eating. I checked his teeth and I suspect that he’s a blood drinker for their same as Kaison’s.” 
Alexei frowned and spoke “Get that sample tested and confirm that then see about getting him awake to drink.”
Samantha nodded her head and spoke “Will do.” 
He stood as she jogged off and frowned staring at King Winter lying asleep on the bed.   

Alexei frowned as Samantha returned hauling a cart with a large waist height beer jug with red liquid in it. 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard Samantha spoke “I order King Winter restrained.” and saw two men grab the Cold Lord’s arms. 
He frowned some more as he saw her pull up a tube and stuck it underneath King Winter’s nose who jerked his eyes open showing them brown with a glare in them. 
He saw Samantha thrust the tube into King Winter’s open snapping mouth while speaking “Here suck on this please. Its blood which will give you the nourishment you need.”
Alexei kept frowning as King Winter clamped his mouth shut and saw the red liquid thrust out of the jug into the tube going into the Cold Lord’s mouth in a fast slurping motion. He watched King Winter who slurped the beer jug’s contents in a fast motion till there wasn’t a drop left then spit out the tube. 
He heard Samantha order King Winter freed as she held up a cup near the Cold Lord’s face and spoke “Put the healer in here.”
He watched as King Winter licked his left hand rubbing it on the inside of the cup leaving a thick white milky like substance then grabbed Samantha by the neck with his hand. 
He heard her speak “Yes I hear you and get it your words, King Winter.” 
Alexei walked to stand next to Samantha who noticed him with her eyes continued speaking 
King Winter via Samantha spoke “Says the Annukai as the species referred themselves unofficially are having the High Lord, Aiden and some Human named General Wickers hostage.” 
Alexei frowns but feels confused to what’s the cold lord is babbling about as Kaison spoke loudly “I think I know what’s he’s talking about. He’s talking about some Human hating species dubbed they Listener actual name of Annukai who’ll do what it takes to spite Humans. I think the High Lord is of the Shadonia and Aiden is a Drainer who was sent to translate what the High Lord wanted with a Human male named General Wickers the assumed leader of the Humans themselves on Shadan.”
Highlanders return via helicopter spoke “We’re here to take King Winter back.”
They wound up taking King Winter to Annukai hiding in the basement of the FBI building with High Lord, Aiden and Trian tied up. Anyway to make long story short Annukai female wearing dress arrives in building tells them about her kind and location of the three hostages. Hidden Malika in Annukai hiding place knocks out Annukai by removing their technology on their arms and reveals self to King Winter as one of the races, minions who serve him. Three hostages freed, Trian goes into hiding disappears in the crowd, he goes in forest and wounds up helping a female Malika who is bait for a fire trap catching him witnessed by Amula Claire Patricoly in wolf form with Anubis besides her. Trian becomes the blind man-

The storyteller was interrupted by Jimo speaking “That’s not on Alexei like I hoped to hear.”
The storyteller gave Jimo a glare which the Drainer added “Just talk on Alexei and what’s going on with him. I’m curious to learn more of him.”
At the moment snickering like laughter was heard from the big three Meritanians in the mind of storyteller. The three Meritanians are laughing sounding of speaking some joke again. The storyteller in response covered his eyes appearing to hide his rolling eye eyed the ceiling thing to avoid looking above for that’s bad luck to do that.
Storyteller after Jimo giving off “Ahem” continued the story.

Alexei sighed as he sat alone in his office frowning with the sun shining through the windows. He stiffened as a figure materialized in front of his desk. The figure he saw had scaly black clothing with a barrel shaped head cover mask that showed no outlines or details of the face or head. He stared at the figure who with Human like hands took off the head cover mask. Alexei gasped in shock when he saw a Human face surrounded by short red orange hair with golden eyes that he recognized as Andrew Kossman’s face bare of a mustache and a beard. 
The figure spoke with a voice he recognized stiffening further was of Andrew Kossman “You know me as Andrew Kossman and I know you as Alexei Zesky. My kind is called Zeskaya after being freed by the water ship of the same name. I see your one of us in hiding. I go by the name Kossman.” 
He stared at Kossman with confusion that held up a hand towards him and he continued speaking “Take my hand and I will show you in your mind’s eye answers to your questions about me and my people.” 
Alexei cautiously reached out a hand gripping Kossman’s hand and gasped as his eyes sight clouded up showing a scene. The scene he saw was numerous Zeskayas in male and female forms wearing identical clothing as Kossman with like masks over their faces in a large cave attacking the walls with their swords. Some of them he saw were fighting each other with swords and fists. The cave shook shaking violently as Zeskayas stumbled falling towards the ground as water burst like a dam through a crack in a wall that became a large hole as a large white object appeared busting through the hole. The object Alexei recognized was part of a ship which reverted sliding backwards leaving water pouring into the cave as it left the opening. The view changed to show peering through the hole was the massive cruise ship Alexei saw was the missing twin to the Zesky the Zeskaya sliding down backwards. The ship stopped as it hit the Ocean floor spilling up clouds of dirt that floated in the water. Then the scene continued showing a Zeskaya’s eyes sight while swimming with other Zeskayas out of the hole down towards the ship. It came to one of the outer decks entering a doorway walking a maze of hallways and stairs till reaching a stairwell and walking down it. The Zeskayas reaching the last set of stairs at the bottom stopped at a door in the wall with a monitor device next to it. The eyesight showed the Zeskaya with two others entering a long hallway. Alexei recognized as the cryogenic tube room and one of them pressing a hand on the lighted monitor. One opened showing a tube revealing a man who Alexei recognized as Andrew Kossman lying there with eyes closed. The view showed a second Zeskaya walked further into the room touching a monitor revealing a shattered tube with an axe inside it. The Zeskaya picked up the axe and walked to Andrew’s tube bringing down on the glass which shattered forming a large hole. The view showed a sword appearing from the point of view’s Zeskaya which reached in the large hole and grabbed a handful of Andrew’s hair on top of his head cutting it off with the sword. The scene changed to show a large room with empty vertical tubes jutting from the floor with wires attached to them in the ceiling which he recognized as the tubal life room. He could see a number of Zeskayas were standing around a tube where a figure was floating in it he recognized as Kossman with Andrew’s face, eyes closed wearing Zeskaya clothing and a sword in his left hand. Then view changed to show a Zeskaya’s point of view watching two Zeskayas riffling through the dressers besides a bed. One of them reached the last drawer yanking it open to pause from movement and yanked out a filled with the brim folder file running out of the room followed by a Zeskaya and the Zeskaya’s point of view running into a room that was a cafeteria where Kossman sat sitting in a chair facing the windows surrounded by Zeskayas.  
The file was tossed onto the table in front of Kossman who slowly opened it and held up the picture head shot of Eric with a nasty look on his face and teeth were bared while speaking words he understood “Its Eric the son I was talking about that I have in my mind.” 
The view changed to show a figure in black with a male form sitting behind a desk wearing a mask identical to the Zeskayas. The figure reached with gloved hands and took off the mask revealing his face. Alexei gasped of shock recognizing Eric with tubes leading to his nose from behind his ears to underneath his turtleneck shirt with a confused look on his face. Alexei felt his hand let go as pain in his sinuses arrived followed by blackness. He closed his eyes groaning softly putting a hand to his forehead then opened his eyes seeing clear eyes sight as the pain went away. 
He lowered his hand to stare at Kossman who spoke “We have the ability to travel to other worlds from entering doorways where there are others of my kind living in secret waiting for the day to walk out openly. The world where I came from is called by the name Terrania where your son Eric is ruler holding the title Sun Lord.”
Alexei widen his eyes of shock at Kossman’s words and groaned softly as the Zeskaya continued speaking “You saw Eric has tubes in his nose, I’m aware of is a breathing device that helps him control his angry rages, helping him live a normal life. He is aware of me and my kind along with the images I gave you which I gave Eric. I can give him a message from you if you like.” 
Alexei spoke “I think that’s a good idea.” 
He got up from the desk and went to the file drawers sitting in the wall behind the desk and opened a drawer pulling out a thick black cloth covered book with a zipper. 
With a sigh he went back to the desk and held up the book while speaking “See that my son receives this. 
Let him know that it’s from me and that my message is ‘I’m sorry you weren’t told.’”
Kossman he saw placed the head cover mask back on his head and took the book then faded disappearing from his eyessight followed by the door to his office opening and there was a flash of light seen which the door slammed closed. Alexei frowned staring at the door to his office and went to the window staring out at the scenery. Then he went to his desk and pulled open a drawer and took out a TV remote. He walked around his desk and went to stand in front of the desk staring at the wall where a large flat screen TV monitor was stuck in it. He pressed a button on the remote as the TV screen came to life showing blueness. He pressed buttons on the remote as words appeared on the screen in a list form with dates of months, days and years. 
He pressed a button flicking through each date that was highlighted then came upon a date his eyes read “December 21, 1977.”
He pressed a button and the screen blinked showing images while hearing sounds come from the TV. Alexei stared at the image of a woman with black hair lay naked screaming while in a bed with her abdomen swollen with child. He saw his younger self wearing the same outfit he was wearing come onto the screen to grip the woman by her left arm that stopped her screaming to pant.
His younger self spoke “Anya, it’ll be over soon. The doctor says the birth is imminent.” 
Anya he saw on the TV grabbed his younger self by the color and yelled “I’m not carrying another child by you!”
Alexei stared at his younger self who replied “You won’t have to, I’ll see to it.” 
Anya bent forward letting go of his younger self and grabbed her legs while giving off grunting noises. 
Alexei watched as a male figure he recognized as the medical doctor in medical scrubs came into the screen and put gloved hands between her legs as his younger self spoke repeating words “Push, Anya.”
He stared at the screen as he heard a baby’s wailing like noise and saw the medical doctor held up a baby with clawed hands and golden eyes towards the camera view. 
The medical doctor spoke “The baby is a boy.” 
Alexei in the TV spoke “Call him, Eric.” 
Anya laid herself on the bed as the medical doctor placed the baby on her stomach. 
He watched as an angry look came to her face as she lifted the baby and pushed him to his younger self who gripped him while speaking with an angry tone “Take this thing away from me, I don’t want anything to do with it.” 
Alexei sighed as his younger self protested “The baby is yours to take care of Anya-“
She interrupted still with an angry tone “No its not. I refused to have anything to do with its care.”
He watched as she turned to her side turning her back to his younger self holding the baby with his arm walk out of the camera view. The screen flicked turning back to the dates. 
Alexei pressed buttons while reading the dates and pressed a date which read “December 21, 1978.” 
The screen flicked showing a naked one year old boy child, Eric, Alexei saw with recognition lying on a bed wearing mittens on his hands crying away as two figures.
His mind told him “They were nurses wearing medical scrubs.” injected needles with tubes attached, into his skin. 
Then one of the nurses turned Eric to his side and held up his left arm baring his armpit as another nurse holding a long object metal like rod object with wires at one end and a symbol at another end. The symbol Alexei recognized was shaped in the letter Z. The nurse pressed the letter rod on the skin of Eric’s left armpit that gave out a wailing like noise then removed it as a red outline of a Z mark was seen. The mark turned the color of Eric’s skin leaving a letter Z shaped white scar. Then the nurse holding Eric’s arm turned him to his other side and held up his right arm as the nurse again pressed the letter rod on the skin of Eric’s right armpit. Eric on the screen at the moment screamed. Alexei was watching the scene grimace hearing the noise and saw again a red outline of a Z mark which turned to the color of Eric’s skin leaving a letter Z white scar. The nurse holding Eric turned him to lie on his back as he continued to wail crying away as the other nurse holding the letter rod walked out of the camera view. The screen blinked turning back to the date list.  
Alexei pressed buttons on the remote as a date was highlighted which his eyes read “December 21, 1979.” 
He pressed the remote’s button as the TV flicked showing a new scene which he saw was a two year old boy, Eric, lying in a bed asleep as nurses injected needles into his skin. Eric, he saw didn’t stir but kept on slumbering as the nurses finished their injecting him. Alexei watched as his younger self with a sad look on his face came in view to lay a hand on Eric’s black haired head gently rubbing as a younger version of Andrew Kossman called Kossman with his face bare of a mustache and a beard walked into the view. 
Kossman on screen spoke “Are you sure about this, Alexei?”
Alexei on screen spoke “I’m sure of this. He must not know along with my family that I fathered him. He’s yours to be responsible of.” 
Kossman on screen spoke “I’ll see to this and it’ll be done.” 
Kossman walked out of the camera view as the screen blinked back to the dates. Alexei stared at the screen and pressed buttons with the remote as the list changed dates to years. He stopped as his eyes read the highlighted year “2002.”
With the press of buttons the screen blinked showing dates of months, days and the year. He kept pressing the remote till a date appeared highlighted which he read “December 21, 2002.”  
The screen blinked showing a camera view moving as someone was holding it walking down a stairwell. The camera holder stopped at the end of the stairwell to a door with a console in the wall where a hand with black sleeve touched the console. The door slid open as the camera holder walked into a room Alexei watching recognized as the cryogenic tube room. The view stopped at a beeping monitor in the wall and the hand came in view to press a button on the console next to the monitor. The monitor jutted forwards revealing a large tube and the camera pointed down showing a figure lying inside. Alexei stiffened seeing on screen, Eric full grown adult wearing white pants, a grey tank top and black gloves on his fisted hands lying inside the tube with eyes closed. The camera view changed moving forward doing a close up of Eric’s face which showed an angry look. 
Alexei frowned as the camera view turned around and his face with a sad look appeared in view speaking words “Today’s December 21, 2002. Eric, my son, turns twenty five years old today. I’m sad that I can’t share that occasion with him. He has uncontrollable rages of anger which makes him lash out acting animalistic hurting people in his path. I tried everything to help him control his rages and nothing has worked. As a last resort to keep people and himself safe I had him knocked out and placed in the tube where he will lie till the day comes when there’s a way for him to control his rages or perhaps cure him of them is found. Poor Brianna, she was very upset about this and was begging me not to put him in while he was carried asleep to the cryogenic tube room. I’m even sadder knowing that Eric may never know me as his father or even acknowledge me of this.”
The screen blinked showing the list of dates as Alexei stood staring at the monitor with a frown on his face. He pressed a button and the TV screen went black as he shut it off. With a groan he went to his desk and pulled open a drawer and placed the remote inside as he heard a knock on his office door. 
Alexei spoke “Come in, it’s open.” 
He frowned as the door opened showing a woman wearing a green military uniform walked into the room. 
He recognized the woman as Lieutenant Janie Conway who stopped walking to stand and she spoke “Sir we’ve been trying to call you on your cell phone to report the Highlander’s helicopter has been sighted heading towards the ship requesting to land.”
Alexei pulled out his cell phone from his pocket on his jacket and unfolded the device pressing a button. The cell phone whined some sound as he pressed buttons and pulled the device next to his ear. 
He heard the voice of the communications officer Leland speak “Sir, it’s about time. We’ve been trying to call your cell phone with news of the Highlander’s helicopter being sighted heading towards the ship. They have radioed a request to land. Shall I give them clearance?”
He spoke “Give them clearance and have Kaison be there to translate if it’s needed. I’ll be coming to meet them.”
He heard Leland speak “Aye sir.” 
Then he disconnected the call and folded his phone putting it back in his jacket pocket. With a frown he walked out of his office followed by Conway walking a maze of stairs and hallways till he reached the large airplane hanger like room with the doors open letting in the air. Kaison he saw stood with front facing towards outside with arms folded as he walked up to the Drainer. 
Alexei spoke out loud “Well let’s see what the Highlanders want this time.”
He and Kaison including four officers walked towards the landing pad where a helicopter came from the sky landing on it. The blades stopped moving as two Highlanders came out hauling a stretcher with a figure lying on it. Alexei stiffened seeing a bare faced Zeskaya with a male form with tan skin and short black hair lying on the stretcher as the Highlanders pushed it towards him and group. He paused from walking to bend down groaning loudly closing his eyes as a headache arrived to his head followed by an image of a door smashing open with smoke pouring out in his mind’s eye.
He heard Kaison speak “I’ll bring the one inside while you get the patient to medical.” 
Groaning loudly he felt hands on his shoulders and sensed the hands turning him around pushing him. 
Alexei groaned as the headache pounded harder in his head and felt himself falling as hands on him grabbed him followed by a voice yelling “Get him to Medical now!” 
Everything went black. 

Alexei jerked his eyes open with a gasp to discover he was lying on a bed still in his clothes in an outpatient room. He sat up and heard a yowling sound and felt movement near his legs. He looked to see the medical cat recorder sitting on its hunches meowing loudly. The door to the room opened and Samantha the medical doctor walked inside with a frown on her face as she closed the door behind her. 
Alexei moved his legs off the bed as Samantha protested “No, you need your rest for that fainting spell you had.” 
He narrowed his eyes and spoke “Samantha I’m fine.” 
Samantha he saw stared at him and blurted “You’re not human.” 
He ignored the outburst and stood up from the bed as Samantha continued speaking “I had you tested, you’re a match as the same species as the patient the Highlanders recently brought in.” 
He folded his arms giving Samantha a glare while speaking “I know that and I expect Doctor and Patient confidentially.”
Samantha he saw opened her mouth and closed it as she gaped at him while staring with a frown on her face. 
He lowered his arms and walked to stand in front of her as he spoke “The time will come when I’ll chose to reveal this but not now. You’ll see that the information in the recorder is erased. Now tell me where is the patient kept in?”  
Samantha spoke “In outpatient room twenty one.”
He bared his teeth at her with a glare on his face and left the room slamming the door. Alexei walked down the hallway reaching the door marked the desired number and opened it walking inside. He saw the nurse with a white skunk streak in her long black hair standing in front of the monitors near the bed with a clipboard in her hands where the Zeskaya was lying asleep. The nurse turned to look at him as he walked into the room. 
He spoke as the Zeskaya moved his head and arms shaking “Take the recorder and leave now.” 
The nurse went to the bed bending down as the medical cat recorder jumped on her shoulder and straightened up walking by him closing the door with a gentle slam. He went to the moving Zeskaya and placed a palm on his forehead. The Zeskaya, Alexei saw, jerked opening his eyes grabbing his hand off his head followed by thrusting a sword from his left sleeve pointing the point at his throat with an angry look on his face. Alexei spoke “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.” 
Alexei saw the Zeskaya’s golden Human eyes widen as he released his hold on his hand and thrust the sword back into his sleeve. 
The Zeskaya spoke “Sun Lord.” 
Alexei spoke as he folded his arms “Yes, the prophecy of me fathering a son has prophesied as said by the High Council’s seer.” 
The Zeskaya nodded his head as he continued speaking “There’s a world called Terrania where my son is ruler using the title Sun Lord. He’s aware of your species, called Zeskaya including me fathering him but not his species heritage. See that the others bring him to me where I will let him know of this.”
The Zeskaya swung his legs off the bed and stood up as Alexei watched him, pull out a rolled cloth from his waist and unrolled the cloth revealing a barrel shaped head cover mask. He stood watching as the Zeskaya put on the mask and walked towards the open door to the bathroom disappearing in a flash of light once walking under the door frame.  Alexei sighed and then went to the doorway opening it. 
He frowned seeing the nurse who came in the room and as he left he heard her speak “Where did the patient go?”
Alexei responded “Travels like Kurt.” 
He left the room walking out walking a maze of hallways and stairwells to his office where he stood with hands clasped behind him staring out the window. 
He sighed as memories of his life as a Zeskaya filled his mind and mumbled to himself “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.” 
Alexei frowned as he saw out of the corners of his eyes flashes of light followed by the door to the office slamming closed. He turned and looked to see two Zeskaya remove their hands off the shoulders a figure in black with a male form dressed in all black clothing with a Zeskaya head cover mask on his head. He stared at the figure that slowly reached with gloved hands and took off the mask revealing a face he recognized as Eric wearing a breathing tube in his nose who stared at him with a range of emotions displayed. Alexei slowly walked forwards towards Eric who walked towards him while holding the head cover mask in his hands. He reached Eric, both men equal in height, and placed a hand on his son’s left shoulder as his other hand, palm touched his forehead. 
Eric, Alexei saw jerked his head up shutting his eyes as he spoke “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever.”  
He removed his hand from Eric’s forehead and placed it on his son’s right shoulder staring at him as Eric opened his eyes with his face forming a glare. 
Alexei spoke “It’s good to see you again, Eric, remember your people’s mission.” 
Eric nodded his head as he lowered his hands from touching his son’s shoulders. 
He continued speaking “See that he is returned to his world now.” 
He watched as Eric placed the head cover mask back on his head and then turned around towards the door. One of the Zeskaya opened it as Eric walked to stand in front of the doorway. He watched as the Zeskaya placed hands on Eric’s shoulders and then the walked through the doorway disappearing in flashes of light. 
Alexei frowned as he heard two feminine voices speaking in his mind “I’m Erra, I’m Terra.”
He mentally spoke “Meritanians, mind walking sentient plant life forms.”
He heard a female voice speak “Your right, this is Erra. About those Highlanders having your granddaughter and her husband, well they captured a third person when they were kidnapping those two.” 
He grumbled hearing the words as another female voice spoke “This is Terra, the female in question is named Sue Ulian. I believe she’s a friend of Lisha’s. She told Lisha about Bruce shooting Kurt who is not remorseful. They’ve been arguing on that subject Lisha insisting that Bruce didn’t kill Kurt but knocked him out as in darting him while Sue has been insisting that Bruce killed Kurt by shooting him. The Highlanders are planning another visit to acquire about Kurt and his demise. I believe you have it on tape.”
He sighed and went to his desk drawer yanking it open showing an enclosed DVD labeled “Eric kills Kurt.”
He exhaled a breath as he took the DVD out and heard his phone ringing which he took out and spoke “Yes?”
He heard the voice of Leland his communications officer speaking “The Highlanders’ helicopter have been sighted and their headed this way appearing to land without permission.”
Alexei shut the phone off and groaned loudly. He put away the phone and walked out of his office towards the airplane hanger room while walking a maze of hallways and stairwells. He reached the room to see Kaison standing in the doorway with arms folded back to outside with his lips in a line appearing to be annoyed. He went to the doorway and peered to see a still helicopter sitting with two Highlanders standing in front of it with blank looks on their faces. 
Alexei groaned out loud “Kaison come with me.”
He heard Kaison give off a growl as the Drainer followed him to the Highlanders. 
He reaching them frowned as one spoke in a monotone accent “You have what we want.”   
He tossed the DVD to a Highlander who caught it with a hand and frown as another spoke “Not today.” 
He shook his head of disgust and walked away while hearing the helicopter behind him roar its noise. He kept walking as the wind from the blades whipped his short white hair around. Sighing he entered the airplane hanger room with groan and frowned seeing Dan leaning on a mop handle with a dreamy look on his face. 
He barked “Dan! I didn’t give you the job to daydream!”
Alexei narrowed his eyes in a glare as Dan shook his head and began swabbing the floor with his mop while dumping part of it in a bucket then swabbed the floor again. 
He spoke “Kaison keep Dan working will you.”
He heard Kaison growl from behind him as he left the airplane hangar to his quarters walking a maze of stairwells and hallways. He went to his bedroom to his bed and lied on it eyes staring at the ceiling with a frown on his face.  He sighed and closed his eyes falling asleep.     

Kaison as he dubs himself really Jimo a Drainer, at night fall, in Airplane hanger room of the water ship keeps doors open by saying “I hear a drainer sucking neck sound.” 
Goes out in the darkness and returns with two wolves on his shoulders and a female holding his arm looking out of it. Their sent to medical. 

Alexei wakes up in morning by Samantha the medical doctor waking him up from bed “I inists on you being up awake! I have something to tell you of the wolves and female we identified as Sue Ulian!” 
Alexei goes to medical bay to see one wolf lying unconscious as the other wolf awake snapping at people trying to help. Alexei goes to snapping wolf and touches shoulder refusing to back down. Wolf changes form to Bruce Arkov, his granddaughter’s husband with anger on his face. 
Alexei signs the words “Lisha’s Grandfather” which Bruce’s anger leaves him. 
Bruce hauls up the wolf and follows Alexei to a room where Lisha in wolf form is laid on the double bed with Bruce lying on her in a wolf form. Alexei stays in room waiting as Lisha wakes up turning form as Bruce does the same. 
She identifies “This is Alexei” to Bruce “as my grandfather from my father’s side.” and tells Alexei “King Winter arriving in the prison cells we kept in with Sue and takes us out which I don’t remember what happened next.” 
Lisha falls asleep with Bruce cuddling her as he signs “King Winter wound up knocking out various people using cold forms of ice onto them despite not remembering what happened then. Sorry Alexei, I can’t help in that matter.” 
Alexei feels frustration wounds up to goes to visit Sue who spoke “I have to warn you of Bruce raping Lisha in my presence after her being told of him shooting Kurt. I saw the video of Eric killing Kurt with those two present. I saw Bruce get mad throwing a tantrum which Lisha had to calm him down. King Winter arrived and took us out of the prison to here where he sucked my neck drinking from me then left me as Kaison arrived to bring us here.” 
Alexei later as night arrives told “Lisha and Bruce are fighting in their wolf forms! Lisha has been heard screaming in terror in her Human form when Bruce and she are in Human forms in their room!” 
As a result Alexei learns “They are kept separated in different rooms. Bruce is kept in his room by a restraint he is wearing that will knock him out if he leaves his room while Lisha is in her room demanding to be left alone.” 
Alexei goes to his quarters to lie on the couch. He gets dream of a hung Lisha with a ropey object around her neck attached to a beam in a room. Alexei can’t sleep goes to Lisha’s room turns on the light while closing the door. He sees ropey object next to armchair Lisha is sitting in with a glare on her face. 
He goes to her “I’m asking” in sign language “if you are alright?” 
Lisha attacks him with her fists knocking him to the floor. 
Alexei manages to sign “You have children! Don’t abandon them!” 
Lisha knocks him out with several fists in his face. Alexei astral projects himself seeing her get up walking towards the door which slams open as three figures he recognizes as the Elementals walk in the room. Lisha he sees pauses from movements as Teorjer zaps his body with electricity bolts. Alexei finds himself back in his body gets up and touches Lisha’s shoulder getting her attention. 
He signs “You under the virus wrote that you had children. There are three of them in front of you.” 
Lisha he sees has shocked expression on her face has he hears a loud voice in his head say “Mother!” 
He sees Lisha turn her head to stare at the Elementals while walking towards them. 
Elementals group hug Lisha then let go as Alexei signs to her “Sue told me that she saw Bruce forcing himself on you.” 
Alexei adds “A question of what’s going on.” 
Lisha signs “One of my pregnancies while underneath the virus’ control was a result of a rape by a male who is dead. I have been scared to mate in the Human form. Bruce has been trying to get me to get over being scared and mate with him in the Human form. I think Bruce got mad at me for letting fear control me and forced me to mate him in the Human form. I got upset about along with getting freaked out.” 
Alexei signs “You should go to Bruce and work things out.” 
Lisha he sees leaves the room with him following. He stands in hallway and sees her enter Bruce’s room closing the door. 
Alexei hears Elementals say voice in head “Elementals take Alexei to someplace!” 
He spoke “I must protests!” as a ball of fire water and electricity surround him which he moves his feet feeling the ball’s movements. 
The ball reverts to show a familiar room which is where the Zeskaya meet. 
Alexei narrows his eyes and speaks “Ay Kabaiya, we will live forever, live forever!” in foreign language. 
The Zeskaya appear from hidden invisibility states. 
One of the Zeskaya he sees walks forwards to place hand on his shoulder while speaking in a familiar voice “Brother.” 
Alexei puts his hand on the Zeskaya’s shoulder as spoke “I must mentions fathering a son named Eric who’s appearance is twin to a Sun Lord called Dictator.” 
He hears his brother speak “We have met Eric courtesy of the Elementals bringing him here. The Seer here in the room has confirmed with others identifying him as your son.” 
Alexei is returned, goes to his office to stand staring out the window which blast doors slam over them along with the doors to the room slamming close. 
Alexei is confused takes out cell phone “I’m asking what’s going on?” 
Leland says “I’m apologizing and that I was ordered, Alexei.” which Alexei spoke “I asks who ordered you to do this.” 
Leland says “Medical Doctor Samantha. The position is for Humans and not non Humans.” 
Alexei hears a dial tone followed by a beeping sound that indicates that his cell phone is no longer working goes to sit in chair at the desk while staring at the door. He puts cell phone on the desk and orders lights off verbally which they turn off. In the darkness with him seeing night vision he stares at the doorway to the room thinking of his Granddaughter Lisha and along with memory of meeting her in private on her wedding day. 
He recalls Lisha told him “You’re not human because I could sense that.” 
Alexei remembers leaving during the wedding to the cruise ship to sit in his quarters’ staring at the walls with her comment echoing in his head. He is brought out of his reverie when the lights turn on by themselves followed by smoke coming from the grating on the ceiling billowing into the room. 
The smoke makes him feel sleepy and as he falls unconscious he mutters “Goodbye Lisha.” 
Alexei finds himself floating above his body watching the scene as people wearing riot gear and air breathing masks come into the room with one he recognizes as Doctor Samantha pushing a wheelchair towards him. He watches as the doctor places an oxygen mask on his face and the riot geared people place him on the wheelchair and doctor wheels him out of the room. Alexei follows her escorted by the rioted geared people pushing him to a set of stairs where the riot geared people carry the wheelchair down till they reach the end of the stairs and there’s a door in the wall with a console. Alexei recognizes it as the cryogenic tube room and watches as the wheelchair is lowered and the doctor pushes it into the room to one of the consoles in the wall which a riot geared person presses a button and a tube bed comes out with no glass cover on it. He watches as the doctor takes off the oxygen mask off his face as the riot geared people put his body onto the bed as a glass cover comes over his body and he sees the doctor speaking words unheard to the console next to the tube which the tube goes into the wall. Alexei finds himself in a lying position as if he is in the tube in the wall staring at the blue laser light that is going up and down his body with glass over it. He finds that his eyes are closed as he stares at the laser moving up and down his body. 
He mentally speaks to himself “Lisha who I won’t see again thinking that the tube is set to keep me asleep till my body’s functions shut down till I dies. They’ll keep me in it preserved for further tests after my death.” 
He mentally thinks “I won’t be around to see if Lisha will have more children fathered by Bruce. I realizes what the blue laser light is.” and groans recognizing it as a body monitor that is monitoring his body as the tube is keeping him frozen but alive to live another day. 
He groans to himself “My knowledge of things from having my high position must be why the doctor had me put in a tube. They couldn’t let me live among the population with mind walking Highlanders scanning people while learning secrets from their scans.” 
Alexei finds himself back in his body feeling cold and feels a vibration of the tube bed moving and feels a prick of pain in his neck which he jerks his eyes open while coughing. He sees Lieutenants Janie Conway and James Jones standing next to his bed both with concern on their faces. 
Conway speaks “Jones hacked into Doctor Samantha’s personal file in the computer which reveals her as General Jon Logan’s baby sister.” 
Alexei is annoyed as he recalls General Logan is an enforcer of the Humans hold high positions and not non Humans rule along with another memory of a ten year old girl he knows is called Sam. He gets up with the help of Janie and James and walks to the door of the room which opens to show Doctor Samantha with a glare on her face and four armed riot geared guards. 
Alexei speaks “Samantha is General Logan’s baby sister who I met when she was ten years old. It explains why she seemed familiar when she started working here and now recognizes her. She’s a spy who has been leaking secret information to General Logan and the higher ups in the government them seemingly knowing things that are secret around here.” 
Samantha he sees gets an angry look on her face as one of her guards grab her as another injects her with a needle knocking her out. Guards haul Samantha to the tube Alexei vacated and put her in it with Alexei locking her in by his hand print as code. Alexei mentions to Janie and James “I’m not Human-“ 
Janie interrupts “We don’t care!” 
James speaks “We rather have someone we know and trust regardless their Human or not than a Human who’s a stranger leading us.” 
Janie says “Its not just us thinking that but all over the warship with some of Logan’s supporters forced to accept you as our leader after word got out that Samantha was Logan’s baby sister and a spy who was blabbing secret things to other people.” 
Alexei goes to airplane hanger room escorted by Janie and James who he sees soldiers do hand salute whenever he walks by them on the way to the room and in the room. 
One of the officers Kenny stops in front of Alexei and says with disgust in his voice “General Logan is aboard and is being escorted to the One’s location.” 
Alexei can see that Kenny has a disgusted expression on his face. Alexei stands and waits as General Logan a long haired blonde with goggle sunglasses over his eyes on his face and gloved hands arrive. 
Logan is rude to Alexei speaking in a nasty tone “Alexei isn’t Human and should be removed from position.” 
Alexei remarks calmly “Doctor Samantha is the General’s baby sister who was revealed to be a spy. There being secret information leaked out to the General along with higher ups to the government. I had Samantha deposed.” 
General Logan starts sputtering in gibberish which Kaison standing besides Alexei speaks “The General is sprouting Hammarabbi a language no Drainer can translate but can recognize it.” 
Alexei is at the moment interrupted by Kenny who says “The Highlanders’ helicopter has been sighted and their landing without permission.” 
Alexei gives Logan a glare and speaks “Logan and guards and Kaison should escort me to the helicopter.” 
Alexei turns and walks out followed by Kaison and a still sputtering General. He sees the helicopter land which Highlanders come out hauling a stretcher with a male form with short blonde hair and silver metallic clothing on him unconscious. Alexei turns to face General Logan who faint falling unconscious which Alexei bents down and yanks off the General’s glove and sees the hand is clawed like the unconscious male on the stretcher bed. 
He remarks out loud “The General is not human but a non Human and wonders if Samantha knew about it.”
Alexei out in the hallway watching TV monitors that show a room with the unconscious General without his goggles on his face and gloves on his hands. He sees the unconscious male is lying on a bed next to the bed the General is on. TV monitors show Logan waking up shaking his head and groaning loudly then the monitor show him getting up from the bed and walking to the unconscious male which he places a bare hand on the male’s forehead. The male, Alexei sees on monitors wakes up with a groaning sound and starts speaking gibberish which Logan speaks back in gibberish. 
Kaison standing next to Alexei speaks “Their speaking in Hammarabbi.” as Logan and the male converse in foreign language. 
Kaison at the moment Drainer feeds off Alexei knocking him out unconscious.

Alexei finds himself in his quarters remembers some things about his life on Earth while lying on his bed asleep or between sleeping periods while coughing from some medical ailment. The medical ailment would later kill his body something the High Council did to him via sickening him with a sick Human female having a coughing ailment virus into her. The virus wound up later caught by Kaison drinking from Alexei hence he knocking the male unconscious. Kaison wound up later getting the inhabitants of the Zeskaya alerted of the sicknesses. 

Alexei while he lies sick in bed recalls a painful memory of himself on Earth being in a metal box wearing no clothes which the bottom drops open. He is falling landing on the ground on his stomach and feels a powerful wind storm flying around scattering the dirt which he covers his eyes and then storm stops. He finds himself in a forest at nighttime and stands up as a torch light appear and he sees a Human male. 
He would later learn spoke in Russian language “I’m called Vladimir Zesky.” who takes him to his home.
He wound up introduced to the male’s wife “This is as Alexei who I introduce to me meets my wife Beata along with our daughter who is pregnant which he is a solution to a problem.”
Alexei later learns the daughter is said “My name is named Katherine.” who he would later insisted by Vladimir “Please take Katherine as your wife claiming her baby as yours!”
Alexei wound up doing that despite confused to why’s Vladimir spoke “If it’s a son Alexei Zesky Junior but a daughter will be known as Beata Katherine.” 
Alexei recalls the Zesky family giving him clothes to wear along with teaching him things and teaching him how to speak their languages. The languages were Russian then English while living on a farm with them as Katherine gets further along with pregnancy. He remembers one day seeing out the window a convoy of vehicles called cars arrive at the house and see people come out of the cars towards the house which he watches as Vladimir comes out confronting the people. 
“Vladimir Zesky you idiot!” he heard one say “Did you do this to Katherine your own daughter?!”
Alexei stupidity didn’t know that the people were accusing Vladimir of raping his own daughter via drunken status despite she revealed to have what’s Human females have intact with a hole at the birth of her child as examined by the doctor. The doctor to this day is still confused to why’s she’s got pregnant without sexual means including having that holey area in her private that indicated it. Alexei would later get the answer to her pregnancy’s origins later.

As I was saying Alexei goes to the front door to hear the people saying “Bring out that whore Katherine! She’s not married and expecting a baby! Vladimir you idiot impregnanted her didn’t you?!”
Alexei via compulsion of hearing a Builder’s talk sounding of Beata’s voice comes out of the house to stand next to Vladimir towering over the man with a glare on his face. He sees the crowd becomes silent with looks on their faces that he later would learn was shock. 
Vladimir gives him barely a glance before speaking in English firmly “I’m introducing Alexei as an immigrant from Russia who has taken my last name. He is the father of Katherine’s baby despite your rudeness towards my daughter and me. Alexei hates the spotlight and wants to keep himself private.” 
Peoples he watches turns around and leaves via cars which he and Vladimir go back inside the house. 

Alexei in the present day recalls Beata helping him dress up in a suit and with Katherine wearing a white dress still heavy pregnant is driven by Vladimir in a car to a building. They go inside and he meets a judge who marries Alexei and Katherine. 

Alexei again in the present day remembers later several days later Katherine going in labor while walking with her in the forest which he carries her to the house and she gives birth with Vladimir and Beata’s help to a boy baby given the name Alexei. 
The doctor at the time of birth remarked “Odd her moon is intact despite a hole!”
Alexei wound up hearing from Beata speaking foreign language that sounded like words he translated later “Drat! The High Council must have found us again!”
Alexei at his memories wound up recalling the language was Summeran some ancient died out language in planet Earth that was no longer spoken. It took the transfer to planet Shadan to figure out who the mysterious High Council that Beata was talking about a group of manipulative Highlanders or mind walking Asians with pointed ears and considered elf for hybrids or elves for more than one.  

Alexei in the present day broke off his reverie to remember when Alexei junior was about fifteen years old two years after Vladimir and Beata’s sickness death really the Najinov family’s manipulations onto them involving the flu vaccine. He was contacted by an asylum run by a powerful Russian family with the last name Najinov. Najinov was originally from Germany who did medical experiments onto people which they adopted the Russian form of their name to hide themselves from victims in World War Two. It was the Najinovs who forced him to become the Asylum’s figurehead president to some male named Broderick O'Neil running things behind the scenes. Alexei became the actual leader of the asylum after O'Neil's death along with the asylum declared on taking his last name as the name of the Asylum. The Najinov’s weren’t alone with threatening Alexei as the government’s officials aware of the asylum’s real purpose thru threats of harming his son who they mysteriously found out his son’s non Human side. Junior’s non Human side was the ability to change into a wolf and back. 

Alexei shook his head recalling after he became head of the asylum they used the threat of harming Alexei Junior to do tests on he despite they saying “We saw an odd mark of a belly button onto your back no Humans have as a result.” 
The memory at the moment was when Alexei realized to himself “I’m a clone!”
He recalled the memory as if disgusted to realize he was originally cloned but didn’t know who he was cloned from or where he originated. As for Eric Zesky’s origins it was the idea of one of the Najinovs who he is unsure who for him to father a son thru one of the asylum’s females. One of those females was Anya Lake Kossman herself who’s brain organ wound up implanted into a Zeskaya medical cruise ship as a test to determine if her brain organ can control machinery on the Zeskaya like a computer. 

Alexei remembered when he was still laid in bed. His son Alexei Junior comes in with a glare on his face. 
Alexei still coughing spoke “I’m confused to see you despite me sick.” which Junior places a DVD disk on the coffee table and mentions “Alexei fathering a son called Eric which the DVD shows his birth. Alexei telling a man recognized as Kossman to take Eric as his son. The DVD includes a self tape of Alexei admitting Eric as his son while in a cryogenic tube room.” 
Alexei spoke “I is shocked to hear this!” as Junior angrily tells him “Alexei is to stay away from me and my family or I’ll have Alexei arrested!” which Alexei spoke while coughing “I must protests!”
Junior cuts him off by speaking “I know that Alexei isn’t my father biologically and never was my father.” 
Junior abruptly leaves the room leaving Alexei who stares at the door with shock on his face. 
Alexei gets angry stands up to pace despite he’s sick which he angrily speaks “Damn Samantha has been blabbing secrets to the government.” mentions “She blabbed to my own son Junior about me fathering Eric to my family a betrayal.” he adds to himself “I’ll never forgive.” 
His phone rings and he answers it in a bad mood which he hears his communications officer speaking “General Logan is in the cryogenic tube room demanding his sister freed!” Alexei cuts off by hanging up. 
He goes out of his quarters to the cryogenic tube room to meet General Logan there who is whining in some whiny voice “I’m pleading to free Samantha!” which he coughing into the male’s face spoke “I refuses!” and with anger running through him knocks out the General with a fist in the face. 
He goes to Samantha’s tube spoke “I voice orders the tube to kill Samantha!” then hauls the General into a tube alone without any guards’ help. 
Guards are outside in the stairwell avoiding Alexei and his coughing plague.
Alexei snarls “I order General Logan frozen!” which he leaves cryogenic tube room to the stairs. 
He loses it falling to a sitting position wailing a bit loudly while still coughing “Samantha’s traitorous talking destroyed my relationship with my family something I valued the most!” wails “I’ll never get back!” 
He calms down goes to his office to stand staring out the window lost in thought thinking of Katherine his wife Junior’s mother who died of cancer two years before Lisha granddaughter married Bruce. 
He mentally speaks to himself “I’m wishing Katherine being alive so I could talk to her for I miss her. There were things I didn’t get to tell her. I regret not saying to her.” 
His phone breaks his train of thought which he answers to hear his communications officer saying “The Highlanders’ helicopter have been sighted and are heading towards the ship appearing to land without permission!” 
Alexei groans softly then hangs up and goes to the airplane hanger room to meet the Highlanders standing in front of their helicopter. He goes up to followed by Kaison and four guards. 
Highlanders speak ignoring Alexei’s coughing fits “We have Alexei’s son Junior and expect payment for his release.” 
Alexei allows anger to take control speaks “I won’t have anything to do with Junior I calls bastard!” and mentions “The Highlanders should give my regards to Junior.” 
He turns to walk off which Highlanders speak “The price of Junior’s freedom is Samantha who we refer as Medical Doctor Samantha Logan. We want to exchange for.” 
Alexei gets a little annoyed which Kaison takes him aside and whispers in his ear “The Bony people told me their racial name as Wiser. They suspect Samantha is one of those Humans who don’t care about hurting people’s feelings except her own. She’s sort of like to hurt people’s feelings hence her blabbing secrets to the government to hurt people as in bringing them down.” 
Alexei is really annoyed which Kaison adds “The Highlanders have ways of torturing people especially like torturing people who don’t care about people’s feelings as a way of punishing them.” 
Alexei spoke “I order the Highlanders to wait while I get Samantha.” 
He goes to cryogenic tube room with Kaison following frees Samantha out of the tube which the Drainer carries an out of it Samantha to the Highlanders who take her away. They were really High Council servants taking away Alexei’s only medical help to his coughing ailment a virus hitting him via Sue Ulian. As helicopter hovers in the air drops a cage with a grey wolf in it then flies away. Alexei goes to the cage frees the wolf and yanks off collar off which changes form to Junior.
Alexei is sarcastic still coughing “I’m ordering Junior off the ship who I expects to do right away!” 
Alexei walks away which he hears Junior speaking “I apologize!” behind him pauses from his walk to frown as Junior walks in his line of sight to speak “My words in your quarters were not appropriate! I want to take them back!”
Alexei asks him “What about the turn around behavior?” which Junior speaks “The Highlanders asked me questions about my anger towards Alexei. I recalled my mother Katherine talking to me on her deathbed before she died about Alexei fathering a son. She is aware of because the son’s mother Anya told her of this after granddaughter Lisha was born.” 
Alexei spoke still coughing like an idiot “I’m shocked to hear!” which Junior adds “Katherine told me she never mentioned knowing this to Alexei who never brought this up or talked about it.” 
Alexei asks Junior “If there are other members of the family that know of this?” 
Junior responds “Katherine told me that the idea of Alexei fathering a child came from my wife’s Father Vladimir Zesky who told Katherine of this. She told me this talk I dismissed as a joke but realized later after viewing this recording its true. I’m sorry I thought wrongly.”
Alexei spoke “You have my acceptance.”
Junior appeared to not want to hug Alexei by his coughing fits instead insisted “I got to go home and go talk to my family about this. Sorry Daddy!”
Alexei wound up dismissing Junior from him whom Junior takes a hasty retreat in a wolf form off the boat to Alexei not stupidity not getting it that the wolf form was Junior caught the virus from him. 
Alexei while standing on the deck is alerted by an officer “There’s a camera view screen in Samantha’s office aimed at a tube in the life room with a figure inside that was viewed in the life room. We want Alexei to come see himself.” 
He goes to the tube life room escorted by an officer to meet another officer who takes him to the tube and on the way they hear grunts of groaning sounds. They dart towards the direction to see an officer lying on the floor in front of a tube lying on its side with liquid pooling at an end. Alexei frowns as he sees an outline of a naked person which he realizes is invisible to them which he eyes. He sees the person charge towards one of his officers who goes down as if fisted in the head then sees his other officer take off running which he stands frowning. 
He eyes the outline that walk towards him which he speaks “Hello?” 
He feels his neck grabbed and feels he gagged by a clawed hand which he feels the arm with both hands as the figure become solid revealing them. He sees with shock that the figure is a naked Eric with long black hair who has a glare on his face and he feels the hand on his neck tighten gagging him. 
Alexei manages to choke out “Eric?” with confusion in his voice. 
Eric abruptly let goes of him to roll his golden eyes and watches him hit the floor fainting away. 
Alexei catches his breath as officers arrive running towards him with worried expressions on their faces. 
He spoke “I orders Eric sent to medical for tests!” which the officers spoke “We must remind the one that we don’t have a doctor for that. The nurses say their not qualified for this.” 
Alexei frowns hearing this add “We should give Eric clothes and put him a padded room and see how he’ll do once he wakes up.” 
He hears groaning noises sees the officer on the floor waking up which the officers help along with lifting an unconscious Eric up taking him away which he follows them out of the room. Alexei peers through the door to the padded room to spot Eric get up and watches the man go to the mirror which he opens door and walks into the room and see Eric look at him with shock on his face. 
He speaks “Eric?” and hears from Eric speaking in Kurpanov’s voice “”I’m Kurpanov and not Eric.” 
Alexei gets into another coughing fit, I don’t remember what happened next but remember Alexei is told “The Highlanders’ helicopter is seen want permission to land!” which he spoke “I grant!” 
Alexei goes to the helicopter with Kaison where they pull out a stretcher with a man laying on it that looks familiar to him. 
Highlanders tell him “You’re to depose the man we refer as Jinks Montreal but make sure Jinks still lives. We’ll leave your family alone once Jinks Montreal is contained into a trap.” 
Alexei inside hanger room spoke “I ask about putting Jinks in a vertical tube.” which one of the soldiers there tell him “We don’t have authorization to rig the vertical tube to keep Jinks alive.” adds “Only Doctor Samantha had the authorization.” 
Alexei wound up bothering him about Jinks’ familiarity some prodding by the Meritanians mind scanning him at the time despite his coughing fits.
 He spoke “I orders Jinks to a patient room. I requests to be told when Jinks wakes up so I can talk to him.” 
His orders get obeyed and Jinks is put in a room with a medical cat recorder. Alexei still has that instinct feeling goes to his office to look at files thinking to himself “I’m wondering why the man Jinks is familiar.” which a thunder and lightening storm starts booming and flashing outside his windows. 
He still can’t find his answer via files despite some deleting done by Samantha herself doing it on orders of the High Council. 
Alexei still cluessless to that High Council’s manipulation thinks “I figure its best to ask Jinks himself.” 
Alexei after that thinking goes to the patient room and looks at the monitors to stare at Jinks asleep. He stiffens seeing Jinks jerk with back arched a grimace on the man’s face and hands in fists. He continues to watch and then Jinks abruptly sits up awake and appearing to be gulping air. Alexei frowns as an image of a tapestry looking old flashes in his mind which he sees a picture of a man on it wearing clothing that look medieval and the man has Jinks’ face. 
Alexei frowns to himself “I’m wondering why I’m getting that image.” till he stiffens of shock as another memory comes to his mind.
Alexei wound up having his mind scanned by a Meritanian unknown doing it on the High Council’s orders for memories of Lance Richard on planet Earth. He sees in the mind a memory of living with the Zeskys while a few days after being found by Vladimir exploring the house comes to the third floor to hear chanting noises. He goes up the stairs slowly to spot Vladimir and Beata with Katherine all in a kneeling pose backs to him all facing a tapestry hung on a wall. He sees the tapestry is of a man wearing medieval clothing with Jinks’ face. He continues to watch with a frown while feeling confused as the three continued chanting their words in a language he later learned was Russian. 
Alexei frowns as the words in Russian come to his mind which he stiffen hearing the words are the Zeskaya chant words of “Ay Kabaiya!”
Nothing involving “Death cannot touch us we will live forever, live forever."
Alexei is rather confused at the time from recalling that memory involving the Zeskaya chant words despite not realizing that worshippers of the Lancelot religion have taken it up for believing in Lance Richard. He frowns some more as another memory comes to his mind which he recalled after Katherine had her son who was a year old. 
Alexei was brought to the attic room and shown the tapestry and told “The man in the tapestry was called the Master an immortal all knowing king who rules with a gentle hand. He when he communicates its through people whose eyes that turn night sky colored and a different voice tone.” 
Alexei frowns of the memories turns eyes the door but his feet refuses to move. He hears male voices sounding like the elementals “We’re ordering you to not to go into the room till after the storm is over with!” 
He feels confused hears a gasp sound and looks at his right to see Lisha standing next to him her eyes staring at the monitors with shock on her face. 
He signs “A question of what got you shocked?” which she signs “My father showed me a tapestry looking old of a male with the man in the room’s face at his house once. My father mentioned to me that it’s his religious beliefs. My father in the past called his religion Christianity and refers himself as a Christian but has stopped referring himself as that after he showed me the tapestry. My father won’t tell me much about the man in the tapestry but only said that he is called the Master. Father has refused to tell me more about it without a price tag of me believing in his beliefs.
 Something my mother has said ‘I insisted to you to balk believing!’ after discussing my father’s religious belief to my mother.” 
Alexei frowns as he signs “Lisha, your grandmother my wife had your father’s beliefs and passed them on to him. I was shown a tapestry like that male’s face. I was told it was of the Master an immortal all knowing King who rules with a gentle hand.”
Alexei balks telling Lisha about the master communicating through people and the change people get when he does that after getting a bad feeling running through him. He eyes Lisha who frowns on her face then watches her sign “My grandfather said was correct about the Master. I learned from my mother who informed me of that.
My Mother wound up telling me ‘Believers seemed to view the Master like Christianity’s all seeing god and sometimes mix up Christianity with their religion while believing in the Master.’” 
Alexei gets the feeling again looks at Lisha hard who is staring at the monitors and then she looks at him with all black eyes and a smile on her lips before fading from view in a puff of white smoke. Alexei stiffens blinking his eyes to find himself leaning against the wall sideways near the monitors with head on the wall while feeling a hand patting his cheek. He jerks his eyes open to see Janie looking at him with concern in her face while patting his cheek. 
He stares at her with confusion as she speaks “I saw the one looking like he fell asleep standing up while leaning against the wall. I have been trying to wake him up for a few minutes which he was slow acknowledging me despite halting his coughing fits.” Alexei gives off coughing fits as he speaks “I’m requesting that next time the Highlanders visit with their helicopter remind me to ask them for a medical doctor who is qualified to handle the Zeskaya ship’s facilities.” 
He sees a frown on Janie’s face who speaks “The Highlanders visited the Zeskaya by car earlier and has brought a doctor a Human male along with them for the Zeskaya ship’s facilities. The male seems to know how to use them when they tested him on getting some of the soldiers tested themselves. The Highlanders’ stay was short only to say to one of the soldiers to tell the one that they should test Jinks and see if he is Human, a Hybrid or another Human like species.” 
He nods his head of agreement and then peers at the monitors to see Jinks is still sitting up while appearing to be gulping air through his mouth and eyes the door. 
He hears the elementals’ voices telling him “Alexei is to wait till the storm is over to go into Tam’s room.” 

Tam in question is the original of cloned copies of Jinks Montreal known as Tam-Mykola MacLeod as named by the High Council. It’s Tam himself who’s causing the High Council some inner problems despite them picking onto others in some nasty way of coping with Tam’s ghostly astral projection form as dubbed. Tam not sure what happened to him from what I know of him soon after the High Council left the planet on a Builder dubbed Georgina Visser’s voiced order. The life of Tam makes me suspects that Tam is still contained somewhere on the High Council’s base learning to live life without a tube despite the current High Council not so nasty nowadays.

As I was saying Alexei speaks “Janie that once the storm is finished I’ll have Jinks tested.” and adds “I don’t trust the storm to screw the results by knocking out the power.” as the lights above blink on and off once. 
He sees Janie nod her head and then she speaks “The one should go to his quarters and get some sleep for he looks like he’s exhausted. The one has probably not recovered from being in the cryogenic tube from the coughing noises he’s giving.” 
Alexei doesn’t protest nods his head and feels Janie’s hand on his arm pulling him away from the monitors through a maze in the ship to his quarters which she leaves him. Alexei in his quarters feels hands on his back as he walks through his bedroom doorway to find himself in the cryogenic tube room with one tube open showing a figure appearing to be Eric his son inside. Alexei darts towards it and takes a look at him to notice he has scaly skin and figures that he’s not Eric. Only to feel stabbing pain in his back that feels a like a sword stabbing him falls to his knees and feels his hand grabbed put onto the monitor console and opens the tube Eric’s twin is in it. He’s released to hit the floor going unconscious to float above his body watching as Eric’s twin remained asleep as a Zeskaya appear shaking Eric’s twin on the shoulder who remains sleeping and sees the Zeskaya hit the ground with a loud groan sound followed by form still. Alexei sees his guard dubbed Shadow by others but actually a son of Kurpanov Kossman dubbed Eric who lifts him up and sees the scene change to show Shadow hauling him to a gate and then the scene goes black. 
Alexei comes to feeling claws holding him up along with a headache and hears a female voice sounding Meritanian like yelling in his mind “This manoid needs medical attention now! Your killing him by not letting his companion hauls him through the gate to someplace for medical help!” 
Alexei hears nothing else as he passes out unconscious to come to finding he lying on a bed clothes off his form. Alexei feels like he’s wearing a hospital gown on his form with a blanket up to his chest and jerks open his eyes looking around with confusion to feel his hand grabbed by a gloved hand. Alexei jerks looking off his left to see that the hand’s owner is Shadow himself.
Alexei feels confused seeing Shadow there and speaks sounding in a sore throat voice “I’m asking what happened to me? I recalling someone transported me off Shadan to someplace else then stabbed me from behind. I remember feeling someone lifting me up and dragging me before clawed hands grabbed a hold of me. There was someone was screaming about me needing medical help before I passed out unconscious to wake up here.” 
He stares at Shadow who releases his hand to sign hand language “After seeing the One disappear through a doorway I found myself in a forest facing a gate. I told by a male Meritanian I figured was Ramses to go through and got an image of a place in my mind. I went through to see in some room where the One was lying on the floor and there was a figure identified as a Zeskaya shaking some guy with some weird facial look on the shoulder while lying in some bed. I hid myself going to the Zeskaya punching the idiot out unconscious then lifted up the One and found myself with him in some gate room. I tried to haul through the gate but bony figures with veins popping appeared in the room.” Alexei thinks “Their Banshees.” as Shadow continues signing “They got a hold of the One and refused to let me haul him through the gate. I wound up releasing the One as several of those figures got a hold of me and pushed me through the gate. I found myself alone in the One’s quarters in the living room feeling frustrated with the species’ interference till there was banging on the quarters door went to answer.” 
He frowns as Shadow continues signing “Guards were at the door saying ‘The One’s tracker signal said he’s in his quarters in distress.’ which I figured was the bedroom darted into it followed by the guards to find the One lying in bed unconscious from looks of him. The One was transported right to medical for through tests which a stab wound on his back was found along with operated to see if there were any internal damage. There wasn’t any but his implants were replaced due to that the tests indicated that they were failing and outlived their usefulness hence he getting new ones.” 
Alexei senses Shadow isn't fully telling him anything manages to say “You’re not fully telling me anything fully.” but Shadow signed “I refuses to tell you.” 
Alexei frowned as there was a whining squeal followed by a male figure appearing into the room. 
He frowned eyeing the male warily with Barry’s face but had longer blonde hair and golden eyes of a Builder with a muscular form.
The male spoke sounding odd to Alexei “Shadow manages to omit the new medical doctor has given the One another body guard which is me called Breaker.”
Alexei sees that Breaker is some weird hybrid Human Builder he not sure where he came from. Alexei recalls fully himself some memories in his mind involving a High Council servant named Mindbender being the cause of his implant uses by trying to bring him down with mental abilities to his disgust. 
He mentally yells “Ramses!” to get the Meritanian blaring in his mind “What you want?” 
“Mindbender transported to my quarters for a talk right away.” He said.
Alexei gets up and gets dressed despite “I must object!” by medical doctor he ignores and goes to his quarters. 
Alexei sits on his couch and finds Mindbender appear into sight he recognizes is some odd Human that makes him repulsive towards him.
Alexei spoke “I confront Mindbender.” in his quarters with three of his guards there.
Only to get transported to the High Council’s throne room and the group tell him “You’re to stop on interfering with our ordered assassinations!”
Alexei spoke with sarcasm “Why should I do that?”
He gave the High Council a glare of annoyance as he found a light show followed by a familiar figure appearing into sight he recognized as Barry giving him a golden eyed glare of “Confess your crime.”
Alexei glared in response and spoke “I’m not know it all like the Meritanians or a mind reader so out with it Barry!”
He gave Barry a glare who spoke Builder’s chatter he recognized the words said later “Mindbender put Alexei down asleep now.”
Alexei finds Barry’s order gets Mindbender sensed in the room to put him asleep. He shuts his eyes and feels himself falling into some healing sleep and resists to that. 
Only to feel a compulsion to wake up which he wakes finding himself in a wheelchair in the High Council’s throne room coughing from an oxygen mask. He glare with annoyance running through him as he recalled a memory of himself cloned via what Samantha did towards Eric and Kurpanov. He recalled himself his original body’s brain via Banshees’ manipulation hooked up into the Zeskaya’s main frame computer controlling it like a computer mind. 
Alexei spoke while coughing as he realized his mind wasn’t scanned at the time he thought that memory “You have my loyalty High Council!”
Alexei finds himself via cloned body dying and found new memories coming into his mind as he becomes the mind controlling the Zeskaya ship. 
Alexei gets a computer file of Barry the original himself speaking towards the High Council “I’m tells off the High Council on why they should spare my life.” 
Alexei sees via computer file that Barry after talking to the High Council says via Builder’s chatter orders “I order Meritanians to transport me to the Zesky asylum now.”
Barry’s order gets obeyed transported to Alexei’s quarters to find twin guards twin sons of Shadow there that get him on the bed. Barry via computer monitors falls asleep but senses it’s not the healing sleep to the relief of the male. Computers says that Barry has passes out to sense a light show and show’s Barry’s eyes to discover Mindbender displaying some scary look in the room dubbed Berserker. Alexei sees Barry silently eyes the assassin who narrows eyes staring at him and before the male could say anything feels compelled to sleep which he shuts his eyes and discovers Barry falling into the healing sleep status via computer monitoring the scene.

The storyteller was interrupted "Hence this Nikolai whoever he is, Guardian of Life and Death or Nikolas the leader of the Hayu, acting annoyed towards Edenia's orders to lay off targeting the High Council." He heard from Jimo.
The storyteller glared at Jimo for that interruption who in response who spoke noticing his glare "Sorry Edenia has been using me as a translator between manoids and she transported from planet side Aire to her throne room for a talk despite appearing to be a gonoid when speaking her orders to manoids via me translation."
The storyteller heard thunder booming eyed the sky via the windows seeing it clouded up fast. 
He heard from another recorder typing his words down "Ignore that and just tell me more of the story. Like what happened to Alexei's people reacting to him being a mind brain organ and Barry’s healing sleep?"
The storyteller spoke in response the story. 

Breaker senses Barry in distress darts into Alexei’s room to see Mindbender there which he spoke “I verbally orders Mindbender to sleep! Meritanians transport Mindbender out now!” and sees the assassin disappear in a flash of light while shaking head. 
He triggers the medical alarm in Alexei’s quarters and waits as medical personal arrive taking Barry with them to medical bay due to that their scanners with them aren’t saying what’s going on with the male and that medics saying “We think Barry’s in some healing sleep status judging by him not waking despite ours and Breaker’s attempts to wake him up.” 
Breaker feels depressed as they leave with Barry putting him into a tube for the dead to sleep. He sits on the bed to see a light show showing a sleeping Mindbender and then another light show showing Barry another version of him which turned out to be Ned Garry the cloned copy of him. Breaker is always makes him stand up feeling nervous seeing Barry despite not recognizing him as Ned Garry. 
Ned gives him a golden eyed glare and spoke “I order Breaker to wake Mindbender up period!” 
Breaker obeys due to that Barry is his father and using parental authority over him. He sees Mindbender shake his head waking up but disappears in a flash of light.
 Barry or Ned his eyes stupidity didn’t realize was Ned Garry himself speaks “Destroying one High Council group results in another forming in place. I must mention that the saying includes leaders as one taken down another will take his place. Breaker can’t be the leader to take Alexei’s place due to not having the respect from the people working here. I knows of someone who’ll automatically gain the people’s respect with Breaker I names backing the person up in the leadership status.” 
Breaker doesn’t say a word as Barry disappears in a flash of light. 
He goes to medical bay to find the doctor removing implants from Alexei’s dead body and tells him in some nervous tone “Alexei is actually in some healing sleep status. I don’t know how long his body will heal him up.”
He realizes from the doctor’s nervous tone and babbling words involving Alexei’s being alive and people eyeing him with nervous expressions that their afraid he’s taken the leadership and don’t want him to lead him. Breaker gets an idea on who’ll lead in Alexei’s place leaves the room going to the cryogenic tube room to a tube opening it. Breaker recalled himself tricking Alexei into thinking he uses his hand print to open it when he actually had Alexei program his hand print onto it. He opens tube and eyes the male inside and figures that he’ll use the voice to make him take Alexei’s place period. 

Eric Zesky or Dictator as he's called was transported from Terrania by Meritanians, Merra and Tank on the way to being transported out by Walls and Kiddy stuck on Terra, to Shadan and put down asleep. Eric is just lying asleep in a tube wakes up with a gasp and rubs his head only to feel the bed move followed by a hand shaking his shoulder. Eric as I call him jerks to stare at a male he sees with a frown is appearing to be some kind of hybrid to him who speaks in some odd language in compelling voice tone.
Words sounded of “I order Meritanians to give Jason, as I call him memories of running the Zesky hospital as leader.”
Jason as he’s dubbing himself despite getting the name of Eric in mind repeatedly to his annoyance. Jason groans loudly as memories spill into his mind that he recalls involved his father Alexei including one memory of Alexei’s brain organ hooked up to the Zeskaya ship. 
He wound up with hearing the male add “My name is Breaker, your bodyguard.”
Jason hears the language to find he understanding a word recalling it’s the Human’s language of Summeran he from his memories had trouble being fluent in but with the new memories within him finds himself having no trouble getting it. 
Jason gets up helped by the male Breaker who speaks foreign language in a compelling voice tone saying “Meritanians transport Jason and me to medical bay in the Zeskaya ship now!”
He finds the scene changed to find himself in some medical bay from the looks of it and hears Breaker order loudly in Summeran “Doctor your to get the One checked out!” 
Jason hears the emphasize in the word One to feel Breaker’s hand off of him while noticing the male has jabbed a finger aimed at him. He recalls fully with memories in his mind that Alexei was leader of a group dubbing by them the One.
Jason speaks in Summeran finding him sounding like Alexei “I insist on that medical examination.” 
He gets led to a bed and lays his form onto it staring at the ceiling and finds the doctor there declares him “I declare the One’s fine enough to function without any medical devices. The One is healed up from a drug addiction to a breathing device.” 
He eyes the doctor who speaks relaying Alexei’s medical history along with implants use including “Barry his second in command was found in some healing sleep status. I can’t wake him up regardless of what was done to him and had him transferred to the cryogenic tube room for his body to be safely contained while it heals himself.” 
Jason figures out why he was yanked from that room by Breaker to take Alexei’s place as leader and recalls to himself that Alexei always sounded similar to him by speaking regardless of the language. 
Jason recalls Alexei's twin brother Jon dubbed Leader when a child had whined overheard “Alexei and father sounding the same!” to a servant he trusted to babysit him.
He hears a groan from Breaker who hits the floor and finds himself falling backwards hitting metal along with hands grabbing his arms and a hand gloved clamped over his mouth as he’s forced to stand. 
He finds himself in the High Council’s presence glares at the group as their male speaker speaks in Basic he finding himself getting the language “We have observed you stabbing Alexei Zesky via chest with a sword. Then we observed you disappearing off Shadan before we could question you about the behavior.” 
He keeps his mouth shut as the female speaker spoke “We orders Ramses to scan this Mesan’s Curse’s mind. You’re to tell us the exact reason for the stabbing.” 
Jason feels his mind scanned and figures it’s by a Meritanian to hear from Ramses blaring in a male voice within his mind “The High Council should check records regarding Rakcara that was once ruled by a Mesan’s Curse. One was dictatorial in ruling till his own twin sons Alexei Zesky and another kicked him out of position. They both dumped him onto another planetary world seemed primitive he doesn’t know the name. He fell into some healing sleep status after dumped there and woke up to transport himself to Shadan thinking of punishing his sons for their behavior by stabbing them with the sword weapon hidden in his arm. The father did to Alexei but didn’t do to the other son due to that his son somehow anticipated his arrival and attack had someone switch places from where he normally was in the Mesan’s Curse meeting room. The stabbing was done but soon after that he managed to calm down from his angry mood to verbally tell off his son about the dumping onto some primitive world who apologized for it which he has accepted the apologizing.” 
He doesn’t comment finding that Ramses is hiding some information he has in his mind and keeps his mind blank as the scans continue as the male speaker is heard saying.
 “We’re telling Ramses to manipulate this Mesan’s Curse to a gate and make sure he goes through it to Rakcara. That’s where he belongs-“ 
Only to hear from Ramses “Can’t do that order!” comment and adds “That the Mesan’s Curse was actually exiled off Rakcara after confronting his son while one of the Mesan’s Curse injured him on purpose and used his medical distress status to get him to a travel gate.
They told him ‘We would cut your head off if you returned to Rakcara into our presence.’” 
He stiffens hearing that as Ramses continues to talk “I gleaned this from the minds of Mesan’s Curse from Rakcara that travel to Shadan sometimes accidentally or on purpose to check on Alexei. From their minds have made up their mind that they don’t want anything to do with the Mesan’s Curse dubbed Jason who the High Council have in their presence. They prefer Jason to remain exiled off Rakcara period and are willing to execute him if he returns to Rakcara whether it’s by his own choice or manipulated.” 
He frowns inwardly as Ramses stops talking followed by the male speaker speaking “We’re asking a question of what we should do to Jason.” he not protesting to the name. 
He hears from Ramses “Alexei fell into some healing sleep status by Mindbender manipulating him. The people who saw Alexei as a leader woke up Jason from some frozen sleep status thinking he would take Alexei’s place as their leader. None of the people at the Zesky Asylum and Hospital from mind scans are willing to take the leadership position and they seemed to have all agreed on Jason to lead them.” 
He hears Ramses add “The High Council should tread carefully with their treatment towards Jason. The First Ones” he figures is another name for Humans “I knows from past history. Whenever a First One in a leadership position was taken out of the title by medical reasons of another person causing injury that people have displayed some very protective attitude towards the First One’s replacement including reacting very violently if the replacement suffered any medical ailments that were by another person’s hand. I’m not kidding about that for you should check records and you’ll find too many cases of this on file regarding the First Ones and their attitudes towards First Ones in leadership positions.” 
Jason figures to himself as Ramses become silent and see the speakers bow their heads followed by the High Council behind seated waggling their heads and waving their hands that he’ll refer himself as Jason to people instead of the name of Eric.
Jason thinking “I have a second chance of leadership duties and I figures that the Jason name wouldn’t make people feel negatively like the Sun Lord titled name.” 
He hears nothing from Ramses in comment to his thinking due to sensing his mind still scanned by the Meritanian. The High Council he eyes seems lengthy with their talk he figures is what their doing till their speakers raise their heads.
The male speaks in some firm voice speaking “Jason listen carefully.” comment along with saying “Alexei Zesky caused us too much trouble in his leadership position interfering with our plans. We had an assassin put him down asleep into some healing sleep status to get him out of the way. We’ll let Jason we names to replace Alexei but we’re watching him for any interference with our plans. We won’t hesitate to send an assassin to put him down on a permanent basis if he is found to be interfering with our plans.” 
He doesn’t comment keeps his mind blank to hear from Ramses “I need to transport Jason back to his people a Builder woke up from being put to sleep and is in a bad mood from scanning people around that Builder including the Builder himself who correctly figured that the High Council got a hold of Jason with figuring out that the Meritanians have some transportation ability. We don’t want the Builder to get the idea that we’re not immune to Builder voice orders.” 
He hears from the male speaker a comment “Jason remember our warning!” followed by “Mertanians transport Jason out as commanded!” 
He finds himself in medical bay after freed from hand holds to hear from the doctor loudly sounding annoyed “Breaker! The One has arrived to medical bay by Meritanians!” 
He finds the doctor talking to some handheld device and sees a light show that shows Breaker flaring golden eyes that makes him think “Ugh the male is a Builder and furious.” 
Breaker he hears speaks loudly in gibberish in some compelling voice tone to find two light shows showing two males with appearances hidden by cloth wear and head masks similar to the Mesan’s Curse’s head mask but senses that their not part of the species but something else. 
He hears Breaker saying “I order the twins calling them by names of Blackie and Whitney to guard the One actual name Jason.” he hears Breaker use that name to his confusion to wonder”How Breaker got that name?” and continues to hear from the male “I expects a perfect guardianship job and won’t except a medical injury hitting the One by someone else’s hand in some negative way as acceptable period.” 
He eyes the two males to spot on their chests are squares in color one of night sky and one of clouds. Jason recalls from his memories that the night sky is Blackie and the cloud is Whitney. Jason eyes them to see them fade from view turning into whirling tornadoes he figures is them being in some hidden status.

The storyteller as urged by Jimo saying “What other memories do you remember of this Dictator or Jason?”
The storyteller spoke “I later recalled urged to remember various memories involving the original Eric Zesky appearing to be on a planetary world dubbed Rakcara or Mars in Human’s names’ terms. I on the snickering laughter of the big three Meritanians wound up confused to why’s I’m remembering this memory of this Eric Zesky as known as Dictator, a Zeskaya as the species is dubbed. I recall further memories of Dictator as he’s referred despite later identified as Eric Zesky.” 

Dictator after being thrown through the gate via his own sons doing that joke wakes up to find himself trapped into a tomb like area. He finds himself not able to get out but gets memories of other clones like him including seeing a light show to show another Zeskaya or Mesan’s Curse hauling another of him into the tomb and dumping him there. Dictator is too sick to help the Mesan’s Curse on the ground instead finds an object coming from the tomb’s entrance to place it onto the Zeskaya. 

The Zeskaya acts like he feels a jolt of electricity and finds a flat machine on top of him with wheels rotating onto him. He sits up with confusion and picks up the machinery object as he is grabbed on the arm by naked figure that is nearly skeletal who pulls him into a doorway. He hears an explosion sound followed by rumbling vibrations. He stares at the skeletal figure he sees is a male Zeskaya who is looking sick that turns out to be original Dictator himself. Rakcar appear with whining squeal sounds in the room he’s in which they grab him taking the machinery object and the skeletal figure and yank them out of the room to the hallway and out of the entrance. He sees is a forest which they lead them to a large plant with stairs coming from it. I recognized the plant as the Rakcar’s warship. Once inside he’s is forced to a wheelchair which clamps around him. His mask is yanked off which the Rakcar look at each other before injecting him something in his neck which makes him sleepy and he falls asleep. 

Eric as I refer him instead of Dictator’s name wakes up in the Pharaoh Throne room. Eric sees the pharaoh a reptilian race with a Drainer standing next to him talking as Rakcar is talking. 
He gestures with his free hands signing from Eric’s memories instead of his own “I can’t talk but can hear sounds along with being fluent in Basic.” which the Drainer speaks in foreign language which the Rakcar look at him then look at the Drainer. 
He hears the Drainer speak in basic words “Says about how you Mesan’s Curse got in the tomb.” 
Eric signs “I was brought there and left there.” 
He hears the Drainer translate his words in foreign language which the Pharaoh sings sounds then the Drainer speaks in Basic “Says you have a facial appearance that is twin to a Mesan’s Curse who was pharaoh before this Pharaoh but you isn’t that Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh. I want to know why.” 
Eric signs “I don’t know why but the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh swore before execution that he’ll return. I’m not sure if its means returning as myself.” 
Eric hears Drainer speak in foreign language then the reptilian Pharaoh sings words and then the Rakcar once again inject him with something in his neck and he falls unconscious. 

He wakes up lying on a cot by hand on his arm shaking him to see a Human male with a Rakcar and Anubis standing behind them. 
He gets up as the Human male speaks “My name’s Seventy and I’ve stuffed your mask in your jacket pocket.” which Eric as I calls him feels with a hand on his jacket.
 Rakcar standing there spoke “He introduces himself as Norok.” while speaking in basic who mentions “Norok disagrees with the Rakcar being obsessed with wearing tech that makes them hide in plain sight and moves fast. Norok refuses to wear and expects that honored.” 
Rakcar don’t have I or me or anything like that in their Basic language talks hence this Rakcar referring to himself as Norok.
Eric frowns hearing this as Seventy talks “The Rakcar have forgotten to do things due to their obsession with the tech a price tag Norok isn’t willing to pay.” 
Eric frowns some more as Seventy insists “You to come with us.” 
Eric follows them to elevator that leads to a big cafeteria like room with stuff like machinery like boxes that give up food and windows in one side of the room with double doors leading to outside. Eric sees Humans male and female along with Rakcar wearing dresses scattered around the room. He sees the Rakcar have female forms some are pointing at his direction while appearing to be whispering among themselves. Eric keeps his mouth shut as Seventy teaches him how to get food from the machinery which he follows him to a table and sits to eat. He hears a knocking sound on the window next to the table and looks to see a Zeskaya standing outside who wave a fist at him before fading from eyesight and he sees an outline turn around before jogging away which disappears in a blink of his eyes. 
He hears Seventy speaking “I explain to Norok that the Rakcar were ruled by a Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh who Mesan’s Curse overthrew whose face was seen before he was said to be executed and body disposed.” 
Norok he hears says “Norok seems confused on this.” but Seventy points a figure at Eric speaking “The Pharaoh was him.” whom he hears a loud growl sound and sees Anubis tap Seventy on the shoulder which the Human looks at. 
He sees Anubis shake his head in a “No” gesture and hears a loud whisper coming from Anubis speaking “This Mesan’s Curse from memory doesn’t smell like the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh and isn’t him but looks like him by his facial appearance.” 
He sees Seventy mouthing Anubis’ words which Norok is staring at the Human with a frown on his face. 
Eric nods his head in agreement which the three sees and Seventy speaks “Its strange that Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh have someone have his facial appearance but mentions that its odd.” 
Eric nods his head in agreement. The group eats their food in silence.   

Eric lying on a cot is staring at the ceiling feels a reptilian hand on his cheek moves his eyes to stare at a female Rakcar kneeling next to his bed gently rubbing his cheek which she moves her hand to his forehead and forces his eyes closed. He senses the female’s hand pat his gloved hand and then passes out. 

He finds himself in a dry arid desert field with cracks in the ground. He frowned looking around and saw a mountain chain in the distance surrounding the field. Eric turns around and sees a towering above him large cylinder thin at the top and wide at the bottom. The thin part he saw had a window enclosure enclosing the thinnest part with a triangle roof top which he recognizes as an ancient Earth lighthouse. He felt a tap on his shoulder by a hand and turn to his left to face a Humanoid being in a male form with long sun colored hair pulled back and a Human appearance on his face with Human ears but had golden sun colored Human eyes. Eric recognizes the being as a Humanian who looked like the Humanian Jon, I saw was dressed in shiny grey colored metal like clothing. I saw the hands were bare and clawed who has an angry look on his face. 
The Humanian spoke “A new toy for me to play with. I’ve grown bored with the toys I’ve been playing with from being in the guardian tower.” 
Eric feels confusion as the Humanian grabs him by hand on the neck and lifts him up which he struggles to breathe while feeling the Humanian punch him repeatedly in his stomach. Then he is airborne in the air to land on the ground on his back which he sees the Humanian blink out then appear with a blink to be standing next to his head with a foot on his neck pressing into it. Eric gags and struggles to talk which he discovers that he can’t talk which the Humanian looks up blinking out. 
Eric hears the Humanian speaking “Well, what we have here, a Rakcar who’s a fool accompanied by the Hybrid freak Seventy.” 
Eric sits up to see Norok and Seventy standing side by side with arms folded glares on their faces. He feels a hand on his shoulder looks to see Anubis who grabs his arm pulling him to a standing position. 
He stares at the Humanian as Norok speaks “What the files say about me killing a Humanian named Karina?” 
The Humanian roars some angry sound and charges in a disappearing in a blink and appears in front of Norok gagging him with hands on his throat. 
Norok he hears gags out with Seventy pounding the Humanian’s back with his fists “There should be a record of Karina’s death which would show what I did with her body after I killed her.” 
Eric feels Anubis let go of his arm and sees Anubis charging at them with staff in his hand in front of him while howling some angry sound. 
He stands watching as Norok continues to gag out “I’m asking a question about what’s stopping the Humanian from finding out what I did to Karina’s body and manipulating people to attend to the remains.” 
Anubis reaches them swinging his staff at the Humanian’s head. The Humanian he sees blinks out which he also sees Norok bending down coughing.
 Anubis growls out loud a remark “The Humanian being obsessed with some Humanian child killed by a Rakcar.” 
Then Anubis is thrown on his back as the Humanian blinks back appearing to be pushing him. Eric watches as the Humanian is raining fists onto Anubis’s face as Norok and Seventy both attack the Humanian punching his back. The Humanian he sees is suddenly thrown backwards in the air and is caught by hand on his neck. Eric sees belongs to King Winter with an angry look on his face with Rakcaran like eyes. 
He hears the Humanian gag out “Stop your cold! I can’t take it!” 
Eric sees the lighthouse appear behind them and sees electrical lightening come from it going into the sky then return and comes out hitting the Humanian on the head who doesn’t scream in pain from it. 
He watches as the Humanian closes his eyes with a pained expression on his face while groaning out loud loudly “Karina, my Karina” repeatedly over and over. 
He sees King Winter point his staff in his direction and a blast of snow comes from it hitting him. Eric closes his eyes to find himself back on the cot jerking his eyes open to stare at the ceiling. Eric sits up to see Norok on another cot and Seventy behind him on another cot both sitting up shaking their heads with confusion in them. They go to the cafeteria room to eat in silence. Eric hears Seventy give off a loud Humph sound like he’s annoyed with something and stares at him with narrowed eyes. Seventy, he noticed is staring at Norok with a glare like he expects the Rakcar to speak something. Eric glances at Norok who after noticing Seventy’s glare appears to stop eating then speaks.
Norok talk“Norok didn’t really kill Karina but stun her and took her away to a boat. Norok went to an island surrounded by a lake and met Mesan’s Curse there that took an awaken Karina from him and stranded him on the island. Norok had to wait till sundown for Rakcar to come with another boat. Norok admits to being the first known Rakcar at his time to have contact with Mesan’s Curse and saw what they looked like underneath their masks look like the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh’s twin sitting next to him.”  

Storyteller telling the tale appeared, to have paused from telling about the Rakcar, instead focused onto Eric.

Eric in sleep dreams of the arid desert field again and see the lighthouse and the Humanian kneeling meters away with back to him head down while hearing sounds like crying. He goes to the Humanian who starts rocking his form back and forth and walks in front of him to see the Humanian has a pained look on his face with eyes closed while groaning crying sounds. 
Eric kneels in front of the Humanian who stops rocking while staring at him who starts speaking words “Karina wasn’t killed by Norok like Jon thought but died of an ailment in her adult age. Her remains are preserved in an ancient, forgotten by Rakcar, building said to be built by Mesan’s Curse before they went into hiding. The Rakcar haven’t bothered to visit but Humans have been using it as their gathering spot for meetings and discussing things. Sometimes that includes occasionally Mesan’s Curse there eavesdropping in their hidden forms.”  
Eric frowns as the Humanian adds “Jon’s name is Jon. Jon is leader of the Humanians also known as a converter.” 
Eric stares at Jon who continues “Being known as converter was Jon would convert dead Human females who have the same hair as Humanians into Humanian females by cutting wrist with a knife and spill blood in their open eyes.  This then bring the cut wrist to their mouth dripping blood into them with some waking up grabbing arm and sucking which brings pleasure to Jon.” 
Eric frowns at hearing Jon’s talk as the Humanian continues “Jon has never converted a female child before, after Jon did it felt some powerful connection feeling towards Karina who appeared to feel the same way towards Jon. Jon got really upset when Norok shot Karina terminating link to her. Jon tortured Norok in Norok’s mind here which Jon had been doing for awhile till Norok left the planet by warship. Jon continued torture after Norok returned.” 
Eric stares at Jon who opens his eyes showing pain in them as Jon continues speaking “Thanks to King Winter forcing Jon to scan files for Karina. Jon discovered that she once grown mated with a Mesan’s Curse male who files say is a Hybrid of several species that had a mental link with her. One had twin sons one who’s here in a hidden location in Rakcara with other Mesan’s Curse at a gathering spot they meet all the time. The other son was taken by the High Council after Rakcar attacked him.” 
Jon he sees moves his eyes to stare at him who Jon speaks “The twin sons, one is called Alexei who later became Sun Lord and his brother Jon named after Jon self who goes by the name of Leader.” 
Eric stiffens hearing the words as Jon adds “The Rakcar did a through number of tests on Eric’s self and has recorded their findings on file.
File says ‘Eric as dubbed is a relation to Karina as in a child of Alexei and a relation to the Mesan’s Curse Pharaoh who on file recorded has the Human name of Jason.’” 
Eric forms confusion on his face as Jon looks at him in the eyes speaks “Jason was the Hybrid one who Karina mated and fathered twin sons from her. “
Eric drops open his mouth of shock as Jon continues “Jason after Karina’s death had an undetected mental illness from his mental link with Karina being destroyed that made him become Dictator when he ruled as Sun Lord and his twin sons took him down executing him. His body carried by his twin sons was transported through an open doorway disappearing off Rakcara and they came back without him. His twin sons according to Jon hid the fact that they were Dictator’s offspring and haven’t mentioned it to the other Mesan’s Curse but some of them suspect this which was proven by visits of Eric and Alexei brought to their meeting spot by the Elementals.  Jon includes that its time for Eric to wake up.” 
Eric wakes up on a cot with Seventy shaking his arm. He gets up as following Norok, Anubis and Seventy to a hallway instead of taking the elevator which they go through several hallways before reaching a cave room where there is a metal gated arch Eric recognizes as a gate. 
Seventy to Eric speaks “Eric, you’re to going through the gate to home.” 
Eric walks to the gate and enters it. Eric went through the gate watched by Seventy, Norok and Anubis. He found himself entering a forest area he recognized as the Surrai gated area and stood with a frown on his face. 
He mentally called as the sun arrived shining its rays of light “Merra! Its Eric, I’m back!” 
He heard the feminine voice of Merra speaking “Welcome back Eric. Hold on while I transport you.” 
He blinked his eyes and found himself in his apartment with Niya sitting in a dining chair eyes staring at the wall while wearing her Mistress outfit with the mask on the table with the fading sun in the background. He saw Jiang with back to him sprung around with widen eyes which his facial expression turned to a relief look. Eric stared at Jiang as he felt the familiar feeling of the Highlander scanning him. 
He mentally spoke “What did I miss? How long was I gone?”
He stared at Jiang who spoke using his voice “You were gone three suns which the Mistress at the end of the first sun started acting upset. She has been crying too much along with sitting while staring at the walls with a blank expression on her face. I had to force her to eat and make sure she’s getting some sleep.”
He stared at Jiang who paused then continued speaking “The Mistress has at the beginning of the third sun started withdrawing into her mind which from mind scans shows all she’s thinking is you. I haven’t been able to bring her out of this so see if you can do it.” 
He nodded his head and went to the dining table yanking off his gloves and attached jacket which he placed on a chair baring his clawed hands. He placed them both on Niya’s cheeks and lowered his face lips touching hers kissing her. Eric rolled his eyes closing them as he felt an electrical charge of pleasure as his lips touched Niya. 
He thought to himself “I missed her.” 
He heard a moan sound from Niya and sensed one of her hands touching his cheek followed by her other hand touching his chest as he felt her kissing him back. He broke off the kiss opening his eyes to kiss Niya on the forehead that opened her eyes to stare at him with tears spilling from them. He straightened up to move his hands to her shoulders pulling her towards him as he held her against his form. He exhaled a breath feeling charges of pleasure from her arms wrapping around him and her head on his form through his clothes. He heard Niya crying some sounds as he held her against his form with his hands running through her hair. He smiled a small smile as he looked down at Niya and felt her arms around him tightened. Eric having gloves off feels really intense electrical charges of pleasure whenever he touches Niya or she touches him. He wounds up breathing through his mouth during their touching each other which he gets rages with his eyes sight fogging up on and off but can control his angry feelings for the pleasure feelings are overwhelming his rages and his touch sense on Niya and her touching him is helping him with the control. Later in their quarters Eric and Niya take off clothes and get in bed and mate fast then once catch their breath mate again for the second time. They pause after the mating to kiss each other on the lips. 
Niya tells him “I missed you so bad and was very upset when you were taken away off Terrania. I had Kossman tell his people what a Zeskaya did to you, who Merra is said to discover who and had Kurpanov torture that Zeskaya who goes by the name of Rule Breaker.
Rule Breaker under torture admitted ‘The Zeskaya having a Sun Lord with face twin to Eric who ruled them like a Dictator with the Rakcar.’ 
“Rule Breaker” according to Niya “had a sister who said ‘Dictator raped her thru forced mating and she wound up near death carrying a baby who turned out to be a Drainer that drank from within her and nearly killing her. Her birthing the baby was awful because the Drainer didn’t want to come out and was surgical forced out.’”  
Eric frowns hearing this as Niya continues speaking “The baby was taken from Rakcara to Terrania according to Merra and left there. The baby according to Merra by my questioning talk grew up to be a Drainer, who took the titled name of Aiden, after the original Aiden passed away. This Aiden has outlived many Drainers except Tia who is older than him.”  
Niya adds “Merra told me that she has scanned Rule Breaker’s mind and found his words true and scanned the Drainer Aiden’s mind, which she is manipulating to remember his parentage, for he has memories of his parents, in his mind that he hasn’t been accessing.” 

Storyteller spoke “Niya and Eric resume the mating ritual despite Eric via feel of mating inside Niya felt like he wasn’t getting anything from that. Niya is sensed gasping when seeing his back he appearing to be a clone via marking onto the area to his annoyance-“
Storyteller a clone of Eric Zesky via looks of him with the face was heard interrupted by Jimo “Anything on markings onto your back?”
Recorder typing this down recalled her name as Tamyara Palina eyed Eric in response figuring his name would be Eric, till told other wise.
Eric wound up speaking in response “I recalled the markings onto my back were some Highlander script writing saying ‘This is the one.’
I’m not sure what it meant but I know I’m a clone of the High Council who cloned me from the original Sun Lord who was disappeared and used a Human cloning term to give the newer version a humanoid head instead of that barrel shaped heads their known now. Ugh, I don’t know which Humanoid they used to create me other than Nikolai or his father Thurin himself.”
Recorder spoke after a lengthy silence Jimo appearing to glare at Eric “Anything else you remember of this story you’re telling?”
Eric obeyed to speak more of his tale.  	

Eric in the morning after eating is told “There’s a Drainer named Aiden who arrived during the night requesting an audience with your Majesty.” 
Eric feels anger as the memory of his time in the Drainers’ castle flashes in his mind which he signed “I agreed to see.” 
He goes to the lobby room while wearing his mask to stand with arms folded staring at a sleeping Aiden who is waked by a Highlander kicking the Drainer into the stomach repeatedly. 
Aiden he sees is grumpy towards the waking snarling “You better have a good excuse for that kicking waking me up!”
“Ahem Sun Lord here!” He heard from a guard as Aiden spots him and gets up once Highlander points to him. 
Eric speaks through Highlander voicing in a sarcastic tone calling Aiden “Uncle Bell head” and remarks “You idiot Drainer allowing your niece to be hurt by the Drainer King who I’m disappointed about.” 
Eric feeling anger raging through out him continues speaking “I’m disappointed with Uncle Bell head for following the Drainer King’s orders on getting myself and my mate from here to Uncle’s home. Uncle Bell Head torturing myself with snake gonoids and getting myself chained up to be hit by a whip. I had to free myself and getting water poisoning which Uncle Bell head did nothing to stop this.” 
He sees Aiden open his mouth who roars out an angry sound which Eric cuts off his talk as the Drainer speaks “I didn’t know of this family connection till I remembered it, recently. The Drainer King was sick with an illness when he hurt Arielia, using her name-“ 
Eric interrupts “Aiden is lying about the Drainer King being ill for you didn’t mention that to me when you returned Arielia back to her people.” 
Aiden speaks “The Drainer King three suns after Arielia left fell unconscious in the throne room with his female there. He was tested which they discovered that he had an illness raging in his system he had it before Arielia arrived to the castle and was suffering from it. The sickness was causing him to want to mate with females and feed heavily.” 
Eric allows anger to take control lowers his arms and walks forwards towards the tall than himself Aiden who stops talking to stare at him. Eric throws a fist into Aiden’s stomach who bents down groaning. Eric throws another fist into Aiden aiming at his forehead which the Drainer hits the floor backwards to lie groaning. Eric points a finger at the drainer and fists his hand while waving it. 
Eric walks back to his Highlander speaker to mentally speak “I want Aiden to leave!” and then walks away to an elevator and gets on it with Highlanders in it. 
Elevator goes up as Eric closes his eyes breathing hard through his mouth while fisting his hands and shaking them. He gets rages opens his eyes charges forwards blindly hits the elevator wall which he punches and feels his mind scanned with the rages going away as he continues to breathe through his mouth. Elevator stops at a floor which the Highlanders there force him out and force him to a sitting position back on the wall yanking his mask off his face and he again feels the rages come again while breathing through his mouth. He finds himself restrained to his sitting position on the floor as the rages are going through him clouding up his eyes sight. Eric discovers to himself that he can’t stop breathing through his mouth and struggles to calm down as the rages are running though him. He shuts his eyes clamping his mouth shut and tries to breathe through the tubes in his nose while struggling with the urge to mouth breathe. He is still struggling when he feels gloved hands touching his cheeks rubbing gently and he feels a head he senses belonging to Niya leaning against his as her arms are around his neck. He keeps his eyes shut as he breathes thru tubes in his nose calming down and senses the rages have left him. He rubs his head against Niya’s as he moves his hands and arms which are freed to put them on her sides gently rubbing. Eric gets an unidentified feeling and feels Niya abruptly get up while feeling his mind scanned. 
He hears Merrs say in a kiddy like voice “Your to trusting me with something.” which the feeling goes away and the headache of his mind scanned. 
He opens his eyes to stare at Niya kneeling next to him who pick up his hand which he leans forward and wraps arms around her holding her in a hug as she frees his hand. He feels himself much better hears Jiang speak voice “The crowd has been seen outside kneeling along with word going among them ‘The Sun Lord has an illness. We hoping that he’ll get better along with worrying about him.’ 
Jiang adds “This assumption was from the Mistress visiting the balcony alone without him which has the crowd worried about the Sun Lord at each of her visits for two suns.” 
Eric nods his head gets mask puts it on as Niya puts on her mask. Group goes to elevator to balcony floor where they see Trevor with hood covering his head standing nearby holding a scanner. Eric goes to balcony with Niya which he sees crowd below kneeling that abruptly get on their feet cheering and clapping when they see him. After a sun position movement he senses a tap on his shoulder and looks to see Trevor standing besides him with a finger pointed to the elevator and a teeth baring look on his face. Eric waves a hand in an arch then leaves balcony with Niya to the elevator followed by Trevor which takes them to hallway to Sun Lord’s quarters. Eric in quarters feels fatigue catching up with him which is making him sleepy. 
Trevor there says “Eric has exhaustion and needs to sleep it off according to my scanner.” 
Eric goes to his bedroom with Niya and he changes out of his clothing to pajama pants and gloves which he lies in bed closing his eyes and passes out. 

Eric woke up to discover it was nighttime and he could feel Niya lying on the bed next to him. He rolled over towards her as the familiar strange feeling arrived again within him. He exhaled a breath got up from the bed to the wall as the feeling raged throughout him. He leaned his forehead on the wall with his hands next to it clawing it as he breathed through the tubes in his nose. He felt a headache of his mind being scanned as the feeling got stronger overtaking him. He kneeled lowering himself on his side putting his head on his bent arm and closed his eyes.  

Eric dreamed of a memory of himself at a younger age looking like a teenager in a padded room sitting in a leaning position against the padded wall. His clothes I recalled in the memory were a grey tank top and white pants as he stared at the small window in the padded wall. He continued to stare as the window moved forwards like a door showing a female wearing a blue jumpsuit carrying a tray entering the room. The female he saw had long black hair pulled back in a tail as a feeling arrived within him from his sensitive part below his waist between his legs. He felt the urge to stare at the female’s rounded poking out chest as he licked his lips. He saw the female set the tray down then turned around walking towards the open doorway. Eric moved his eyes to her round seat staring at it flexing as she walked out.  He got up rubbing a hand on his sensitive part and went to the tray sitting down in front of it and grabbed the food with his hands eating and drinking. Once finished he exhaled a breath and went to a corner and sat leaning against the wall with a hand on his sensitive part as he stared at the window. He felt sleepiness arrived overtaking him and laid his form down falling asleep going unconscious. 

He woke up to discover himself lying naked on a bed with his wrists chained to arm rail rests and he felt needles poking in his skin in his arms and legs as he opened his eyes. He looked around to see a curtain surrounding the bed with a black boxy object jutting from the foot of it. He exhaled a breath as the curtain was swished aside and the familiar female came in his view that swished the curtain back behind her. Eric stared at her while feeling the familiar feeling arrive within him. He licked his lips as she stared at him put a finger to her lips then leaned over with a hand towards his sensitive part. He jerked from pleasure shutting his eyes as her hand closed over him. He panted breathing through his mouth as her hand moved up and down his length while feeling a cold round object at the tip of it. He gasped as he felt himself release from the pleasure while feeling something spilling from him which he moaned some sound loudly. He still panting felt the female’s hand leave him and shivered from that as he heard the sound of a curtain swish open and shut. Eric opened his eyes staring at the boxy object at the foot of his bed as he felt himself returning to normal levels. He exhaled a breath as the curtain swished aside and he growled seeing the masked orderly who pulled out a syringe injecting the contents in his arm followed by sleepiness which overtook him. 

He woke up feeling himself wearing clothes he recognized as a jumpsuit while sitting in a chair and heard chain rattles sounds. Eric opened his eyes to see his arms had chain manacles on them. He heard a throat clearing sound and looked at his left to see a man with white hair wearing black clothing and a white collar standing besides him.
I remembering recognized as Alexei gestured with his head while speaking “Eric, take a look.” 
Eric looked at what Alexei was gesturing to see a window in front of him. Eric got up from the chair and stood in front of the window to see an orderly holding a moving bundle which he stared with confusion. 
He looked at Alexei with confusion on his face who spoke “That’s a baby and it’s a boy named Kurt.” 
He frowned as he stared at the orderly holding Kurt which he saw was wearing blue clothing with a blue hat on his head with wisps of black hair peeking out who opened his eyes. He stared at the baby who showed brown colored eyes that met his eyes appearing to be staring at him. Eric frowned as he felt a headache arrived and turned away from the window to stare at Alexei who had a frown on his face. He felt a prick of pain on his back while hearing the familiar sound of a dart gun going off and felt sleepiness arrived within him which he went to the chair and sat going unconscious. 

Eric jerked open his eyes sitting up in the darkened room of his bedroom with an exhale of a breath through his mouth. He frowned as the memory again replayed in his mind. He rubbed a gloved hand on his face as the familiar feeling left him followed by the headache of his mind scanned leaving. He got up from the floor and stood staring at Niya lying on her side facing his side of the bed still asleep with a hand on his pillow. He stared at Niya with a frown on his face emotions running through him. He went to the bed and got in pulling the blankets over himself and took Niya’s hand off his pillow onto his chest as he lay down. His eyes stared at the ceiling as he held Niya’s hand on his chest with a hand on it. He closed his eyes falling asleep. 

“I must include scene of Eric from sleeping in bed to leaning back in chair in dining room after eating something I don’t remember what happened next after he fell asleep.”

Eric leaned back in the chair lost in thought as the Highlander removed the tray in front of him. He saw a masked Kossman come out of the former children’s room with a light show that stood with arms folded. Eric frowned as he stared at Kossman with the memory of him fathering a son named Kurt running in his mind.   
Kossman he saw walked over to him and spoke “Your father told me to tell you something which Merra says you remember what it is. You fathered a son named Kurt by artificial means implanted in a female who had a fast pregnancy. Kurt had a fast growth spurt grew to adult within one Earth year or cycle. The Hybrid Kurt you met at the prison is your son.”
He stiffened from shock as Kossman paused and spoke “Video records show Kurt acting friendly with you for it is not what he usually does with the other Hybrids for he’s seen as a loner who keeps to himself and doesn’t hang out with the others. The records also show that Kurt demonstrated his abilities to you alone and shared things he hasn’t told with the others.”
Eric fisted his hands as he felt anger arriving within him which he bared his teeth. 
Kossman he heard kept talking “The virus he had affecting people was a result of a mutation within him which affected you. Tests results on you after you showed your hidden state ability show that the virus caused a mutation in you which brought out the hidden state ability.”
Eric let anger take control as he abruptly stood up from the chair while mouth breathing. Kossman he stared at with angry eyes cut himself off as he went to the windows of the covered porch and slammed a fist on it which remained intact. He leaned his forehead on the window with his hands besides his head on the window while breathing hard through his mouth. He felt the angry feeling overtake him which he shut his eyes as a familiar feeling arrived within him. He fisted his hands in a tight grip as he allowed the feeling to run within him as he felt the rages arrive. He turned himself sideways leaning on the window while folding his arms as he shut his mouth struggling to breathe through the tubes in his nose. 
He kept his eyes shut as he heard Niya’s voice speaking “Kossman, whose Kurt’s mother? I’m curious about that.” 
He heard Kossman reply “Kurt’s mother was a woman named Kendall Kurt who was mentally sick in the head locked up too insane to live among people. She was put to death after having Kurt due to the fast pregnancy making her very sick in her body that was slowly killing her.”
He heard Niya speak “Oh interesting but female mentally sick in the head?”   
Eric frowned as he felt the rages left him with his anger simmering as Kossman spoke “Actually back then it was normal for the place Zesky Asylum to use females mentally sick in the head to carry offspring they created implanted in them. This stopped when word of this leaked out to the females’ families who talked to the land’s the Zesky Asylum is on, rulers making it clear that they didn’t agree to this when they had the females locked up.”
He heard Niya speak “Oh ho.” 
Eric opened his eyes as he felt the familiar feeling leave him as Kossman spoke “Sun Lord, Alexei included in his talk that Kurt fathered a son with a female named Sue who is the Hybrid female with the same name sick with an illness that you met at the place you were kept with the other Hybrids.”
He narrowed his eyes to glare as Kossman continued talking “The son according to records is named Liam who Merra tells me is Lix’s father.” 
He straightened his form eyes boring at Kossman who cut off his talk as he fisted his hands and then twisted bringing a fist into the window which remained intact at his punch. He leaned his forehead against the window with his arms folded as he shut his eyes as anger billowed through out him. 
He bared his teeth as he heard Merra speak in his mind “Lix is not aware of his family heritage but I believe telling him will get him to stop wanting Niya as his.” 
Eric mentally spoke “Then tell him, Merra.”
He straightened up his form and felt cold air blowing around him and opened his eyes to discover himself in the Builder stronghold facing a doorway opening. He narrowed his eyes with a glare as Lix came into view whose eyes narrowed seeing him. He lowered his arms as Lix flicked out his sword and disappeared from view and he felt something hard hit him on the back of his head as the ground rushed up towards him and he fell unconscious. 

I saw via a dreaming memory of Eric, of an overhead view of a naked male lying in a bed chained while wearing an oxygen mask. I saw people wearing scrubs attaching round cylinder tube that appeared to lead to a boxy cart besides them to the male’s sensitive part while rubbing their gloved hands up and down his length. I saw one of them remove the mask off the male’s face showing Eric’s face myself at as younger a teenager aged lying on the bed and saw one of them inject a syringe into his neck then the scene went black. 

I dreamed of another scene that showed me, as Eric, sitting in a wheelchair chained in a large room with vertical tubes. Alexei, I saw was standing next to me as I saw people pushing wheeled stretchers into the room. I saw lying on the stretchers were the Hybrids from the prison who were pushed into the room out of my eyes sight behind vertical tubes. 
I heard Alexei speak “A pity, the government ordered them dead an order I refused to do.”
I stared at Alexei who turned his head towards me speaking “Don’t worry your children won’t die because of the actions of Kurt. I’ll see that Kurt will be caught and you’ll be his executioner for it’ll be punishment enough for his actions and what the government ordered towards his brothers and sisters.” 
The scene went black as I saw Eric found himself back in his body lying on his back on the snowy ground. 
He heard Niya’s angry voice speaking “Lix, you’re an idiot. Liam your father is a descendant of Eric so stop trying to take me away from your predecessor.” 
He opened his eyes as he heard Lix speak “Niya.” 
Eric felt himself going unconscious as he heard Niya yell “Eric!”
He came to find himself kissing a female on the lips which his hands were on her head and felt her bare hand on his cheek. He jerked open his eyes and broke off the kiss to stare at Niya who opened her eyes to stare at him back. 
He heard exclamations of voices overlapping from his right side. He turned his head and saw a group of Builders standing there chatting among themselves as he saw William standing with arms folded an amused expression on his face who was silently staring at himself. He frowned as he saw Niya out of the corner of his eyes put on part of her jacket thrusting her arm through its sleeve and attached glove.  
Eric saw Lix lying on the ground with sword in his hand unconscious which he hears William silence the crowd by speaking loudly “Lix had that coming for his attitude.” 

“I don’t remember what happened next after that was done.” as spoken by Storyteller, Eric himself, as typed by Recorder, Tamyara Palina.

Eric back in quarters with Niya signed “I’ve got a bone to pick with Kossman with you signing my words.”
Niya obeys, by Eric signing with Niya voicing his words “The Hybrids being my children as said by Alexei in a memory I recently had. That includes with a memory of me lying on a bed with people touching me, with a part of me going into a cylinder object with a tube leading to a boxy cart.” 
Kossman he hears spoke “I confirm that you, Eric, fathered the Hybrids. They who all had different mothers, all women sick in the head. They were implanted with a part of you. They all had fast pregnancies. The Hybrids are like Kurt grew to adult hood in one Earth cycle. All the Hybrids except Kurt are alive in tubes at the other cruise ship with Alexei and people keeping an eye on them.” 
Eric gets angry closes his eyes and breathes through his mouth as a familiar rages feeling arrives while feeling his mind scanned which cuts his rages short. He breathes through his nose with the tubes in it as he recalls breaking up a fight between two male Hybrids Ted and Steve successfully while remembering them resuming their fight whenever Ionela tried to break them up. Eric remembers seeing two female Hybrids Corina and Gina get a hair pulling fight, he stopped with one glaring look at them who walked away in separate directions. They like Steve and Ted haven’t bothered to fight with each other again. 
Eric signs while hearing Niya speaking his words “A question of whether the Hybrids were aware of me being their father.” 
He folds his arms eyes still closed as he hears Kossman speak “The Hybrids once grown met Alexei, one by one in Kossman’s presence. They were told of Eric fathering them along with an oath to keep the knowledge to themselves and not share it with the others.” 
Eric gets familiar feeling again which he hears Kossman go silent. He feels his mind scanned and gets memory of himself at current age waking up in a wheelchair in the rugged room with orderlies pulling him out of the chair towards an open doorway. Eric roars some sound attacking the orderlies throwing two of them to the floor while knocking their dart guns out of their hands. 
The third he gags on the neck speaks words in a gagging tone “Eric…choosing…to…go…in…the…room…get…mate…later…or…be…iso…lated…with…out…people…con…tact…Its…his…choice…”
Eric lets go of the orderly and walks into the room which he sees from memory is the padded room and slams the door behind him and then goes to a corner to sit glaring at the walls. 

He remembers getting the rages and standing up roaring while hearing a door opening sound and seeing a blue movement appear. Eric attacked grabbing the head and felt a painful jolt of electrical charges hit his hands when he touched the head. He let goes of the head to roar a painful roar then grabs the neck area and again feels the painful jolt. Eric let goes and stands sideways away from the figure while shutting his eyes roaring a pain sound. He hears door slamming close while feeling the rages leave him and opens his eyes to look at the door which is closed. Eric sees he’s alone in the room which he feels a prick of pain in his arm and discovers a syringe dart in it. He falls asleep is falling towards the floor going unconscious. 
Eric shakes his head of the memory as the scanner leaves his mind frowns as he folds his arms and hears Kossman speak “Merra told me what he was just remembering. That memory is that they were testing Eric’s angry rage reaction towards Brianna by having her in his cell when he got the rages. We observed him acting like he was suffering pain whenever he tried to hurt her. We hearing him roar in distress after every time he let go of touching her with his hands. This got them to trust him with Brianna and the result of creating Ricky and Cassie came from that trust.”  
Eric gets familiar feeling along with eyes sight turning night vision which he charges towards Niya. Eric blinks his eyes to discover himself surrounded by people, as later identified as Beddune who are throwing ropes on him. He managed to yank the ropes off of him and sees one of them standing in front of a hut who howls some sound. Eric charges at the figure as a lion like gonoid gets in his way knocking him to the ground. The lion sits on his front with its entire body which he struggles with no available to move off of him. He jerks his eyes shut when he gets a headache that is pounding in his head. Eric stops trying to remove the lion off of him by keeping his hands on the lion’s head while lying there with it on top of him. He gets scene of himself sitting up in bed with Niya lying asleep besides him feeling the desire to mate raging through him. He leans over towards her and kisses her on the lips then gently bites her lip with his fanged teeth. He takes one of her hands and touches his cheek with it while hearing her choke which goes away. He rubs her hand on his cheek as she stays slumbering and removes her hand off his cheek and places his gloved hand on her sensitive area feeling the area with the nightgown covering it. Then he pulls the nightgown up baring her below the waist and he adjusts his pants baring himself then settles on top of her entering her. Eric mates with her being asleep and once done pulls out of her then puts her nightgown back covering her and adjusts his pants to cover himself. He feels the urge to mate leave him after he pulls out and frowns about that. 
He stares at Niya while thinking words “I’m missing Brianna so bad that its making me feel like needing to mate with a female. I had to do it to Niya with her asleep and not aware of me.” 
He turned her form till her back was to him and spoon fashioned her with his arms around her and fell asleep. Eric wakes up in the morning with shock on his face when he senses he’s spoon fashioning Niya.  
“Scene goes black according to my memory.” says Eric. 

Eric jerks his eyes open to stare at the tree tops with a shocked expression on his face. He finds his eyes sight is back to normal and realizes that the scene he had in his mind was a memory. Eric remembers that he did that first night Niya slept in bed with him. He finds lion is gone from sitting on him and he sits up to see one of the people Beddune staring at him with arms folded. He stands up and blinks his eyes to find himself back in his quarters and sees Niya sitting on a chair get up walking towards him with a frown on her face. He feels tears come to his eyes loses it as his knees go weak and kneels while feeling Niya’s hands pulling him towards her in a hug as he buries his face on her shoulder while shaking from the crying feeling running through out him. 
He thinks “I wound up betraying Brianna by mating with Niya when I was still hurting from her death.” 
He senses his mind scanned as he thinks that thought and hears Merra’s voice speaking “It was Brianna who wanted you to move on with Niya. She wanted you to accept Niya despite you hurting from her death hence you mating with Niya while you were still hurting as a way of getting you to heal from the pain.” 
Eric cries harder and grips Niya’s sides with his hands while feeling Niya rubbing his back and head with her hands and hears her humming some soothing sound which seemed to be calming him from the crying feeling running through out him. He wraps his arms around Niya and feels his tears stop which he shuts his eyes and keeps his head on her shoulder listening to her humming sound which helps him relax as he calms down. Eric gets so relaxed that he falls asleep passing out unconscious and comes to discover himself lying on the couch with his head on Niya’s lap who is rubbing his forehead with her bare hand. 
He opens his eyes to stare at Niya who admits to him “The first night we slept together in your bed, I had a dream of myself floating above the bed staring at myself lying in your bed with you sitting up. You in the dream kissed me on the lips then touched me before pulling up your nightgown baring myself.  You then were djusting your pants baring yourself.” Eric stiffens hearing this as Niya continues “I saw you lied your form on top of my body and moving like you was mating with me then you stopped. You moved your form off of me pulling at your pants and pulling my nightgown back before you moved me form to cuddle with me.” 
He stares at Niya who adds “I didn’t mention it the next day because Merra warned me that Eric was still hurting from Brianna’s death. He would react violently if I brought it up so I haven’t mentioned it till Merra told me it was ok to say it to you now.” 
Eric sits up feels the familiar feeling with his eyes sight going night vision as he stares at Niya who places a hand on his cheek. 
He lowers his head till it was itches from hers as she speaks “I was sorry for not mentioning our son’s birth for I was aware that Eric was hurting from Brianna’s death. I didn’t want to burden you with the knowledge.” 
Eric kisses her and feels her kiss him as he raises his hand towards her bare hand which she abruptly let goes of his cheek and he stops kissing her to stare at her. He sees a pained look on Niya’s face as he grips her bare hand with his hand and stiffens as her other hand in glove touches his other cheek stroking with her fingers as he hears a choking sound come from her. He looks in her eyes which he sees has a look of affection in them and realizes that she loves him. Eric places her bare hand on his cheek and hears her gasp some sound which stops as he again lowers his head leaning his head on hers. Then with his other hand wraps it around Niya pulling her towards him in a hug as he feels her free hand touch him on the back with her arm around him. He shuts his eyes smiling a small smile as he feels pleasure arrive within him with the familiar feeling going away along with his eyes sight going back to normal. 
He thinks to himself “Niya is mine. She’ll forever be mine. I’ll enjoy having her in my life.” 
“I don’t remember what happened next after that.”
	
Eric in bed is staring at the ceiling and hears Niya come out of the bathroom wearing her night gown. He watches her put away her clothes then tosses him a bottle which he catches. 
Niya speaks “The bottle is additional medicine for my pain I hid in the shower stall. I want you to take a look at it and decide if it should be thrown out.” 
Eric looks at bottle and the medicine which he sees are blue pills which he hears Merra grumble in his mind “You should toss out the medicine in the garbage chute because Niya won’t do it. She would rather keep it for whenever she is hurt mentally to take it as a way of facing the pain.” 
He feels Merra leave his mind as he gets up from the bed and walks into the bathroom followed by Niya with a frown on her face who watches him toss the bottle into garbage chute. He feels the strange feeling again and eye sight turning night vision which he walks out of the bathroom to stand folding his arms staring at the wall as Niya walks in his line of vision to stand in front of him. He lowers his arms to glare at Niya who puts her arms around his middle and her head on his shoulder. 
He hears Niya speak “I’ve been having mental pains from painful memories popping up in my mind that are tormenting me. I want you to help me face the pains their bringing to me.” 
His eyes sight clears up and the strange feeling leaves him. 
He stands still as he hears Niya cut herself off to hear her gasp out in pain while crying out “No!” 
She repeatedly over and over and then she abruptly releases her hold on him darting into the bathroom with him following her. 
He watches her kneel in front of the tub grabbing her head crying out words “Mama, Papa!” over and over. 
Eric kneels behind Niya as she lie her form on the floor on her side with her arms covering her head curling in a ball while hearing her go silent. He reaches with his gloved hands and pulls her form off the floor that looks at him with a pained expression in her face. Eric adjusts his form till it’s in a sit leaning against the wall with his back to it and pulls Niya to lean against him on her side with his arms around her in a tight grip. 
He hears Niya cry out “Eric” along with words “It hurts!” she over heard saying the words repeatedly as he holds her with his arms around her. 
He senses Niya stop talking and becomes still. Eric feels her fallen asleep gently lifts her up and carries her out of the bathroom to the bed. Eric places her down on the bed and with a hand still on her gets in bed pulling the blankets up to her shoulder. Eric places her on her back with him on his side. He twists his form to shut off the lamp then puts an arm around Niya with his hand of his other arm rubbing her cheek gently. He moves his form till it is on top of Niya and places his hands on her sides and his head next to hers closing his eyes falling asleep while hearing her sigh out his name.  
“Eric…”she says.
Eric while asleep hears Niya gasping out in pain. He opens his eyes to raise himself a bit to see her face showing her eyes are open and she has a pained look in her face. He stares at her then moves off of her to watch her abruptly sit up gasping loudly. He watches as she raises a hand towards the edge of the bed and thrust it out meeting air. He stares at her as she gets up running from the bed banging into the window wall. 
She turns around and says words “I’m not wanting my mind scanned, you to stop scanning my mind!” 
Eric sits up with confusion as she walks towards the bed gets on it. Eric places a hand on her arm which she blindly feels to yank off yelling words in a foreign language which she throws her fist hitting him in the stomach repeatedly. Eric gets a little angry pushes her away and gets up from the bed which he turns on the lamp to see Niya blink her eyes to stare at him with shock on her face. 
He signs “Talk, what’s going on?” 
Niya to his annoyance reaches over on the bed to the lamp turning it off. He stares at her with anger as she adjusts herself lying on the bed pulling the blankets to herself on her side of the bed. 
Eric thinks to himself “She does not trust me with her problems.” 
Eric allows anger to take control which he turns on lamp and grabs Niya yanking her out of the bed pulling her staring at him to the bathroom. Eric pushes her inside and slams the door in her face. He walks to the lamp to hear the bathroom door open and shuts it off before grabbing her pillow and throws it hard at her which hits her in the face. Then he gets in bed on his side and sleeps with his back to her. He passes out unconscious to wake up discovering its morning and Niya is not in the bed. 
He gets up in an angry mood gets dressed walks out to face Jiang who says “Niya is sleeping in the other bedroom.” 
He sees Niya come out who avert her eyes whenever he tries to sign. His mood gets foul when he sees Niya take her tray and eat food at the opposite end of the table he’s sitting at. He sees that Niya won’t look at him and once done with food gets his mask and yanks it on his head walking out of the apartment to the elevator.
Eric orders “I want to see Brianna.” 
Elevator takes him to floor which he enters room yanking off mask handing it to guard and goes to Brianna’s coffin. 
He rants mentally while feeling his mind scanned while staring at Brianna “Niya keeping things from me such as my son with her. Niya could have told me about that after awhile of me accepting her instead of having me remember it that along with taking medicine for her pain instead of having me help her. She was doing the medicine taking secretly from me. That included along with not telling me the reason why she was acting out a nightmare.” 
Eric rants ranting “Niya doesn’t trust me and is keeping secrets from me. I hate for she is my mate and isn’t supposed to do that. Brianna trusted me and I trusted her. I feel that Niya isn’t doing this to me like I am doing to Niya.” 
He pauses then continues to rant “Niya is no longer my mate but Brianna is for Niya won’t trust me with her pains or tell me things I should be aware of. I rant that I will never trust Niya again until she proves herself trustworthy.” 
He stops ranting to wave a fisted hand and with his mood still foul leaves the room while feeling the scanner leaving his mind and goes to his quarters where he sees Niya sitting on the couch that won’t look at him. He yanks off mask and gives her a glare and goes into his bedroom to the dresser where Brianna’s necklace is in a box on top of it. He grabs the box as an image of Niya’s smiling face comes to his mind’s eye. 
He mentally swears “Niya isn’t my mate anymore but Brianna is.” as a cold feeling arrives along with pain in his chest on the left side. 
He let goes of box as the feeling and pain overwhelms him and he goes to wall next to the dresser to lean on it on his side. Eric feels his knees weak falls towards the ground as the feeling and pain is running through out him. Eric pants through his mouth as the strange feeling arrives followed by his eyes sight turning night vision and the pain in chest gets worse. Eric lies on his side as darkness arrive to his eyes sight and he closes his eyes surrendering to it. He comes to discover his uniform off of his form wearing his underwear with device attached to it. Eric is lying on top of Niya who he feels is wearing her nightgown while gasping out painfully. His pain and feelings are gone from him which he feels an angry feeling. He raises himself to stare at her with night vision to see a pained look on her face. Eric glares at her and feels her hands on his face blindly feeling him. Eric stiffens as she grips his ears tightly feeling them with her hands before putting her hands on his cheeks. 
He hears Niya gasp out “Eric!” along with words “I keeping things from you for I was afraid that your reaction to what I told you would be violent causing me harm in your anger, once you learn what they are.” 
Eric feels disgust hearing Niya’s words but with her hands on his cheeks kisses her on the lips a quick kiss. Eric breaks the kiss off to stare at her with a frown as she rubs his cheeks with her hands. He feels his hands at her sides have gloves on them which rub her sides with his hands gently which I don’t remember what happened next as said by Eric. 
I remember Eric told by Trevor the medical doctor “The twins are sick with an ailment common among twins that are male and female pairs. They are close to death for the ailment will kill them.” 
Eric via memories of him signed “I request them to the Sun Lord headquarters for I want to reveal my identity to them.” 
Trevor agrees to this talk which later he with Niya visits the twins in medical room in presence of a male and female Shadonian wearing the necklaces he gave twins. Doctor swishes curtain giving Eric and Niya privacy with the twins lying on beds and in Jiang’s presence takes off the head cover masks. Eric sees the twins’ expressions are of shock seeing his face along with recognition. Eric and Niya put masks back on as the twins close their eyes surrendering to death. Eric wearing Sun Lord uniform and mask along with Niya wearing uniform and mask are standing as Shadonian male wearing Brianna’s necklace enters Eric’s quarters.
The Shadonian saying “I introduce myself as Brian who I think Sun Lord is Eric himself but doesn’t care on whether I’m right or wrong. I wound up visiting the island nation of Kenibia some time ago. I was exploring the island when I came upon a city. I entered the city where there were Kenibians making identical hand gestures every time they entered and left a certain house. I went inside the house to see a large as the house room with a wheelchair at the end surrounded by flowers and trinkets. Sitting in the wheelchair was a framed picture of Eric standing sideways with the water ship’s bridge way in the back ground. I observed Kenibians arriving to kneel with hands clasped in front of them then they would get up and leave. 
I left the house and in polite terms asked a Kenibian ‘What do you know of the house and its history?’ 
The Kenibian told me ‘The house belonged to a family who had two daughters both Terrania Unity Games athletes during the time of President Lyu Jiang’s life and reign.’ ‘One daughter called Inna’ according to the Kenibian ‘was executed by Eric for murdering an athlete during the Americanian host games. The other daughter called Isla’ according to the Kenibian ‘followed the rules of the Terrania Unity Games. This is something Kenibians don’t normally do and competed as a successful athlete winning medals. Some of the medals were won historic in events in the sport of gymnastics. This along with wining historic medals in the Prussian host Terrania Unity Games after Americania hosted them.’ 
The Kenibian added ‘Kenibia’s president declared Isla his heir to the presidency for not having an heir to take over. After Isla assumed position as President she flaunted her athlete achievements caused by her following the Terrania Unity Games’ rules. Her sister’s execution by Eric who she called “Redeemer” as reasons why Kenibians must follow Terrania Unity Games’ rules when competing in athletic sports against other nations and in the Terrania Unity Games event.’ 
Brian adds “I and the Kenibian finished our talk then I left Kenibia to Americania to the Terrania Unity Games’ library in Atlanta to check something about the Kenibians competing in athletic events. I mention that the records show the Kenibians after Isla’s flaunting started following the rules started seeing historic results in athletic events. Some of them medaling for the first time and had no disqualifications common among Kenibian athletes in events whenever they break the rules. I mention that the records show that Terrania Unity Games starting with Oceana had no disqualifications in any events a trend that has continued to the recent finished Terrania Unity Games on Shonsurra some time ago.” 
Brian added “I say to Eric about the real reason why I think Eric is the Sun Lord. I mention that I got this from an old Kenibian I was talking to on Kenibia. 
The old Kenibian I met in the street came up to and told me ‘Eric mysteriously disappeared, last seen carrying Brianna while entering vehicle belonging to Sun Lord along with vehicle entering headquarters. Eric hasn’t been seen since.’ 
The old Kenibian has added ‘I’ve been telling people the theory of Eric being the Sun Lord himself I thinks will help people who worship Eric look at the Sun Lord the same way.’ 
Brian tells Eric “The old Kenibian left me walking up to other people I hears is telling them the same thing I was told. 
The theory must be true but I’m not sure for I think it could explain why the Sun Lord’s people told me ‘Eric is hidden without a hint of his location.’ 
Brian adds “I’ve asked my family descendants of Eric who I’m aware of are told of Eric’s location. They having the mind scan detecting ability to tell me on my death bed what happened to Eric and his hidden location-” 
Eric in Sun Lord outfit interrupts via Highlander signing “If possible I will personally reveal the secret of Eric to Brian on your death bed before you dies.” 
Brian says “I accept this. I have to leave to Shadan to be with my family who I have stayed away too long.” 
Eric waves a hand as Brian leaves the apartment. In the apartment with Highlanders and Niya’s presence Eric takes off mask as Niya takes off mask. 
He signs to Niya “A question of me being worshipped deity like, like the Sun Lord is worshipped too.” 
Niya responds by voice “The gonoid Humanoid species legend-“ 
Eric interrupts “I’m aware of that from Brianna telling me about the legend. This included my blood being the color of the sky like the gonoid Humanoid species legend.” 
Niya continues “The worshipping gonoid Humanoid species legends started among Kenibians who lived with the legend. They were exactly like the current races but had clawed hands that mysteriously disappeared from their island before island nations were aware of each other. The Kenibians told the other island nations who reported having the same people on their islands. When Eric was found and proven to be part of the gonoid Humanoid species legend with his blood the color of the sky. They started to worship Eric as one deity instead of having multiple races as deities for he is rumored to be the only known legend with a Human appearance which was rare among them.”  
 
“I do remember what happened next was Eric was in bed when he heard a female voice screaming nonsense sounds and he jerked his eyes awake.” 

Eric saw Niya sitting up in bed shaking her head while fisting her hands on her forehead. He heard the sound coming from Niya which he sat up putting arms around her pulling her towards him. He felt Niya quiet down and relax in his arms as he rubbed her head with his chin. He exhaled a breath and released his hold from Niya gently rubbing her back before getting up from the bed. He kept an eye on Niya as he changed out of his clothes to the Sun Lord uniform. Niya he saw got up from the bed darting towards the bathroom doorway which she ran in with light flashing around the entrance. Eric froze from putting on his jacket which he shrugged on and walked to the bathroom doorway which he could see the light was off. He felt annoyance arrive within him and went to the dresser next to the bedroom door grabbing his mask. He stormed out of the bedroom slamming the door which Jiang looked at him with a questioning look. He felt the Highlander scanning him as he went to the table throwing his mask on it and sat to eat his food. He once finished leaned back with arms folded as anger rose within him. 
He heard Jiang mentally speaking “Judging by mind scans in your mind, it appears that you have the ability to travel through doorways like the Zeskaya but I’m unsure of how to activate the ability.” 
Eric yanked on his mask and stood up walking to his bedroom door he opened it then stepped back and got an image of a room he recalled Ricky stayed in when he was in Oceana’s headquarters. He walked through the doorway and discovered himself not in his bedroom but in the room of his mind’s image. He went to the open doorway turning invisible to peer through to see Niya sitting on the couch looking angry and facing her were two male figures wearing Kaddar uniforms, one an Aquarian and one a Highlander. 
He heard Niya speak with anger in her voice in Basic “I don’t find it amusing being manipulated to come to here by a Highlander calling me.” 
He looked at the Highlander Kaddar who smile then heard Niya speak again “I’m the Mistress, the Sun Lord’s female-”
She he saw was interrupted by the Aquarian who reached forwards sticking a syringe in her arm who groaned loudly before leaning back in the couch falling asleep. 
The Aquarian spoke in Oceanan “Is she telling the truth with what she says about being the Mistress?”
He heard the Highlander speak in Oceanan “She is, but the Sun Lord won’t miss her for we’ll spread a rumor about the Mistress catching his illness and has disappeared from it.” 
He heard the Aquarian speaking “Is the Eraser here yet? Her memories must be erased for her to do this mission for us.” 
He felt anger and darted forwards through the doorway and felt himself falling unconscious appearing from his hidden state hitting the rugged floor.   

Eric woke up to discover himself sitting on the couch and he felt paralysis when he tried to move his arms. 
He saw in front of him facing him was a black haired Highlander with Tikcanni’s face who spoke “I can program the Sun Lord to go to the balcony then react in pain falling to the floor. His guards there should lift him up and carry him away as proof that the Mistress has disappeared and he is suffering from Han’s Syndrome.” 
Eric narrowed his eyes as he felt anger rising within him. 
He discovered he could move his mouth which he bared his teeth as the Highlander continued “Please turn your backs to keep the Sun Lord’s identity a secret.” 
He saw the two Kaddar turn their backs as the Highlander bent down yanking off his mask. He kept his teeth bared as he saw a frown appear on the Highlander’s face that reached with a hand and touched him on the cheek which he felt his mind scanned. He gave the Highlander a glare as an image of Tikcanni flashed in his mind’s eye with his gloved hands up in fists in a fighting stance. The image changed to show the Highlander walking down a hallway with open doors at both sides smoke pouring from both of them. He saw Claws appear with hand on the Highlander’s neck from an invisibility state and haul the Highlander backwards pulling him down the hallway as he felt the Highlander’s hand off his cheek. 
He glared at the Highlander who mentally spoke voice in his mind “I’m ordering you to go to the balcony and react in pain falling to the floor.” 
He felt the Highlander leave his mind as his mask was placed back on his head and heard the Highlander verbally say “It’s done, you can turn around.” 
The two Kaddar he saw turned around as the Highlander went to Niya putting hands on her forehead. He saw Niya’s eyes jerk open which showed pain then closed followed by a peaceful look on her face. He felt anger arrive within him felt feeling in his hands which he fisted along with sleepiness that persisted and he fell asleep. 

Eric woke up to discover himself lying in bed with paralysis still running from him. He looked around the room and spotted Niya sitting in a chair wearing an all brown outfit similar to the one she wore before taken to the hospital with a duffle bag in her lap. He felt anger rising as he saw her look at him with no recognition in her eyes and there was confusion in them. 
He heard an Oceanan accent voice in male tones speaking in Basic saying “Niya, its time for you to go so come out of the room.” 
His anger took control as Niya got up carrying the duffle back walking out of the room. 
He sneered when the familiar Highlander walked in view and felt his mind scanned. 
He snarled out mentally “You’re dead for what you did to my mate, Niya. I find intolerable. I’ll do what it takes to have you dead.” 
He felt his paralysis gone which he sat up swinging legs off the bed to find himself on the couch in his quarters which he got up with anger raging throughout him as he yanked the mask off his head. He saw Jiang eyeing him but didn’t feel his mind scanned as he went to the table throwing his mask down and went to the porch windows which he angrily fisted repeatedly. The windows to his annoyance remained intact to his punching and he leaned his form against them on his side. 
He felt his mind scanned and heard Jiang’s mentally speaking “I have to do a mind scan. I need to touch you which I insist you allow me to do it.” 
Eric snarled mentally as he gave Jiang a glare “Do it before I change my mind.” 
He looked away to lean his head against the window and folded his arms. He felt a hand with coldness in it touch his cheek and once again the image of Tikcanni with fists up appeared in his mind then went away. He stared out the window as the sun went lower then the sun disappeared as the light above turned to nighttime. Eric felt Jiang stopped scanning him as the Highlander’s hand left his cheek. He went to the table grabbing his mask and stormed to his bedroom slamming the door behind him. He went to his dresser yanking off his uniform and put on his pajama pants and gloves while feeling anger running through out him. He got in bed and leaned over Niya’s side of the bed towards the lamp which he shut off. He lied down and felt a headache as tears spilled from his eyes as the headache went away. He grabbed Niya’s pillow and brought it to his face as the tears flowed while crying hard. 
He thought to himself “I lost Brianna to death and now I lost Niya.” 
He released the pillow on his lap and yanked off his breathing device setting it besides his pillow and again brought Niya’s pillow to his face held in place by his gloved hands. His nose breathed Niya’s scent which eerie reminded him of Brianna as the rages arrived running through out him. He felt his tears stop as the angry feeling ran through him. He felt an urge to put on his breathing device arrive within him which became compelling. He didn’t resist as he put the tubes back in his nose breathing through them as his eyes sight cleared up but the anger remained. 
He narrowed his eyes of anger as he snarled mentally to himself “One way or the other I’ll get Niya back and will kill anyone who gets in my way.” 
He felt a powerful feeling of sleepiness arrive which he drooped his eyes while shaking his head and then surrendered to the feeling falling unconscious. 

Eric woke up with anger running through him as his window shade glowed from the sunlight outside. 
He growled mentally “I don’t care, for I’ll do what it takes to get Niya back with or without people’s help.” 
He added sneering “Merra! You hear me? I want Niya back with her mind restored! I’ll kill anyone who gets in my way for I’ll do what it takes to have Niya back!”
He paused as silence answered him and continued to snarl “Niya is mine, forever mine.” 
He tossed aside Niya’s pillow from his hand and with his other hand grabbed the breathing device as he got up from the bed going to his dresser which he put away his gloves and pajama pants and yanked out his underwear shorts and uniform. He stormed out of the bedroom while grabbing his mask slamming the door behind him. He saw Jiang eye him but didn’t feel his mind scanned. 
He went to the table to eat and once done sat back as he heard Jiang speak with voice “There’s a rumor going around that the Mistress has caught your illness and has disappeared from it.”
Eric felt his angry mood turn fouler as Jiang continued “I have one of the guards, a Highlander female to pose as the Mistress to be seen at the balcony to make that rumor false to people.” 
Eric gave Jiang a glare and got up from the chair yanking on his mask as he walked to the doorway entrance to his quarters and walked into the hallway to see a female form wearing the Mistress uniform standing besides a guard. He grabbed her arm and went to the elevator followed by Jiang which went to the balcony level floor. He walked out of the elevator to the balcony where he saw the crowd and heard them give out gasping sounds. He fisted a hand and waved it aimed at the crowd as he took the Mistress’ gloved hand placing it on his chest. He heard the crowd’s reaction was shock as he continued to wave a fisted hand at them then he stormed from the balcony tugging the Mistress with him. Once in the elevator he let go of the Mistress’ hand as an urge to breathe through his mouth arrived. He angrily breathed hard through his mouth as the rages arrived clouding up his eyes sight. He angrily charged with fists hitting the elevator wall and felt the elevator stop as he felt hands on his arms yanking him out. He felt himself forced in a sitting position with back to the wall and his mask yanked off his head as he continued to breathe through his mouth. He felt a foot on his chest pressing him down every time he tried to get up. Eric shut his eyes clamping his mouth shut as he forced himself to breathe through the tubes in his nose. He felt the urge to mouth breathe leave him as he breathe through his nose deeply. He felt himself calmer but still angry as he opened his eyes to stare at Jiang squatting next to him. 
He stared at the Highlander who spoke “There’s a TV broadcast recorded you need to see.” 
He got up from the floor as Jiang straightened his form and was handed his mask which he gripped in his hand as he followed the Highlander down the hallway to a door with two Highlanders in front of it. He followed Jiang inside which he saw was his quarters and went to stand behind the couch eyes staring at the large TV monitor as Jiang picked up the remote from the coffee table. He frowned staring at the TV monitor which clicked on showing a female Felidae from the waist up wearing a frilly top speaking in foreign language which Eric assumed was Americanian. 
He heard Jiang mentally speaking in his mind “Says word on the street from talking with sources is that there’s a rumor about the Mistress catching the Sun Lord’s illness and disappearing from it which has been proven false.”
The monitor flashed showing a down below a view aimed up towards he wearing the Sun Lord uniform on a balcony with the Mistress besides him. He saw his hand was in a fist waving towards the crowd while holding up the Mistress’ hand to his chest. 
The scene changed back to the Felidae who spoke with Jiang translating mentally “Says the recorded scene is of the Sun Lord appearing to be angry and the Mistress alive. His majesty’s guard at the entrance of the building gave us a statement said to be from the Sun Lord himself.” 
The scene cut to a Highlander wearing Jiang’s uniform standing in front of a glass door with another Felidae in view holding a microphone speaking in foreign language. 
Jiang, Eric heard mentally translated “Says the Sun Lord’s female the Mistress is fine and is not disappeared like what’s been said. 
His majesty has ordered me to say quoting ‘I am angry that people are speaking lies about me and the Mistress which I find intolerable.’”
The view changed to a female Human he recognized as President Victorian-Kossman sitting behind a desk with a microphone in front of her speaking in foreign language which he heard Jiang say “Says I have heard the rumor of the Mistress’ disappearance which have been proven false and heard what his majesty has said about it. I find the rumor not acceptable for I recall there being a similar rumor when I was in the hospital having my son which I am still furious about.” 
TV monitor clicked showing a black screen as if turned off which Eric folded his arms as he felt angry rage running through him. He stormed to the windows punching them which remained intact to his fists. He leaned his form against the window with anger running through him. He continued to lean on the windows till the sun light became dim outside.  
He felt a headache of his mind scanned and heard Merra’s annoyed voice yelling “Lix, you stupid idiot! Niya is tied like I told you repeatedly! Lix, you fool, should be listening to me a mind walking sentient plant when I’m trying to advise you on things instead of manipulating me to do things with your awful voice!”
Eric stiffened as Merra added with a calmer tone “Lix is an idiot who doesn’t care about anything but himself and what he wants with Niya, harrumph.”
He felt Merra leave his mind as it dawned on him, Merra’s words. 
He mentally thought to himself “Lix manipulated Merra to give him Niya who’ll go to him willingly.” 
He roared out mentally “Merra! Lix is dead for I’ll kill him when I get the chance!”
He mentally added “Wait till I get my hands on that bastard and kill him. I’m dying to use my claws and I think Lix will do.”
He straightened his form grabbing his mask and stormed into his bedroom slamming the door. 
He tossed his mask onto the dresser and yanked off his jacket tossing it on the bed as he roared out mentally “Merra! Transport me to Lix now!”
He blinked his eyes to find himself standing with wooden double doors facing him. He bared his teeth and grabbed the handles throwing the doors open that hit the stone walls with a bang sound and stood. He saw Humans he assumed Builders sitting on benches some with cups in their hands pause from their motions when they heard the noise and looked in his direction. He spotted King Winter standing in a corner with a glaring stare at the Builders. He walked into the room with his eyes narrowed looking at each of the Builders till he spotted Lix with a frown on his face sitting on a bench with Niya with confusion in her eyes next to him. He walked further into the room till he was near the table Lix sat then pointed a finger at Lix and with another finger on his other hand ran it front of his throat. 
He heard Merra speaking voice in his head “Lix you idiot, you forgot to use your voice on my children who eavesdropped my talks with you and told him what was going on. It was they who transported Eric here who wants to kill you according to his finger gestures.”
He gave Lix a glare and continued to bare his teeth as Lix got up from the bench walking towards him speaking “Niya.” 
He felt himself passing out going unconscious and he roared mentally “Niya!”
Eric came to find himself kissing lips with his lips and eyes closed which his bare hands felt a female form from them on her chest and he felt her hands on both of his cheeks. He jerked his head away while opening his eyes to stare at Niya in the eyes that had recognition and affection in them. He continued to stare at Niya who turned her head to his left looking down and he looked to see Lix lying on the floor eyes closed with head at an angle. He saw King Winter standing next to Lix with his glaring eyes aimed at William standing with Builders surrounding him in a semi circle his eyes aimed at the Cold Lord. Eric turned his head towards Niya who looked at him. 
He stared at her with confusion as she spoke “Lix said my name and got in a fist fight with you who he appeared to have no defenses from you. After you knocked him out heading towards me, I saw King Winter grab Lix’s head and with a hand twisting it at the neck which I heard a snapping sound which is when you reached me.”
Eric frowned as Niya paused then continued “Once Lix was defeated I felt my memories in my mind restored by Merra along with the horror images I’ve been getting changed to show them as Lix’s memories.
She told me ‘Lix was unknowingly passing to you when you were used as his conduit.’” 
He felt annoyance hearing that as he heard William’s voice speaking loudly “Merra, I request you transport Eric and his female back home.” 
He blinked his eyes to find himself with Niya back in their quarters. 
He heard Jiang’s voice speaking from besides him “Welcome back Mistress.”
He heard Kossman’s voice speaking from behind him “It’s good to see you, Sun Lord and Mistress.”  
Eric wrapped his arms around Niya who continued to rub his cheeks with her hands. 
He exhaled a breath as he thought “Finally Lix is dead. King Winter did me a favor by killing him.”
Eric exhaled a breath again and let go of Niya as she let go of touching him. He took Niya’s hand and pulled her into the bedroom with her closing the door behind them. He again hugged Niya as he felt her hands touch his chest rubbing with her head on his shoulder. He shut his eyes as a smile came to his face then he frowned as Niya took her head off his shoulder which he let go of her. He went to his dresser as he saw Niya go to her dresser opening a drawer and saw her yank out clothing that was white and folded before going into the bathroom. He rubbed a hand on his forehead then yanked off his uniform putting it away to put on his pajama pants and gloves then got in bed lying down staring at the bathroom door with impatience. He was rewarded when Niya came out dressed in a white dress like nightgown he frowned seeing looked twin to the one Brianna wore when she was alive on the cruise ship.   
He stared at Niya who spoke “Eric, you mind holding me in a certain position in bed with my back touching your chest? I feel the need to be held that way.” 
He exhaled a breath and signed “The position is called spoon fashion.” 
Niya spoke “You mind spoon fashion me?”
He nodded his head and held up his arms towards Niya who turned off the lamp and watched her get in bed which he placed his arms around her spoon fashioning her. He stiffened as he felt the nightgown which felt similar to Brianna’s as confusion ran through out him. He felt a powerful feeling of sleepiness closed his eyes falling asleep. 

Eric found himself floating above his body lying in bed on his back as he saw Niya get up turning on the lamp. He frowned as he saw tears falling from Niya’s eyes that walked towards the bathroom doorway. He felt anger when he saw Lix appear from a hidden state standing in front of Niya who halted from her walk appearing to not see him.
He heard Lix speak “Look at Eric, look at him, don’t abandon him.”  
Eric felt confusion as he saw Niya turn around staring at himself lying in bed with the blanket up to the waist of his pants baring him from below his navel to above showing his muscular body and his hands. Eric saw were on his chest with arms bent to show muscles on them. He saw Lix disappear fading from his eyes sight as Niya took a step towards him followed by walking to the bed. He continued to watch Niya who used the hem of her nightgown to dry her tears then saw her sit on the bed before leaning over to place a hand on his stomach with ridged muscles bunching on it. Eric found himself back in his body and opened his eyes to stare at Niya whose eyes he saw was staring at her hand. He felt her hand gently rub the muscles of his stomach then removed her hand to twist with back to him towards the lamp. He watched her turn off the lamp then saw her blindly touch him grabbing his hands gently yanking them off his chest. Eric allowed before putting her head down on his chest along with her hand on his stomach. He felt her hand rub the area gently and felt her form become still which he assumed was asleep.  Eric closed his eyes letting sleep overtake him.

Eric woke up feeling lips kissing his with a hand on his chest. He felt the lips belonged to Niya which he kissed back. He shivered as she broke off the kiss and he opened his eyes to stare at Niya who stared at him with a hint of a smile in her face. 
He grabbed her arms and rolled them over as Niya shrieked “Eric!”
He silenced her shriek by kissing her on the lips while feeling her hand touching his chest. 
He stiffened as he heard Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his head “Your Majesty? Its late morning, are you going to be in bed all day?”  
Eric with regret broke off the kiss and turned around to see Jiang peering through the doorway at him which he mentally spoke while feeling the Highlander scanning him “No.” 
Jiang in response closed the door. Eric sat up from the bed and got up as he saw Niya out of the corners of his eyes do the same. He got dressed into the Sun Lord Uniform as Niya changed into the Mistress Uniform. 
He frowned as she faced him and he signed “The nightgown? Where did you get it?”
Niya spoke “I’m not sure where it came from but it was in the drawer.” 
He went out to the living room to the table where he sat and began eating and drinking his food and drink as Niya did the same. 
He once finished leaned back with a frown on his face as he heard Kossman at his side speak “I took the liberty of getting some things from the water ship which I put in dresser drawers in your bedroom while you were out retrieving Niya.” 
Eric felt annoyance arrive which he thought to himself “The nightgown Niya is wearing, belongs to Brianna.”
He got up and went to the bedroom followed by Niya towards Niya’s dresser which he yanked open drawers. He saw the first drawer held Brianna’s nightgown and a bathrobe. He looked in the second drawer and saw it was empty which he assumed held Niya’s Mistress Uniform. Then he looked in the third and last drawer of the dresser which he saw held another Mistress Uniform with booted shoes. He closed the drawers and walked to his dresser walking by Niya watching him. Eric looked to see the first drawer had his pajamas, gloves and bathrobe he had yet to wear. He looked in the second drawer which empty was for he guessed held his Sun Lord Uniform. He pulled open the third drawer and saw an extra Sun Lord Uniform complete with boots folded in it. He exhaled a breath and went to the dresser next to the bedroom door that had four drawers which he pulled open the top drawer. He saw three folders filled to the brim in it which he saw one had his name on it. He peered in the other two folders to see one had pictures of the Hybrids his children attached to papers and saw the third folder had papers and pictures of his sisters, Ionela, Lana and Arielia attached to them. He closed the drawer and opened the second drawer which he saw held his cruise ship pajamas folded with a picture of he lying on top of it along with his cruise ship clothes and sneakers. Exhaling a breath he closed the drawer and looked in the third drawer which he saw four folders filled to the brim with each having names on them. 
He read “Andrew Kossman, Alexei Zesky, Anya Lake, Kurpanov and Trevor.” 
Frowning he closed the drawer and opened the fourth drawer which also held two folders filled to the brim with each having names on them. 
He read the names which said “Kurpanov and Elisa, Bruce Arkov and Elizabeth Zeskaya-Arkova.” 
He closed the drawer and stood up shutting his eyes as an urge to mouth breathe arrive which he felt hands holding him in a hug while feeling a head touching his chin which he recognized belonged to Niya. He shut his mouth and breathed through the tubes in his nose as he felt the urge leave him. He placed hands on Niya’s back to rub and felt her head move from touching his chin which he opened his eyes to stare at her brown eyes filled with concern. 
He stepped back as Niya’s hands released him and he signed “I’m alright just had an urge to mouth breathe. Come let’s go to the balcony. I might as well see how the crowd is doing.” 
He walked out with Niya following him and grabbed his mask off the dining table as she did the same.  He put on the mask as she followed his example. 
He felt his mind scanned and aimed his face towards Jiang as he mentally spoke “I like to see how the crowd is going to react to seeing us.” 
He saw Jiang nod his head. He took Niya’s gloved hand and together they walked out of the quarters to the elevator followed by Jiang. The elevator stopped at the balcony floor which he walked out to the railing and peered down. Eric frowned seeing the crowd who was silent seeing he heads aimed at his direction. 
He exhaled a breath and pulled Niya into the hallway which he signed “Looks like we’ll have to walk among them.” 
He heard Niya verbally speak his words while hearing Jiang speaking “I was afraid of this.” 
He and group entered the elevator which went down and took the same route as before to outside which he stood watching the crowd before walking down the ramp towards them. He let go of Niya’s hand to point down with a finger and walked further down the ramp with Jiang trailing him. He reached the outskirts of the crowd who parted going aside to show a Highlander wearing a Kaddar uniform with arms behind his back with two Shadonians one having a hand on the Highlander’s shoulder. 
Eric folded his arms as one of the Shadonians spoke in Basic “This is the fool who spoke the lie about the Mistress’ disappearance spreading it among the people.”    
Eric walked forward unfolding his arms till he was standing in front of the Highlander which he saw appeared to make a gulping motion with his throat. He turned sideways and with a quick move brought his fist into the Highlander’s stomach hard. The Highlander he saw groaned loudly before bending down retching out liquid from his mouth.  He heard a loud siren like noise and saw the crowd scatter darting in many directions while seeing the Shadonia haul the still retching Highlander with them. He turned around and walked up to Niya grabbing her hand and pulled her inside with Jiang following him. Once inside after the door closed he pulled Niya towards him and wrapped his arms around her, his head leaning on her head. He felt Niya’s arms around him in a hug as he exhaled a breath through his mouth and with regret let go of hugging Niya who let go of hugging him. He took her hand and together the two walked up the stairs to the hallway leading to the elevator. The elevator took them to the desired floor which he walked out and went to his quarters which he yanked off his mask putting it on the table. He leaned against the covered porch windows as he heard the door to the bedroom open and closed behind him.
He frowned as Merra’s yelling words echoed in his mind “Niya is tied!”   
He narrowed his eyes barring his teeth as he mentally spoke to himself “That bastard mated with Niya hence Merra’s words, Argh.”
He mentally added “I don’t care whether Niya agrees or not I’m mating with her tonight. I’ll do what it takes to get her to submit to my demand.” 
He peered out the window to see nothing but falling whiteness which he straightened up and grabbed his mask off the table to walk into the bedroom slamming the door. He placed his mask on the dresser next to the door next to Niya’s as he went to his dresser yanking off the Sun Lord Uniform. He placed the clothes into the drawer and opened another drawer yanking out his gloves which he placed on his hands. He grabbed his breathing device with his right hand and stood with arms folded facing the bathroom door in the buff eyes narrowed and his teeth bore on his face. He stood waiting as Niya wearing Brianna’s nightgown walked out holding her Mistress uniform folded in her hands with eyes aimed at the floor. He stood watching Niya as she put away the uniform in the dresser then saw her stiffened by her movements followed by her looking at him with a shocked expression on her face. 
Eric signed “I want to mate and I insist you submit.” 
He saw Niya frown and heard her speak “I refuse-“
Eric interrupted signing “That nightgown you’re wearing belonged to Brianna whom I don’t mind you’re wearing.  Don’t tempt me to rip it off your form if you don’t submit for I insist on mating and I’ll do it whether you agree or not.” 
He lowered his hands fisting one of them as he held the breathing device in his other hand while forming a sneer on his face. He gave Niya a sneering glare who frowned then with hesitance in her movements took off the nightgown baring her body and watched her folding it in the drawer before shutting off the lamp. He kept the glare on his face as Niya got on the bed laying on it which he got in bed putting the device between the pillows and moved his form on top of her as her legs parted to accommodate him. He felt jolts of pleasure from her skin touching his skin as he entered her thrusting in movement while feeling her meeting his movements. His hands grabbed her sides’ thumbs rubbing while hearing her gasp out moaning sounds as he saw a pleasant expression on her face. He felt more feelings of pleasure arrive spilling in him as he moved and shook hard from a powerful charged feeling of intense pleasure. Eric spilled himself inside her while hearing her give out a loud long moaning sound. He felt his shaking stop as the pleasures feeling lowered its ebb as he placed his hands underneath her back and brought his lips to her lips ravaging her mouth with his. He felt Niya kiss him back by her moving mouth and felt her hands running through his hair as he tightened his hold on her.  He broke off the kiss to kiss Niya on the cheeks then raised his head to stare at her in the face with night vision. Her eyes stared back unseeing him in the darkness of the room. He felt Niya’s hands touch his cheeks gently rubbing while seeing a look of a smile in her facial expression. 
He lowered his head to put it next to hers cheek touching her cheek and exhaled a breath through his mouth as he thought “Mine, mine, forever mine.”
He felt Niya’s hands stroke his hair before settling them on his back and heard her breathing become deeper while sensing her asleep.  He shut his eyes as a smile came to his lips and he allowed himself to sleep- 
“What do you remember involving the Sun Lord’s identity as revealed?” as interrupted by Jimo very rudely according to Recorder.

“Eric’s hidden identity as Sun Lord is revealed as said by Me.” said Eric.
 
Eric as Sun Lord with identity hidden meets racial and island leaders in President Victorian-Kossman’s office who all insist to him “Your Eric!” 
He takes off mask off his head as Niya does the same revealing that he’s Eric which he sees their reactions isn’t shock but knowing awareness.
Eric goes out to the crowd with Niya besides him both having identities hidden. 
Crowd there insist to him “Your Eric!” which Merra spoke “I warn you that they were going to yank your mask off by force and find out if Eric as Sun Lord was true or not.” 
Eric takes off mask showing his face which crowd isn’t shocked to see. 
“I recalled Eric is given a new jacket with a hooded mask part attached for him to wear covering his head but showing his eyes seen through clear eye plates on the mask part of the hood.” 

Niya is given a new jacket that leaves her hands bare but has a hood for her to cover her head.  Eric visits Shadan to meet High Lord who takes him and group for a walk in a forest park. 
Wind blows and rain water fall landing on the group and poisons Eric who hit the ground falling unconscious while hearing Niya scream his name “Eric!” 
He wakes up to discover he’s in a leaning sitting position in bed in a white room with a needle prick feeling in his throat. 
Eric speaks mentally out of it to Jiang he hallucinates “Tikcanni about being in heavn. It’s not time for me to join the dead and wants to come back to stay with Niya.” 
Eric gets sleepiness falls asleep passing out and wakes up feeling himself better and the needle prick feeling in his throat is gone. He finds that his jacket is off his form and he’s still wearing his Sun Lord uniform. 
Jiang in his eyes sight uses voice to speak to him “Your Majesty was out unconscious for three suns.” which Niya comes in view grabbing him in a hug with her arms. 
He notices curtain in the wall which he spoke “I asks Jiang about that curtain leading to a room for wastes.”
Jiang spoke “I call Private room. I was saying His Majesty mentions needing to use it.” 
He sees Jiang look at Niya who let go of him and help him up which he walks to the curtain and enters the room which he sees is a bathroom. 

Eric comes out feeling a little bit better but hungry which Jiang gestures to a table with two trays of food on it which Niya and he ravenously eat. 
Jiang after he’s eaten mention verbally “After the water fell on the group Merra transported them to the hospital who doctors with my input injected the medicine in His Majesty’s neck.” 
Jiang adds as Eric see Niya bow her head eyes not looking at him “The Mistress was hysterical very upset that she was injected with a sleep drug to put her out while they worked on saving His Majesty’s life. The High Lord made no secret of His Majesty’s water poisoning announcing that to the public. He wound up alerting the other island and racial leaders of this with a threat. He won’t tolerate any water hitting His Majesty as Sun Lord whether it’s accidental or on purpose. He is willing to use deadly force against individuals responsible for any water poisoning hitting His Majesty.” 
Eric frowns as Jiang pauses to as the door opens and the doctor a monarch comes in the room speaking “I’m requesting to examine His Majesty with a scanner device I have in hand.” 
Eric gets up and gets scanned which Monarch says “Your fine and can leave the hospital.”  
Eric signed “I ask for my jacket.” signing it to Niya who picks it up from her chair handing it to him. 
He puts it on and then group leave to hospital entrance which a Felidae blocks the way insisting “His Majesty is to put on his hooded mask for the sky outside doesn’t look right with the air smelling like rain to me.” 
Eric obeys putting on masked hood which he and group leave hospital to vehicle that takes him to High Lord’s palace where he meets the High Lord in his office. 
High Lord explains to him “The reason for blabbing your water poisoning incident was I think that the others should be aware of your aversion to water so they won’t hurt him thru any means with water.” 
Eric thru Jiang spoke “I get the message.” then High Lord mentions “Oceana will be soon hosting a sporting event called Terranian Medalists Challenge. It is like the Terrania Unity Games but it’s a Terrania Unity Games medalist only. It’s an event for athletes to complete to have a rematch of their medal wins from the Terrania Unity Games and see if they’ll repeat their medal wins or wound up changing their position.” 
Jiang speaks pretending to speak from Eric which he is annoyed about, “Accepting the invite to be present to the sporting event.” 
Eric, Niya and guards go to plane which on it Eric reams Jiang out mentally while signing his words, Niya speaking “The acceptance instead of consulting me about it shouldn’t have happened.”
Jiang to Eric’s grumbling “Apologizes but mentions that refusing to go to that event would make people think there’s something medically seriously wrong with His Majesty, who had the no so secret water poisoning.” 
Eric gets mad and tries to charge at Jiang with his hands fisted but is blocked by Niya who places bare hands on his cheeks and kisses him on the lips. Eric feels jolts of pleasure from the kiss rolls his eyes and kisses Niya back. He puts his arms around Niya holding her tight against him as they continue kissing. Eric closes his eyes and enjoys the kiss. 
Niya to his regret breaks off the kiss to verbally speak “I want to go to the bedroom.” 
She takes his arm and pulls him inside the bedroom with Jiang closing the door behind them. Eric and Niya get in another lip lock which they break off to strip of their clothes and shoes then naked get themselves on the bed mating with him on top of her with his bare hands underneath her back clawing the bed. He feels electrical intense jolts of pleasure from the mating while sensing her feeling the same feeling. After mating Eric pulls out grabbing the blankets at the foot of the bed and pulls it over them and falls asleep while having his head on top of Niya who falls asleep. Sometime during his sleep he senses the plane move taking off into the air and flying but he stays asleep and during it tightens his arms around Niya with his bare hands underneath her back while hearing her moan some sound of pleasure.     

Eric arrives in Oceana takes the same elevator to the city while wearing his hood mask at Jiang’s talk “I’m insisting His Majesty wears his mask.”
Eric hugs Niya with eyes closed trying not to get the same sickness he had before. 
He hears Jiang talk “There’s a black and white colored large gonoid water fish like species named Orca that breathes air despite being a water creature swimming besides the elevator going down. I mention that Oceanans have a tradition that when one sees an Orca or Orcas consider them good luck.” 
He hears Niya ask “Jiang about a legend that said Orcas have saved stranded in the seas people who are in the water by towing them to land.” 
Jiang mentions “The legend must be true for there are reports of it happening over time from people who went missing at sea were found alive on land. They reportedly said that Orcas towed them to land which saved their life.” 
Elevator stops and Eric feels relief which he and group enter same room as before to again meet the Emperor. Eric shows his face and sees the crowd showing shocked expressions on their faces then clap and cheer happy noises.  Eric while in quarters shared with Niya asleep in bed freaks out about the water noises getting very scared, he’s not wearing his hooded mask as he freaks out. 
He begs “Merra to transport me elsewhere!” but she doesn’t do it. 
He gets up as he gets image of his quarters’ bedroom and darts towards the open bathroom doorway running through it. Eric appears in a large grey room and sees Humans with eyes that flare golden appear wearing black clothing appear. 
There’s a male with short blonde hair who halt them by speaking “Eric, I’m identifying him as Terrania’s Sun Lord.” 
Eric realizes that the Humans are Builders. 
The male adds “I introduce myself as Dinnen who is the captain of the Builder guardian force called Kalka.” 
Eric is escorted to the General’s office who he meets arrives and is confused to see his appearance is the same as the Terranian Builder William who also has the same name. Eric is told by William “Your to come with Me.” and is escorted by William, Dinnen and guards to a room.
There are arm chairs scattered around and several females sitting in chairs some nursing babies while some are sitting on the floor watching toddlers’ play with each other. William clears his throat loudly which Eric sees a female Builder he recognizes as Sabba who called herself Reena has a small babyish child with his face and eyes and hair color with mittens on his hands held in her arms. 
She hands him who accepts him holding him as William speaks “The child is Eric’s with female called Niya.” 
Sabba he stiffens at her placing a hand on his shoulder as he is holding the child. 
Sabba speaks “The child’s name is Eric. I apologized for my behavior towards you. It’s reason I did this to spite people. I was shocked when the next day you allowed me to hold you in a hug despite what I did to you. I is the third female to raise little Eric who while in baby hood wasn’t interested with the two previous females raising him. He was crying a lot. Little Eric calmed down after one of those females placed him in my arms and I’ve has raised him since.”  
Eric hears little Eric speak calling him “Da!” 
Eric turns his attention to and sees the child’s face has happiness on it while repeating the word. Eric strokes little Eric’s back gently as the kid falls asleep held in his arms. He gently hands little Eric to Sabba who goes to an arm chair to sit with the child asleep on her lap. 
He hears William speak four words “Derick, Erinna, Rican, Ceria. “ 
Four females he sees walk towards him each carrying a baby child in their arms all have face with his golden eyes and mittens on their hands. He sees two boys judging by their short hair and two girls by their longer hair. 
Eric is told “Those four are yours, as is introduced to the kids.” 
Eric realizes the four words he heard are the kids’ names that he takes turns holding them who each smile being held by him. After holding the kids Eric is escorted back to the gate room. Eric thinks of Niya and walks through coming out of the bathroom of the bedroom. Eric sees Niya is on the bed lying asleep with a peaceful look on her face. He hears the water noises but shrugs it off to go to the bed laying his form on top of Niya who moan some sound loudly but stays asleep. He places his hands underneath her back and places his head touching hers as he falls asleep feeling much better about the noises. Eric wound up stays asleep dreaming of a beach with Niya there hugging him head on his shoulder. Eric gets really relaxed from and then sleepiness arrives and scene goes black as he closes his eyes.  

Eric wakes up without Niya on the bed to discover the Highlander with Tikcanni’s face in the room. Eric discovers the Highlander is scared of him by his facial features. 
Eric mentally spoke “I threaten to punch.” and the Highlander closes his eyes. 
Eric turns invisible goes to stand in front of the door watching the Highlander who turns around darting towards the door which he appears. 
He hears a knock on the door opens it to show a Highlander in a Kaddar uniform that speaks in Oceanan “We’re requesting you to come with me with calling the Highlander Nadal to come along.” 
Eric is led to a room where he sees Niya there with a hurt look in her eyes as she stares at him then looks away. He is shown a force field monitor video of himself scratching Paul Palin posing as Emperor Palin when he lived in the cruise ship. Eric gets an angry feeling which turns his eyes sight to night vision and he shuts his eyes while letting the feeling run through him as he feels Niya hugging him. He remembers the first night he slept with Niya while in his Sun Lord quarters waking up to turn around putting a hand on her throat gagging her while feeling anger. He in the memory sees she won’t wake up puts one of her hands to grip his arm and he kisses her all over on the neck then lies on his back. This is followed by him sitting up getting the urge to mate which he recalls mating with Niya then spoon fashioning her. 
Eric calms down asked by Aquarian “What you have to say about the video?” 
Eric looks at a highlander and mentally says “A remark of not being amused.” then looks away. 
He and Niya are told “You’re ordered out and back to your quarters!” 
Once inside Niya goes to the bed lying down sobbing which he lies next to her and tries to touch her while feeling her stiffen to his touch. He falls asleep and wakes up feeling really upset about Niya being upset with him gets up to walk to the table to sit staring at her asleep. He spies a pitcher of water which he pours a cup full of water and walks to the window holding it in front of him. A black and white fish gonoid on the large size swimming in his view which he stares at then drops the cup full of water onto the floor that falls onto the rugged floor splashing around. He puts a hand on the window then goes to the door of the bedroom walking out letting his instincts take him to a door in the hallway. Eric takes revealing a stairwell which he goes up reaching the top most part opening the door and enters a railing decked area surrounded by water. He sees he’s not alone for the Highlander who another called him Nadal is there who looks at him with a fear look. He walks a few steps then kneels and bows his head closing his eyes while leaving his hands relaxed waiting. He feels his mind scanned as a memory of Tikcanni forgiving him flashes in his mind’s eye then ends as the scanner leaves his mind. He feels his mask pulled over his head and hears a door closing sound behind him. Eric senses rain falling over him and he gets up walking to the stairwell which he enters and goes back to his quarters shared with Niya. He sees Niya lying on her side facing his side of the bed with a hand on his pillow and he sees a peaceful look on her face that appears happy. He gets in bed taking her hand and puts it on his chest which he holds in place as he wraps an arm around her and falls asleep. 
He is waked by Jiang who mentally tells him “Its time to get up.” 
Eric and Niya get up to eat at the table eating food then follow Jiang out to the Emperor’s office where he sees Nadal there. 
Emperor spoke “I introduces Nadal as my son Nadal with his female I calls Ralia. I says is an evolved Trigan. I explain that the Trigans gonoid manoid species changed forms to become shape shifting Humans who change into Orcas and back.” 
Eric spies the familiar fish he saw out his window of his quarters behind the Emperor out the window. 
Eric stares at and hears the Emperor says “The fish identifying it as an Orca behind you is Ralia my mate who I like your majesty to meet.” 
He watches as Emperor, Turns around making some hand language signs then the Orca goes out of view. Eric and Niya are led outside to a water deck which he puts on his mask. He watches as an Orca large in size comes out of the water shifting form in a fast blurry speed into a Human female with appearance that is twin to Raisa. Eric gets angry feeling and feels Niya holding him as he recalls his meeting with Raisa and her ordering Tikcanni to have him whipped. 
He hears Ralia speak “His Majesty is controlled by his anger. The only person who can calm him down is the Mistress herself.” 
He calms down meets “This is Ralia.” 
Eric then is brought inside which while in the hallway Niya faints in front of him groaning of pain which he with escorts rushed to the hospital. 
At the hospital Eric is told by Jiang “I’m insisting on the Sun Lord to be convinced to let go of holding Niya so the doctors could attend to her care.” which he does and she is led away by stretcher. 
Eric is brought to a windowless sitting room with chairs which he gets the angry feeling along with the night vision eyes sight change allows the feeling to take control attacks the rooms contents destroying them. 
Eric wound up mentally repeating “Niya!” name in his mind. 
Till he stops being angry and kneels to cry tears while continuing to mentally repeat “Niya!”
Eric hears Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his head “Niya will be alright, having an allergic reaction to a piece of seafood she ate. You’ll be brought to her once they have her settled in a room.” 
He closes his eyes and allows himself to relax as he mentally repeats “Niya is alright!” over and over. 
Mostly while he’s calming down which he gets up going to an intact chair to sit staring at the walls thinking of memories of Niya.
Jiang mentally spoke interrupts his thoughts “I insists on His Majesty to come along.” 
He follows Jiang out of room to a series of hallways till they reached a room where he sees Niya lying on the bed with an oxygen mask on her face while asleep. He grabs chair put it next to the bed and sits to grab her hand. Eric yanks off mask hood to put his head on the bed besides her while holding her hand as he allows himself to surrender to sleep.  Eric dreams of himself with no clothes on while naked sitting on a beach underneath a palm tree with Niya naked sitting with legs spread over his legs. His hands are bare rubbing her breasts while playing with her nipples as her hands are on his shoulders and she is arched towards him with her eyes closed. He leans forwards to kiss her on the neck while massaging her breasts with his hands as she raises her head up to give him access to her neck. He brings his hands towards her hips to grip her there while breaking off kiss to move her onto his sensitive part himself entering her. He hears Niya gasp out a moaning sound as he moves her up and down his sensitive part by hands on her hips while feeling really good from the sex. He shakes from a jolt of pleasure arrive within him as he spills himself inside her while hearing her give out a loud moaning sound. He adjusts her legs till their besides his sides keeping himself inside her as he brings his hands again to her breasts to massage them while kissing her on the neck as her hands rub his shoulders. He feels sleepiness arrive followed by the scene going black. Eric wakes up with a hand touching his head and jerks his head up to see Niya woken up hand touching him while she’s lying in the bed oxygen mask on her face. He takes her hand he’s holding and brings it to his lips then to his cheek to hold it against his face while smiling at her as she looks at him with a smile. 
“From what I remember next involving this scene.” said Eric.
Eric with mask on and Niya are brought to an elevator that goes up opening to a large hangar room with a plane in it. 
Jiang speaks “Pipes nearly every where in the palace have been leaking water. The Emperor wants His Majesty to stay on his plane for his safety to prevent any water poisoning.” 
Eric and Niya find the plane have a bedroom complete with a bathroom that has a shower stall which they stay as a result of that staying. Eric as Niya is in the bathroom changes out of his clothes to lie in bed in the buff and goes to sleep with blanket covering his private by an inch. Eric dreams of himself above over his body to see Niya in the buff walking towards him lying on the bed with an angry look on her face. He sees Lix appear to his annoyance that Niya appears to not see. 
He hears Lix speak words “You love Eric, don’t deny it, for he loves you.” 
Lix disappear which Niya gets in bed turning off the light. He finds himself back in his body on the bed and senses Niya’s hands touching his chest rubbing all over while touching his muscled stomach. He puts hands on the bed’s head board while watching her touch his upper body along with her kissing him. Eric kisses back to roll her over on her back while putting his hands underneath her back claws aimed at the mattress. He and Niya mate taking their time while feeling pleasure like feelings running through him as he senses Niya feeling the same. 
Eric and Niya go to sleep and are waken by Jiang mentally telling them “Its time to get up.” 
Eric and Niya get up get dressed and leave the bedroom to another room that has a table and chairs to eat food then a guard arrives holding a child with face covered up which he hands to Eric who is confused. 
He hears a muffled “Da!” come from the child. 
Eric stiffens as he pulls the hooded mask similar to his off the kid’s face to see its little Eric who speaks “Da!” again. 
Eric looks at the guard with a questioning look. 
Guard speaks “The child is His Majesty’s with the Mistress-“
Guard is interrupted to hear Niya gasp loudly. 
Guard continues “The child was brought by an unidentified golden haired Human female transported to the quarters in Americania. Kossman returned her home.” 
Eric stiffens as he guesses “The female is Sabba.” 
The guard continues speaking “I brought the child here after the Atlanta Hospital done an intense testing on little Eric. They discovered that the child is His Majesty’s and the Mistress’s who doesn’t have the water poisoning but has inherited the poison in his clawed hands. Hence the hand coverings but is still being tested for his aging and growth rate.” 
He sees Niya gaping at him holding little Eric which he gets up and puts the kid in her arms which she holds tightly while hearing the kid speak “Ma.”  
He watches as the kid put arms around Niya’s neck while putting his head on her shoulder looking happy. 
Eric insists to Jiang mentally “What about bringing little Eric along and revealing him as my son to the public my way?” 
He adds “My identity was revealed by people figuring out about me. I want to reveal my son to them my way without people having to guess.” 
Jiang voices “What His Majesty is saying to the Mistress is his identiy was revealed by people figuring about him. He wants to reveal his son to them his way without people having to guess.”
Niya speak “I give a refusal-” 
Niya is cut off by Eric glaring at her with annoyance on his face. 
He signs “My identity was revealed not by my own choosing. I would rather reveal my son by my own choosing instead of people figuring it out and pointing it out to me.” 
Niya he sees frowns then voices “I give my agreement.” with annoyance in her tone. 
“From what I remember next is Eric wearing hooded mask while holding little Eric whose head and face is seen.”
The group goes to meet the Emperor and Nadal sitting in a chair appearing upset in Emperor’s office. Eric notices that the Emperor seems shocked to see little Eric. 
The Emperor nosily asks “I have questions about little Eric and the twins Sun Lord flaunted as his children.” 
Jiang speaks “The twins who recently passed away were descendants of the Sun Lord whose parents passed away. A family member requested Sun Lord and his mate to raise them as his own children.” 
Eric mentally speaks with Jiang voicing “Little Eric is my son who is Terranian born with the Mistress. He was raised off Terrania. Little Eric was recently returned to be take care of.” 
He mentally asks Niya thru Jiang “I’m asking if the Mistress and the Emperor are related. It’s from hearing her mention her parents who have the same family name as the Emperor.” 
Niya speaks “My parents’ names- “t
The Emperor interrupts to say “My family line from Hades fathering a son named Mykaru who he’s a descendant of had an older brother named Yevgeny. He is said to father a slow growth daughter named Niya. I includes the hospital revealed as the Mistress herself.” 
Niya speaks “My shock!” 
The Emperor then adds “Nadal has found a Highlander mate who had Marisaki’s Syndrome. I is in process of trying to find descendants of Hades’ other children to see if Nadal can pass the throne to one of them.” 
Eric frowns face hidden as Nadal groans out “How about having the Sun Lord’s son take the throne when the time is right?” 
The Emperor asks “The Sun Lord if he agrees with this.” 
Eric speaks through Jiang saying “His Majesty says his son is still being tested for his aging and growth rate so he can’t agree to this yet.” 
The Emperor speaks to Nadal “The Sun Lord’s son taking over idea is good but the son could have inherited his mother’s slow growth rate so they’ll still have to continue their search for other descendants.” 
Nadal, Eric sees groans loudly before sinking lower in a chair with an unhappy look on his face while folding his arms. He feels little Eric fidget in his arms who he notices is pointing at the window which he spots an Orca peering through it with fishes swimming by. 
He hears the kid give off an “Eek!” sound. 
Kid is felt while squirming in his arms which he looks at Jiang and then gestures with his head towards the kid in his arms still giving off the eek sound. He notices the Emperor staring and then looks behind him at the Orca out the window then at little Eric who is still giving off the eek sound while moving. 
He hears Jiang verbally speak “Little Eric is feeling a curiosity interests towards the Orca but the kid isn’t sure what to do with the feeling. Hence he is giving off his noises because of confusion.” 
Eric via Jiang spoke “His Majesty requests through the Emperor to hold a press conference to explain his son to the public.” 
Emperor spoke “I agree to this by telling Sun Lord that the announcement will be held in the stadium. I’ll arrange as soon as possible.” 
Eric sees the Emperor glare at a Kaddar Highlander standing besides him who nods head then leaves the room. This order is done as Eric wearing mask walks into stadium with Niya, himself holding little Eric who is awake facing away from himself staring at the crowd. 
At the microphone Jiang speaks for Eric mentally telling him words which Eric speaks “His Majestay is introducing his son little Eric. His Majesty mentions that he’s Terranian born and was raised off Terrania and was returned to him. His Majesty includes that the twins he flaunted as his children whose parents disappeared.” 

“Disappeared is spoken for dead according to the High Council themselves.” as said by them and said by me, storyteller, Eric Zesky telling the tale.” Recorder is surprised to Eric using the identity of Eric Zesky when talking the tale.
Recorder during a pause of Eric’s storytelling recalls “Eric Zesky was cloned by the Rakcar multiple times including the Sun Lord known as Dictator himself. Recorder heard Eric start up the story will type more lately.

“The raising was from themselves were from another family member request. The family the parents were a male who had a medical ailment that kept him from raising the twins with his mate who also had the medical ailment. His Majesty adds he is wearing a breathing device for a medical ailment he doesn’t want to explain what it is. Says the device has affected his ability to talk but he can communicate through Highlanders and hand language.” 
Crowds’ reaction he hears is that their fine with his words and seemed to accept them by how they cheer to his wording. 

Eric with Niya goes on balcony to see the crowd that is silent heads staring at him despite him not wearing his masked hood. Eric gets a little annoyed which Niya and him go down to outside to see the crowd where they meet Hades. Hades is rude to Eric who doesn’t show that he’s annoyed by Hades roaring in his face along with thrusting fists in his face. Eric grabs Hades’ arm when Hades walks towards Niya who is meters behind him. Eric manages to grab Hades’ fist when the Drainer tries to punch him and keeps an ironclad hold on his arm. Eric feels Hades struggles but manages to put the Drainer in kneeling position then let goes of him.
Eric mentally speaks to Jiang speaking his words “Hades, a warning, that His Majesty has claimed Niya as his mate. His Majesty won’t tolerate her being hurt by anyone or allowing Drainers to feed off of her.” 
He walks away taking Niya’s arm and walks inside the building to his quarters just as the building’s alarm sounds. 
Jiang says “That’s an unwelcome visitor.” 
Eric stands with hands fists eyes staring at the door as Niya is behind him. He sees Hades with knife out enter the room finds himself frozen as Hades take Niya to the twins’ room slamming the door closed. Eric finds himself unfrozen runs to the door can’t open it and then gets image of the room the twins’ room. Eric runs to his bedroom doorway going through it to come out of a shower stall which he walks out of the bathroom in a fast move towards Hades who thrust out knife and he’s frozen. He is helpless to move as Hades grabs him and hauls him into the bathroom into the shower stall and is held in place by Hades’ hand as Hades thrusts back knife. Eric struggles as Hades turns on the shower releasing his hold on Eric closing the shower door. Eric feels water poisoning smashes himself through the shower door to hit the floor while hearing Niya screaming words he doesn’t understand. 
Hades’ face swims in his vision which he moves his mouth saying the words “Help me” before passing out unconscious. 
Eric comes to find himself lying on a hard bed while feeling a pain prick in his neck of a needle in it with his eyes closed. He feels movement of a small body on his chest which he recognizes as little Eric sleeping on him judging by his still form with his son’s chest moving up and down while breathing. Eric passes out going unconscious and then comes feeling the needle in his neck removed and little Eric sitting on his chest. 
Niya’s voice speaking “I’m urging you to wake up for its been four suns since your water poisoning!” 
Eric finds himself better opens his eyes to see Niya leaning over him with one of her hands on little Eric sitting on his chest. He sees her happiness as she kisses him on the lips with a bare hand on his cheek and breaks off kiss to smile at him which he smiles back. 
He hears Niya say “Eric is awake!” and watches her pick up little Eric. 
Eric sits up to face Trevor waving a scanner over him along with feeling Jiang scanning his mind which he allows. 
Eric is told by Jiang “The Mistress yelled about His Majesty’s problem with water to Hades who picked him up. Hades hauled him escorted by Jiang and guards to here before allowing guards to handcuff him. He was put in the brig where he hasn’t given out any complaints except giving out requests to feed him. He has been cooperating with the guards.” 
Eric feels annoyed which the feeling goes away when Niya thrusts little Eric to him. Eric grips while hearing the kid give out giggling noises which he hears Jiang mentally tell him “The kid is happy being held by His Majesty.” 
Jiang adds verbally “Little Eric was crying a lot ever since His Majesty was put in the medical room. Little Eric hasn’t been sleeping very much for two of the four suns while His Majesty was out unconscious.” 
Jiang includes “The Mistress in her desperation to get little Eric to stop crying brought him to the medical room. The doctor found him fine but mind scans show that the kid was aware of his father being hurt was reacting from the awareness hence his crying. Litte Eric was placed on His Majesty. The kid fell asleep and seemed to have stopped his bouts of crying.” 
Eric hears little Eric give off a sound he recognizes as “Da!” while holding him with his hands while squirming. 
Eric adjusts his hold till an arm is around his son while holding him with his other hand and feels his son’s squirming stop while hearing the kid continue to give off giggling sounds.  
Eric in his bedroom wakes up to see the light is on and there’s no light glowing on the window shade which he gets up walking to the bathroom to peer in. He sees Niya holding a medicinal bottle in her hand and watches her go into the shower stall. Eric quickly goes into the bathroom to the shower stall to glare at a surprised Niya still holding the bottle. 
He signs “You’re my mate, don’t keep secrets from me.” 
He takes the bottle from her and deposits it in the garbage chute then walks out of the bathroom followed by Niya. He gets in bed as she gets in bed turning off the lamp and he forces her in a spoon fashion position which he spoon fashions with his arms around her and falls asleep. 

Eric wakes up when its daylight by Jiang mentally telling him “It’s late morning and is wondering if His Majesty was going to spend all day in bed.” 
Eric gets up to discover that Niya isn’t with him in the room. He gets dressed goes out to the living room to the table where he eats food. He notices as he looks at his Highlander guards that they won’t meet his eyes and he’s confused about. He sees the door to little Eric’s room is closed which once finished goes to the door.
Eric is blocked by a Highlander speaking verbally “The Mistress doesn’t want to be disturbed.” 
He frowns and mentally spoke “I ask Merra what was going on?” but hears silence.
Eric leaves his quarters to the elevator and doesn’t feel his mind scanned as the elevator moves going down which it stops at the hallway with the shield door which he gets off. 
He goes inside the room to Brianna’s coffin which he feeling his mind scanned mentally talks to her “Niya not trusting me with her secrets. She should be doing for she’s my mate. The relationship of mates is based on trust and there should be no secrets between us. Niya isn’t honoring with me. I include wishing that Niya would trust me. If I had any secrets from her I wish that Niya would ask.  I’ll tell her about them.” 
He leaves the room as his mind stops being scanned and goes to his quarters where he sees Niya come out of the room not looking at him while holding little Eric. Eric is annoyed by her ignoring him when he tries to get her attention to sign to her. He watches her feed the kid food from a tray with a spoon and gives the kid something to drink then the kid falls asleep. He goes to her who she ignores him and his gesture request to hold the kid. Eric follows her into the kid’s room putting little Eric down in a crib. Eric gets annoyed tries to hold Niya who jerks herself out of his hold and to his shock slaps him on the face.
She overheard yelling words “You to staying away from me!”
He gets angry gags her and on the neck and tries to sign his words to her but she’s not looking at him but averting her eyes. 
Eric hears her yell “Help!” as he releases his hold on her neck. 
He grabs her and feels a prick of pain in his back which he recognizes as a dart and feels sleepiness which makes him fall asleep hitting the floor. 

Eric wakes up in his bedroom with the window shade dimly glowing light and goes out of the room to discover he’s alone and explores the quarters to discover its not his quarters for the crib is gone and he’s alone. He goes to the doorway reaching the doorknob and feels a jolt of pain in his back. It makes him fall to his knees and he yanks off a gloved sleeve to feel his back underneath his clothes which his fingers feels a metal like object sticking in his upper back. 
He gets angry thinking to himself “Niya has used her voice to influence the guards to support her and her views and has outcast him.” 
He continues to think as anger arrives “She has used her voice influence to keep Merra from talking to me.” he gets angrier about. 
He stands up, yanks off his jacket throwing it on the floor and strips himself to the waist and with a hand feels the object. Eric uses his hand forcing his arm further than normal standards to grab the object and with a grimace yanks it off of him while feeling pain from that. He uses his hand to destroy the round bumpy object by crushing it in pieces then feels sleepiness as he puts his clothing back on which the sleepiness persists. 
He mentally calls to Merra speaking “Merra should get Kurpanov to kidnap little Eric as a lesson to Niya for what she did to me.” 
 Eric picks up his jacket to go to the couch to lean on it in a sitting position falling asleep. He has an overhead view of little Eric’s bedroom showing Niya wearing her nightgown holding little Eric while smiling at the kid who raises his head up to look at his eyes sight view with a crying look on his face then lowers his head to wail loudly as Niya rocks him. He sees Niya’s rocking puts little Eric to sleep and watches as she gently puts the kid in the crib then goes to the lower bed of the bunk bed falling asleep. He watches as Kurpanov walks out of the bathroom doorway walking silently towards the crib picking up little Eric still asleep and walks back in the bathroom disappearing out of sight which the view goes black. 

Eric wakes up from the sun of a new day shining in the apartment which he gets up to stand in front of the table with jacket slung over it with back to the door with arms folded. 
He hears Merra’s voice sounding angry in his mind speaking words “I’m being sick and tired of people manipulating me with their voices. I’m tempted to play manipulator again like I did before. 
Someone told me ‘That was wrong.’ 
I’m annoyed that people manipulating me haven’t gotten the message that it’s wrong to do that to myself.” 
He listens as Merra speaks mentioning “Little Eric being kidnapped. 
I mention to ask Eric himself for he told me ‘He was kidnapping little Eric.’ 
He knows where he hid the kid. 
Merra adds “I’m not helping with this as payment for using a voice to manipulating me which I am angry about.” 
He hears Merra speak talking to him “Niya used her voice on me to keep me from talking to you along with using it on the guards. I add I’ll break Niya’s influence once Eric speaking with a loud voice tone shocks Niya enough for her to break the influence.” 
Eric mentally tells “Merra, I don’t have a voice and how does Merra expect me to do that?” 
Merra spoke “You’re right on not being able to talk but you does have the ability to make a loud roaring noise with growling noises. It doesn’t come from your vocal cords but from another organ inside you that comes from your gonoid side in you which you’ll be able to make the noises.” 
Eric frowns as Merra abruptly leaves his mind as he hears the door to the quarters behind him open followed by Niya’s angry voice speaking “I’m demanding where Eric hid little Eric!” 
Eric forgets Merra’s talk as his eyes sight turns night vision and he allows the angry feeling to run through out him and he lowers his arms to narrow his eyes. 
He hears Niya again speaking “I’m demanding for little Eric!” 
Eric turns around to face an angry Niya then charges at her which she meets his charge. He tries to gag her with her hands whacking at his hands and her hands meet his face which he successfully gags her to feel pain in his hands and he kneels as Niya keeps hitting him. He angrily opens his mouth and roars a loud angry sound to feel Niya stop hitting him. Eric shuts his eyes baring his teeth to growl loudly while hearing groaning sounds. He fists his hands as he feels the angry feeling while feeling Niya’s hands on his cheeks and her kissing his lips which he feels jolts of pleasure from.  He feels his anger goes away as his hands unclench going to Niya’s chest to knead her as he is kissing her while feeling her kiss him back. He hears a door opening and closing sound and senses he and Niya are alone. Eric feels the desire to mate billowing inside him as Niya break off the kiss to pant gasping for air. Eric opens his eyes with normal eyes sight to see her staring at him with a wild look in her eyes. 
She speaks to him “I want to mate with you.” and before she finishes her talk. 
Eric gets up lifting her up and carries her to a bedroom where there is a bed. Eric stands her to yank off his clothes and boots as she does the same. Eric sees Niya get on the bed lying on her back which he gets on top of her his hand putting the breathing device on a pillow. Eric enters her thrusting inside her fast while feeling charges of pleasure arrive within him each time he enters her. He opens his mouth and roars out a loud sound while hearing Niya gasp out a loud moan as he spills inside her. He feels the desire to mate still raging inside him. Eric puts his bare hands underneath her back claws digging into the sheeted mattress while feeling her hands on his upper back nails digging into him. Eric and Niya mouth pant eyes staring at each other himself feeling like needing to do more mating which he sees in her eyes she feels the same. Eric and Niya mate an uncounted number of times then both feel sleepiness and both pass out with Eric still inside Niya himself on top of her. 

Eric wakes to discover the sun is up judging by the glowing shade and he adjusts his position to stare at Niya in the face that wakes up with eyes showing hurt in them staring at his. 
He frowns as he feels her hands gently rubbing his cheeks which he hears Niya speak “Eric, I love you.” with pain in her voice. 
She raises her head to kiss him on the lips which he accepts to kiss her back then they break off kiss to hug his cheek touching her cheek with his arms tightening his hold arounds her. Eric feels her hands rubbing his upper back in a gentle massaging rhythm. 
He growls a loud sound as he hears Jiang’s voice mentally speaking in his mind “I’m asking His Majesty if he and The Mistress are going to stay in bed all day.” 
Eric turns his head to face the doorway with Jiang peering through to mentally say “No.” then the Highlander closes the door. 
Eric with regret pulls out of Niya and gets up from the bed while grabbing his breathing device as she does the same. He grabs his clothes scattered on the floor to put them on and spies his jacket lying besides the door which he assumes Jiang tossed there. Eric puts it on then turns around to face Niya wearing her clothes while watching her braid her hair with her bare hands and secure the braid with a elastic strap from around her wrist which she puts in her hair. He goes to her as she meets him to hug him in a tight grip which he hugs her back then they break off hug to go out of the bedroom to see Jiang standing with arms folded an annoyed look on his face. 
Eric frowns as Jiang speaks “Their out!” 
Eric sees a figure get up from the couch as he hears Niya gasp loudly. He see the figure is Kurpanov holding little Eric who the kid looks like he’s been crying judging by his grimace on his face and watery eyes. The Surrai goes up to him handing the kid. He hugs little Eric who he feels goes to sleep held by him with the kid’s head on his shoulder. 
Kurpanov spoke “I introduce myself to Niya as Eric’s older brother. We share the same mother but different father. 
Merra told me ‘Mal your mate who died some time ago suspected that she was sick days before giving birth to your son Anyan. She didn’t tell you that.’ 
Kurpanov adds “If Mal had told me of her suspected sickness I could have gotten medical help for her to have her have a part in Anyan’s life. She died three suns after he was born and I am still upset about her death.” 
Kurpanov includes “I feels regret that Mal didn’t tell me of her sickness. It cost her life for her silence something I hopes that won’t happen to Eric and his mate. Eric can’t go through another loss of a mate since losing Brianna his first mate hurt him.” 
Eric frowns at Kurpanov’s words as he feels Niya’s hand on his shoulder as Kurpanov cuts his talk and then walks away going through an open bedroom doorway disappearing in a flash of light. He feels Niya hug him with little Eric sandwiched between them. 
Eric hears Jiang speak verbally “The city natives have gotten restless not seeing the Sun Lord and Mistress visit the balcony for a certain time period. They are no longer believes the guards’ excuses of the Sun Lord and Mistress being busy taking care of their child.” 
Eric growls loudly his growl sounding gonoid like which Jiang cuts off his talking and he feels the Highlander scanning his mind. 
His conversation with Merra telling him about “You having a sound ability due to your gonoid side in you.” flashes in his mind. 
Eric feels the highlander leave his mind and he keeps his mouth shut as he feels little Eric fidget in his arms with Niya still hugging them both. He looks down at little Eric as Niya stops her hugging to feel the kid is rubbing his head on his shoulder and feels the kid continue sleeping. He looks at Jiang who is looking at him and gestures towards little Eric with his head. 
He hears Jiang mentally speaking “Little Eric seems to have an unexplained awareness sense that he sensed that his parents were fighting. The kid was crying a lot from the feeling. The awareness is the same sense that told little Eric that his father was hurt when his father was sick from water poisoning.” 
Eric frowns at what he hears as Jiang adds verbally “The Sun Lord with the Mistress should go to the balcony.” 
Eric glares at the Highlander to mentally speak with him scanning his mind “I insists that little Eric come along.” 
He hears Jiang verbally speak “His Majesty insists on little Eric to come.” then hears Niya speak “I have no problem with that for I can’t bear to be away from little Eric and wants him in his sight for his kidnapping by Kurpanov freaked me out.” 
Eric and group go to balcony hallway which a guard halts them which he watches the guard go on the balcony to look up at the sky then nods his head staring at Jiang. 
Eric sees who speaks “Its safe for Sun Lord to show his face. We’ll tell him when to cover up if the sky looks threatening of rain.” 
Eric nods his head then he holding little Eric and Niya go on the balcony to see the crowd down below that cheer their cries. He feels little Eric squirm in his arms head rubbing his shoulder then feels the kid continue sleeping as the crowd down below continues to cheer. He smiles a smile with his mouth shut as he feels Niya’s hand touching his arm holding little Eric which he looks at her to see her looking happy while staring at the crowd. Sun gets low in the sky which Eric and group leave balcony to elevator that takes them to hallway to quarters. 
Inside sees Kossman who speaks “It was good seeing Eric and Niya back together.  Little Eric is lucky to have parents like Eric and Niya taking care of him.” 
Eric nods his head in agreement then goes to the kid’s bedroom to place little Eric in his crib who stays asleep and feels Niya’s hand on his arm and is hugged by her. He hugs her back and then they break off hug to leave the bedroom. 
He hears Niya speak talking “Kossman, your to standing in the room to keep an eye on little Eric. You’re to let myself and Eric knows when he wakes just so they can comfort him if he is crying.” 
Kossman he hears spoke “I give an agreement.” then sees the Zeskaya walk into the kid’s room. 
Eric feels Niya tug him away into their bedroom which he closes the door behind them. He stares at Niya who spoke “I ask Eric if he was aware of Kurpanov being his brother.” 
Eric signs “I wasn’t aware for most of my life till the Surrai told me when Brianna was alive. That was Kurpanov who helped explain my angry rage episodes that I had been getting. That would change my eyes sight to make me blind and victims whoever they were would appear as distorted figures of one color. 
The Surrai has said ‘The distorted color is from the victims having the fear emotion.’ which I would attack hurting people.” 
He adds signing “The breathing device was to help control my angry rage episodes. The device seemed to have helped me by fixing my eyesight whenever I get the rage episodes. My eyesight would change to night vision as in seeing clear in the dark with one color instead of going blind whenever they hit me.” 
Niya he sees frowns then asks “Eric, to explain the fist mark imprint in your back.” 
Eric signs “That it was from Hades father of Niya’s father hitting me there.
Kurpanov told me ‘You’re not to talk about the actual reason why you got hit on you back and I’m honoring that.” 
Alarm sounds and Eric with Niya dart out of the bedroom to see Jiang speaking “That noise means unwelcome visitor.” which Eric fists his hands glaring at the door. 
He sees out of the corners of his eyes the door to little Eric’s room slam close as he glares at the quarters’ door. He sees Hades walk in with knife out and feels himself frozen as Hades goes up to him grabbing him by the neck and hauls he into his bedroom slamming the door closed and with a hand locks it by pressing a button on the doorknob. Eric feels himself kneeling and groans from Hades repeated punches in his stomach. He feels he can move again as Hades withdraws knife to put hands on the back of his head he sees and watches as Hades yank off his face which he realizes is a mask aiming it towards his face. He sees a sword stick itself in the mask yanking it from Hades’ hands and sees a Zeskaya yank mask off the sword breaking it off tossing it to the floor with crumples in pieces and then sees the Zeskaya fade from eyes sight turning invisible with outline running into the bathroom as Hades roars an angry sound. He gets the angry feeling and in quick move stands up with fists aimed at Hades hitting him repeatedly till Hades hits the floor lying on his back still squirming as he brings his fists into Hades’ front not caring where he landed his hands. Hades he sees stops squirming as he kneels on one knee and angrily allows the angry feeling to take control which he brings his left fist repeatedly into Hades’ front as he mouth breathes and his eyes sight clouds up with whiteness as he punches repeatedly. 
Eric hears a compelling voice unsure of male or female tones speaking “I’m ordering Eric to stop punching Hades and calm down.” 
Eric halts his punching to shut his eyes closing his mouth allowing himself to breathe through his nose with the tubes in them. He struggles to calm down finds himself less angry opens his eyes showing clear eyes sight and gets up walking towards the door that is rattling. Eric unlocks the door by turning the door knob and it crashes open to show his guards who dart in the room as he walks out to the living room. He sees Niya standing holding little Eric who looks bigger to him and eyes her as she walks to him with little Eric holding out his arms towards him. 
He takes little Eric from her and hugs his son while hearing him speak “Want Daddy.”   
Eric adjusts his son to his side with an arm and raises his other arm towards Niya who goes in his embrace him hugging her as he holds little Eric. 
He again hears little Eric whine “I wanting Daddy!” as he gives off a growling sound of annoyance. 
He notices Jiang looking at him with a suspicious look frowns but finds himself dismissing it which is speak for the guard mind scanning him and realizing something funny going on with him. 

“What was funny with Eric in question?” as said by Jimo.
As spoken by Eric “It turns out that Eric was the wrong Eric, as indicated by the young child saying his ‘Want Daddy.’ commentary.” 
“What wrong Eric, are you talking about?” asked by Jimo.
Jimo seemed confused to who Eric was referring to hence his question.
Eric himself, the storyteller, spoke towards Jimo in response “That Eric was a gender bender human, himself that was partially female and male together. Something that was inappropriate for Edenia to have on the planetary world of the moon herself.”
“Anything else involving Eric himself on this planetary world of Terrania?” as asked by Jimo sounding nosily according to Recorder.
Eric obeyed to speak more of the tale:

Eric wakes up wearing no mask and no breathing tube on while wearing the Sun Lord uniform and feels the rages running through him which clouds his eyes sight. He gets up feeling dirt floor and charges running forward and hits a wall which his fists pound repeatedly till his anger simmers and his eyes sight is still clouded. He uses his hands to explore the wall walking on his right till he hears a humming noise of electricity and feels something wrapped around his ankle like a chain that give off a zap of electricity which he feels with his gloved hands. He finds it’s like the chain trap he recalls around his ankle but has pricks of needles sticking in his ankle which he stands up to yank off a glove with attached sleeve to feel the thing with his bare hand. He feels the thing is like the chain trap wrapped around his ankle which he using his other hand grabs it and with great strength breaks off his ankle in pieces throwing them away. He hears no alarm sounds and still hears the humming sound is the same. Eric goes to a wall and feels with his bare hand towards the humming sound to feel metal bars. His hands feel is covering an entrance letting in air blowing at him. He puts his hands on middle of the bars to feel small amounts of zapping electricity that the electric volts rises as he grips the bars pulling at it. He feels pain in his bare hand removes it to go to the other side of the bars to feel the entrance then continues to explore the area he is trapped in. He finds he is in some tomb from feeling bones he recognizes from his hands and finds the room he was in with the Zeskaya when the Rakcar found him from recognizing with his hands the bed posts he saw in the room. He is confused about that feels sleepiness to lie on the bed on the dusty mattress with his back on it to close his eyes. He dreams of his eyes clear to find he on a desert field where there is nothing but a mountain chain in his view far ahead of him. He looks to see something shiny and walks towards it to see it’s a round circular building that is thick at the bottom and thin at the top with lightening coming from it going into the sky and going back to it. 
Eric hears a voice sounding male tones speaking a question “What Eric is doing here? When Jon saw him go through the gate with three others with him at the gate room?” 
Eric forms confusion in his face as he turns around to see a male Humanian who has confusion in his face which he discovers he can talk speaks “I just woke up trapped in a tomb I was found in with a Mesan’s Curse by the Rakcar. My breathing device I uses to control my angry rages is off of me. This which has blinded me hence I using my touch sense to discover where I am.” 
He stares at the Humanian who jerks his head towards the building and frowns watching as lightening come from it hitting the Humanian on the head who doesn’t flinch from it hitting him. 
Eric stares at the Humanian who speaks with anger in his voice “The Rakcar has done their last good deed and is now Jon’s enemy for they’ll pay for what they did.” 
Eric spoke “I interrupts to ask what the Humanian is talking about?” who speaks “The name is Jon. The Rakcar have created a living clone a copy of Eric the Sun Lord himself and purposely let the original Eric go through a gate.” 
He frowns as the Humanian adds “The Rakcar have the clone trapped in the tomb as a way of keeping him for further examinations whenever they feel the need to learn about him being a descendant of the Dictator who’s the father of Eric’s father Alexei.” 
Eric is stunned to hear this as he widens his eyes of shock while staring at the Humanian.    Eric in tomb on Rakcar has repeated dreams of himself in a coffin with a glass cover, dreams of himself punching his fist through the top part in order to get out of it. Humanian Jon interrupts his dreaming to tell him “The Rakcar will come to pick Eric up soon according to their files.” 
Eric wakes up blindly goes to the entrance to sit leaning against the wall hears a roaring noise followed by a wind storm and hears the gate sound stop humming its noises followed by squealing noises. Eric feels hands touch his arms lifting him up and he is escorted out of the tomb blindly up a set of stairs through smooth floored areas to be forced to lie on a metal bed. Eric feels something injected into his stomach like a needle and kept into the area. Eric hears Rakcar sounding like their angry judging by their tones as the needle is removed.  Eric is lifted up escorted through smooth feeling floors while hearing door sliding open sounds till he is forced to a chair. Eric finds himself back in the dry arid cracked field naked again surrounded by Humans with Shadonian eyes who grab him and bring him to a Rakcar wearing a robe and Shadonian eyes. Eric’s rages arrive within him and he throws off the hands while swiping his clawed hands then chases the blue figure to snap the figure’s neck and clawing it on the face. 
His eyes sight clears up to discover himself with Humanian who speaks “The Rakcar made a mistake with their files. Jon says the Rakcar accidentally let the clone go through the gate and left the original in the tomb according to their scanners.” 
Eric is shocked but disgusted to hear that. 
Eric asks “How I’ll be able to return?” 
Jon speaks “I have contacted Eric’s relative the Zeskaya called Leader thru dream telling him about Eric’s situation. Jon mentions that the Rakcar discovered the mistake because the clone was made with a female offspring organ inside him to carry offspring after mating with a female a required number of times.” 
Eric is further disgusted to hear that as the Humanian adds “Jon have managed to disable the warship to ground it near the tomb forest area and has used the ship’s internal weapons to take out the Rakcar in it. Jon is in process of using the weapon to free the people the Rakcar used as batteries to control the warship and he.” 
View goes black as Eric opens his eyes to find himself still sitting in a chair but his Rages are still running through him blinding him. 
Eric feels hands poking him while hearing voices speaking in gibberish speaks in Basic “I’m asking if you speak in Basic.” 
The voices continue to speak in gibberish till they go silent when a loud voice speaking in gibberish interrupts them. He feels hands touch his arms pulling him up and feels hands touching his shoulders. Eric is pushed while hearing a familiar zapping noise of him traveling Zeskaya like till he feels his mind scanned.
Eric hears Jiang’s voice in his head speaking “I’m telling His Majesty to wait while I gets the breathing device to get His Majesty to medical bay for tests.” 
Eric feels a hand touch his cheek which feels kid like and he pushes his face into the hand as another hand adult like touches his other cheek. Eric brings his hand to touch the adult cheek to push on his face due to feeling charges of pleasure like feelings running through him. Eric is given breathing device which clears up his eyes sight and he sees Niya and a child he recognizes as his little Eric who is similar sized to the ages he first met his two children Ricky and Cassie in Brianna’s presence. Eric goes to medical bay where Trevor there tests him thoroughly and he is found to be the Eric as the same as previous tests. 
Jiang spoke verbalized “I insist on His Majesty to come with me to the coffin room.” 
Eric signed “I agrees to go.” comes to the room where Jiang shows him two figures in a coffin.
Eric is shocked to see is himself and a deformed corpse of a baby on his chest and hears Jiang speak “I’m telling His Majesty that the twin was discovered by the sounds he made despite wearing a breathing device that affected his vocal cords. The twin wound up expecting for three suns gave birth to the baby that disappeared and the twin disappeared from the birth. Autopsy by Trevor showed that the three day carrying and birth caused trauma to the twin’s heart organ which stopped the heart and later caused his brain to shut down killing him. The twin’s baby a male Rakcar according to autopsy by Trevor couldn’t tolerate the rushed growth inside the twin and his birth couldn’t properly develop inside the twin due to the rush and was born deformed. The air breathing it killed the baby due to not having the right organs to process the air along with the deformities it got from developing inside the twin.” 
According to Eric “This was mostly from the odd birth.”
“What happened to the twin anyway?” as asked by Jimo.
Eric wound up speaking the story as a result of that question asked.

Eric’s twin comes back to life smashes through the coffin cover comes out and gets rages which blinds him and feels pain in his eyes while feeling woozy hits the floor to fall unconscious. 
Twin comes to find himself on a dirt ground being patted on the cheek while still having blind eyes sight hears a voice telling him “Your to wake up.” 
Twin gets up and is pushed while hearing zapping sounds of being Zeskaya transported then hears exclamations of shock sounds which he recognizes as Zeskaya talk. 
He hears a voice speaking “The Eric is the twin the Rakcar created.” which he is a little put out to hear along with “I give you the name of Dick.” 
Eric returns to coffin room to discover Twin is gone which he hears Merra say “Twin came out of coffin. I transported him to Kurpanov’s home where the gates are and informed Kossman of that. I observed a Zeskaya arriving and taking the twin through the gate. The Zeskaya was thinking of transporting the twin to Leader just to keep him out of Rakcaran hands.” 
Eric orders Jiang ‘Your to get a breathing device to Twin.” while adding “I’m thinking of my son.” who he gets memories of himself Zeskaya transporting to the Builders’ home. Eric recalled meeting his son there while also getting memory of his son given to him while in Oceana and flaunting the son to the crowd in Oceana and its Emperor. He also as he goes to Brianna’s coffin while Jiang is walking away gets memory of the racial and island leaders including the Atlanta city crowd confronting him on his identity as Eric. Eric recalled revealed he and finds Niya did the same.  Eric stares at Brianna with a frown feeling nothing towards her while feeling emptiness then leaves the coffin room going to his quarters where he meets Niya. Kossman he sees comes out of a doorway with a flash of light who takes off his mask with a sad look on his face. 
Eric sees the expression stares at Kossman who speaks “The Rakcar made double male biological copies of the Sun Lord. Also double female copies and a male copy with female organs in him.” 
Eric stiffens to sign asking “If I’m the original or not?” with Niya voicing his words. 
Kossman he sees looks at him and speaks “The original was hooked up by the Rakcar to one of their machines as a live component.” 
Eric throws up his hands with a disgusted look on his face as Kossman keeps talking “The original hooked up according to contact by another component through Eric’s copy dubbed Dick is controlled by his rages. He has made no secret of seeking to control the Rakcar’s planetary weapons to destroy them. He wound up with admitting that he doesn’t want to be freed from being hooked up something that every humanoid hooked up doesn’t always say.” 
Eric frowns as he signs “I’m asking Kossman what is going on with Eric admitting to keeping himself hooked up.” 
Kossman speaks “That talk is baffling that Eric has this attitude for every humanoid hooked up has always pleaded to be freed from hook up. That talk included with complaining among other components about being hooked up and hating it. I got from Dick talking to me.” 
Kossman pauses as Niya asks “If you can take me to Eric.” 
Kossman groans out a sound then speaks “I doubt I can get you to Eric alive. Eric has live guards of another race that are seeing him as a deity leader from him. Mostly them contacting each other and their attitude of seeing him like that is from him making no secret of wanting to remain hooked up.” 
Eric catches Niya’s attention to sign with her voicing “Kossman should take us both to Eric where he can exchange me with Eric-” 
Kossman interrupts speaking “The idea was considered but rejected after Dick told me ‘Eric disabled a Rakcaran warship which crashed to the ground appearing to be his reaction to discovering that the Rakcar made copies of him including Leader sending one to Terrania.’ 
Kossman adds “Dick has told me that Eric’s attitude towards that isn’t anger but is uncaring. He disabling the Rakcaran warship was Eric testing his control power.” Kossman pauses then speaks “The Rakcar hooked Eric up without his breathing device. Eric is controlled by his rages which is making him want to destroy the Rakcar with his controlling their machinery and stay hooked up to do this.” 
Niya to Eric’s shock blurts out “The Rakcar could have destroyed the original and hooked up a copy of Eric whose attitude is reaction from Eric being destroyed. He is angry about it hence he not wanting to come out till he destroys the Rakcar for that.” 
Kossman he sees has a look of shocking horror on his face as he speaks “Niya’s words could explain the hooked up Eric’s attitude.” 
He speaks adding “I’m going to tell the other Zeskaya and Dick about Niya’s words-“ 
Eric hears Jiang interrupt “I’m requesting Kossman to transport Niya and myself to them for he senses that the copy Eric here has a connection to the original. I can scan Dick’s mind for information on the original.” 
Kossman he sees frowns then he hears Merra’s voice speaking “Jiang’s words about the copy Eric having a connection is true. She senses it in the copy himself but his location is hindering his connection. I add that if a copy was on the same planetary body as the original the copy should be able to see his mind.” 
Eric signs “I want to come along-“ 
Niya tells him “You should stay!” when they hear little Eric crying loudly from his bedroom with door open. 
Niya to his frowning speaks “A child is dependant on him as a parent.” and adds “You have has to stay and comfort the people and the child.” 
Eric tries to protest signing but interrupted by Niya continues “Terrania is dependant on you as their ruler and so is little Eric who has an attachment to him as his father.” 
Eric exhales a breath hearing Niya’s words and hears a click sound as Niya, Jiang and Kossman disappear in a flash of light. Eric goes to the child’s bedroom to see little Eric standing in his crib crying tears. Eric picks up to hold while going to the lower bunk bed to sit holding the child who is still crying. 
He sits hugging little Eric with a frown on his face as he thinks to himself “I’m hoping that the original isn’t destroyed. I’m not sure I can take the original’s life pretending to be him. I felt nothing towards the original’s first mate Brianna lying in the coffin. I admit to feeling dread towards Niya.” 
He continues to hold little Eric who won’t stop crying but keeps wailing words he hears “I wanting my father!” which he frown hearing. 
He mentally spoke “I asks Merra to scan little Eric’s mind to explain what’s going on with him speaking his words while still crying.” 
He hears Merra add “I agree to the scan.” and hears her exclaim “Little Eric isn’t fooled by his appearance acting as Eric his Father! I sensed that the child has some mind ability that is tuned to his father. The sense activated the moment he touched the previous Eric who went through water poisoning while younger and after having the growth spurt. The kid figured out what the sense was and is upset about it hence he crying for his father.” 
Eric groans loudly surprising himself who he hears Merra speaking in his mind saying “You have the ability to talk using your voice. That talk is the same with the previous Eric.  I suspect the Rakcaran made copies of Eric all have the ability to talk but still have the rage episodes hence they requiring wearing the breathing devices.” 
Eric mentally speaks to Merra “I don’t think I can live pretending to be the original Eric from the dread feeling that is bothering me.” 
He hears Merra speak “I understands your words and says that Niya, Jiang and Kossman are back.” and he feels her leave his mind. 
He leaves the bedroom carrying a wailing little Eric to the living room to see Jiang and Niya walk out of Eric’s bedroom.
 Eric speaks verbally in some weird accent over little Eric’s wailing “Little Eric isn’t fooled by him pretending to be his father. I mention that Merra told me that all the copies have the ability to talk.  That the kid has some mind ability sense tuned to his father hence his wailing.” 
He sees an unreadable look on Niya’s face who stares at him with a look in her eyes that make him think is disgust. She takes little Eric still wailing from his arms to hold him in her arms who stops his noises but still cries silently as she carries him into the kid’s bedroom closing the door behind her. He sees that outside the sun light is slowly leaving as darkness is arriving and groans loudly. 
He hears Jiang speak “Merra told me something interesting which you should guess what it is.” 
Eric or twin looks at Jiang and speaks verbally “I’m not in the mood for guessing games and would rather be elsewhere than here in this place.” 
He hears Jiang speak with some voice tone “I think is sneering sarcasm.” that “Merra scanned the talking Eric copy’s mind he refers Eric as Kick. The previous Eric he refers as Dick and discovered something interesting which Kick should guess what it is.” 
Eric speaks “I’ll take the name Kick and will be referred as it. I mention that I’m not in the mood for guessing games and want to know what Merra found interesting.” 
He frowns as Jiang speaks “The interesting thing she found shows that Dick and Kick’s minds is identical to a Rakcar’s mind from scanning the Rakcar when they visited Terrania with Eric’s thought process in the minds.” 
Jiang pauses as Kick frowns as Jiang continues talking saying “Merra has told me that the copies have Rakcaran minds with Eric’s thought process in them providing that their actually Rakcaran versions of Eric. That despite looking like him via twinning looks.”. Kick groans feeling a little sick in his stomach as he speaks out loud “That explains why little Eric isn’t fooled by me holding him for the kid according to Merra has some mind sense tuned to Eric-“ 
Jiang interrupts to speak “I has scanned little Eric’s mind and discovered with Merra’s help that the kid has some kind of mind walking ability.The child once old enough figured out how to use it and has used it on Kick. The kid is upset discovering the Rakcaran mind in his father and has figured out that Kick isn’t his father hence his repeated wailing when held by Kick himself.” 
Kick frowns feeling the dread feeling arrive within him again spoke “I asks question of why Dick was able to fool little Eric from remembering the kid being attached to him as his father.” 
He hears Jiang speak “little Eric was too young to understand that Eric was actually Dick till he had the growth spurt. This raised his mind walking ability level up to cause him to figure out the deception. He pointed out about Dick by alerting Jiang and Merra of it. They or we didn’t get his message till they both scanned the minds of Kick and little Eric. We both figured out what the kid was trying to tell us.” 
Kick groans loudly to rub a hand on his face then removes his hand to stare at it with a frown as he hears Jiang continue speaking still using the sneering sarcasm voice tone “Kick will have to pretend to be Eric till Eric actually returns. Eric won’t be very happy learning what the Rakcar did to him and will be very angry-” 
Kick interrupts to speak “I plan to be gone from Terrania once Eric is returned unseen.”
Jiang burst out laughing sneering “Kick doesn’t have any way of getting off Terrania without people’s help. He is stuck having to face Eric’s wrath as living proof on what the Rakcar did to him with proof of what Dick is else where.” 
Kick groans as he gets a memory of himself visiting the coffin room and seeing Dick’s dead baby lying in a smashed coffin on his second visit to there. 
He speaks trying to keep the pleading out of his voice “I’m asking why Jiang thinks Eric will react angrily when he discovers the copies of himself-” 
Jiang interrupts “A Rakcaran warship visit Terrania threatening harm to the planet. One of the Rakcar tried to threaten Eric harm defended himself.” 
Kick feels nothing coming to his mind about that as Jiang continues speaking “The Rakcar on the warship kidnapped Eric’s mate Niya and Eric to their warship hooking him up to it. The internal defense systems killed off the Rakcar and the dead Rakcar’s warship retaliated against Eric for their deaths were seen floating near the balcony where the Sun Lord made an appearance. The warship fired its weapons at Eric who was saved by Merra and he reacted angrily.” 
Kick frowns as Jiang adds “I have scanned Eric’s mind while Eric was out unconscious to discover his mind shows that Eric unknowingly has taken a vendetta against the Rakcar. I suspects that his reaction to the copy versions of himself made by the Rakcar will be furious anger.” 
Kick feels himself tired speaks “I’m tired. I’m going to take the couch to sleep on. I don’t want to sleep on Eric’s bed period.” 
He sees Jiang nod his head as he goes to the couch and lies on it shutting his eyes falling asleep-
Eric was interrupted again by Jimo asking rudely “What happened next actually?”
Eric gave Jimo a glare in response to that interruption as Recorder spoke loudly “Just ignore the interruption and tell the story as requested.”
Eric obeyed despite annoyed with Jimo and his interruption very rudely.
 
After eating Jiang gives Eric his mask spoke “I request you to come with me.” which Eric grabs Niya’s mask and hands it to her. 
He with Jiang scanning him mentally speaks “Niya has to go where I go as Sun Lord. She’s my mate.” which Jiang voice the words and says “His Majesty said Niya has to go where I go as Sun Lord which I say something about understanding his order.” 
Niya, Eric hears voices “I agree with Eric on that.” 
Eric sees Niya put on mask which he and her follows Jiang out of quarters to elevator that goes down. They go out to a hallway with double doors in the wall on his left which reveals to be a cafeteria room where Highlanders are sitting around eating food which they pause to stand up as they enter the room. Jiang he sees cocks his head as eight Highlanders in uniform from parts of the room walk forward to stand in a row on his left side. Eric is introduced to the eight Highlanders, four males and four females which he recognizes as the ones from the Rakcar ship. He hears a loud crash sound from his right to see two Highlanders on the floor which he sees Jiang shot his head towards the eight Highlanders with widen eyes then nods his head. 
He looks at Jiang who speaks with voice tells him “The two Highlanders on the floor are the two who drugged His Majesty and the Mistress with the help of two others already found and arrested.” 
Eric watches as the two Highlanders are cuffed and carried out of the room unconscious. Eric and group leave to hallway when Jiang and guards are knocked out while hearing whooshing sounds. 
A Zeskaya appears in front of Eric with sword pointed at him as another Zeskaya appears thrusting sword at the first Zeskaya’s neck while saying “What are you doing?” in Leader’s voice. 
The first Zeskaya withdraws sword by saying “Father.” 
Leader explains to Eric “My Mother was my mate was Sun Lord before giving the crown to your father. I’ll attend to my son’s punishment.” 
Leader, Eric watches grabs his son’s arm and fades to outline as his son does the same. Both outlines walk pass him as he sees another outline of a Zeskaya at the end of the hallway standing with arms folded. Eric and Niya with awaken Highlanders return to his quarters. Eric bares his hand as he and Niya sit on the couch cuddling with each other and kissing as night arrives. They go to the bedroom. Eric in his bedroom changes to pajama pants as Niya is in the bathroom. 
Merra mind talks to Eric “The Zeskaya’s talk to Niya in the bathroom about the Zeskaya’s behavior towards Eric.” 
Merra tells Eric “The conversation which is that the Zeskaya had a Sun Lord nicknamed Dictator who ruled them like a Dictator with the help of Rakcar. The Zeskaya rebelled and won the fight against the Rakcar and Dictator. 
Dictator’s face was seen and before he was executed said ‘Death won’t keep me from returning.’ 
Dictator’s Zeskaya appearance according to the Zeskaya is twin to Eric and does not have the racial characteristics Eric has.” 
 Merra stops the talk to explain “The Zeskaya in the bathroom is showing Niya something by holding her hand which she can’t scan or they’ll know about it.” 
Merra leaves his mind as Eric goes to bed after that Niya goes to bed and they sleep. 

In the morning after dressed Eric confronts Niya signing “I’m wondering what Merra telling you the Zeskaya’s talk to her and wants to know more.” 
Niya won’t talk much but says “We should live separately which I insists on.” 
Eric gets annoyed but leaves the bedroom to the table to eat and is confused when he sees Niya take her tray and goes to the opposite end of the table to eat. Later at night when Eric is in bedroom sees Niya take her nightgown and enters bathroom door with a light show. He is confused till a memory of Kurt doing the same arrives to his mind and he goes to the bathroom door to see the light is off. Eric freaks out gets upset.
Eric hears Merra tell him “I forgot to tell you that the Zeskaya after showing Niya something told her ‘You’re to stay away from Eric.’ which is what Niya is doing.” 
Eric is upset goes to the bed wearing his Sun Lord uniform lies down on it and grabs Niya’s pillow he clutches and cries. Sleep won’t come to him so he spends the night staring at the wall and is still doing it till Jiang comes in the room to break him out of his reverie. Eric is brought out to the dining table which he ignores his food staring at the wall. He barely acknowledges Jiang waving a hand in front of his eyes. He is forced to eat when Jiang brings a fork full of food to his mouth touching the area which he eats then all he does is sit in the dining chair staring at the wall upset. 
This continues till night when Jiang mentally tells “You’re to go to your bedroom and gets some sleep.” 
Eric gets up and goes to his bedroom and lies on the bed clutching Niya’s pillow which he won’t sleep.
Again in the morning Jiang comes to bedroom to bring him out of it “Your Majesty, it’s morning so get up!” 
He is given food which he is forced to eat. 
After that handed mask which Jiang insists “You’re to wear.” 
Eric comes with the highlander out of the hallway to another part of the hallway where he sees Niya in Mistress uniform and mask standing in front of a Highlander talking to her with an outline of a Zeskaya standing besides her. He is restrained by Highlanders who make him wait till the Highlander finishes talking to Niya who walks towards him. Eric is freed from being restrained and walks towards Niya which he fells to kneel with arms open. Niya goes to his arms which his hands touching her sides he gets up to stand and wraps his arms around her tightly as she does the same. Later in the bedroom Eric standing watches as Niya comes out of the bathroom puts away her clothes and gets in the bed turning off the light. He gets in bed and pulls her towards him who doesn’t resist to his wrapping his arms around her and he sleeps. Eric has dream of a Zeskaya’s eye sight point of view seeing the room from his dream and sees a Zeskaya arrive in the room from gate with double doors. 
Zeskayas appear which the new Zeskaya says “I told Niya about the Dictator and told her to leave Eric.” 
He adds “I saw Eric’s reaction to the leaving. I describes as not sleeping staring at the walls and being forced to eat.” 
The Zeskaya includes “The mind walkers or Highlanders insist to Niya that she return to him because of Eric’s reaction.” 
He adds “I wound up seeing Eric restrained by the Highlanders when he saw Niya. He kneeling as she walked towards him who he got up to grip her in a tight hug.” 
A new voice speaks which got the Zeskayas and eye point of view to look seeing sitting at the table is the seer who says “The Dictator has a weakness.” and mentions the words “His mate, his female.” 
Eric hears Leader’s voice and sees Zeskayas looking at eye point of view who says “The Seer is implying that if Eric turns out to be anything like the Dictator his female will pay the price.” 
Zeskayas murmur “We give our agreements.” 
Blackness arrives and clears up for Eric finds himself in the room alone while wearing his pajama pants with his gloves on. He sees a figure wearing the Sun Lord outfit appears from a hidden state meters away. Eric watches as the figure removes mask to see his face which he realizes is the Zeskaya’s executed Sun Lord nicknamed Dictator. Dictator he watches has an angry look in his face and takes a step forward as Eric feels a stomachache and sees Claws appear standing in front of him with back to him blocking Dictator’s way. Claws moves blocking Dictator’s way who tries whooshing trick and disappearing trick with Claws blocking his way each time as double doors in wall on Eric’s left open showing a gate with whiteness surrounding it. Claws, Eric sees points to gate with a finger gesturing with his head towards Dictator who puts on mask and walks to gate walking thru it. Eric sees Claws turn around to face him and again feels stomachache as Kurpanov appears blocking Claws’ way pointing finger at the gate. Claws he sees uses two fingers to point to his eyes and then points a finger towards him which Kurpanov nods his head lowering his pointing finger arm. Claws turns and walks towards the gate walking thru it and the doors close as Kurpanov turns around and walks towards Eric who he again feels stomachache as Kurpanov disappears mid walk towards him. Blackness arrive and Eric finds himself back in bed feeling gloved hand stroking his cheek which he wakes up to see Niya wearing Mistress outfit standing next to him. 
She says “Something about letting you sleep till late morning.” 
Eric gets up signs “Bathroom.” and darts into the bathroom. 
Then he comes out and changes clothes to Sun Lord outfit then leaves bedroom with Niya to dining table. 
Eric eats ravenously and once finish hears Jiang’s voice speaking “It’s time for a medical exam in the medical room where Trevor is waiting.” 
Eric given mask puts on as Niya puts hers on. He goes to medical room which he sees outline of Zeskaya standing with arms folded. 
Trevor after scanning him tells him “You’re to remove your sleeve for a blood test.” which Eric does. 
Trevor tells him “The result of the test is detecting poison from a snake gonoid in his system. I give him the antidote for the poison by needle injection.” 
Eric admits mentally through Jiang “I while in Drainer hands was in cell choked by snake gonoid. I killed off and saw another snake gonoid. I choked to death and as a result of hunger ate the body leaving the head intact. I wound up eating the gonoid till there was nothing but bones.” 
Trevor tells Eric “You’ll be fine once your body gets rid of the poison by throwing up.” Eric feels sick at the moment and is handed a bucket which he throws up black liquid into the bucket. He feels Niya’s hand on his shoulder as he throws up several times throwing up black liquid filling up the bucket. 
Once done Trevor takes bucket away and tells Eric “You’re to rest by getting some sleep and eating food.” 
Eric feeling better looks at Jiang and mentally says “I want to see Brianna. I want Niya with me before I go for a rest.” 
Jiang voices “What His Majesty wants is to see Brianna with the Mistress with him.” Trevor says “That’s fine with me as long as His Majesty gets rest and food.” 
Eric with Niya and four Highlanders and a hidden Zeskaya go to room where Brianna is. Reaching Brianna, Eric signs to Niya “I lost a female my mate to death. I refuses to lose another female my mate for any reason or anything like that.”
Niya says “I get your words.” she hugs him with his arms around her. 
He and Niya and entourage leave to their quarters. Eric and Niya take off masks leaving them on the table and go to bedroom and takes off jacket to bare his hands. He places hands on Niya’s face and kisses her while feeling her kissing him back. Eric breaks off kiss to wrap arms around Niya in a hug while rubbing his chin on her head as she hugs him back. He feels very tired and releases his hold on Niya.
Eric signs “I want to sleep.” 
Niya talks “That’s fine with me.” 
He removes clothes with her helping him and he puts on pajama pants and gets in bed whiles she gets dining chair and sits in it holding his hand as he falls asleep. Eric’s dreamed of him on the land deck with Brianna standing in front of him rubbing his cheeks that turn to look at his left. Eric sees Dictator standing in front of Niya rubbing her cheeks. Then Brianna and Dictator take his and Niya’s hands pulling them both towards each other till palms are touching. He sees out of the corners of his eyes Brianna and Dictator, walks towards each other to hug each other then with arms around each other walk off the land deck fading from eyes sight. Eric turns his attention to Niya which he and her kiss on the lips then he finds himself back in bed asleep. Sometime during his sleep he senses Niya get in bed wearing her nightgown and feels her head on his chest with her hand resting on his chest which he wraps his arms around her and keeps on sleeping. Eric dreams he is in hallway with open doorways on both sides. Kurpanov comes out of an open doorway walks around him placing hands on his shoulders and guides him to a door that is closed with a letter Z on it. Eric guided by Kurpanov opens the door and Eric back in bed gets a headache grimacing of pain. He continues to sleep as a dream spills in his head which gets him a little angry. The dream is of he walking in the desert entering a cave to see it has walls with writing on it and a stone boulder drops from behind partly blocking the entrance but letting in air. Eric in the scene can’t get out because of the boulder is too strong and he explores cave he discovers is a tomb with a corridor leading to a large room with a sarcophagus. Corridor has five doorways on both sides. He discovers things in the rooms along with bones of dead in them. Eric can’t get out of the tomb starts to starve to death and loses his animal skin clothes which falls apart. He sees himself falling asleep and waking up several times till a light flashes in the corridor which he goes to see and finds a machine on the floor with a wire attached leading to the air opening above the boulder. He picks up machine to exam it and falls asleep holding it only to wake up when the boulder shatters in pieces. He walks out of the tomb to see a forest area with trees and grasses around while holding the machine. 
Eric is met by figures his mind says “Rakcar.” who give him food. 
Eric ravenously eats after dropping machine onto ground.  
Rakcar he hears call him “Pharaoh.” which he mentally hears himself say “The name of Dictator, I calling myelf that instead.” 
Eric figures out that its how the Rakcar roped Dictator into ruling them from the dream hitting.  In the morning Eric’s mood is calm as he and Niya get out of bed and get dressed going to the living room to eat. Once finished with the food Eric senses light show from his open bedroom doorway gets up to stand facing a masked Zeskaya with a glare on his face.
 The Zeskaya talks to him in Leader’s voice “A Sun Lord who Zeskaya nicknamed Dictator that ruled dictatorial like with the help of Rakcar on a planetary world that is now the Rakcar’s home world. The Zeskaya rebelled and won the battle overthrowing Dictator and the Rakcar. Dictator’s face was seen along with him speaking words that death won’t keep him from returning before his execution. Dictator’s face is the same as Eric’s which the Zeskaya are nervous about how he will rule them as their Sun Lord.” 
Eric senses Niya at the moment walks till she is in front of him hands on his chest head touching his chin which Leader stops talking as Eric’s glare goes away as a shocked expression arrives. Eric places his hands on Niya’s back which he rubs. He holds up a fist with arm straight which Leader places his fist touching his knuckle to knuckle then Leader turns around and leaves walking through the open bedroom doorway with a light show. 
Eric hears Jiang speak “Spies outside the headquarters observed a crowd have gathered below the balcony some seen kneeling with hands clasped in front of them.” 
Jiang adds “I think they want to see the Sun Lord and The Mistress hence they gathered there. The Sun Lord always makes an appearance on the balcony from time to time.” 
Eric releases his hold on Niya who looks at him with affection in her eyes while rubbing a hand on his cheek then they separate going to Highlanders holding their masks which they put on. Eric holds Niya’s hand as they go out of the apartment to the elevator that takes them to the balcony floor which they arrive to stand on the balcony which the crowd outside seeing them reacts with cheering and hand clapping noises. Eric takes Niya’s hand and puts it on his chest then continues to grip it there as the crowd continues their noises. 
Eric thinks to himself “The Rakcar will not destroy Terrania not as long as I rules as Terrania’s ruler.” 
Eric and Niya stay on the balcony for a long time with the cheering crowd down below as the sun gets really low in the sky and they leave to the apartment going the same route there. Reaching inside the apartment Eric and Niya take off masks which he takes off part of his jacket baring his hand to gently rub her face before kissing her with hand on her face while he feels jolts of pleasure. Eric and Niya go in their bedroom as nighttime arrives with Niya going in the bathroom as he changes out of the clothes. 
Merra contacts him and spoke “I insist on you mating with Niya for you won’t feel any pain from mating with Niya and will enjoy yourself.” 
Eric convinced by Merra’s talk stands in the buff facing the bed as Niya comes out wearing her nightgown. 
He watches as she hesitates to put away her clothes while staring at him as he signs “Please.”  
Niya he watches puts away her clothes and yanks off the nightgown then gets in the bed turning off the light plunging the room in the darkness. Eric gets in bed and starts to kiss Niya and her upper body and in the middle of this jerks from a feeling of intense pleasure as he feels Niya’s hand gripping his sensitive part which she guides him till he’s on top of her with her legs parted at the sides. Eric mates with Niya while feeling intense feelings of pleasure running throughout him. He stays inside Niya after spilling himself inside her in a still position as he senses her in a still position with his eyes closed. 
Eric thinks “I am being Sun Lord ruler of the Zeskaya and the planetary world Terrania.” 
He opens his eyes to see Niya’s open eyes unseeingly not staring at him due to the darkness that have affection in them. Eric gently kisses her on the lips before pulling out of her to lay on his side with Niya moving to lay on her side in the missionary position and both have arms around each other. 
Eric senses Niya asleep and he thinks to himself “I won’t let anything happen to Niya for she’s his reason for leading the Zeskaya.” 
Eric closes his eyes and dreams through Leader’s point of view eyes sight in the familiar room with other Zeskayas listening to the Seer sitting at the table who is saying questions “I have questions about who is being best to lead Zeskaya in their battle against the Rakcar. That includes with question of the leader as one who had Rakcar serving him. What reason Dictator would have to lead the Zeskaya in their fight?” 
Leader answers the questions by saying “Eric Zesky as named. I include the fact that he looks like the Dictator. He has Niya as his female, his mate as a reason for leading the Zeskaya. I Leader demands that Zeskaya must protect her and Eric at all costs.” 
Zeskayas in the room mutter “We give our agreements.” then blackness arrives. 
Eric again finds himself in the room alone wearing his Sun Lord uniform without mask to see a Zeskaya wearing Sun Lord clothes appear taking off mask. He sees his face staring at him with a shocked expression on the face then the Zeskaya’s look changes to determination as he puts on mask back on and walks towards Eric fading to hidden state as he feels a stomachache and blackness arrives which he comes to lying in bed alone. Eric found his confusion to why be him’s alone to notices Niya is in a bad mood as she enters bathroom. He changes into pajama pants and gloves then waits till she comes out of bathroom putting away clothes then hugs her. 
She in a bad mood yells at him “You’re to let go!” 
He hears her speak in a foreign tone telling him “You’re to let go!” 
Eric refuses and looks at her in the eyes to see that her eyes are glowing golden colored and hears her chanting some words in foreign language. Eric finds himself immune to this kisses her on the mouth with his eyes open which her hand in a fist touches his cheek. He sees her eyes close along with feeling the tension leave her and her fisted hands on him unclench to palms resting on him as she kisses him back. Eric breaks off kiss to see her look at him with brown eyes.
Eric signs words “Never going to bed angry.  If there’s a problem between the two of us, we should discus it with words. We should work the problem out before going to sleep.” 
Eric hears Niya sigh loudly as he leads her to the bed and gets her in it then he gets in bed to hold her with his arms around her before falling asleep. Eric while asleep dreams of Leader’s point of view eyesight entering the bedroom to see himself lying on the bed with blankets off while wearing his pajama pants and gloves while lying with eyes closed. Niya he sees is sitting on the bed in her mistress outfit chanting some foreign language as she turns her head towards Leader to show her eyes golden. Eric hears Leader chanting in identical voice tone in foreign language which he walks towards himself lying on the bed to link his right hand to Niya’s left hand which they place on his forehead. The scene changes to show himself on the land deck with a large plant behind him with fronds holding on his upper arms with a look on his face as he is staring at Leader’s eyes sight point of view. He hears Leader speak words he already told him while placing hand on his shoulder along with Niya appearing on his other side to place hand on him while staring at him with concern in her face. Eric sees himself close his eyes and fade from view as the scene goes black. 

Eric wakes up and its morning which he wakes up Niya and they kiss then gets up to change clothes and eat food in the living room. 
Alarm sounds as Jiang speaks “There’s an intruder that has breached the defenses in the building.” 
Eric gets up to grab masks which he puts his on as he hands Niya her mask which she puts on. Soon the door opens and Eric sees a male Human with golden eyes walk into the room while chanting some foreign language as Highlanders and Kossman fall to the floor. Niya walks in front of Eric with hand out which Eric sees the Builder react closing his eyes and cutting himself with head up. The Builder opens eyes to speak words in their gibberish Builder like language. Eric hears Niya’s voice speaking words sounding twin to the Builder’s gibberish. 
Eric sees light show come from his right to see a Zeskaya arrive which speaks in Leader’s voice words that the Builder speaks words in Basic “You Leader is being one of the Builders themselves.” 
Leader speaks “Sun Lord is my brother’s son and is immune to the Builder’s chanting weapon from healing him when he was near death.”
The situation gets resolved with the memory not in mind as an awaken Jiang tells “Your Majesty there’s about Americania’s president traditionally giving a speech in a stadium arena at a certain hour after the sun goes down. I add that it might be good for Your Majesty and The Mistress to show up attending the speech.” 
Jiang mentions “The President will be speaking in Americanian the land’s native language. I will tell His Majesty the subject contents and will help His Majesty’s body language to appear he is reacting to the speech.”  
Eric mentally asks “Jiang who the president is?” is told by talk “She’s a Human female named Lia Victorian-Kossman.” 
He mentions to Jiang “Kossman is my family name.” which he is told “That’s the name of Lia’s mate a Human male with usual hair color of the sunset.” 
Eric asks “If the male is aware of me being Sun Lord.” 
Jiang says “The Human called Andrew doesn’t have the mind detecting ability so he doesn’t know about His Majesty but he is a descendant.” 
Eric and Niya go to the couch to sit which she pulls on his glove and sleeve taking it off baring his hand and places it on her cheek while sighing. He leans forward kissing her.
 They make out only to break the session when Eric hears Jiang’s voice saying “You have to put on the masks because the nannies need to bring the babies out of their bedroom to the medical room for examination.” 
Eric puts on sleeve and glove then mask as Niya puts on mask. He watches as two female Highlanders leave the children’s bedroom each carrying a baby and watches as they leave the apartment then he and Niya still wearing masks cuddle with an arm around each other both lost in thought. Sun gets lower as nannies return with babies entering bedroom closing the door behind them. Eric is staring at the wall with his arm around Niya lost in thought.
Talk is broken by Jiang saying “Its best to be going now.” 
He and Niya get up and follow Jiang to the vehicle which flies in the air and lands near a large circular building that is huge as the sun goes halfway down. They enter a doorway walking underneath lights shining. Eric pauses to see two Humans with people wearing tan uniforms standing near a large doorway the male with red orange hair with his face holding a bundle a baby in his arm as the female with black hair looking at the bundle. Eric and Niya with escorts reach the two which look up with some shocked expression on their faces. 
Jiang introduces the female “The President of Americania and her mate Andrew Kossman.” 
Eric listens as Lia adds “I introduce my son Drew a Human recently born. I mention I’m surprised that His Majesty is out and about to recently fathering twins. I thought His Majesty wouldn’t want to leave alone for awhile.” 
Eric looks at Jiang while mentally speaking “His Majesty felt like he needed to go out and take a break from the twins who are doing very well.” 
Eric sees an Akylah arrives from walking in entrance that does double take look when sees Sun Lord and escorts. 
The Akylah speaks in foreign language which Jiang mentally tells Eric “The Akylah is telling the President that its time for her to enter the stadium.” 
Eric with Niya and escorts follow the President with her escorts surrounding her into the stadium that people cheer then gasp very loudly. The group reaches the dais where a golden chair is sitting Eric sees an outline of a Zeskaya standing there watching. Group stands together in front of the dais as Eric watches as the President goes to microphone in front of dais. Jiang standing at his right side staring at him mentally mentions what’s she’s saying in foreign language. 
“I mention she’s introducing her son Drew Kossman a Human recently born which audience clap as I tell you to do the same.’ which Eric does that along with Niya standing besides him arm wrapped around his arm. 
Jiang mentally tells Eric the contents of the President’s speech along with instructions on reacting to the words. 
Jiang mentions Lia talking “The Rakcar coming from the sky, attacking the Sun Lord and bringing him to their ship.” 
Eric at the moment feels anger and fists his hands raising them up a bit as Niya whose arm is wrapped around his arm rubs his arm with her other hand. 
Eric sees Lia look at him speaking foreign language which Jiang translates “She asking His Majesty if he wanted to say anything.” 
Eric mentally says “Yes!” which Jiang repeats in foreign language as he walks to the microphone then turns around to scan him. 
Eric mentally speaks with Jiang speaking in foreign language “After I was taken to the Rakcar ship, I learned things about them that have me angry.” 
Eric mentions “The things are Terrania is not the only planetary world and that there are other planetary worlds with other species or races living in them. Rakcar using their off planet technology have been going to worlds and causing planetary destruction and have made enemies some hidden from doing this.” 
The Zeskaya outline he sees walks in his line of sight as Eric looks away to stare at the outline which appears and the male form takes off mask. Eric recognizes as Leader who speaks in Basic with Jiang speaking his words in foreign language. 
Leader says “My species is called Zeskaya. We have declared the Rakcar an enemy cause of their planetary destructions to other worlds killing species too numerous to count. The Zeskaya and another hidden species have been working in secret helping other races fight the Rakcar. My species can travel to other worlds through doorways. We have been in contact with others of his kind and other hidden species living on other worlds working with helping other races recover from planetary destruction caused by the Rakcar. The Rakcar arrive at planetary worlds and cause destruction killing species to numerous to count then after that they leave the planet. The survivors are left alive to clean up the mess left by the Rakcar. The Zeskaya and other hidden species help them survive to fix the mess the Rakcar left them to clean up.” 
Leader finishes his speech, crowd chants “Ay Kabaiya.”  
Eric sees Leader have a bewildered expression on his face before putting on mask. Eric and others leave stadium to car vehicle with Leader. 
Eric mentally asks Jiang “What about the saying chant ‘Ay Kabaiya’ and to voice the answer?” 
Jiang says “The chant is a battle cry before doing war. It’s not just Americanians who say it but all of Terrania who says it. Terranians agreed that the saying originated in the city of Atlanta along with Americania’s name and the Americanian language.” 
Group arrives at headquarters, Eric goes to quarters which he sees Leader enter doorway disappearing in a light show. 
Eric in bed has a dream of Leader’s eye sight point of view of him “I’m telling Zeskayas about Dictator’s body disappearing through a doorway as he was being carried.” 
Leader says “Merra talked to me and explained that Dictator was found in the forests near a gate nearby the city of Atlanta by a Human named Yevgeny Visser. He is disappeared. Dictator was given the name Jason along with medicines to temporary keeps him alive. 
Jason taught the Terranians the saying “Ay Kabaiya” as a battle cry before doing war. 
That includes with the Zeskaya’s native language which is spoken as Americanian.” 
Blackness arrives which Eric finds himself back in bed with Niya’s head on his chest and he keeps himself asleep. 

In the morning Eric is told by Jiang “The Guardian tower flashing image of Sun Lord which is a request for His Majesty to come to the Guardian.” 
Eric and others go to Guardian tower where hooded robed Highlander comes out.
Jiang says “His Majesty has to go in alone.” 
Eric goes inside following the Highlander who shows laying on a slab two Humans Yevgeny and Mahalia Visser both dead and explains detailing who they are. 
“Yevgeny.” he’s told “Was the leader of the Humans who fathered twins by Mahalia who died soon after children were born. Yevgeny was killed by Hades. “
Highlander reveals another slab next to them showing Jason lying there dead wearing Sun Lord clothing no mask on face with sword out with eyes closed. 
Highlander tells Eric “Jason’s role involving the city of Atlanta which was attacked by the Shadonia. The founding of Americania wound up including Jason nearly sacrificing his life for saving Yevgeny’s near grown daughter Georgina a Human from the Shadonia during battle. Jason’s wounds proved fatal which later killed him and Yevgeny with the Guardian flashing his image had he placed here.”  
Highlander tells Eric “You can leave.” so Eric leaves to vehicle that takes him to headquarters. 
He and Niya go to balcony where cheering crowd is silenced by the appearance of a Rakcar ship floating overhead. The ship fires weapons that hit Eric throwing him far backwards into the hallway. Eric blinks eyes to find himself lying on the ground besides a standing Niya as there is explosions of fire behind him. Niya he sees throws herself on him along with Jiang and Highlanders. Group gets off Eric and helps him stand which he seeing the Rakcar ship is gone waves a fisted hand towards the sky as he is escorted into the hallway that is covered with soot into the elevator. Eric brought to medical room to bed to lie on. 
Eric passes out to dream through Leader’s eyes a Zeskaya with Kossman’s voice saying “I’m mentioning what happened to Eric.” referring him as Eric using his name “As in Rakcar ship seen firing at Eric with a mine bomb which Merra had to transport him away from the mine bomb as it exploded. The ship orbiting the planet while broadcasting a signal.” 
Seer’s voice is heard saying “There two futures. One which the Zeskaya blab about Terrania to their allies and other races which their ships will arrive to Terrania before the Rakcar’s ships arrive or are silent. The Rakcar will arrive and destroy the planet with their technology.” 
Seer speaks words “Your choice, but chose wisely.” 
Kossman talks “I’m going back to Terrania where I’ll stay with Eric and act as his contact with the Zeskaya here.” 
Leader grabs Kossman before he can leave which Leader spoke “I orders Zeskaya to blab about Terrania to other races and other worlds. Rakcar won’t touch this planet unless it’s for peace and not for war.” 
Leader lets go of Kossman and he and Kossman together walk through the gate as the dream goes black. 

Eric wakes up to find himself wearing a hospital dress with gloves and mask on him while lying in a bed with beeping machinery at the foot. 
Jiang he sees standing nearby scans him and speaks “The Rakcar ship was seen flying in the air after it fired weapons at him with saying that I didn’t know that His Majesty had the ability to transport himself to place to place.” 
With Jiang scanning his mind, Merra talks “It was me who transported the Sun Lord to safety. I add that Eric should tell the public my name that they refer as the Dream Guardian.” 
Eric sees weird expression on Jiang’s face who nods his head which Eric gets headache and falls asleep passing out again.  
Eric wakes up and has a press conference which he says “The Dream Guardian has saved his life and is called Merra.” 
On a balcony visit Eric with Niya and guards see huge flying ship overhead that land nearby the building he’s in. Crowd he sees are walking towards the ship as he gets the rages like feeling from mouth breathing and walks to the hallway which Niya stops him by hugging him. 
Eric hears Jiang mentally tell him “You’re breathed through your nose.” 
Eric feels a hand on his shoulder and hears Kossman’s voice speaking words saying “The ship is not Rakcaran.” 
Eric calms down enters quarters to pace with arms folded while Niya watches him with an outline of a Zeskaya standing next to the door. Their both wearing masks as he paces. 
Highlander enters quarters to stare at Jiang who voices “The ship overhead’s occupants came out revealing three species, Shadonia, who came from another planetary world, a Human and a species called Wiser who were told of His Majesty by the High Lord there.
The High Lord said ‘I insist you meet the Sun Lord.” will be in his office.” 
Eric walks towards door to quarters to turn around and walk towards Niya grabbing her arm while looking at Jiang. 
Eric mentally speaks “Niya has to go where I go for she’s my mate.” which Jiang voices “Says the Mistress has to go where I go for she’s my mate.” 
He sees Jiang looking at Niya which Jiang says “Niya agrees with His Majesty on this.” 
Eric and Niya and group leave quarters to office room where he sits at desk with Niya on his left and Zeskaya appearing on his right side. 
Group don’t have to wait long for Shadonia arrive with Human who is tall towering over the Shadonia and a bony creature who speaks “Mesan’s Curse” as Zeskaya with Kossman’s voice speaks “Wiser” along with “I give words naming my own species Zeskaya.” 
Eric and whoever is confused till Wiser speaks in basic “We know the Zeskaya from working with them on planetary worlds helping survivors of the Rakcar’s destruction along with another species called ‘Builder.’ The species Builder is very angry at the Rakcar for what they are doing and is restrained by the Wisers and allies talking to them from using their technology to cause extinction to the Rakcar species. The Builders have real angry and nasty tempers which is why their allies talking to them are keeping their anger in check. The Builders have a Human appearance. They are known for having their eyes glow golden sun colored whenever they are angry with speaking in a voice tone while chanting words as a weapon against people-“
“Enough of the Builders!” storyteller was interrupted by Jimo.
Eric gave Jimo a glare of annoyance seen on his face. Recorder cleared her throat and spoke an ahem sound waiting for Jimo and Eric to end their glaring contest to speak further of the tale or story. 
Eric after Jimo speaking “Excuse me.” wound up speaking more of the story.

Eric and Niya separate to cuddle each other while going asleep as the lamp dims to turn its self off. Morning arrive Eric and Niya get up to get dressed then leave bedroom to eat. After eating Eric sees Niya sit on the couch which he joins her. He sees she is in a bad mood which she repeatedly removes his hands from touching her. Eric gets up from couch as he hears knocking sound from the children’s closed bedroom door. 
Jiang using voice says “That’s code for the children needing to come out and eat their meal.” 
Eric puts on mask as Niya gets up from couch and puts on her mask which a Highlander goes to the children’s doorway opening it up as a female Highlander comes out with twins held in her arms. Eric sees twins raise hands and arms, Rick towards him and Brianna towards Niya. 
Jiang he hears mentally speaks “Rick wants you to hold him along with The Mistress doing the same for Brianna.” 
Eric and Niya obeys the children’s wishes holds them. Eric feeds Rick food and drink as Niya does the same for Brianna. Once done children go to sleep which both Eric and Niya put together in a crib then leave the room closing the door. 
Eric and Niya take off masks which Niya using voice speaks “I would like to see your Brianna.” which Eric signs “I’m is fine with.” 
They put on masks and go to see Brianna. 
At Brianna’s coffin Niya using voice spoke “I ask about Eric fathering any children with Brianna.” 
Eric replies signing “I fathered two with Brianna carrying twice. My son Ricky named Eric after myself and daughter Cassie named Cassandra who has descendants living.” 
Niya spoke “Talks about being told by Builders having an idea of Eric mating with a female belonging to the Builders to father a child with her.” with disgust in her voice “I talked them out of doing due to wanting Eric for myself period.” 
Eric doesn’t sign anything at that comment just looks away to stare at Brianna 
Eric hearing Niya says “This looks at her.” makes a grimace look on his face. 
She looks at him to glare at him. 
Eric grimacing frowns abruptly as Niya continues speaking “I is disgusted that I have to put up with people thinking of sharing him with other females and put up with them wanting him fathering children with them too-” 
“Don’t you have any offspring yourself?” Interrupted by Jimo again who adds “Sorry I’m just curious if you got any offsprings you’re fathered?”
Eric at the moment via glance of Recorder eyeing him gave Jimo a glare and got from the male in response “Yes, I have offsprings fathered. I’m not going to talk about them for I’m still smarting from the fact that I’ll outlive them. This talk is from the Souler Council claiming I’m an immortal. Whoever gave them that idea? Ugh!”
Recorder wound up typing in response during a break of silence “immortal involved living too long into a tube of liquid and having parts of the body taken out and cloned or fathered. That’s what Eric meant by immortal. He’s freed from the cloning status at the moment, but he’s still used for fathering offsprings on orders of the One-“
Eric interrupted to continue the story:

Eric in his quarters gets feeling of desire to mate after a headache. Niya is in the bathroom while he lies on the bed staring at the ceiling which he gets up and puts on pajamas. Niya comes out of the bathroom acting clueless to him wanting to mate. Eric leans hands on the dresser lost in thought as he sees out of corners of his eyes Niya get in bed turning off the lamp putting room darkness.  
Eric hears her “I’m pleading for you to get in bed.” which he does and falls asleep with her head on his chest. 
Eric and Niya in the morning told by Jiang “Brianna is in the medical room due to some heat sickness. Rick has been crying too much.” 
Eric and Niya put on masks and enter children’s room to see Rick standing in his crib crying loudly. Eric picks up Rick and carries him out of the room to the couch where he sits holding the child in his arms while rubbing Rick’s head gently. He senses Niya gently holding Rick’s hand as the child cries which get softer and softer then becomes quiet. 
Eric hears Jiang tell him “Rick’s quietness is due to Rick about to go through a fast growth spurt.” 
Eric stands up to place Rick on the couch in a lying position and kneels watching him. Niya, Eric sees is standing next to him as they watch Rick go from months old to a toddler child age that is the same age of his biological children when he was introduced to Ricky and Cassie as their father.
Rick wakes up and says “Daddy, I want Bri” repeatedly. 
Eric picks up Rick and holds him while going to the table to get Rick to eat food which the child accepts. Eric holds Rick who falls asleep in his arms.
Eric hears Jiang mentally tell him “Rick and Brianna will have to be raised elsewhere by someone else due to their age.” 
Eric gets up to see Highlander female who walks up to him holding out her arms. He with regret places Rick in her arms and watches as she takes the child away leaving the apartment.
Eric gets desire to mate billowing in him but doesn't admit it to Niya at nighttime while she's in the bathroom hears a loud hissing sound sees Niya standing in front of the bathroom door with an angry look on her face and eyes are flaring golden. 
He hears Niya demand “It’s the last time Eric withholds his urges for mating for my toleration has come to an end.” 
Eric watches as Niya yanks off nightgown to put it in drawer as he lies on his back as she gets on the bed. He stares at her as she grabs his hands and puts them on the headboard while glaring at him. Eric refrains himself from breathing through his mouth as Niya starts kissing his neck and trails kisses to his abs while rubbing the areas with her hands. He jerks when she touches his sensitive part and oral sex is done by Niya on him. Niya slides herself onto him which he closes his eyes hands still on the headboard as they mate. He opens his eyes when he feels Niya kissing him on the lips with her hands on his cheeks. Eric’s control snaps which he rolls her over onto her back with him on top of her and he starts mating with her with his hands holding on her hips holding her in place. 
Niya as he rolls over says “My sweet Eric!” 
Eric finished puts his hands underneath Niya’s back and starts kissing her on the lips which she locks her legs on his back legs and kisses him back with her hands on his cheeks. Eric senses Niya releasing her hold around him with her legs stays joined with her as she falls asleep. He stares at her sleeping face with her hands touching his chest as he is on top of her. Eric settles himself on Niya’s side after pulling out while falling asleep and has view of Leader’s eyes sight.
A voice speaks “Leader as named.” 
The eyes sight turns to face a Builder with facial hair standing in front of the doorway with arms folded with two Builders dressed in black and hats on their heads behind him. 
Leader doesn’t say anything which the facial hair Builder speaks words “Eric can see things through Leader’s eye sight point of view and has learned that from a Builder talking to Merra.” 
Leader keeps his mouth shut as the Builder continues speaking “Leader according to Merra isn’t aware of this and it’s the first time he was told of this.”  
Builder adds “Merra thinks that Eric’s life saved by Leader and Niya isn’t the first time he was saved by both Zeskaya and Builder. Merra thinks that Eric was saved as a either a baby or a child by both Zeskaya and Builder. This activated his immortality state.” 
Builder says some foreign words in foreign language which Eric hears Leader groan loudly while getting a headache as the view turns black. He continues to sleep relieved that he can’t see further of Leader’s eyesight anymore.

Here Eric pauses from telling the tale to appear to take a sip of his drink, his herbal tea, drink he like any of the freed tubed males are forced to take for nourishment. Recorder isn’t sure of how that herbal tea bottle appeared onto the desk. It’s assumed that Breaker, Eric’s guardian placed it there via hidden status. Recorder heard the door to the room manipulated and assumed that it was Breaker coming into the room with the herbal tea drink-

Recorder wound up interrupted by a tray placed over her laptop cutting off her typing, she found food on that tray in dishware. It’s assumed that Breaker must have seen that Eric needed nourishment and gave him something to drink and did the same for Jimo, seen drinking from a thermos as she ate. Recorder wound up eating the food finding her terrible hungry and itching to take in nourishment. Recorder forced herself to take in nourishment, slowly and not too fast, or throw up the food, as a result. Jimo and Eric appeared to have taken that idea by drinking their drinks slowly from the looks of them. Recorder done eating placed the tray, intending to be onto the floor but an appearing Souler as those hidden guardians of the Zesky Asylum ship is, appeared into sight and took the tray from her. She wound up frowning to eye Eric to notice his hair was long length and appeared to not be short from descriptions of Eric. It’s assumed that this Eric was a clone of another Eric with longer hair aka Kurpanov Kossman, an Eric with longer hair that’s currently doing medical technology with the Surrai. It’s uncertain of how Kurpanov Kossman wound up cloned and having a copy sent to Zesky Asylum to take control as a figurehead leader-

Eric again finds himself on the icy cliff with King Winter staring at him. 
He speaks “Merra and what she is and what she told me about the Builders deciding to keep Niya instead of returning her to me.” 
He adds “Merra told me that the Builders want me to mate with their females to create children. If I refuse they will let the Rakcar come to Terrania and do planetary destruction.” 
Eric includes “I had a dream of myself at night time standing on a balcony holding a limp Builder female in my arms. I tosses over the railing and the dream is followed by me standing in my quarters crying mentally thinking Niya’s name while staring at the Rakcar’s destruction out the window as the sun rises.” 
Eric speaks “If Niya can’t be returned to me I would rather let the Rakcar destroy Terrania than mate with the Builders’ females for there is no other female but Niya, I would rather mate with. I can’t live without Niya and would rather die even if my death is by the Rakcar’s weapons firing on the planet.” 
He feels the cold lord’s hand on his forehead closing his eyes as he finds himself back in his bedroom lying on his bed.  
Eric cries to himself thinking “Niya, I think that I have to let Terrania be destroyed for I can’t live without Niya. I want to die for this for the Rakcar’s destruction is the only way I can die.” 
He cries himself to sleep dreaming of Niya which are mostly memories of her from his first meeting her to her leaving him for the second time. This is something I’m not happy with the fact that I’m not allowed to serve the High Council despite being a dedicated servant of them-“
One again interrupted by Jimo saying “What are you talking about? I thought you were Eric Zesky? What’s with this talk about being a dedicated servant of the High Council? What’s going on with that talk?”
Recorder willed forwards the Source making her eyes entirely black despite a roaring noise off the back of her mind and gave Jimo a glare. She’s just there to type whatever conversation is said she hears from Jimo and this dedicated servant of the High Council. Jimo at the moment appeared to have ignored Recorder’s glare which she wound up eyeing Eric in response to realize he’s not really Eric Zesky, but another cloned version of the High Council’s machinations to speak stories of memories of who’s he’s remembering before confirming his identity then punishment happens. Ugh, not sure what to make of that. Recorder eyed the clone to find him displaying golden eyes like a Builder only to realize the golden eyes indicated something else than Builder’s anger. 
Jimo in response wound up speaking “Just tell more of your tale from what you remember than this joke on the High Council!”
Clone as Recorder refers obeyed to speak the tale.
 
Eric feels heaviness again which goes away while feeling his limbs heavy. He gets up from the bed and fists out of the bedroom two male Builders both with golden eyes out. He goes to Niya and lies on top of her kissing her breaking off her protests as he again feels heaviness and passes out. He wakes up in the morning in a calm mood and gets dressed and hears knocking sound on bedroom door and spies his mask on top of dresser next to door which he puts on. Eric knocks fist on the door which opens to show a Highlander and he steps out and is grabbed around the waist by the children Rick and Brianna who is barely his waist high. 
He hears Jiang mentally tell him “The children are aware that His Majesty is wearing a mask. Rick wants to feel his face with the mask on while Brianna wants to yank it off.” 
Jiang adds “Kossman is sleeping on the couch passed out. We can’t wake him. I want the children away from the couch so they won’t see him.” 
Eric rubs kids’ black haired heads as he faces Jiang and mentally tells the Highlander “You’re to get the children to leave.” which Highlanders obey at Jiang’s head cock taking the children away. 
Rick he hears as he is taken protests speaking the word “Daddy!” repeatedly. 
After kids leave Eric takes off mask to eat than looks at Jiang while hearing Merra tell him “I’m transporting you to the Builders’ home.” 
He sees Jiang nod his head as he blinks his eyes and finds himself on a snowy field surrounded by Builders. 
He hears Merra tell him “You’re not to go inside for they will pour water over your head.” 
Eric balks moving from his spot as he raises his fisted hands up while seeing Lix arrive with Niya. He is annoyed to see Lix has hand on Niya’s shoulder whose head is facing the ground while wearing a brown dress and boots on her feet. Eric sees Lix flick out sword and gets headache as Lix charges at him in a fast blurring speed motion. Eric finds himself grabbing Lix’s sword arm twisting it behind the Builder’s back while having a hand grab Lix’s throat gagging him as Lix waves left arm wildly. 
Eric mentally decides to himself “I’ll have to kill Lix just to keep Niya from being taken.” he tightens his hold on Lix’s throat that starts choking. 
Eric feels steel on his neck along with a hand grabbing his hair holding his head a bit up along with William’s voice speaking “I suggest you let go of Lix, Eric.” 
Eric obeys as Lix coughs loudly while turning to face him. 
He hears William “I asks Lix to explain why Eric should give up Niya.” 
Lix he sees flicks sword back into sleeve then screams running away with fear on his face. Eric is freed and grabbed in a hug by Niya. 
He hears William “I ask Niya how Lix has been treating you.” she mentions “Lix when alone with me would run his fingers through my hair and feel my face with his hands. He had a look of awe on his face which would change to anger along with threats of being hit by him if I didn’t do what he said when out with the Builders.” 
Eric fists his hands on her back hearing this as William speaks “I knows what’s going on with Lix. I add that Merra should transport them away while I handle Lix.” 
Eric blinks his eyes and finds himself with Niya back in their quarters which he takes her to the bedroom and kisses her on the lips which she kisses him back with hands on his cheek. Their interrupted by a door knock which they break off kiss for Eric to open door revealing a chanting Lix who walks into room. Eric feels headache finds he can move attacks Lix by grabbing him to thrust the Builder’s back on the side of the dresser and with hand grabbing Lix’s sword arm along with hand choking him on the throat. Eric gets a little angry tightens his hold on Lix’s throat as the builder chokes loudly and disappears in a flash of light. 
Eric hears Merra say “A female Builder wanted Lix for herself and will make sure Lix sees her as he sees Niya.” 
Merra leaves his mind as Eric hears Niya ask “Eric, if you would kill for me.” 
He looks at her in the eyes and signs “I would do this if it meant to keep you.” 
He sees anger get on Niya’s face as she speaks with an angry tone “I’m not in the mood for mating.” 
Eric watches her go to the dresser yanking out her nightgown then goes to the bathroom slamming the door. 
Eric hears Merra say in his mind “You’re to leave Niya alone. You should be going to bed. You need rest from being transported for the side effects make people want to sleep.” 
Eric obeys changing his clothes to pajama pants and gloves on. He gets in bed and hears Niya come out and watches her as he turns off lamp on his side of the bed. He watches as she gets in bed turning off the lamp and feels her head on his chest as he is lying on his back and senses her asleep. He wraps his arms around her as he falls asleep. 

Eric feels heaviness again passes out and finds himself on icy cliff facing Lix who is sneering out “You should give up the Sun Lord position or forget having Niya back.” 
Eric spoke “I demand a change of clothes and a place to live in exchange for giving up the position.” which Lix agrees verbally by saying “I agree.”. 
Eric finds himself back in bed and its light out which he gets up to the dresser to see his clothes from the cruise ship in it along with shoes which he puts on. He leaves bedroom to find Kossman and guards gone while feeling hungry. He explores kitchen unit and opens fridge feeling unfamiliar with it and in it that bother him. 
Eric gets tired goes to couch to sit and dreams of himself back on icy cliff facing Lix who is laughing out “I’m not returning my prize Niya.” 
Eric gets mad and tries to attack Lix who disappears in a flash of light. Eric wakes up on the couch angry and gets up to yank breathing device off of him which he tosses to the dining table. Rages arrive clouding up his eyes sight and he hears a door opening and closing sound turns to face it seeing a blue movement which disappears in a fast motion while hearing door opening and closing sounds. He blindly finds the door and goes out in the hallway to see blue movements which he tries to attack and is grabbed from behind from hands wrapping around him and yanked away while hearing door slam. He is forced into a seat and feels device forced back onto him clearing up his rages to see Trevor facing him. 
Trevor says “You shouldn’t go around without your device on because the rages are permanent once they come and won’t go away.” 
Eric frowns as Trevor goes to the fridge and watches him yank out food which he prepares on dishware taken out of cupboards and brings it to Eric who turns to face the table. Eric eats ravenously then once finished Trevor takes tray away as Eric falls asleep closing his eyes only to be waken by Trevor patting his cheek with a hand. 
Trevor tells Eric “You should go to bed and get some sleep.” 
Eric gets up as quarters’ door opens showing Highlanders who verbally spoke “I insist on Eric as he calls himself to come with us.” 
Eric obeys going with them to elevator that goes to balcony hallway which he sees Sun Lord towering over Jiang. Eric freaks out as he gets a fearful feeling which he punches his escorts and darts into the elevator which takes him to his quarters’ floor. He runs out to his quarters slamming the door and enters the children’s room to enter the bathroom. Eric curls up in a ball on the floor with hands on his head while crying tears while shaking hard. His shaking stops as he hears Jiang’s voice speaking words heard. 
He hears Jiang speak “There are gonoids when scared will lash out feeling threatened.  It’s how Eric is feeling at the moment with leaving him alone to calm down.” 
Eric hears Jiang no more calms down and gets up from the bathroom to leave to the children’s room. 
He sees a Highlander guard standing in the room who mentally tells him “The Builder posing as the Sun Lord is asleep. Jiang has managed to slip the Sun Lord mask off his head and requests Eric to scratch the Builder on the cheek with his poisonous clawed hands. That word in the city among the natives is that the Builder posing as the Sun Lord is seen as an imposter due to his tall height towering over Jiang when the Sun Lord is normally around the Highlander guard’s height.” 
Eric takes glove off his left hand and leaves room to see Builder with short black hair sitting in the dining chair asleep with head down and Trevor standing nearby holding a scanner in his right hand and a syringe in his left hand. Eric scratches the Builder on the cheek with a finger as the Builder wakes up choking and can’t talk. Eric puts glove back on as Trevor injects the syringe into the Builder’s neck as he sees Jiang bow his head with hand over his eyes shaking his head visibly. 
He hears Trevor say “The venom have temporary damaged the Builder’s vocal cords.” 
Jiang and two Highlander guards grab the Builder cuffing him and haul him out of the quarters closing the door behind them. Eric blinks eyes to see Niya appear in a flash of light running into him which his arms wrap around her. 
He keeps his hold on her as she struggles protesting “About being let go!” 
Her hands touch his nose where the device is and she stops struggling to speak “Eric.” 
Her hands go to his cheeks rubbing as Niya cries eyes staring at his golden ones. Night time arrives which he escorts her to the bedroom. 
Niya groans out while still weeping “I don’t want to be separated from you. I’m telling you not to retaliate against the Builders for William and yourself will handle the punishment.” 
Eric has a dream involving his cliff hanger with King Winter who spoke twin wording as Niya’s “Don’t retaliate against the Builders. Let others do that job instead.”
Eric speaks “I agree with this talk even though I don’t agree.” 
The Cold Lord adds “I’ll see that Niya is not taken again permanently.” 
King Winter continues “Lix using Niya as a conduit has made her sick enough to get her body to refuse food. She eats the food and it come back up and she starves which would later cause physical harm to her body.” 
Eric gets annoyed hearing that as King Winter adds “Eric should focus on getting Niya healthy and being Sun Lord while fixing the damage the Builder have done while posing as the Sun Lord.” 
King Winter he feels removes hand and Eric speaks “I’ll do what the Cold Lord wants me to do even though I don’t truly agree to it but I’ll do that.” which the Cold Lord nods his head then places hand over Eric’s eyes closing them. 
Eric finds himself back in his room still on top of Niya who has hands on his chest with fingers rubbing while hearing her crying again. He raises head to stare at her in the face that has tearful eyes while appearing to not focus on him despite the lighted lamps on. He puts gloved hands from her sides to underneath her back as he tightens his hold on her while staring at her in the face. He watches as Niya struggles to stop crying as he senses her calming down sees her close her eyes and feels that she has fallen asleep. He lowers his head till the side is touching hers while lying awake till he senses his mind scanned.
Eric hears Merra’s voice speaking “Go to sleep, Eric. You need your rest to help Niya heal and to fix the damage that Builder did when he was Sun Lord.” 
Eric obeys closing his eyes and has a dream of sitting on light dirt area his mind says “Beach” with the water lapping it too many meters away. 
His back is on a tree and Niya is sitting sideways on his lap while staring at the water. He senses the sun shining over head bringing warmth while having his arms around Niya who he sees is awake and senses her feeling peace and calm while hearing her sigh loudly as she snuggles in his arms. He keeps his eyes on Niya with his arms around her as she turns her head to face him and kisses his cheek then turns her head to face the water while leaning onto his form. He senses Niya relaxed and keeps his eyes on her as he sees her eyes close and sees her fall asleep. He leans his form against the tree with his arms around Niya as he feels sleepiness and closes his eyes falling asleep.  Eric back in bedroom sleeping on top of Niya smiles a small smile as he feels Niya’s sleeping form and senses she is peacefully dreaming while being relaxed as he lets sleep overcome him.   

The storyteller as identified as Mindbender the dedicated servant of the High Council, wound up sucked or attacked by Jimo who knocked him unconscious the Drainer snarling heard “Stinking High Council servant Mindbender himself as thought of.”
Recorder wound up transported to the High Council’s throne room to sit for the Souler Council in her chair eyeing the group and waiting to record memories for them including the jokes as said by the Meritannians. 
One of the speakers spoke “So tell us what was said you, Recorder typed.”
Recorder obeyed to speak the entire file as said to the Souler Council who said “Appears that servant is Mindbender himself, despite taken to the skies by the original High Council doing it. Meritanians you have some explaining to do.”
Snickering laughter was heard from the Meritanians who in response only laughed as if their telling a joke involving sickening anyone with memories.
Recorder waited as the Meritanians were heard via Tank saying “That’s another story to tell, at another time.”
Recorder wound up dismissed by the Souler Council and figured the Meritanians will give an answer to some servant to that joke they played later.

End notes as recorded by Recorder Tamyara Palina servant of the Souler Council.


