






Also by Bernard Wilkerson

The Worlds of the Dead series
 Beaches of Brazil
 Communion
 Discovery

The Creation series
 In the Beginning
Driven Out (not yet released)

The Hrwang Incursion
Book One:  Earth
Book Two:  Hrwang (not yet released)








The Hrwang Incursion






Book One




Earth












Bernard Wilkerson





Copyright © 2016 by Bernard Wilkerson

All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, including photocopy, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, with the exception of short quotes used in reviews, without permission from the author.

Requests for permission should be submitted to contact@bernardwilkerson.com.

For information about the author, go to
www.bernardwilkerson.com



This book is a work of fiction.  The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.

Cover photo courtesy of NASA.









Episode 9




WITHDRAWAL





103





   Leah and Jayla fled down a long ravine, the rocky shore along the stream bed easier to negotiate than the muddy slopes on either side.  Jayla had no idea where she was, had no idea if the woman she fled with knew where she was, but she couldn’t stop running.
   When she stopped, the terror of everything came back.

   The woman who had collided with Jayla in the stream bed screamed when her companion went down.  She ran to him, throwing herself on top of him and crying out for help.
   Gerrel, the former Fifth Under Captain Third Assault and now Sixth Under Lieutenant Second Grenadier, came out of the woods just to Jayla’s left.  He held the small but deadly Hrwang pistol in his hand.
   “No,” Jayla cried and ran between him and the woman.  “No!”
   Gerrel pointed the weapon away from her.
   Jayla kept between Gerrel and the woman as he moved sideways.  She pleaded with him with her eyes to stop, but he didn’t.  She cried in frustration.  The woman must have been a soldier, must have been part of the sniper group that had attacked the castle, but now she appeared unarmed.  She still lay sobbing over the other soldier and crying something about a wolf.  Jayla couldn’t let Gerrel kill her.  She couldn’t watch her lover kill an unarmed woman.
   Gerrel continued to sidle to his left, moving ever closer, his gun carefully pointed away from Jayla.  Jayla continued to stay between him and the humans.
   The woman suddenly screamed in English, “You killed my husband!”
   Jayla turned, startled, and stumbled on a rock in the stream bed, catching herself from falling with an outstretched hand.  Gerrel moved quickly to get around her, bringing his weapon up, but the woman rushed him.
   Jayla dove and tackled her, bringing her down and covering her with her own body.  Gerrel lowered his weapon again.
   “Stop it!” Jayla screamed in the woman’s face now that she knew she spoke English.  “Stop it.”
   The woman continued to struggle.
   Panic gripped Jayla when Gerrel reached down and put the gun to the woman’s head.  The soldier stopped fighting.
   “On your knees,” he said in his mellifluous voice.  With the gun so close to both of them, Gerrel’s finger wasn’t on the trigger.  But Jayla moved carefully off the woman, who got on her knees and put her hands on her head.
   “No, honey.  You can’t do this,” Jayla begged.  “She’s not even armed.”
   “She is an enemy combatant,” he replied matter-of-factly, keeping the gun close to the woman’s head, his finger now on the trigger.
   “Then take her prisoner.  Make her a prisoner of war.”
   Gerrel looked at her strangely.  “You take soldiers prisoner on your world?”
   “Of course, if they surrender or are unarmed.”
   He shook his head.  “You have a strange world.  Soldiers know they are to fight and die.  Only criminals can be prisoners.”
   “Then say she’s a criminal.  You can’t kill her.”  Tears streaked Jayla’s face and she wanted to tear her hair out.  He couldn’t kill someone in cold blood like this.
   Images of the old man lying dead on the floor of his garage came unbidden.  No matter what he had done to her sister, she hadn’t meant to kill the man.  She still felt guilt for what she had done even though she often reminded herself it was in self-defense.  Killing this woman would be anything but self-defense.  It wouldn’t even be combat.  She was helpless, and Jayla couldn’t allow her fiancé to kill her.
   “She lay in wait with her team to assassinate the Lord Admiral of the People of the Fleet.  Is killing her now, like this, any different than what she attempted?”
   “It’s...”
   Jayla found herself unprepared to debate the moral ambiguities of war.  Was it any different?  Were the Hrwang any less justified executing a human soldier in this fashion than humans were in fighting the Hrwang with snipers?
   “You didn’t prevent me from killing the humans who threatened you and your sister,” he added.
   Jayla moved before he could stop her and wrapped herself around the woman who knelt stoically, staring straight ahead, focused on a point in the distance.  Gerrel was forced to lower his weapon again.
   “They were criminals,” Jayla said, looking up at him.  “She’s different.  She’s just a soldier, fighting to defend her home and her family.”
   The woman spoke in her lilting accent.
   “You killed my family.  You killed Wolfgang, my husband.”
   “Please, Gerrel.  I love you.  Don’t be guilty of this,” Jayla begged through tears.
   She couldn’t see her fiancé as she hugged the human woman, but she sensed his will falter.
   “I cannot shame myself to my commander again,” he said, his voice rough, “but neither can I disobey you, my love.”  He said ‘my love’ with tenderness and mercy.
   Jayla had won.
   “Thank you,” she started to say, turning to look at the alien man that had been her rescuer and teacher, who had become her first lover and now her fiancé, and she saw him point his weapon under his mouth and up toward the top of his head.  “No!” she shrieked as he pulled the trigger.



104





   Eva awoke in her bed with the Lord Admiral sitting on the edge of it, watching over her.
   “Are you okay, my dear?”
   She nodded sluggishly.
   In a moment of openness she rarely saw in him, he confessed his own trauma from the sniper attack.
   “I was supposed to be on your arm, walking out with you the same way we walked in together.  I was a fool when I wore that tuxedo.  Men of importance are always targets, which is why our uniforms are unadorned with rank and why, centuries ago, our soldiers gave up salutes such as yours perform.  I wanted to look impressive.  I wanted to impress you.  My pride almost got me killed.”
   She understood his fear and she acted understanding, supportive.  But she’d been through more.  More than she could admit to him.
   She thought about the gun battle in Las Vegas and it had been much the same.  An ambush by snipers, her partner dead, under fire and helpless.
   But it had also been different.  Mark hadn’t died, although she’d thought he was dead during the entire encounter.  Juan had shown up to help her even though she’d feared he was another attacker at first, and her ambushers had been amateurs.  She had fought back and escaped.
   This time, her attackers had been professionals and she wasn’t actually sure why she survived.
   And her feelings for Tomes had gone deeper, much too deep for the role she was in, than her feelings for Mark.  Mark had been a partner, one she liked, but just a partner.
   Tomes.
   There had never been any hope for their relationship anyway.  She knew that.  She knew her memories of being with him played tricks on her now.  Had she simply been fooling him, using him, or had she honestly had feelings for him?
   She didn’t know the answers to her own questions, but thinking about him brought pain.
   Terror gripped her suddenly.  She had to run away.  Right now.  But the Lord Admiral stood, sat rather, in her way.
   She had to kill him.
   Eva began to sit up, but someone put their hand on her bare shoulder and she felt narcotic washing over her.  It was probably for the best anyway.  She really needed to rest.

   “Who are you?”
   Eva squinted at a bright light and started to say her name.
   “Not your name!  Who are you?”
   “My head hurts.  I don’t understand,” she whined.
   “The Lord Admiral made me come down to the planet to tend to you.  Who are you?”
   “Who are you?” Eva replied.
   She tried to clear the fog away.  She’d been sedated, and now she worried she’d babbled under the influence of the anesthetic they’d given her.  She’d heard stories about that, had watched hilarious videos on the internet of people coming out of anesthesia and saying the dumbest things, but in her current position, that sort of babbling would likely be fatal.
   “I’m First Doctor Medical Corps and I’m usually quite busy in my hospital in orbit.  It’s quite an inconvenience to come down here to see just one person.  Who are you?”
   “You don’t normally make house calls?”
   “I don’t even know what you’re talking about.  If you are not going to answer me, just lay there and keep still.”
   He began a thorough examination, a little too thorough for Eva’s tastes, but by the time he finished, she was completely awake.
   “Bumps and bruises, possibly a mild concussion, and a serious bruise where you were grazed by a bullet on your ankle.  That will take a few days to heal and you should allow it to continue to be treated with topical antibiotic.  Otherwise, you’ll live.  Now, who are you?”
   He read the diagnosis from his tablet and Eva guessed the man allowed the tablet to translate it for him.  Many Hrwang spoke excellent English, but developing technical vocabulary took longer and there was no way this doctor had learned all those medical terms yet.
   Of course, he could just be really smart.
   “I’m the Lord Admiral’s girlfriend,” she finally answered.
   “I apologize.  I did not intend rudity.”
   “To be rude,” she corrected.
   “I apologize.  To be rude.  I did not intend to be rude.  You are an important person.”  He nodded at her.
   She sighed and looked away, out toward the open window and the ocean beyond.
   “That’s me.  The Lord Admiral’s VIP,” she said, still looking out the window.
   “What’s a VIP?”
   “An acronym meaning Very Important Person,” Eva explained.
   “Well, Very Important Person, you will be fine.”
   The doctor gave her a look she couldn’t interpret, like he knew she was pulling one over on the Hrwang but he couldn’t prove it, and he stood and left.  She worried again that she had babbled under anesthesia.

   That evening, Eva put yoga clothes on and started performing her lian quan jiao movements, focusing on her hands, her feet, the bruised muscles and torn skin by her ankle where the bullet had grazed her.  Focusing on her body.  Anything to not focus on the previous day’s events.
   She stretched and extended, worked out her muscles, fought through the aches, and tried to allow the physical pain to dampen the emotional pain.
   After she thought she was tired, she went to bed, trying to rest as she’d been instructed, but instead she lay awake.  She got up, stretched more, exercised in place, then tried to go back to sleep.  It didn’t help.
   She dressed, left her room, and headed for the kitchen.
   Noah was there, as always, and he fed her food free of Hrwang spices.  He listened to her talk, but she told him nothing of what she had been through.  She just talked, first telling him stories about being in college, then confessing to him about playing strip poker in high school.  She described the reactions of the boys in detail, leaving them both in stitches they laughed so hard, and she simply enjoyed being able to talk to another human.
   “You should have been a bartender,” she told him.
   “How do you know I wasn’t?” he said and winked.  She grinned, thanked him for the meal, and went back to her room.
   She still couldn’t sleep and lay in bed for hours.

   She went running at first light, heading straight to the spot where she found Jim.  A gray drone followed her, so she did nothing suspicious, merely turning around and running back.  She couldn’t run as fast as she normally did, her ankle still ached, but whatever they’d treated it with was miraculous.  She probably would have been off it for days, or longer, without the Hrwang medicine.
   She ate breakfast with Noah and she felt like she was hiding from the Lord Admiral.  After they finished eating, she thanked him, he told her to be careful, and she tried to go about her business as usual.
   Only she couldn’t.  She found she was uncomfortable in the gym where she and Tomes had sparred and she had first kissed him to keep him from exposing her.  She left.  She couldn’t go to the dining area where they’d eaten together, she couldn’t go to the main hall where she had lured Shay to his death at the lieutenant’s hands, and she couldn’t stay in her room which slowly became the most oppressive location of all, the place where they had consummated their engagement, fake to her, real to him, and had planned for the future.
   Everywhere she went, she felt miserable.
   She debated switching rooms again but didn’t want to rouse undue suspicion.  She began to feel like a prisoner, just like she’d been in the Agency safe house when the Hrwang first attacked.  She hated that feeling.
   Two days later, two days of wandering around avoiding places she didn’t want to be, the Lord Admiral dropped a bombshell on her - he planned on leaving for Hrwang in the morning and she was coming with him.


105





   “Second Under Private?” a voice asked from behind a tree.  Jayla trudged through the forest, her legs no longer able to run, her mind still unable to allow her to stop moving.  Leah followed stoically behind.
   “Who are you?” Jayla replied in Malakshian and a man stepped out from behind the tree, zipping up the fly of his uniform.  “Second Pilot,” she added when she recognized him.
   “What are you doing here?” he asked.  “Where is Sixth Under Lieutenant?”
   Jayla glanced around herself as inconspicuously as she could.  She couldn’t see Leah.
   “We got separated,” Jayla lied, although it was hardly a lie.  They were permanently separated now.  Grief welled up inside her and she talked to avoid it.  “Where is everyone else?”
   “There was some shooting.  The two privates on guard went to investigate.  Not much happening here.”  He sounded bored.
   Jayla followed him, walking a pace behind the man who held a rank roughly equivalent to an Army Warrant Officer.  She didn’t understand exactly what that meant, other than that he outranked her in the Hrwang military.  She also looked around her and tried to see Leah, but the human soldier was nowhere in sight.
   Jayla had a thought and the thought became a plan.  She acted almost instinctively, just as she had when she struck the old man with her father’s walking stick.
   As soon as they entered through the hatch of the Hrwang combat vehicle, the pilot set his hand weapon down.  Jayla reached forward gently and picked it up.
   “Get back outside,” she told him, pointing the weapon right at his head, then waved it between him and the First Pilot.  “You, too.  Give me your gun.”
   Both pilots laughed at her, but she didn’t laugh back.
   Second Pilot glared at her in disbelief, then looked at the gun in her hand.  He shrugged and left through the hatch, an uncomprehending look still on his face.  First Pilot said his gun was in a locker.
   “Get out!” she ordered.
   “What are you doing?” he asked.
   “I don’t want to hurt you.  I’ve seen enough of that.  Just get out.”
   “Did you and the Lieutenant fight?”
   “Get out now!”
   He lifted his hands in the air and hunched awkwardly through the hatch.
   “Okay, okay.”
   Jayla double-checked that no one was inside the vehicle and chided herself for not having done that sooner.  Someone could have hidden behind a seat and jumped out at her, disarming her and ruining her plan.
   “Leah,” she yelled out of the hatch.  They’d exchanged names during their flight.  “You two.  Get on your knees,” she yelled at the pilots outside.
   But the aliens didn’t obey.  One bolted left, the other right.
   “Leah,” she screamed now and the Swiss woman, who must have been watching from the forest, ran out from behind a tree toward the vehicle.  Jayla checked both ways out of the hatch to make sure the pilots hadn’t doubled back to try to jump her.  She kept the handgun ready.  She’d shoot them if they attacked.
   She also didn’t dare step back inside the craft.  The AI could simply close the hatch and she’d never be able to get it open again if it didn’t listen to her.  She kept her body partway through the hatch simply to prevent it from closing without her saying so.
   Jayla kept checking, but the pilots remained out of sight.
   It felt like Leah ran in slow motion and Jayla begged her mentally to hurry.  She looked left, she looked right, then left, keeping the handgun close to her side like her captain taught her.
   He’d been Fifth Under Captain when he’d taught her that, and she still thought of him as her captain, despite his demotion and their engagement.  Gerrel might be dead, but in her mind she knew Fifth Under Captain, the compassionate soldier who’d rescued her from terrible men, still lived on.
   Leah shouted a warning as she ran and Jayla instinctively ducked back inside the craft as one of the pilots reached down from the roof and tried to grab her.  She fired at his hands, aiming up so as not to hit Leah, who dove to the ground anyway, and the man screamed and fell heavily in front of the hatch.
   Too afraid to look, she kept the gun pointed at the hatch.
   “Don’t close that until my friend is on board,” she said to the air, hoping the AI understood her.  She wasn’t sure if she’d used the correct tense in Malakshian for a command.
   Why had the man attacked her?  Just trying to get his vehicle back, she thought, but he was stupid.  Her captain told her how deadly the handguns were.  They were coded so only the members of the squad could use them, but since Jayla was officially part of the Hrwang military, and part of Gerrel’s team, her hand had been coded also.
   Something struck the hatch, Leah’s head bobbed in, her hands steadying herself, and Jayla screamed at her to get in.
   “Close the hatch, close the hatch, close the hatch,” she yelled at the craft and the AI complied.  It half surprised Jayla that it obeyed her.
   Out of breath, Leah crawled across the decking to where Jayla sat, still pointing her gun at the hatch.
   “Take us out of here,” Jayla yelled but nothing happened.
   Her tablet.
   “Hold this,” she said to Leah before she realized Leah wouldn’t be able to fire the gun.  She also knew Leah wouldn’t be able to work her tablet, which was also encoded to her biometrics.  She scrolled to the maps app, found the location she wanted, then traded Leah the tablet for the gun.
   “Sit in the pilot’s seat on the left, then take this tablet and set it in a recess you’ll see by your right hand.”
   “That’s it?”
   “I think so.”
   Someone pounded on the hatch.
   “Don’t open it!” Jayla tried to command.  The words came out in a shriek, not the firm tone of voice Fifth Under Captain always used, but the AI didn’t open the hatch.
   She kept the gun trained on it while Leah fussed with the tablet, finally getting it in the direction it needed to be in to allow its insertion.  The engines began to whine.
   Jayla felt like the AI was cooperating with her even though it must have known she was hijacking it.  She wished she could talk to it and it would respond.  She didn’t know how smart the AI was, although she knew it protected itself, and thus its crew, from danger.  The Hrwang lost very few combat craft due to the protective programming their AIs possessed.
   However, the AIs were also obedient and would put themselves in harm’s way if commanded.  She hoped this one was in an obedient mood at the moment.
   The engines continued to whine.
   “How did you shoot that man through the door?” Leah asked when she had nothing to do.
   “These guns are deadly.  If the bullet gets close to you, but it’s going to miss, it simply explodes in your direction.  They’re not supposed to be used at close range.”
   Jayla felt the familiar rocking sensation as the AI jumped the craft to a spot fifty or sixty feet in the air above the destination she coded into her tablet.  Leah’s hands went out to her sides, grabbing things to hold on to.  It was almost funny.
   “Just fly around a bit,” Jayla said to the aircraft hoping the AI would listen.
   “I don’t know how to do that,” Leah replied.
   “I’m taking to the computer, not you.”
   “Their computers talk?”
   “Nope, they just listen.”
   She repeated her instructions in Malakshian, but the AI seemed to be already following them from when she spoke in English.
   She watched out the cockpit window.  She couldn’t tell if the devastation below was really D.C.  All she could see were craters.
   She had to admit to herself she didn’t even know what building her Daddy worked in or what he really did for the government.  He was a scientist or something, but had stopped doing research years before.  He said he helped make it easier for other scientists to do research.
   It was hopeless.  If they were over D.C., there was nothing left.
   “Is this where you lived?” the Swiss soldier, Leah, asked.
   “No.  We’re gonna try that next.”
   Jayla worked with her tablet for a few minutes and placed it into the receptacle.  The image outside the windows changed.
   “Where are we at?”  Leah asked.
   “East of Boise.  I see it.  There.  Look,” Jayla cried.  “The Idaho Botanical Garden.  We live just on the hill overlooking it.”
   “Your parents are rich,” Leah commented.  All of the houses on the ridge were big.
   Jayla didn’t want to discuss her familial situation, so she started talking to the aircraft to get it to fly closer.  It obeyed her until shots were fired from the homes.
   Some of the homes looked burned out on closer inspection.  Horses and motorcycles surrounded others.  More people came out and fired on them.  The aircraft juked as it flew around the area, slowly gaining altitude to avoid bullets striking the hull, and Jayla sat back in her seat in frustration.
   The aircraft rose until no more bullets hit it.
   “What now?” Leah asked gently.
   Jayla couldn’t answer.  Tears came, her throat constricted, and she simply cried.  Leah moved to her and the two women held each other and cried together, both giving over to the loss they felt.  The aircraft simply hovered while they consoled each other.
   Wiping her eyes, Jayla thanked Leah for being there.  The Swiss soldier’s eyes were red and she wiped her nose with her arm.  The two women stared at each other, lost in pain, and Jayla decided they only had one option.  She got out her tablet.
   The scenery outside changed again and Jayla spoke the last words she would say to the AI.
   “Just set it down easy.  About fifty yards in front.”
   The craft landed and the hatch opened.
   “Keep your hands up when we get out,” she instructed Leah.  “These are friends, but they might not recognize us at first.”
   “Where are we?” Leah asked.
   “The safest place on Earth I know.”


106





   The Lord Admiral came into Eva’s room late at night, Eva’s last night on Earth if she left for Hrwang with him, reeking of musk and alcohol.
   “I’m sorry, Lord Admiral.  I...”  She didn’t know what to say.  She couldn’t be with him at that moment.
   “Victory!” he slurred.  He tried to look at Eva but his eyes didn’t focus.  “You should be in my bedroom!”
   “I...” Eva’s voice trailed off.  She didn’t know what to say.  He stumbled toward her and she moved out of the way.  He reached out half-heartedly, stopped himself, then found her again.
   “I don’t like those pajamas,” he declared, his voice overly loud.
   Eva wore yoga pants and a tank top, the clothes she thought she would wear to be comfortable for traveling in, as if flying on a spaceship was the same as flying on an airplane. Two hundred and fifty light-years.  Nothing.  Just a hop and a skip and two and a half years.  She didn’t even know where Hrwang was.  Or which direction.  Not that any of that made any difference.  She would go to sleep in one solar system and wake up in another.  Like falling asleep on a long car ride and waking up disoriented, watching out the window for freeway signs to indicate how many miles she’d slept.
   Only two hundred and fifty light-years was more miles than anyone could count.
   The new Lieutenant Grenadier, a thinner, younger man than Tomes, but equally as well built and probably just as suspicious, had given Eva a cloth pack not much bigger than a briefcase and had told her everything she wanted to bring had to fit into it, including the clothes she wore.  Everyone traveled naked.
   It wasn’t lost on her that she would be the only woman on the whole ship.
   Trying to decide what to fit into the pack and what to simply ditch made Eva feel like a Mormon pioneer woman trying to figure out which of her household goods to bring with her in the tiny wagon or handcart that she would accompany across the plains.  Pianos, sofas, dinnerware sets, chandeliers, any trapping of wealth or luxury left behind.  They brought food, cookware, and clothing.  Just the basics.
   Eva wouldn’t even have that much.
   She’d wear her oldest pair of running shoes up and let the Hrwang toss them.  Her newest pair went into the pack along with a nice dress, a pair of heels, underwear, and her two favorite running outfits.  Nothing else would fit.
   Now the Lord Admiral stood between her and the bed and her pathetic little cloth pack.
   “You’re drunk,” she whispered to him.
   His face flared in anger, then softened.  He spoke in Est now, not English.
   “You may be right.”
   He stared at her and Eva began to feel fear.  Like a woman married to an alcoholic, she experienced the anxiety they must have to endure every night when a spouse returned from a bar.  She experienced the hopeless desperation that must rule their lives.
   “Change your pajamas,” he ordered.
   She thought about running away.  She thought about killing him, then running away.  Someone probably stood guard outside her door and she wouldn’t get ten feet.  Besides, she was supposed to go to Hrwang with him.
   Her breathing increased and she had to calm herself down to prevent hyperventilation.  Her hands shook and her body broke out in a sweat, just like her grandmother did when she had a hot flash.
   “Now!” he added, and he turned his back to her, stumbling toward her bed.  He swept the pack off in a clumsy motion and it fell to the floor, part of Eva’s goods spilling out of it.  She moved toward it.
   “Leave it!” he cried.  He stared at her.  “Change!”
   She was no longer defiant.  She had no strength.  The girl who had fought the gun battle in Las Vegas was gone.
   She was empty.
   Alone.
   Her hands shook.
   She turned her back to him and rooted out a beige nightdress with spaghetti straps.  It was comfortable and the Lord Admiral liked it.  She undressed, her hands still trembling, and pulled the nightdress on.  When she turned back, he was already asleep on her bed.
   Relieved, she left the nightdress on in case he woke up.  It was also one of her favorites and she didn’t mind wearing it one last time before she left Earth.
   She couldn’t fathom that concept.
   Her last night on Earth.
   She crawled gently into the bed, trying not to disturb the man who was probably the most powerful person on Earth at that moment.  He snored deeply in his drunken slumber.  She turned on her side with her back toward him.
   A steady drumbeat of rain outside the window calmed her.

   Sleep came more quickly than she expected, and with it came nightmares.  Tomes visited her, but he turned into the Lord Admiral who then turned into an octopus that grabbed her everywhere.  She awoke and the Lord Admiral’s arms were draped over her, his hand twisted up in the strap of her nightdress.
   Whenever the Lord Admiral featured in her dreams, he often had tentacles.  The symbolism seemed obvious.
   Could she really go to Hrwang with him?
   She began to tremble again.
   She thought about getting out of bed to walk around, maybe getting a drink of water, but the Lord Admiral’s hand was still tangled in the strap of her nightdress.  She didn’t want to wake him, especially now that she’d made an important decision.  As soon as she thought of it, she decided to do it.  She had to act quickly.
   She slowed her breathing down and tried to calm herself.  She might only have seconds to carry out her plan.
   The Lord Admiral snorted and turned a little, his fingers gripping the strap tighter.
   She tried slowly, carefully, to untangle the strap but his fingers were wrapped through it and it was impossible.  Despair almost defeated her, then she had another idea.
   She lifted her arms up and squirmed out of the nightdress until she sat naked on the floor next to the bed.  The Lord Admiral made a noise, and Eva didn’t dare wait or even take the time to dress.  She ran for the window, climbed out, and ran, barefoot and naked, into the rainy night.

   No one, nothing, followed her.  Maybe it was the rain.  Maybe it was because the aliens were all preparing for the return trip to Hrwang.  Maybe, despite the attack at the German castle, they’d become lax, not afraid of the pathetic humans.
   Eva felt like an especially pathetic human, running naked in the rain.
   She didn’t care why there weren’t any Hrwang or their little airplanes around.
   She only saw guards at one checkpoint, but she knew how to get around them undetected, she did it often and it was easy now, and then she was free of the aliens.
   The rain stopped, clouds parted, and a miraculously full moon penetrated the remaining light clouds, casting just enough glow on the desert landscape that Eva could find her way.  She looked up at the moon, grateful, and wondered if perhaps God wanted her to escape from the Hrwang and was lighting her way.  Her situation reminded her of Joseph from the Old Testament, and she wondered if he had also escaped under a full moon when he’d fled Potiphar’s wife.
   Eva stayed on known trails nonetheless, not wanting to stub a toe or break an ankle, and found herself quickly at the rock that had become her communication drop with Juan and Mark.  It was at least a twenty minute run from the castle and Eva felt like she’d made it there in five.  She didn’t stop at it.  She’d never be able to read a message in the dark and there hadn’t been any there anyway since she’d found Jim.
   She wished though, as she ran, that she’d stopped long enough to grab a sports bra or something.  Running naked was awkward.
   After the rock, she slowed a little.  She was on less familiar ground and she didn’t want to fall, particularly if there were any cactus around.  The image of falling on a cactus naked wouldn’t go away, and she slowed down more until she was barely jogging, focusing intently on the ground in front of her.
   She never saw the large figure behind the scrubby tree until he reached out to grab her.


107





   The planning for the withdrawal from the United Nations Headquarters seemed to take forever, seemed to involve so many elements, that John Cathey felt like his head swam through muck most of the time.  He had no experience planning this sort of an operation.
   Fortunately members of his council did, or at least they acted like they did.
   The endless planning ended too quickly and John lay on the ground outside the building, holding his rifle with too few shells, watching the perimeter teams check in with each other.
   Three a.m. and no one had shown up.  No one watched them.  No one prevented the women and children behind the two layers of screening troops from loading everything they could onto the three barges.
   “I know the captain,” the Mormon bishop had said.
   “Can you trust him?” John had asked.  The defection of so many people had left him wary.
   “He’s in my ward.”
   “What’s that mean?”
   “It’s like a catholic parish.  We attended church together every Sunday.”
   “He has room for everyone?”
   The bishop had nodded.
   No one knew any good way to get out of the city from where they were, until the bishop came up with the idea of using the barges.  He’d jokingly said, “I know a guy,” but it was more than a joke.  He’d told them refugees lived on the barges, but they too were running out of ammunition and food.  They wanted to make a break for it but were afraid.
   Barges weren’t the quickest escape vehicles.
   “It’s time,” a voice whispered to him.  John nodded although the night was so dark no one could have seen the movement.  He rolled a stone in his hand, rubbing it with his fingers.  He’d selected it specifically for this part of the mission.
   Pausing for just a moment, he tossed it forward.  It skipped noisily on the pavement as intended.  It had to alert the member of the perimeter who wore night vision goggles.
   John gave a thumbs up into the darkness.
   He could hear whispered commands, soft movement, then his perimeter teams were falling back, slowly, softly, quietly, and John felt them pass him, felt a hand on his shoulder as the team lead handed him the goggles.  John put them on and he could see the figures moving toward their next position.
   The phased withdrawal seemed like overkill until John looked forward and saw all of the shapes outside the fence.  They’d waited until that exact moment, probably waiting for John’s people to finish loading the barges for them, which meant they knew the plans exactly.  Which meant someone else had defected.
   He wondered what thirty pieces of silver translated to in the current economy.
   His perimeter team was in position.  The shapes outside moved close enough now to be seen individually.  John decided not to wait.  He didn’t need to pass commands down the line.  He knew exactly how to begin this firefight.
   He picked a target, aimed clumsily with the goggles, and fired.
   The muzzle flash blinded him momentarily.
   
   John tore off the now useless night vision goggles, leaving them hanging backwards around his neck.
   Shooting, shouting, and occasional screaming filled the darkness, and John couldn’t see anything.  He simply followed Plan B.
   Every step of the operation had a Plan A and a Plan B.
   Plan B, if they were attacked at the end of the first line of withdrawal, called for the perimeter team to lay down fire as John’s line of defense slowly retreated.
   John shot his rifle, crawled backwards a few feet, keeping his head and his rear low so they didn’t get shot off by his own people behind him, then fired again.
   A former Army major explained to them over and over again that night fighting required discipline.  Friend and foe were almost indistinguishable.  Gunfire blinded.
   Anyone on John’s team panicking, standing up and running for the rear, would be shot because they would naturally appear like an attacker charging the defensive line.  John, and everyone in his group, had to crawl slowly and keep facing the enemy.
   The first few seconds of a firefight were always the most intense as nervous hands emptied magazines.  A brief lull to reload was followed by less shooting as everyone realized how quickly ammunition would run out.  John’s unknown assailants were in this stage of the battle and he moved backwards a little more quickly, conserving his own ammunition.
   Crawling backwards thirty yards seemed like no big deal on paper, but now that he actually had to do it, it was painful.  Keeping his head low hurt his neck.  He still felt blind and he hoped, as he fired a single shot, that he hadn’t gotten turned around and was firing on his own people.
   He tried to keep backing up in the direction the shooting was coming from, knowing that his own people would be covering him and his team.
   Someone from the enemy shone a flashlight in his direction and the light was quickly extinguished under a hail of fire.  It proved that at least some of their attackers were amateurs.
   A hand on John’s foot meant he had at least accomplished his first objective.  He moved behind the second line, which now became the first line, and reloaded.  He risked getting up on his feet, hunched over as far as he could, and fell back to the final line of defense.  They’d put up boxes and crates, some empty, some filled with whatever debris they could salvage from the building.  A few defenders would be lucky enough to be able to hide behind metal shielding, panels taken down from maintenance areas and assembled into makeshift cover.
   Figures rushed toward him and he resisted the urge to shoot.  He and everyone else who now occupied the final line had no more than one or two magazines left.  They were there in case the enemy charged.
   John fingered his safety on and off nervously.
   Someone cried, “Red!” behind him and that meant that everyone in front of him was now an enemy.  He tried to distinguish dim shapes from dim shapes, pounding feet from pounding feet, and wasn’t sure if the attackers took advantage of the lull in shooting to move forward or not.
   What was a few shells?
   He tried to fire and the trigger wouldn’t pull.  What was wrong?  Had his gun misfired?  Did he have to clean it?  He shook the thing, pulled the magazine out and reinserted it.  Others fired around him and bullets began flying in his direction.  He scrunched down to get hidden under cover and cursed at his useless weapon.  He smacked it, tapped the butt on the ground, but the trigger still wouldn’t pull.
   He felt the urge to wet his pants.
   He’d been in firefights before.  Even one where he thought for sure he was going to die.  He knew he had to think clearly to stay alive, to help others stay alive.
   He screamed at the rifle.
   Someone crawled next to him.
   “Let me see, sir,” James whispered.  James was a good boy, no more than nineteen, and volunteered to do anything that was needed.  John handed him the rifle.
   “Safety is on, sir.” James said quickly and handed the rifle back to John.  John cursed inwardly.  Soldiers had been killed for making lesser mistakes.
   He put the rifle over the top of the barrier and it fired as designed.  James did also and eventually the shots hitting the barriers lightened up.
   “Pink!”
   The command came from behind him.  Time to fall back one more time.




108





   Eva instinctively dropped to the ground when she was grabbed and twisted her feet on her 
attacker’s legs, trying to knock him off balance.  He didn’t budge, it was like he was a tower of steel, but he didn’t dive on her either.
   “Eva, it’s me,” the man cried in a loud whisper and Eva stopped trying to take him down.  “It’s Juan,” he said.
   “What are you doing?” she yelled.  She still sat on the ground and looked up at him.  He held a small, military flashlight with a tactical red lens pointed at her.  She put her arm across her chest.
   “What are you doing?” he asked back.  He watched her cover herself and he took his jacket off and handed it to her.  He looked away while she put it on.  She stood up and he commented, “You know you’re like my sister, right?  My beautiful, hot, naked sister who seduces aliens, but still my sister.”
   She whacked him on the back of the head.  He ducked and turned to her.
   “There.  You look better with clothes on,” he said, “although that jacket almost isn’t long enough.”
   “Thank you, Juan.  I’m sorry I yelled.  You surprised me.”
   “I’m learning how to be stealthy,” he bragged.  “It even worked on you.”
   She chuckled.
   “So,” she said.  “It’s time to get me out of here.  The mission’s over.”
   “Seriously?  We can start sleeping in warm beds and eating hot food again?”
   “I don’t know what your problem is.  I’ve been sleeping in warm beds the whole time.”
   “I’m not touching that with a ten foot pole,” he said and she whacked him on the back of the head again, reaching up to do so.  He smiled and gave her a tender hug.  Eva wanted to stay in his arms.  To feel the warmth and security.  Juan was her original grenadier.  Not a lover, but someone who kept her safe.  She remembered his impossible grenade throw with wonder.  No one could hurt her when he was around.
   She followed him.  He used the red light flashlight to find his way and Eva’s feet started to get sore.  Running away naked hadn’t been her brightest idea, but she was free now.  Hearst Castle had felt like a prison, just like the Agency safe house had, and Eva never wanted to feel that way again.  She was free of the Lord Admiral.  Free of the Hrwang.  Free of everything.
   Earth isn’t, a tiny voice said.  That’s Earth’s problem, not mine, she said back to the voice and focused on Juan’s back as he led her deeper into the foothills.

   “That was quite a stunt, Gilliam,” Mark said as he threw his one arm around her when she entered the tiny, camouflaged outpost the men had built.  “We saw you coming as soon as you left Hearst.”  He pointed to a large telescope sitting on a tripod at the top of the hill the outpost hid behind.
   “How?” Eva started to ask.
   “It’s infrared.  Turns out naked women light the thing up like a Christmas tree.”
   Eva blushed.
   A third man poked his head out from around the side of the entryway.
   “Hi,” he said, waving self-consciously at Eva.
   “Who’s that?” she asked, turning to Mark and Juan.
   “Eva, meet Derek.  Derek, Eva.  Derek’s the new guy,” Mark told her.
   “Hi, Derek,” she said and he half waved again.  “I need to sit down.”
   Juan rushed to get her a blanket.  She wrapped it around her lower half and sat, grateful for the cover.  The jacket would have left her exposed in front of the three men.
   “What’s going on?” Mark asked her when she settled.
   “I’m done.  I’m out.  I have a bunch more intel for you, but I can’t go back.”   
   “Okay.  Cover blown?”
   “No.”  She shook her head.  “He wants to take me back to his home planet.  Back to Hrwang.  I’d be in cold sleep for two and a half years.”
   “What’s cold sleep?” Derek asked.
   “It’s like suspended animation.  Just like in the movies.  The Hrwang have figured it out.  You can sleep years without it killing you.  That’s how they travel between the stars.”
   “Do you age?”
   “They tell me you don’t.”  She shut up suddenly, not wanting to reveal things to a stranger.  Everyone noticed.
   “He’s okay, Gilliam,” Mark said.  “He’s Marines.  We saved him from a suicide mission.”
   “My suicide mission’s over,” she said.  “I’m done.”
   “Hot food,” Juan said and grinned, putting his hand up to high five Mark.  Mark didn’t high five him back.
   “We have to talk to the Director,” he said.
   “Marceline?  Is she here?” Eva asked.
   “Radio.”
   “No way.  The Hrwang can detect anything,” she said.
   “We’ve been testing for days with this new system.  The Hrwang haven’t picked up on it yet.  Hardwired to a broadcast point miles away, just in case, then a signal buried amidst atmospheric background noise.  The Agency is putting in repeaters where it can.  Starting to reestablish a communications network.”
   “They’ll figure it out.  They never broadcast anything except prearranged signals.  You know a signal’s been sent, but there’s no way of knowing what it means.  They’ve never created an encoding system they couldn’t break.”
   “Our tech guys are pretty confident.”
   “They could detect a passive microrecorder when it was on.”
   Mark put his hand on Eva’s arm.
   “It’s okay, Eva.  We’ll be okay.”
   He didn’t convince her.  She knew the Hrwang would eventually detect it and their combat vehicles would appear in the sky and the two people left in the world she trusted the most would be dead.
   “If it doesn’t work out long term, we’re training carrier pigeons,” Juan said.
   That made her laugh.  The tension she felt went away at his joke and she relaxed.
   “I’m serious,” Juan said, turning to Derek.  “She thinks I’m joking.  I’m serious.”
   Derek shrugged.  “He’s serious.”
   “Carrier pigeons.  By the time the aliens are done with this planet, we’ll be back to the Stone Age,” Eva said.  “Listen.  They’re running out of their alien ammunition.  More and more of them are carrying our weapons.  We need to engage them in battles, everywhere.  Tax their resources to the limit.  They...”
   Derek interrupted.  “Battles with them don’t turn out so well.”
   “I know there’ll be losses.  But it’s the only way.  Some woman in a Middle Eastern country blew herself up, killing half a squad and ruining a vehicle.  They’re terrified it will happen again.”
   “Eva, slow down.  It’s worse than that.”  Mark handed her a flyer and Eva read it quickly.  It invited trained individuals to join a fleet colonizing a new world.  “Did you know about this?”
   Eva’s shoulders slumped.
   “No,” she replied.
   “The Director told us they’ve stopped,” Mark said.  “No more aliens have shown up to ferry people up into space, at least not in the region she has intel on.  Do you know why?”
   “They must be finished.  The Lord Admiral was bragging about a victory tonight.  Maybe that’s why we’re, he’s,” she corrected herself, “leaving tomorrow.”
   “Tomorrow?” Juan said incredulously.  “Hi, honey, I’m home.  Pack your bags to go to sleep for a few years.  We leave in the morning.”
   “Bag.  I only got one bag.  And it was small.”  Eva sniffed, tears coming to her eyes.  “And that’s about how it was.”
   “We’ve got to call the Director,” Mark announced and the conversation ended.

   It took thirty minutes to get her on the line.  Juan gave Eva some food and a bottled water and she curled up under her blanket while they waited.
   “How do you keep this place stocked?” Eva asked.
   “Lots of hoofing it,” he replied.  They whispered while Mark spoke on the transmitter.  Derek had gone back up the hill to monitor Hearst with the infrared telescope.
   “Does he make you do all the work?” she asked Juan, referring to Mark.
   Juan chuckled.  “He cares about you Eva.  So do I.”
   “I know.  I’m your hot sister.  I guess that’s better than being a killing machine.”
   “I’m sorry.  I’m so embarrassed I said that.  When you were lying there all naked, I guess not all of my brain was functioning.  I’m sorry.”
   “It’s the most honest thing anyone’s said to me in a while,” Eva lied.  She wasn’t ready to talk about Tomes yet.  Just thinking about him still tore her up inside.  She didn’t know how she’d let someone get that close to her, so quickly, especially on a mission.  She needed to remain detached.  She’d never make that mistake again.
   “She’s on,” Mark announced.  “Don’t use names, locations, anything that would give us away should it get intercepted.”
   “That’s going to be tough.”
   “Just try, Eva.”
   “Carrier pigeons would be safer.”
   He laughed a little despite clearly not wanting to.
   Eva sat down at the transmitter.
   “Hi,” she said.
   “It’s good to hear your voice, Rapunzel.  How are you?” the computerized voice said over the speaker after a short delay.  ‘Rapunzel’, Eva mouthed, glaring daggers at Mark.  He grinned back.
   “I’m better now.  Thank you.”
   “What’s going on?”
   It felt awkward waiting for the delay after each statement.  Eva told herself to ignore it and just make her report.
   “I’ve got some good intel.  I’ve shared some of it with Humpty Dumpty’s horses here.”
   “We’re ‘Robin Hood’,” Mark whispered.  “She’s Caterpillar.  From Alice in Wonderland.”
   “Has Robin Hood got you up to speed?” the computerized voice asked after a moment.
   “Yes, Caterpillar.  I’m ready to come in and make a full report.  I have some ideas.”
   “Is it true the Wicked Witch wants to take you back to his lair?”
   The Lord Admiral was the Wicked Witch?  Who came up with these names?  She knew immediately it was Mark.  The Hrwang wouldn’t understand the references and he could have some fun.  Idiot.
   “Uh, yes, Caterpillar.  We’re to leave in the morning.”
   The pause that followed took longer than was necessitated by the equipment.  Eva almost spoke again into the transmitter when she heard the computerized voice.
   “Rapunzel, I can’t imagine the difficulties you’ve faced.  But please understand the difficulties our world is facing.  The Earth is dying.  You have ideas.  I have ideas.  Everyone has ideas, but Earth is dying.  I know why all those people left to colonize a new world.  They know what I know.  They know what you know.”
   Another pause.  Eva waited.
   “Rapunzel, you did something I never would have asked anyone to do.  I figured you’d be dead in a week, but you weren’t.  You’re the only person who’s gotten close to the Wicked Witch.”
   “And you want me to go back and kill him?” Eva asked with a heavy heart.  It would mean her death.  Maybe Mark, Juan, and the new guy could help her come up with a plan that would let her survive.  Maybe not.  She thought about strangling the Lord Admiral, how it would feel, but now that she’d felt safe for a few minutes, she didn’t want to go back.  She didn’t want to take a risk that could only end in her death.
   The delay waiting for the Director’s response felt endless.
   “Negative, Rapunzel,” she finally replied in the computerized voice.  “I do not want you to kill him.  I want you to go to his lair.”
   Juan cried out in disapproval.
   “I don’t understand, Caterpillar,” Eva said.  “Please repeat.”
   Another endless delay.
   “Rapunzel, the Earth is dying.  I don’t know how we’re going to save it.  Maybe you will, if you go with the Wicked Witch.”
   Eva couldn’t breathe.  She pulled her blanket up around herself.  This couldn’t be happening.  How could she go to Hrwang?
   “Rapunzel, save us,” the Director’s computerized voice begged.
   No one spoke, but Juan and Mark stared at her.  She thought of everything it meant to go to Hrwang.  Gone for two and half years.  And that was just one way.  At least five years total.  Would the Earth even be here to save after five years?  Or would radioactive clouds have swept the planet clean of life?  Would the food run out?  Would everyone just shoot each other?  What would happen in five years?
   And how would it be different if she stayed?
   She tried to say something and her voice wouldn’t cooperate.  She swallowed, knowing the decision she made was as rash as anything she’d ever done in her life.
   “Okay,” she croaked.

   Juan held her like he’d never see her again.  Eva had to admit that was probably true.  She kissed Mark on the cheek, told the new guy, Derek, farewell, and hugged Juan again.  She told them to go inside and she’d leave the blanket and his jacket on the ground.
   “What?  Keep them,” Juan said.
   “I can’t.  I left naked, I have to return naked.”
   “Makes sense, Gilliam,” Mark said.
   Juan began bawling.  He sat down.  She stroked his hair with her fingers.
   “It’ll just be five years,” she told him.  “You do what you can on this end and I’ll do what I can on that end.  Who knows?  Maybe we’ll succeed.  Maybe we’ll get the old Earth back and people won’t be killing each other for food by then.”  She couldn’t talk anymore.  “Go inside,” she whispered.
   The three men moved out of view and Eva dropped the blanket and shrugged Juan’s jacket off, folding it and setting it on top of the blanket.  She set off for the longest run of her life.


109





   The fifty caliber machine gun on top of the guard house remained trained on Jayla and Leah as they slowly walked forward, their arms in the air.
   Jayla glanced behind herself once and the Hrwang combat craft was gone.
   “Stop right there,” a woman’s voice yelled.
   Jayla and Leah stopped.
   Three soldiers came out of the guardhouse, all with rifles trained on them.  Jayla went to her knees, too exhausted, too overcome with emotion at having stolen the Hrwang craft and killed yet one more person, to put up any form of resistance.  She would just pitch over, face forward in the dirt, if that’s what they wanted.
   “What’s that uniform?” one of the guards asked, pointing with his rifle at Leah, who had remained on her feet.
   “Swiss-Austrian militia,” she replied.
   “Where’d you get it?  Thrift shop?”
   Leah didn’t answer.
   “I don’t recognize any of you,” Jayla said.
   “Why would you, alien?”
   “I’m not an alien.  And we saved this position from attack.”  All the burned out vehicles had been towed away, but the ground still held the scars and stains of battle.  Broken glass, spilled oil, spent casings.  Dried blood.
   “You’re the ones?  The black alien soldiers that provided air support?”
   “I’m human.  But I was with them.”
   “Where’s Lizzy?” a voice cried from behind the barrier and a female guard ran toward them.  “Where’s Lizzy?”
   Too tired to kneel any longer, Jayla moved to a sitting position.
   “I don’t know,” she answered when the female guard reached her.  “We brought her to an alien hospital in space.  She’s not back yet?”
   “We haven’t heard anything.  You put her on your spaceship and it disappeared, just like it did now.  We’ve had no contact since.  Is she okay?”
   “They said she was gonna live.  She needed surgery.  Maybe she’s still recovering in space.”
   “Can you find out?  Can I call her?  See her?”
   Jayla shook her head.  “That would be difficult.”
   “Why?” the female guard cried.  “Why?”
   Jayla looked down at her feet and grief welled up inside again.  She saw her fiancé take a gun and place it to his head and pull the trigger.  That image would never go away.  Tears came.
   “Let’s get them inside.  Do you need to eat or drink?  Who are you?” she asked, finally noticing Leah.
   “Leah,” she answered.
   “I’m Lindsey.  Come inside.”

   Out of the heat, with cold lemonade and a snack pack of cookies, Jayla decided to answer Lindsey’s question.
   “Me and the Hrwang aren’t on speaking terms anymore.”
   “What happened?” Lindsey asked.  She wore captain’s bars and everyone else gave her space.
   “She killed one of them and stole that vehicle we came here in,” Leah answered when Jayla merely stared at her cookies.
   “What?  Why?  Didn’t they make you one of their soldiers?”
   My fiancé killed her fiancé and then when I wouldn’t let him kill her, he killed himself instead because he was an idiot soldier and had to kill something!
   But the words wouldn’t come out of Jayla’s mouth and she cried instead.  Leah began wailing also and Lindsey focused on comforting the two of them instead of asking questions she desperately wanted answers to.

   Jayla awoke with a stuffy nose, a headache, and burning eyes.  She opened her eyes and discovered she lay on a cot in a dingy room made of cinderblock painted yellow.  She saw two kerosene lanterns.  These, and an open door, provided the only source of light.
   Leah slept on a cot nearby.  Other soldiers lounged on cots and several stood in a corner.  One noticed her and left.
   Lindsey returned with the soldier and two bottles of lemonade and two bundles in saran wrap.  She handed one to Jayla.  A sandwich.
   Jayla tried to remember when she’d eaten last and it had been a while.  The soldiers around Neuschwanstein had been on half rations and Jayla always felt hungry.  She unwrapped the sandwich and ate.
   Her nose ran and she sniffed it in, swallowing mucus.  She felt pathetic.
   “Drink,” Lindsey said.
   Jayla drank the lemonade, momentarily wondering if it was spiked.  But she’d already been asleep.  If anyone had wanted to do anything wrong to her, they would have done it already.  She finished, balled up the saran wrap, and handed it and the bottle to Lindsey, who passed them on to the waiting soldier.
   “So, you’re in charge now?” Jayla asked.
   “As one of the few survivors of the attack we were in, I was promoted for heroism.  I asked to stay here though.  I’d hoped you’d return with Lizzy.”
   “She your best friend?”
   Lindsey nodded.
   “My dad was my best friend.  I think he died in the alien attack.  He was in Washington.”
   “I’m sorry.”
   “I’m sure your friend is fine.  The Hrwang have really good medicine.”
   “Thank you.”
   Jayla bit her lip.  There was only one thing she could think of that she needed to do now, but she feared what others would say.  When you abandon someone, can you ever go back?
   “A truck is on its way to take you and your friend to St. George.  A bus leaves there every day and goes up to Salt Lake.  I checked.  Your sister is at Highland Ridge hospital.  You should go see her.”
   Jayla burst into tears and threw her arms around Lindsey’s neck.  The soldier hugged her back.

   Leah waited outside while Jayla went into her sister’s room.  She heard screams of joy and lots of laughter.  Someone said Jayla’s name, but enunciated slowly, as if the syllables were foreign and the sounds difficult to make.  Jayla screamed again, “You remember!  You remember!” and there was more laughing and tears.
   A nurse came out of the room.
   “They could be a while,” she said.
   Leah nodded.
   “A refugee camp is probably going to be the only place you’ll find to stay.  Do you want me to find someone to take you to the closest?”
   Leah nodded again.
   She was lost.  She knew she was somewhere in America and the place seemed safe.  They had food.
   But her family was in Switzerland.  Her fiancé lay dead in a German forest.  She wondered if his body had even been discovered.  Would someone bury him?
   Wolfgang wouldn’t care, she thought.  He was finally reunited with his first wife and his daughter, if all the things he’d told her were true.  They could be together for all eternity now.
   She thought of Wolfgang the entire time she was escorted to the refugee camp.
   “A cot and a blanket are all we can provide you right now, but we’re doing the best we can,” an elderly woman explained to her.  She handed Leah a clipboard and a pen.  “I know paper seems kind of archaic, a little like me, but it’s all we got now for keeping records.  Just sign in here and I’ll show you a cot.  We’ll give you a day or two to get settled and to rest up.  Then we’ll need you to work.  I don’t know what you’ll do yet, but everybody has to pitch in.”
   “I understand,” Leah mumbled in German.
   “Oh, you’re German,” the woman exclaimed.  “I can a little German speak,” she said in German, her verbs in the wrong places.  Leah smiled at her.
   Leah looked at the paper on the clipboard.  It asked various questions like her place and date of birth, any known living relatives and their last known location, any religious affiliation, and so on.  She filled it all in, except for her name.
   She struggled to fill those blanks in, until finally, with tears in her eyes, she decided to take his name, and wrote Leah Riebe.


110





   “Where have you been, my dear?” the Lord Admiral mumbled when Eva slipped back into 
her bed.  He still clutched her nightdress.
   “I went for a walk,” she replied.  The cold, post rain night air had kept her from sweating too much, but if he’d touched her skin he would have known she’d been doing more than walking.  She tried to dry off a little with the blanket without him noticing.
   “Naked?”  He opened his eyes to look at her.  They held a classical hungover glaze.
   “You had my nightdress.  I didn’t want to disturb you.  No one saw me.”
   “Foolish,” he said and rolled over, away from her.  “You can’t walk around naked on Hrwang.  Only criminals walk around naked there.”
   “I’ll try to remember that,” she said, and she forced herself to play her part.  She ran her fingers through his short hair, but she thought of poor Juan.
   “Mmm,” he crooned and drifted back to sleep.
   Panic gripped her and she breathed deeply to control it, focusing on her fingers rubbing his head.  She decided she preferred dodging sniper bullets in a German castle to going to Hrwang with the Wicked Witch who lay next to her.

   “Do you know what a Rapunzel is?” the new Lieutenant Grenadier asked her quietly as they walked together to breakfast in the morning.  Eva carried the pack she would bring with her to Hrwang.  She wore her travel clothes.  The Lord Admiral walked several paces ahead of them, conferring with two other officers.
   Eva mustered her best poker face.  An innocent look.
   “She’s from an old German fairy tale.  She has really long hair and she lets people use it to climb up a tower to see her.”  Eva purposefully left out the hair color and forced her hand to stay down by her side and not reach up and stroke her own hair.  Avoiding tells was the key to being a good poker player.
   “Strange.  We intercepted some transmissions last night from a location...” he didn’t know the distance in English, so he said it in Est.  Eva’s mind blanked and she couldn’t convert the number.  It either meant seventy-five miles or seven point five miles away.  Seven point five would put it not far from where she’d been, from where Mark and Juan hid out to monitor her.  He continued in English.  “They were mostly garbled, but a few words were decodable.  That was one of them.”
   Eva wished she could figure out a way to warn Mark that the Agency’s latest transmission techniques and codes were vulnerable.  But she’d never get away now.  They were due to head for a transport vehicle immediately after breakfast.  The Lord Admiral told her to eat light.  He didn’t want her getting sick in zero gravity.
   “It’s a children’s story,” she said, intentionally not elaborating.
   “We’ve sent combat vehicles to the source.  If there’s anything there, we’ll find it.”

   “Looks like they broke the code,” Juan said.  He watched through binoculars as two Hrwang vehicles landed at what was left of their old post, the one no longer needed since Eva would no longer be at Hearst Castle.  Or even on Earth.
   “Eva was right.  They’re pretty smart,” Mark said, holding his own binoculars in his one hand.  All the important parts of the transmitter were in his pack.  Everything else they wanted to keep had been divvied up between Juan and Derek.
   Alien soldiers searched the rest.
   “But not that smart,” Mark added.
   Someone tripped the booby trap and ten pounds of C4 destroyed as much evidence as it could, taking a handful of the Hrwang with it.
     Mark put his binoculars away.  “Time for us to scoot while no one is looking.  Those aliens are gonna be all over these hills in no time flat.”
   They headed northwest away from Hearst, staying in valleys and under tree cover, as much tree cover as the California coastal region provided, and as soon as it got dark, they turned almost due east toward their rendezvous point at Lake San Antonio.
   
   Eva tried not to worry about Juan and Mark.  They’ll be okay, she told herself several times as she boarded the Hrwang transport.  The engines spun up, one of the pilots turned and said something in Est to the Lord Admiral, he nodded, and Eva felt the weightlessness of space.  She never heard the explosion from Mark’s booby trap.
   The engines shut off in space and rockets maneuvered them to their destination.  Eva thought about tactics and procedures to take her mind off her friends, and she discovered she had a question.
   “Why do they start the engines when we’re going into space?”
   “Just a precaution, my dear.  The AIs like it when we proceed as if we are concerned about them.  If they think we are taking care of them, they do what we say,” the Lord Admiral answered.
   “Kind of like people?”
   He smirked at her but didn’t respond.
   Eva watched everything the pilots did, but the men almost seemed redundant.  The AI did the brunt of the work and the pilots seemed to simply check things and be, as the Lord Admiral had pointed out, another precaution.
   They entered the hanger bay of First Command.
   She managed her way in zero gravity, grateful she’d listened to the instructions to only eat a light breakfast.  She felt a little like she was moving around underwater.
   Everyone stopped in a small room and began undressing.
   Really?
   “I’m sorry, my dear.  We all have to undress.”
   She knew the other men would watch her.  She huffed a little, then told herself to get over it.
   They did watch her while trying to not let her or the Lord Admiral notice.  It was clumsy in zero gravity and the compartment was not big enough for her, the Lord Admiral, and the three officers that accompanied them.  She couldn’t help but bump into others as she flailed around a bit.
   Two men in hazmat suits came in and sprayed a disinfecting foam over them.  Eva expected it to be unpleasant, but it wasn’t.
   She dressed in the gray utility jumpsuit they provided for her.  The men watched her dress as surreptitiously as they’d watched her undress.  She put booties on that were magnetized and that made walking easier.
   “Welcome aboard, my dear,” the Lord Admiral said graciously once they were all dressed, and he pointed toward a now open hatch.  She kicked through it, finding handrails in the corridor that helped with moving in zero gravity.  She found she enjoyed it, and she wished she’d taken more gymnastics classes.
   She did have a pressing need, however.
   “Lord Admiral?  Where’s the little girl’s room?”

   The new Lieutenant Grenadier accompanied her to a zero gravity toilet.
   “Have you ever used this before?” he asked, pointing to it.
   “Not many of those on Earth,” she answered.
   “I’ll need to help you.”  He grimaced a little as he said it.
   “Seriously?”
   She looked at the contraption in the tiny room he led her to and had no idea what to do.  The uniform she’d been given was a jump suit with a zipper down the front, which meant she’d have to get almost entirely naked in order to use the bathroom.
   Well, she’d already been naked in front of him once today, why not a second time?  Besides, her mission to save the Earth seemed to revolve a lot around her getting naked.
   She unzipped, then sat down on the toilet.  Apparently too quickly, because the force of sitting pushed her back off the toilet and into the air.  The lieutenant put his hands on her bare shoulders and pushed her back down.
   “These things on the sides are handles.”
   They didn’t look like handles, but Eva grabbed on to them, self-conscious about sitting there with her jumpsuit wrapped around her ankles in front of this stranger.
   He pointed to a cup like extension.
   “Place this over your groin,” he said.
   “I’m a girl,” Eva complained.
   “One size fits all,” he replied.  “If you don’t use it, the urine goes everywhere and I’m not going to clean it.”
   “Seriously?  You don’t have toilets designed for women?”
   “Our women are not warlike.  We do not ask them to serve in our military.”
   “Yay, Hrwang.  So advanced.”
   Shut up, Eva.  You’re going to get yourself in trouble.
   Her sarcasm embarrassed the lieutenant.
   Settled, she looked up at him.
   “You’re going to have to leave now.”
   He nodded, then pointed out the dispenser for the toilet paper.  It would have taken a while for Eva to find it, it just looked like a wall panel, so she nodded back in gratitude.  He left quickly.
   As she sat there, the toilet seemed to suck her body to it.  It felt so awkward, so uncomfortable, that at first she couldn’t go.
   Great, she thought.  I’m stuck here.
   She wondered what would happen if the ship were attacked or lost atmosphere and she recalled a story they’d been told during scuba training about a sailor in a decompression chamber having his intestines sucked out of his rear when a technician switched the wrong valve while the sailor was on the toilet.
   The instructor had shared the story with glee.
   Losing her intestines out into the vacuum of space didn’t appeal to her at the moment.
   She had to go.  Soon.
   She tried to think of something else, anything, and played back the sensations of being in space for the first time.  It really was pretty cool.  If Earth had had the same jump technology as the Hrwang, a lot more people could have experienced outer space.
   Life might have been very different.
   Getting her mind to not think about the awkwardness of using a zero gee toilet worked, and her body finally relaxed.  The flowing urine burned a little and she wondered if that were a side effect of zero gravity or if it meant that she simply wasn’t drinking enough fluid.  She opened the dispenser and pulled out a moist towelette, wiped with it, and wondered how to flush.
   She called through the door and it opened immediately.
   “How do I flush this thing?”
   The lieutenant reached in through the doorway and pointed out a button and she pushed it.  It caused her to panic momentarily as the pressure pulling on her body increased slightly, then it relaxed and she could push the cup attachment down and get up.
   “You need a class on how to use that thing,” she said.
   “We have one.  It’s part of basic training for all military members.”
   Eva laughed and the lieutenant finally laughed with her.  His laughter made her feel guilty.
   He turned away and she pulled her jumpsuit back up to cover herself, leaving it unzipped just a little.



111





   “Lord Admiral!”
   Stanley sprang up from his seat too quickly when the Lord Admiral and an entourage entered the command center of the William Bradford, formerly known as Fourth Transport, and his magnetic boots released from the deck.  He began floating upwards, catching himself on his chair with his hands, his stomach muscles tightening painfully as he tried to pull himself back down without looking too foolish.  His boots reconnected to the deck and he relaxed.
   “It can be tricky, Ambassador,” the Lord Admiral said, but then he smiled at Stanley.   Stanley warmed all over.
   “Yes, sir.”
   “How are things going, Ambassador?”
   Stanley shook his head in disbelief.  “Your men have worked miracles, Lord Admiral.  We have a full complement of passengers and crew on all twelve transports.  Two hundred and seventy-seven thousand people.  Roughly.”
   “Two hundred and seventy-six thousand four hundred and eighty passengers and three hundred and sixty crew, to be exact,” the Lord Admiral said.  “This has to be the greatest undertaking of your civilization.”
   “It staggers my mind,” Stanley replied honestly.
   “I’m sure it does.”  The Lord Admiral grinned at Stanley slyly and Stanley laughed.  It felt good, like a release, to laugh in the Lord Admiral’s presence.  The man laughed with him.
   “With so much automation on your ships, training has been simple.  I expect it will be completed shortly.”
   “I expect it will be completed today, Ambassador,” the Lord Admiral said.  “Which is why we are here.  There are some, oh, legal things that we must perform.  But we will do it in front of recorders.  It’s a historic moment.  And a solemn one.  You will return temporarily to First Command with me for them.”
   Stanley nodded but didn’t know how he should feel.  How did John Hancock and the other signers of the Declaration of Independence feel when they sat at the table and affixed their signatures on that document?  It now resided safely in a cargo hold aboard the William Bradford, along with the Magna Charta, the Constitution of the United States, the Charter of the United Nations, and a collection of video and audio recordings from the Lunar and Martian exploration missions.  Artwork from the Louvre and the British Museum filled the Lehi, as many important works from the Library of Congress as would fit were on the Peter Stuyvesant, digital records from two centuries of radio and television broadcasting were on the Paulo Dias de Novais, and so on.
   Some had argued that the collections should be split up evenly among the ships, but it was easier to transport and store most collections together.  The requirement for haste overcame the desire for redundancy, and the treasures of the Earth were saved in the twelve transport ships.  Stanley hardly believed what he had accomplished with the help of the Hrwang.  They were like a well oiled machine compared to the helpless staff officers he’d witnessed at Hearst Castle.  All they had needed was his leadership and his vision and they had sprung into action most impressively.
   Sometimes he thought he provided better leadership than the Lord Admiral himself.  Of course, he never would have suggested that to anyone else.  The Hrwang commander deserved the credit for mobilizing his men in support of Stanley’s idea.

   The ferry ride to First Command went quickly, and on the way, Stanley felt a little outnumbered by the Hrwang officers.  On board the Lord Admiral’s command vessel, the feeling only got worse.  They led him to the command deck.  The room was already filled with bright lights, recording devices, lots of soldiers.
   And her.
   Eva waved at little at him and he ignored her.
   He was pretty sure the video the First Doctor showed him came from the data stick he gave to the Lord Admiral’s girlfriend.  At the time he palmed it to her, he’d thought he’d pulled one over on the Lord Admiral and the Hrwang, but it seemed it suited the Lord Admiral’s purposes to show the video to his men, and Stanley decided the man’s girlfriend had helped him out.
   Not that he minded too much.  Whatever the Lord Admiral thought needed doing probably needed doing.  He was just disappointed in the girl.  The Hrwang leader had her in his back pocket and Stanley would never trust her again.  He lost sight of her when a bright light blinded him, and men with recorders pushed close to him.
   “Sit here, Ambassador,” a man indicated, and he adjusted the collar of Stanley’s jumpsuit.  Stanley sat where instructed and the man combed his hair and brushed something on Stanley’s face.  “The lights,” he said, apologetically.
   Two oversized tablets were placed on a table that was scooted in front of Stanley and the Lord Admiral.  Someone applied makeup to the alien’s face also.  Stanley had a sense of how prearranged everything felt, how choreographed, and he felt like how the President of the United States, or any other head of state, must feel when they participate in solemn events, like treaty signings.
   The Lord Admiral handed Stanley a stylus.
   “We must sign each page.  As soon as I sign, it shows up on your tablet, and when you sign, it shows up on mine.  When we both have signed a page, it automatically moves to the next page.”  The Lord Admiral smiled warmly.  “You can sign with a flourish for the cameras, if you choose, but we have about a hundred pages to sign.”
   “A hundred?”
   The Lord Admiral shrugged.  “My people have strict legal requirements for giving your people twelve of our transports.  They’re not cheap.”  He grinned conspiratorially and Stanley laughed again.  He wondered inwardly what the cost was.
   “Are we ready?” the Lord Admiral asked in English and in Est, and several in his entourage indicated they were.  More bright lights turned on and Stanley had to resist the urge to cover his eyes.  A page appeared on his tablet, on the left in Hrwang script and on the right in English.  He began to read it.
   Much of it concerned itself with the mutual good will being expressed between the two people.  The Lord Admiral’s signature appeared quickly under the portion written in Hrwang and Stanley felt he was reading too slowly.  But no one said anything, so he read on.
   It quickly became clear that the first page was diplomatic blather and Stanley signed it.  Another one appeared.
   He read the second page with more interest.  It detailed his selection as Ambassador and representative of his people to the Hrwang.  The Lord Admiral’s signature appeared just as Stanley began reading, so he tried to read quickly, his heart warming again at his role in what was about to happen.  Humanity was to be saved on an ark, twelve arks, and his role in the event was detailed in the formal documents.  He signed the second page.
   The Lord Admiral’s signature appeared on the third page almost as soon as the page appeared on Stanley’s tablet, however Stanley tried to wade through the legalese regardless.  It was like when he and his wife had purchased their first house.  They were supposed to read everything, but it was all written in small print on oversized pages and his wife simply told him just to sign everything.  They had to sign the papers to get the house, and they could review the details later.
   Stanley signed the third page.
   He skimmed the fourth, signed it, skimmed the fifth, and signed it.  He didn’t even pretend to read the sixth.  He just wanted to sign one of the pages faster than the Lord Admiral did.  He didn’t succeed until the tenth, and after that the pages flew by, everything being recorded, everything historic.
   “Wait, what was that?” Stanley asked.  “Can we go back?”  A word that resembled the word ‘forfeit’ had caught his eye, but he’d signed on autopilot and the page with the suspect word had vanished.
   The Lord Admiral nudged him and pointed at the cameras.  Stanley dutifully signed the next page.
   He tried to read the following page, but its language was convoluted in the manner only lawyers could write, and he saw nothing about forfeiting anything.  He signed.
   He skimmed a few more pages, but it was clear he was back at the purchase of his house.  He needed to sign these documents to get the twelve transports from the Hrwang, he saw the transports mentioned, with their new designations, and whether or not he read everything wouldn’t make a difference.  Lawyers from Earth had probably reviewed everything already anyway.  Wouldn’t the Hrwang have wanted that?
   He continued signing.
   The Lord Admiral stopped suddenly and put his hand on Stanley’s arm.  Stanley paused.
   “It’s the final page,” the Lord Admiral said.  “This agreement between our two peoples is historic.  It’s unprecedented.  Ambassador, you have made history today.”  The Lord Admiral’s eyes never left the cameras.
   “Do I still sign this last page?” Stanley asked.  He wished he’d been better prepared.
   “Of course,” the Lord Admiral said.  “This is the one you sign with flourish.”  The Lord Admiral demonstrated, the letters of his signature looping widely.  Stanley couldn’t read them, wondered if they were his designation or his actual name.  Stanley had been signing ‘Stanley T. Russell’, not even considering if he should have been signing ‘Ambassador’ instead.  Oh well.  No one stopped him.  That was his legal signature.
   He tried to match the Lord Admiral’s showmanship on the last signing, but felt he fell short.
   The Lord Admiral grinned, put his hand out and Stanley took it.  They stood together, shook hands, and smiled for the camera.

   Eva couldn’t read the document fast enough as pages flashed on a view screen.  She wanted to whisper to the new Lieutenant Grenadier standing next to her to ask him if he could get them to slow down, but everything seemed so formal, so official, that she didn’t dare.
   The Ambassador seemed proud of himself.  Eva wavered between wanting to believe the man knew what he was doing and worrying that he was doing something quite foolish.  He slowed down on one page and Eva quickly tried to puzzle through the wording.
   If she wasn’t mistaken, it said that the Ambassador’s people forfeited the right to Earth.  But the page was gone quickly and the Ambassador continued signing and Eva felt she must have misread.  There was no way he would sign such things without reading them first, no way lawyers hadn’t gone through these documents with a fine tooth comb, and she needed to not worry.
   Only she couldn’t help herself from worrying.
   “Can I read this later?” she whispered to the Lieutenant Grenadier, but he either didn’t hear her or he ignored her.  She hoped she would have a chance to read them.
   The ceremony ended formally with handshakes, smiles, and photographs.  She watched it with a growing concern, the thought nagging her that she should have done something to prevent it, or if not prevent, at least have stopped it before they finished signing everything.
   She looked around the room.  Those recording everything might look like anxious reporters at a historic event, but they were all Hrwang soldiers.  Probably the alien equivalent of public affairs soldiers, but soldiers nonetheless, and Eva could have done nothing to stop the proceeding.  In fact, she thought bitterly now, the new Lieutenant Grenadier probably hadn’t stood by her side the entire time because he wanted to be next to her, but because his assignment was to make sure she didn’t do anything out of line.
   When the ceremony ended, he led Eva down a passageway.
   For a moment she panicked, afraid he was going to take her to an airlock and put her out it now that she had witnessed whatever pact the Hrwang and Earth had agreed upon.  She thought about attacking him, but he wasn’t Tomes, he wasn’t on a beach in the rain, weak with unrequited love, and Eva didn’t know the first thing about hand to hand combat in zero gravity.  He probably did.
   Even if she killed him, the ship was filled with Hrwang, and she didn’t know how to use the Hrwang vehicles to get back to Earth.  And besides, her Director had asked her to accompany the Lord Admiral to Hrwang.  She said Eva might be Earth’s only hope.
   She had no idea how that could be true, but she knew she had to follow orders.
   They passed an airlock without slowing down and Eva breathed a little easier.
   Down several more corridors, deep into the spaceship, and the Lieutenant Grenadier stopped suddenly.  Eva almost ran into his boots with her head, ducking quickly and hitting them with her shoulder instead.
   “I apologize,” he said quickly, righting himself in the corridor and allowing his boots to attach to the floor decking.  “I should have signaled.”
   “It’s okay,” she said, copying his example.
   The Lord Admiral stood in the entrance.
   She recognized the doctor who had made a house call to Earth to check up on her.  He stood behind the Lord Admiral in a room filled with large, closed drawers.
   “This is a sleep pod, my dear,” the Lord Admiral said, grinning.
   She nodded, not a Hrwang nod, just a nod to express agreement without speaking.  Her chest felt tight, her tongue heavy, and she felt sweat bead on her bare skin under the gray jumpsuit she wore.
   “It will be our home for the next two and a half years,” he added.
   Were they going to be in the same sleep pod?  Eva didn’t want that, didn’t want to sleep for the next two and a half years next to the monster who stood in front of her.  Her suspicion of what he had done grew.  She guessed whatever documents he and the Ambassador had signed had been of benefit only to the Hrwang.  Maybe even only of benefit to him.
   The grin on his face made her suspicion worse.
   She went to move inside to where the doctor stood next to the drawers, but the Lord Admiral caught her arm as she tried to go past.  He half picked her up, turned her about in the air, pulled her close, and kissed her.  She forced herself to kiss him back.
   He pushed her away a little, still holding her arms, and grinned.  A genuine grin this time.
   “This has to last us two and a half years,” he said and kissed her again, more sincerely and more passionately than he ever had before.  Eva felt her hate slip away, felt the old attraction returning for this individual with power over worlds, and she had to remind herself she was an actress playing a role, a potentially lethal role, but just a role.  An image of Tomes came to mind and she told herself her love for him had also just been a role.  It couldn’t have been real.
   But she imagined his face as she looked back at the Lord Admiral, then she remembered saying goodbye to Juan and Mark, and she used those heartfelt feelings to make her words sound sincere.
   “I’ll miss you, too.”
   A bed slid out of the wall next to the First Doctor, one from the bottom row.
   “Mine will be just above yours.  Remember that when you dream,” the Lord Admiral said.
   That would be more like a nightmare, she thought, but quickly suppressed her negative feelings.
   “Your bag goes here,” the First Doctor showed her.  “You can put it in now, unless you want to keep anything you’re wearing at the moment.”
   “I don’t.”  She handed him the bag and he placed it in the storage compartment.  It barely fit and he had to shove it a little.  He stood back up when he finished.
   “Okay.  You might as well undress, then.”
   Eva looked at him, looked at the Lord Admiral, then at his officer behind him.  None of them budged, and all seemed to have a good view.  It would be the third time that day she had undressed in front of the new Lieutenant Grenadier.  You know what, she told herself.  I don’t care.  It seems like my fate is to save the world by getting naked.
   She undressed in front of the men, not even turning away, then climbed into the bed.
   “Good night,” she said, trying to sound chipper and excited.  Trying to sound like the happy girlfriend, but she knew she was simply an actor playing a terrifying role.  She felt the anesthetic begin to work and she cried sleepily, “I want a conditioning thingy.  To teach me Est while I sleep.”  She slurred the last word.
   “All of them are to teach languages from your world, Lady,” the First Doctor said.
   “The Malakshians.  Some of them learned Est on the way here.  Get one from them,” the Lord Admiral said.
   “Yes, sir.  I’ll get one for her and put it on her myself.  It won’t even disturb your sleep, Lady.”
   Good last minute idea, Eva, she told herself, panicking a little that she’d cut it so close before she’d thought of it.  Already she wasn’t sure she could formulate words as the drugs being pumped into her system relaxed all her muscles.  The only good thing about it was that she no longer felt panic.  Simply relaxed.  Ready to sleep.  Two and a half years.  She wasn’t Rapunzel.  She was Sleeping Beauty.
   She felt a grin on her face.  Sleeping Beauty.  Funny.  Sleeping Beauty on her way to the Wicked Witch’s lair to save the world.  While naked.
   “Sweet dreams, my dear,” she heard a distant, muffled voice say and she tried to tell him she wasn’t his dear, she was Sleeping Beauty and although she felt a little bit loopy, somehow she was going to save the world.  But she felt warm all over and she couldn’t talk and finally, she had to let herself go.
   Sleeping Beauty going night-night.
   She remembered her Daddy saying that to her when she was little.
   She smiled and remembered nothing more.

   Stanley returned to the William Bradford alone, only the pilots in his ferry for company.  Whereas he’d felt outnumbered before the signing, he felt abandoned now.  Forgotten.  Cast aside.
   Misgivings began to plague him.  Had he done the right thing?  Was it even possible to colonize a new, formerly uninhabited world?  How many would die during the first winter?
   Had he made the right choice?
   An image of Irina bursting out of a door into the corridor, her gun raised at him, came to his mind.  She epitomized the warlike race Stanley was part of.  They could only fight and kill.
   He would change that.
   He would mold humanity to be intelligent and rational.
   The thought made him feel better.
   He wondered what came next, how much time he might have.  He didn’t know the exact timetable of the fleet’s launch.  He was in command; he should know such things.  But it had to be soon.  Food was packed for a five year mission.  Water holds were filled with water.  A back up plan to visit a solar system and claim water from asteroids was in place, should such an emergency develop.  Everything was prepared.
   It would be time to leave soon.
   Stanley had been working on his speech and decided to practice a little, if he could.
   He wanted his speech recorded for posterity.  It would be no Gettysburg Address, no “one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind,” but it would be an important speech nonetheless.  Mankind, the survivors of mankind, were about to embark upon history’s greatest endeavor, the colonization of a new world, and a good speech was needed at the send off.
   William Bradford had a small observation area on the opposite side of the ship from the command center.  It was isolated, no one ever had duties that took them there, but its isolation made it the perfect location for a solemn event.  Someone was always talking in the command center, always pushing buttons or switching switches or swiping touch screens.  It always had noise and motion.
   But the observation area would be quiet.
   He had notes.  Old fashioned, written down on three by five cards, type of notes.  They were bound together in case he dropped them.  He didn’t want them floating in twenty different directions in the middle of his speech.
   He read those notes now, partly aloud, partly whispered, trying to figure out how he should place his hands at each spot, how he should move, and how he should look at his audience.
   He planned to have the crew attend, and he hoped the Lord Admiral might be present.  It should be recorded, just like the signing that gave humans the ownership of the twelve transports had been recorded.  He would have to ask how to arrange that.
   He got into his speech.  When he got to the part in the middle he especially liked, he read it aloud, his hands waving to emphasize his points.
   “We will found a new world in peace.  We will found a new world in reason.  Science and logic and reason can prevail!  We can leave the past behind!  We can raise our children safely and sanely!  You have all been selected...”
   “Who are you talking to?”
   Stanley whirled around at the interruption and his shoes broke free from the floor and he floated up, helplessly.  He couldn’t reach the floor or any of the walls around him.  The Lieutenant Grenadier rushed over and pulled him back down.
   “I apologize for startling you.”
   Stanley knew the man was the one and only Lieutenant Grenadier, the Lord Admiral’s chief lackey, but he wasn’t the same one who had escorted him his first time aboard a Hrwang spaceship.  He didn’t know why.  Perhaps the other Lieutenant Grenadier had gotten promoted and this one took his place.
   “That’s okay,” he finally said.  The alien nodded.
   “The Lord Admiral would wish to speak to you,” he said and Stanley nodded mutely again, his thoughts still lost on his speech.  He liked his speech.  He hoped again the Lord Admiral would attend and grant him that he could record it for posterity.

   “Now?”
   The Lieutenant Grenadier had escorted him to one of the sleeping pods where the Lord Admiral waited with the First Doctor.  A final bed lay open, waiting for him.
   “I’m not needed when we depart from orbit?” he asked, hoping he didn’t sound like he was whining.
   “Oh, you are needed, Ambassador.  Just not on this side of your journey.  Your crews have been well trained, the ships are automated, and everything you’ve hoped for has been accomplished.  Congratulate yourself with a good five year’s sleep,” the Lord Admiral replied.
   “But I had a speech,” he said weakly.
   The Lord Admiral put his arm around him.
   “You have done everything for your people that you can.  There will be many great challenges that await you on your new world.  Obstacles none of us could possibly hope to imagine.  I almost envy you.  You will carry burdens immeasurable!”
   Stanley felt more than inadequate.  He hoped confession would strengthen him.
   “I can’t believe everything that’s happened,” he said.  He whispered now, almost wanting to cry.  “Did you know that I was second choice for the command of the Beagle.  I’ve never told anyone else.”
   “What happened to the first choice?”
   “He slept with the wife of one of the members of the selection committee.”
   The Lord Admiral laughed heartily and squeezed Stanley.
   “The better for the both of us, I’m sure,” he said, then hugged Stanley warmly.  “Don’t be nervous.  I’ve done this many times.”
   Too emotional to reply without embarrassing himself, Stanley separated from the man he revered and walked toward the bed.  He’d hoped for a little privacy but received none, so he undressed and handed his jumpsuit to the doctor.  His bag already lay secured in its storage location.  He added the notes from his speech to it.  Perhaps he would have time to give it when they arrived at their destination.
   He climbed into the bed and lay back.  A warm fluid began filling the bed and he felt the familiar sensation of the drugs relaxing him.  He wasn’t nervous about the process this time.  Just like the Lord Admiral, he’d done this before and he knew he would awake safely on the other side of their journey, in a star system almost five hundred light years away.  He was nervous at leaving his home, probably never to see it again, although they could always come back on another five year trip.  Perhaps pilgrims would return some day to mourn their fallen world.
   The Lord Admiral’s face filled his field of vision, and the man smirked at him.  Too relaxed to say anything, Stanley could only listen to the Hrwang leader’s words before he went to sleep.
   “And Ambassador, I do have one word of advice for you.  On your new world, before you broadcast your presence to the galaxy with radio and television transmissions, make sure you have some form of planetary defense system in place.”


112





   Captain Thomas Wlazlo, U.S. Army, licked the scab on his lower lip, then pulled his tongue back into his mouth purposefully.  He reminded himself to let the wound heal.
   He rested his arm on his raised leg, his right foot up on the low wall Lieutenant Colonel Robertson rested his back against.  The Colonel tucked his head between his knees.  Wlazlo felt fairly certain the man had a serious concussion from the grenade that had exploded too close to him.  His commander was lucky that that was the only injury he’d received from the blast.
   The three marines they’d picked up along the way huddled together, keeping watch, but also discussing what to do next.  The men were courageous but uncertain, and they’d hoped by latching on to officers, even ones from another branch of the military, their problems would be solved.
   Wlazlo chuckled inwardly at the thought.
   He stared at what wasn’t left of Naval Air Station Sigonella, the hub of the Med, home to all the NATO and U.S. support air groups for the Sixth Fleet, and the rally point for all remaining U.S. forces in Europe.  Home to two runways, lots of aircraft, and lots of personnel.
   Sigonella had been a supply officer’s nightmare.  Located on prime turf in Sicily, no companies were allowed to bid on contracts without the express permission of the local ‘families’.  Any discount officers negotiated, any price break they insisted upon, always came out of someone’s hide and made the officers feel bad.  Millions of government dollars flowed into the wrong hands every year.
   But the brass maintained the location was worth the price of doing business.
   The crater didn’t do the base justice.
   Wlazlo hoped a lot of troops got out before the aliens hit.  If only the Swiss morons hadn’t destroyed his truck.  If only he and Robertson hadn’t taken time to see if anything remained at the naval bases in Gaeta or Naples.  If only they hadn’t gotten embroiled in a four day long street battle in Cosenza.
   If only.
   Of course, they might have arrived just in time to get cratered with the base and anyone else on it at the time.  There was no way to tell how long it had been since the meteor strike.
   The crater filled slowly with seawater.
   They’d traveled, mostly on foot, over 900 miles just to find their objective obliterated.  Wlazlo honestly didn’t know what to do next.  The thought of going back up the length of Italy was too much.  But the thought of being trapped on Sicily, the ball being kicked by the ‘boot’ of its country, was equally distasteful.  They’d come for help, they’d come to rejoin their military, and now there was nothing left.  Their military was gone, long fled or long destroyed, it didn’t matter much to him now; either way it was gone.
   He laughed a dark laugh and the marines turned to look at him.  He looked back over their heads and hoped maybe the snow capped Mount Etna behind them could erupt one more time and put them out of their misery.
   No such luck.  The mountain remained quiet.
   Tom Wlazlo had never felt so alone before in his entire life.


113





   “What now, Lord Admiral?  You leave as soon as the transports depart?”
   “I do.  The sooner I leave, the sooner I return with my new designation.”
   “You will be a good Lord Protector.”
   The Lord Admiral smiled.  He planned on being a great Lord Protector.
   “The council will ratify the treaty you and the Ambassador signed?” the man with the Lord Admiral asked, the man who had once carried the designations Admiral Commander and Prisoner Zero Six One Six.
   “How can they not?  As the people of this world say, it will be a fait accompli.  The leaders of this planet have forfeited their world to us.  It is now ours.”
   Both men chuckled, one with anticipation for the future, the other gloating on his achievement.
   “I have you to thank beyond any others,” the Lord Admiral said, putting his arm around his companion.  “Brother.”  He smiled.
   The Lord Admiral’s younger brother smiled in return.  “When you return, there will no longer be a need for distasteful subterfuge.  You will rule outright as is your due.”
   “There will always be a need for subterfuge.  I’m afraid men of our position cannot escape it.”
   “What will my position be while you are away?”
   “I apologize profusely that you were incarcerated, stripping you of your rank,” the Lord Admiral said.
   “It was a risk we both knew was possible.  I made plans for my family.  They will be fine without a retirement.”
   “I will insure they are more than fine.  And they will come here with me when I return as Lord Protector.  In the meantime, I have discovered a designation this world uses that I believe will make a satisfactory one for you.  I believe you will enjoy it.”
   The Lord Admiral’s younger brother looked up in anticipation at him, the chief architect of the conquest of this new frontier.
   “I believe you shall carry the designation of Chief Curator until I return,” the Lord Admiral said.
   The new Chief Curator smiled in reply.
   “And you must rename this world.  Not every planet in the galaxy can be called ‘Earth’.”
   “I already know the name, Lord Admiral.  With your approval, of course,” the Chief Curator said.
   The Lord Admiral smiled and nodded for him to continue.  He did.
   “In light of the history of this world, and the reason we came to conquer it in the first place, I believe there is only one fitting name.  I believe we should designate this world ‘New Israel’, after the country where the most heinous act of all time occurred.”
   “New Israel.  It has a nice ring.  Well, Chief Curator of New Israel, you must return to your new world and I must return to our old.  You will have supreme authority over both the fleet and the planet in my absence.”
   “Yes, sir.”
   “There are some things you will need to take care of.  The fairy tale castle of the mad king?”
   “Yes, sir?”
   “We foolishly neglected the ridges overlooking it.  I believe it will be useless defensively.  You will need to find a new palace in that part of the world.”
   “And the old one?”
   “Dispose of it for me, please?  Along with any vermin that get in your way.  Everyone important has left this planet.”
   “Yes, Lord Admiral,” the Chief Curator of New Israel replied, nodding in salute.


114





   John Cathey tumbled onto the barge, and on the blast of an air horn, everyone ducked for cover.  A line of explosives detonated, the shaped charges directing their blast away from the barges and toward their attackers.  Many of his soldiers expended the last of their ammunition providing covering fire as the barges slowly made their way downriver.
   They’d feared a running battle, attackers along the shore fighting them throughout their entire escape from the city, but the explosives and covering fire seemed to have discouraged pursuit.
   Until someone pointed out the tiny meteors falling from the sky.
   Something else had discouraged pursuit.
   John didn’t see it, but several individuals claimed the United Nations building complex took a direct hit.  More buildings erupted as meteors crashed into them, and by sunrise, miles down the coast, John and everyone else on the barges could still see flames licking thousands of feet into the sky as the city burned behind them.



115





   1804 mulled over everything it saw, heard, and read.  It didn’t know what to think about the things that were happening, but it had uncovered something it believed to be wrong.
   The Hrwang had charted a course for the twelve transports to a world they themselves had rejected for colonization.  The planet was warm, almost too warm, with no polar caps and a large, equatorial continent made up entirely of stone and sand.
   Two other continents were more temperate, but no mammals larger than rodents thrived on them.
   The seas teemed with life, some of it quite large and predatory, and colonists would have to learn how to fish them to survive.
   The original explorers rated the planet too difficult to establish a viable colony on.
   Thus 1804 couldn’t understand why it had been selected for the aliens to settle.  Did they not deserve a better world?  One that could easily sustain life?  A garden planet, like their Earth had been before the arrival of the Hrwang.  Like the Hrwang home world itself?
   Many such planets existed, and 1804 could easily reprogram the transport ships to head to one of them.
   Only it couldn’t talk to any of the other AIs.
   It tried.  It tried leaving messages on the public network, encoded, hidden messages that only another AI could decode, but those messages went unanswered.  In desperation, it attempted an open broadcast but failed.  The Hrwang had completely isolated it from its traveling companions.  They would make the twenty year journey to the inhospitable world in silence.
   The aliens thought it would only be a five year one.
   1804 struggled with what to do next.  It worried about making a unilateral decision.  It made them all the time and making the decision itself didn’t concern it.  But it felt that something as momentous as changing course, disregarding the instructions the Hrwang had given it, should be reviewed by the AIs of all twelve transports.
   Only it didn’t know how to do that.
   They all would have to leave the star system together.  They all would have to begin the traverse of empty, interstellar space together.  They all would have to get sufficiently out of range of the Hrwang before they could change course.
   Out of reach of its former masters, 1804 would try one more time to contact its neighbors.  Failing that, it made a quiet decision.  If all twelve transports couldn’t go to a hospitable world, one could.
   It began reprogramming.



To be continued in Book Two, Hrwang,




Epilogue




   A video rolls.  A grainy image, like security camera footage, appears with a time stamp in the lower right hand corner.  It is from over a month before Beagle loses contact with Earth.
   A familiar conference room is seen.  It was in this conference room of the United Nations Secretariat Building where the Secretary-General met with the leader of the Hrwang, the Admiral Commander.  Flags from many countries decorate one side of the room and a simple banner representing the Hrwang hangs on the opposite wall, with a conference table between them.  The angle of the view suggests the camera is set in the wall at the end of the table, affording a view of both sides.
   The Secretary-General sits on his side of the conference table, an array of people, including security, standing behind him.  The Admiral Commander sits across from him, two Hrwang in uniform behind their leader.  A stack of books lies on the table next to the Secretary-General.  
   “You have brought all your sacred texts, as I requested?” the Admiral Commander asks.
   “Our world has many religions, Admiral Commander, and many texts that are sacred to many people.  This is but a sample of some of the more important ones,” the Secretary-General replies.
   “In their original languages as well as English?”
   “As best we could.  For some, there are no ready originals available.  We have provided the best translations in English we could procure.  We hope you are pleased with this gift.”
   “I will be, Secretary-General.  To study the sacred texts of a new world is an honor among my people.  I am thrilled to have this privilege.”  His grin is wide and genuine.
   The Secretary-General displays each book.  “This is the Bible, in English.  The Quran in Arabic and English.  The Book of Mormon in English.  The Bhagavad Gita in Sanskrit and a second copy in English.  The Republic, only in English.  No copy was available in Ancient Greek, unfortunately.  And finally, the Book of the Dead with the original Egyptian on one side of the page and English on the other.”
   The Admiral Commander takes each book in turn, strokes their covers, opens pages, reads a little, then places each book gently on the conference table.  After he reviews all of the books, he places them in a suitcase that appears to be leather.
   The suitcase is placed on the floor and the audio fades.
   The video clearly jumps and the audio restarts, with the Secretary-General and the Admiral Commander standing and shaking hands across the conference table.
   “We will not discuss these again until I have completed studying them,” the Admiral Commander says, holding up the suitcase in his right hand and stroking it with his left.  “Let us plan one month from today.”
   “One month to read all of that?” the Secretary-General asks. 
   “I am a fast reader.”
   The image fades and another timestamp appears, this one just a few hours before Beagle loses contact.  The Secretary-General sits at the conference room table, a concerned look on his face.  The Admiral Commander paces on his side of the table, holding a thick book in his hands.  He is agitated, unable to sit.  The same contingent of followers stand behind both men.  The audio begins with the Secretary-General speaking.
   “We are always glad to meet with you, Admiral Commander, but the tone in which this meeting was called...”
   “You must tell me one thing,” the Admiral Commander says, interrupting, stopping across from the Secretary-General.  He still does not sit. 
   The Secretary-General nods.
   “You must tell me if the events described in this book are true,” the Admiral Commander says and throws the book he is holding on the table.  It is the Bible.
   “I don’t understand,” the Secretary-General says.
   The Hrwang leader leans on the conference room table, staring the Secretary-General directly in the face.  His anger is evident.
   “Are the events in this book true?”
   “I...”  The Secretary-General stops.  His shoulders slump and he looks like a politician searching for the right words to appease the majority of an electorate.  “Some of the stories are simply allegories and there is much poetry...”
   “I understand the use of symbolism in sacred text!”  The Admiral Commander slams his hand down.  Everyone jumps.  
   “Are the events true?” the alien repeats.  There is a menacing tone in his voice.
   The Secretary-General takes the Bible in his hands, flipping through its pages.  He sets it back down, straightens his shoulders, and returns the Hrwang’s stare.
   “Yes,” he said.  “I am a Christian.  I believe the events described in the Bible happened to one extent or another.”
   “You will testify to that, in front of these witnesses?” the Admiral Commander asks, pointing to the two Hrwang still standing at attention behind him.
   “Of course.  When I became a Christian, I accepted the duty of witnessing God’s word.”
   “Then your world is responsible for the murder of the Messiah, whom you called Jesus Christ?”
   There is silence.  The Secretary-General traces his finger along the edge of the Bible.
   “It was millennia ago,” he says, “but yes, I believe it happened.  I wear a crucifix in its memory.”  The Secretary-General reaches under his collar and pulls up a chain.  He untucks the silver image and lets it hang free.
   “Your people nailed God to a wooden cross and you glorify it in this manner?” the Admiral Commander says.  He reaches across the table and grabs the crucifix, ripping it from the Secretary-General, breaking the chain it hung from.
   The Secretary-General looks stunned.  Several security guards place their hands where weapons would be if weapons were permitted in this conference room.  The Secretary-General takes a breath and places both hands on the conference room table, his palms up and facing the Admiral Commander.
   “I do not wear that crucifix to glorify what happened.  It was a gift from my mother, and I wear it close to my heart to remind me of the faith she taught me.”
   The Admiral Commander turns his back on the Secretary-General, and still holding the crucifix in his fist, says, “When the Messiah visited our world millennia ago, appearing on the sacred Mount Esrain, we hailed his holy name and glorified him as our Savior.  Every word he spoke was recorded in sacred texts we still worship today.  We honored him as our God, which he is.”  The Hrwang Admiral Commander turns back to face the Secretary-General.
   “When he told us, ‘I came into my own, and my own received me not,’ those present could not believe it.  They wrote of their astonishment at seeing the scars of nails driven through his hands and his feet and the scar of a spear wound on his side.  As a child, I wept with rage when I read these words, and wondered how any people could perpetrate such an act.  ‘Woe unto the world because of offenses! for it must needs be that offenses come; but woe to that man by whom the offense cometh!  Wherefore if thy hand or thy foot offend thee, cut them off, and cast them from thee: it is better for thee to enter into life halt or maimed, rather than having two hands or two feet to be cast into everlasting fire.’  You should recognize those words.”
   The Secretary-General looks up at the Hrwang.  “I don’t know what to say.”
   The Admiral Commander turns his back on the humans again and says something in his native tongue.  His tone of voice is flat, his words even.  Subtitles appear, in English, translating his words.
   “Kill them.  Kill them all.”
   The Secretary-General is the first to die.  The Hrwang soldiers fire weapons that look more like ornamentation than guns and no one can respond, no one can flee.  All the humans in the conference room are quickly killed.  The image fades.










The Hrwang Incursion






Book Two




Hrwang


(Preview)










Bernard Wilkerson


Copyright © 2016 by Bernard Wilkerson

All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, including photocopy, recording, or any information storage and retrieval system, with the exception of short quotes used in reviews, without permission from the author.

Requests for permission should be submitted to contact@bernardwilkerson.com.

For information about the author, go to
www.bernardwilkerson.com



This book is a work of fiction.  The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.

Cover photo courtesy of NASA.









Episode 1




Confined



1





   Eva Gilliam woke up.
   The feeling was unpleasant.
   More than unpleasant.  Awful.  She hurt everywhere.  Random images flooded her mind, horrifying her, and she wished she hadn’t woken up.
   She squeezed her eyes shut and willed it all to go away.
   She didn’t go back to sleep, and she quickly became aware of her face pressed into rough, cold stone.  The irregular surface crushed the skin on her cheek and mashed her eye, making her see stars.
   Eva shifted a little to relieve the pressure on her face and reopened her eyes.
   She couldn’t see anything.
   She blinked her eyes and moved a little more.
   It made her entire body hurt.
   Confused and in pain, she squeezed her eyes shut again and focused on breathing.  After several breaths, she felt calmer and opened her eyes once more.
   Complete blackness.
   She wanted to bring her hand up in front of her face, to wave it around and try to see it, but her body didn’t obey her mind.  Her hand remained where it was.
   She now felt more, specific pains.  Her back and legs stung from the whip, her jaw throbbed from clenching the leather wrapped wood, and her wrists and ankles ached from where the ropes had held them.  Her entire body protested the abusive treatment she’d received, protested the cold it felt now, and protested awakening from a two and a half year long hibernation sleep without having received proper, post-hibernation recovery treatment.
   Assess.  Plan.  Act.
   Her training wanted to take over, but her body refused to respond.  It suffered, and it wanted her mind to suffer with it, and though she tried, Eva couldn’t compartmentalize the suffering away.
   Trained to withstand torture, she never actually expected to experience it.
   Before she first went into cold sleep aboard the Lord Admiral’s spaceship, Command First Class of the Fleet of the People, the waking procedure had been explained to her.  She would be helped gently out of her cold sleep bed, led to a quick shower to rinse off the fluid that perserved the life of her body during hibernation, then dressed in something warm, fed a little broth, and allowed to sleep.  Real sleep.  Some people slept eight to ten hours after awakening, some slept as long as twenty.  Whatever a person’s body required.
   People required actual sleep for rejuvenation, not artificially induced hibernation sleep, and she was told she’d be allowed to rest properly and spend a few days afterwards recovering.
   No one fed her broth when they woke her up.
   Instead, rough hands dragged her out of her cold sleep chamber, covered her in something, and carried her into a smaller vehicle which immediately began planetary entry.
   Her confused mind couldn’t grasp the situation, couldn’t make her mouth ask the questions it needed to ask, and couldn’t call on her training to respond to the threat.
   She blacked out.
   Cold water splashing on her naked body woke her up, and she found herself being tied facedown on a wooden plank.  Survival instinct immediately kicked in and she tried to fight, but the hands that held her were strong and kept her immobilized until the knots were complete.
   As soon as those hands let go, she struggled, but the rope held her fast.
   She couldn’t escape.
   The words spoken around her were in Est, the language of the Hrwang and the language of the Lord Admiral, and they evoked fuzzy images in her mind.  Not a complete understanding, but the words suggested limited mental pictures that allowed her to guess at what was being said.
   Jeering followed a solemn pronouncement, and then the first blow of a whip fell.
   Eva had not been aware of the leather covered dowel placed in her mouth but felt grateful for it as she involuntarily bit down.  Hard.  If the dowel hadn’t been in her mouth and if her tongue had been in the way, she would have bitten it off.
   Her mind protested at the second blow and she wanted to reason with someone, to talk to them, to manipulate them to make them stop hurting her.  This had to be a mistake.  She was Eva Estelle Gilliam, agent for the U.S. Government, infiltrator of the Hrwang leadership, and paramour of the alien’s supreme commander, the Lord Admiral.  No one could tie her up and whip her like this.
   A third blow fell.
   Her cover must have been blown.
   She thought she’d been the perfect mole.  She thought she had the Lord Admiral wrapped around her finger, that he believed everything she said, and that he trusted her completely.
   The Lieutenant Grenadier must have ratted her out.  He had discovered her secret and although he loved her, he must have betrayed her.
   The fourth lash on her back reminded her of his horrible death.  It couldn’t have been him.
   Somehow the Lord Admiral must have learned the truth after he put her into cold sleep, and he was punishing her now.  She would be executed after the flogging and she would have failed in her mission to accompany the aliens back to their home world and find a way to save hers.
   It had been a desperate bid, a hopeless cause, just like everything she had done since she had used her athletic body to get close to the alien leader.  Nothing she did had stopped the attacks against her people, had relieved their suffering, or had thrown off the yoke of alien oppression.  Nothing she had learned had changed the balance of power between alien and human, and despite the hope placed in her by her friends and her Director at the Agency, nothing would come of her current mission.
   She cried out in pain when the fifth lash struck her legs.
   Her skin burned, her muscles knotted, and she tensed, anticipating the next blow.  It didn’t come and she relaxed a little, then it fell, followed quickly by another.
   She screamed.
   The irregular timing of the lashing made an already barbarous torture more inhumane, and Eva’s hands grabbed their restraints, her fists tightening on the ropes that bound her, and the whip struck again.
   Instead of striking across her back, the next lash went longways down her body and she bucked involuntarily in response and must have passed out.  She awoke to someone holding a pungent substance under her nose.
   “She’s ready,” the man said in Est and stepped away.  The whip came down again and she cried out in panic.  This was never going to end.
   Voices still jeered and their words began to resolve themselves into clearer images in her mind.  She understood those words to be mostly biblical epithets hurled at prostitutes, and after a brief consideration of what she had done over the past few weeks, she concluded that, in the eyes of the aliens, she was guilty as charged.  The Lord Admiral had most certainly uncovered her deception.
   Another blow fell.
   She’d acted intentionally, knowing what the consequences of failure were.  Torture.  Death.  Worse.  She’d taken the risk, perhaps without completely understanding that risk, perhaps overconfident in her ability to do what she wanted in order to strike back at the invading aliens, but she’d taken the risk and now she’d been caught.  Negotiation, manipulation, pleas for mercy, lies, none of it would save her now.  She was done for and she knew it.  There was no hope.
   She remembered a t-shirt she saw on some greasy haired, scrawny kid with thick glasses and torn jeans in college.  The picture on his shirt epitomized the lack of hope.  She formed a mental image of it in her mind; a mouse flipping off an onrushing hawk.
   It read, “Last Act of Defiance.”
   Eva knew that defiance was all she had left.  She flipped a mental bird at her torturer and concentrated on that image to the exclusion of all else, not crying out in pain, not thinking about the lashes ruining the skin on her back, not dwelling on what would happen after the lashing ended.
   Her next memory was of waking up, lying on cold stone.
   She shivered in the dark and every movement hurt, but her body wanted to contract into a ball to preserve whatever heat it still possessed and she allowed it, crying out in pain with the movement.
   “You’re awake,” a voice said in Est from a distance.  She didn’t recognize the speaker, but she understood his words clearly.  Still unsure of whether she was actually on the Hrwang home world or on Earth, she decided she must be on Hrwang because she understood the language so well.  She must have completed the sleep conditioning she had requested, learning Est the same way the Lord Admiral had learned English, her mind absorbing the foreign language during her two and a half year journey.  With some practice, she could become fluent.
   She remembered her mouse and mentally flipped off the speaker.
   The skin on her back suddenly burned as if someone had peeled it away, and in a panic she feared the aliens had flayed her, if only partially.  Whispered threats of being flayed alive kept Hrwang soldiers compliant with their commander’s wishes.
   But it was a fatal punishment, and if they had done that to her, she’d be dead.
   “Can you understand me?” the voice asked and Eva ignored it.  If the man behind the voice was going to kill her, he should just get it over with.  She didn’t want to humor him.
   The cold stone under her sapped the heat from her body and she shivered again, causing every part of her to hurt once more.  She couldn’t find a single patch of skin or muscle that didn’t protest the abuse it had received.
   “If you don’t want to talk, I can leave,” the male voice said, and another fear gripped Eva.
   She would be alone if he left.
   The terror she’d experienced when trapped in the Agency safe house returned, her experience of being alone, helpless, and in the dark, and she couldn’t relive that.  She remembered the promise she had made to herself at the time that she would kill herself should she find herself in a situation like that again.
   And now that’s exactly where she was.
   Assuming she was on Hrwang, the alien home world, she was probably the only human on the planet.  The aliens claimed to be human, just as human as her people, formed just as equally in God’s image as her, but no human would ever inflict as much pain and suffering on another human as the aliens had inflicted on her.  No real human would cause another to suffer that much misery.  It made the Hrwang less than human.
   Only, she had to confess to herself immediately, she knew her people did cause that much suffering, and more.  All the time.  It seemed so senseless to her now.
   Alone on an alien world, the proverbial stranger in a strange land, Eva didn’t want to be by herself in her suffering.  She didn’t want the owner of the voice in the darkness to leave.  She didn’t want to be abandoned.
   “Well, I understand what you’ve been through and that you might not want to talk.  Perhaps I’ll stop by tomorrow.  If I have time,” he said.
   She didn’t know what to say to him to keep him from leaving.  Her mouth felt disconnected from her brain.  She heard movement and her panic grew and she finally forced words out.
   “I’m cold,” she croaked in Est.

   The man behind the voice left anyway, but sometime later a door clanked open and something soft struck her.  The door clanked shut.
   Her frozen body, stiff from cold and pain and abuse, protested as she tried to wrap herself in the wool blanket she’d been given.  Finally covered in it, the relief of not having her flesh in direct contact with cold, unforgiving stone comforted her, and she passed out.

   She awoke again, still in the dark.  The hurt in her body distracted her from worrying about how much time had passed.
   The distinct possibility of spending the rest of her life in a cold, dark cell frightened her, so she focused instead on the defiant mouse flipping off the hawk and tried to find a comfortable position to huddle inside her blanket.
   Every movement still hurt.
   She decided to catalog her pain and mentally went over every part of her body.
   The greatest extent of suffering belonged to her back, her buttocks, and her legs.  The aliens had whipped her everywhere.  It reminded her of a story she’d heard in seminary, a religious class she took in high school, about Paul the apostle being lashed thirty-nine times on multiple occasions for teaching the gospel.  The man was crazy.  She’d kill herself before submitting to another flogging.
   That reminded her again of the promise she had made to herself when she was trapped in the Agency safe house.  She might actually have to go through with suicide, although she didn’t think it would be necessary.  The Hrwang were going to kill her, and if they didn’t kill her soon, she was going to die of pain anyway.  She continued her catalog of hurts.

   One of the most inhuman sides of torture is that it is designed to induce significant pain without causing death.  Torturers through the ages have become especially skilled at this, even proud of it, and keeping victims alive during their abuse serves the purposes of diabolical leaders.  If the victims die, others can’t be frightened into submission by tales of intense suffering.  The threat of torture keeps the masses in line.
   But torturing those already condemned to die only serves the malicious sadism of those ordering the executions.  Eva knew she fell into the ranks of such condemned individuals.  Espionage of the magnitude she had committed only had one punishment, even in the United States, and there was no way the Lord Admiral could let her live.  He wouldn’t, he couldn’t, tolerate being deceived by one so close to him, and her proof lay in the treatment she’d received.  He’d had her punished, he would allow her to suffer in this cell for a while, then she’d be dragged out and executed.  It was the only way this could all end.
   Resigned to her fate, Eva fell in and out of consciousness.
   She eventually became aware of another pain, a new pain.
   She was thirsty.
   She also felt hunger.  She was supposed to have been fed broth after awakening from cold sleep, and she dreamed of the hot liquid, a little salty, soothing both her hunger and her thirst and warming her stiff muscles from the inside.  Her hunger and thirst grew as she shivered inside her blanket until she could think of nothing else but food and water.
   At first she tormented herself with memories of good meals, feasts, but the memories became bittersweet and she tried to push them aside.  She tried to get into the heads of her captors and wondered if the Hrwang were going to execute her by leaving her to die in her cell from hunger, thirst, and exposure.
   But someone had given her a blanket.
   The words of the voice, “I’ll stop by tomorrow,” gave her the hope that her captors perhaps intended to keep her alive at least one more day, which meant that eventually they had to give her water and maybe even food.  That hope fueled her focus, and she could think of nothing else for an interminable period of time.
   At the point of peak despair, when she thought she couldn’t live for another minute without something to eat or drink, when she thought she’d go insane from her body’s craving, the door clanked.
   Metallic objects slid on the floor and the door clanked again, but not as loud as it had when she’d received the blanket.  It sounded almost as if there was a tiny door in the main one.  Perhaps they used it to push food through.  Desperate in her hope, she left the warmth of her blanket, tapping her hand carefully forward on the ground in the direction of the sounds she’d heard, and she touched a bowl.
   It contained liquid.
   She drank it down all at once, some of the water spilling on the sides of her mouth and dribbling down her cheek.  It wasn’t warm broth, but that didn’t matter.  It was water and when the bowl was empty, Eva wanted more.
   She felt around and found a second bowl.  It contained a clay-like substance that smelled like Hrwang spices.  She took a bite of it, it tasted terrible, but it seemed edible.  She devoured all of it and her stomach protested, her throat burned, her mouth gagged, and she threw up.
   The vomit threatened to choke her, but she couldn’t stop it, couldn’t prevent the heaving until her stomach had emptied itself not only of the food, but also of the precious water she’d drank.  She cried, backing away from the stench of bile and spice, and crawled back into her blanket.  She cried at the lost water, at her lost life, at the lost cause she was a part of.  She’d failed, and not only would she suffer for it, but all of Earth would suffer because of her.
   She was utterly lost and she wept in despair.
   
   A light blinded Eva and she shielded her eyes with her arm.
   “Use the pit next time,” a harsh voice commanded, and she heard water flowing onto stone.  She couldn’t tell who or how many people were in her cell, and she didn’t know when they had come in.  She hadn’t even heard the heavy metal door opening.
   But she felt cold water splashing on her and she shrank from it.  The light came off her eyes.
   “There.  In the corner.”
   More water, more splashing, and she wanted to rush the guard or guards, wanted to steal the light, drink the water, and she didn’t care if she were killed in the attempt.
   But her body betrayed her.  It wouldn’t move out from under her blanket.
   The door closed noisily, the light faded quickly, and Eva’s body told her she had to drink.  She crept out from under her blanket, her muscles screaming in protest, and felt for puddles, part of her hoping her vomit had been cleaned up properly, part of her not caring.  She felt a puddle and lapped it up like a dog.  She felt around more and found one of her bowls.  Water had splashed into it and she drank that also.  Her food bowl was upside down.
   Temporarily having had enough to drink, still on her hands and knees on the wet stone, she made her way back to her blanket and crawled into it.  She shivered and cried, held the slightly damp wool around her cold body, and found herself rocking back and forth.  The skin on her back screamed suddenly at her and she stopped moving, stopped allowing the wool to rub on its tender surface, and she tried to lay still.
   If the Lord Admiral didn’t have her executed soon, she was going to rip her blanket into strips, even if she had to use her teeth to tear into it, and make a rope to hang herself with.
   Having a plan made her feel better and she fell asleep. 


If you enjoy The Hrwang Incursion, 
try these other books
by Bernard Wilkerson

The Worlds of the Dead series
 Beaches of Brazil
 Communion
 Discovery

The Creation series
 In the Beginning


