Yevgeny’s Tale
Hayu Tales/Edenia Series
By Beth Hoyer 
Published at Smashwords 2016

Start Hayu named Yevgeny’s tale:
Yevgeny woke up shaking his head while groaning loudly from the hut he stayed in. He heard Mahalia his mate groan echoing his groaning sounds. He didn't say a word recalled their leader of the Hayu species Nikolas telling him and others of the Hayu.
“You having dreams of someone's life were to tell the story to offsprings instead of keeping the dreaming no matter how nightmarish to yourself” said Nikolas.
Groaning Yevgeny got up ignoring Mahalia still lying asleep underneath a blanket. 
He spoke "I got a story to tell the Hayu so excuse me while I go tell it." 
He heard nothing from Mahalia in response but her rolling over and appearing to remain asleep which he without a word left the hut. Yevgeny went to where Nikolas was seated on a log with Hayu's offsprings always gathered in front of him in a semi circle as always every morning expecting him to tell them a story as always. Yevgeny without a word went to the log and sat next to Nikolas who gave him a glare in response and jerked his head towards the offsprings who looked like they were bored to him. Yevgeny spoke beginning the story. 

The Guardian of Life and Death wound up faced with the soul of a male of unknown name as he spoke “Begin Program.”
The Guardian wound up eyed the mental gated arch a travelers’ gate to see if flash an image of a male later identified by a name. 
He heard "You had to show this poor soul didn't you?"
Guardian heard nothing in response to the female’s question instead kept on watching-

“Argh you stinking Meritanian!” Yevgeny cut himself off from telling the tale. 
He heard a throat clearing noise from Nikolas obeyed to cut his annoying angry voice tone. 
Snickering like laughter was heard in response followed by hearing “Hah, Hah what a smarty!”
Yevgeny speaking the story found himself ignoring the Meritanian’s comment continued onto speaking his story despite compulsion via Meritanian to speak something else than what he actually dreamed.

The dream:
The male, dubbed Jinks Montreal but should be known by another name said later, groaned loudly from the pain on his cheek. He grunted as he felt chains onto his wrists. He sigh feeling the Master in control felt his mind scanned in response. He jerked open his eyes, to glare with annoyance, at a Slayer, as the Nightwalkers, vampires with a Highlander appearance, dubbed them, despite the name of Souler used. He gave up a spitting sound, as the Slayer a male, bared his face to him, via manipulation of the mask, with finger tapping. He kept the glare aimed at the Slayer he noticed had Human black eyes, instead of the all sky blue, as known by the species. He kept the glare as he fisted his hands keeping himself silent in response. Jinks glared as the Slayer got onto one knee and kept his slaying weapon, a sword sheathed into his scabbard. 
The Slayer spoke, he hearing the male's voice, via ears "Tell me something hmm."
Jinks kept his mouth shut and refused to talk in response, as the Slayer spoke again "If there was a way of healing you of that scar on your face, would you take it?"
Jinks rubbed his scarred cheek in response, with a gloved hand, despite still glaring at the Slayer and again gave up a spitting sound, refusing to talk. 
He got from the Slayer in response "Interesting, considering there's a way, and we'll gladly give it to you for a price tag."
Jinks kept on rubbing his scarred cheek and looked away, he feeling his mood bad again, as the Slayer remained silent. He felt his mood become rage, glared at the walls of the jail cell, he recognized was in the Zesky Asylum, the Slayers' warship, he saw the walls were all white. He kept the glare while eyeing the walls, avoiding looking at the Slayer, till a bright light shined, he finding one of the Slayers' females, dubbed Sora, appeared into view from a hidden status. He didn't need to translate her talk, despite her speaking in an electronic machinery tone of singing beeps, he finding his mind translating for him abruptly.
Jinks heard "Leave him alone now. He's too mad with his grief, of his loss, to bother doing anything. When he's calmer he'll talk."
He gave Sora a glare, to find the Slayer in response, getting up and walking out of the jail cell, leaving him, with the Humanoid angelic being, in a female form wearing a white robe from the chest down with arms, having sleeves on it. He kept the glare as the being gave off a beeping sound, he finding himself unable to translate, despite the beeping sounded of singing to him. Jinks kept on glaring at Sora, who ignored his glare instead appeared to have a thoughtful expression on her face, he figured she was studying him in response. Jinks shifted to look away leaning back onto the padded wall despite chained to it, via hooks and chains. He ignored Sora's singing, he figured was what she was doing as he kept on staring at the walls, till he focused onto one wall and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate, despite Sora's singing, lulling him to sleep.

Jinks woke up from slumber via a dream of he meeting his familiar female Katherine his wife again her alive and happy to see him. 
He jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora still singing away with accusation within him he thinking to himself "I haven't dreamed of Katherine since White Shadow took possession of me. His possession was on promises that he'll keep away my nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me after returned from a form of being a Charon or Hadean as their referred now."
Jinks heard Sora's beep sounded in a questioningly beep he finding himself translating "What did you say hmm?"
Jinks gave Sora a glare in response and shifted to stare at the floor as he heard a male voice speaking words he shocked to hear himself speaking his thoughts out loud to his shock as if recorded. He glared at Sora in response while rubbing his scarred cheek finding the female resumed her singing beeping noises but this time faded from view. He found the familiar Slayer was back into the room with face bared this time holding a cup in hand. He gave the Slayer a glare as the male without a word kneeled on one knee next to him within arm's distance and uncapped the cup as indicating it a thermos. He glared as his nose smelled a familiar smell making his throat dry from wanting to drink it. Jinks smacked his lips and licked his dry tongue onto the area as the Slayer handed him the thermos he figured was the thing which he grabbed in a fast move. Jinks found he shifting into his Lance Richard persona as always whenever smelling blood. He shrugged away the persona and forced himself to take his time sipping the cup that held blood from the taste in it. He sighed once he was done sipping it entirely down to toss the Slayer the cup who caught it and capped it. Jinks resumed leaning back against the padded wall ignoring the Slayer sensed staring at him while hearing Sora's beeping become softer but remained. He ignored the Slayer in response who kept up the staring at him only to sense a bright light as Sora appeared into view.
He heard "Leave him now. He'll talk when he's ready."
Jinks didn't comment a response to Sora's talk as the Slayer was sensed getting up and leaving the room while hearing a sound of a door banging shut. He found Sora in the room refused to go away instead kept up her familiar singing. Jinks found he lulled to sleep by Sora's singing shut his eyes.

Jinks opened his eyes screaming out "Katherine!"
He gasped recalling his nightmare he didn't want to dream was back into his mind was the same as always he could never get it to go away. Jinks groaned from his screaming to feel the chains were off his wrists. He got up in a fast speed move only to find himself alone in the room with Sora floating above that was still giving off her beeping singing. He gave Sora a glare in response that ignored his glare he finding her forming a thoughtful expression on her face. Jinks paced back and forth walking from one end to the room ignoring the door till he felt a compulsion to look obeyed to find the door was open with the familiar Slayer standing in the doorway.
Jinks glared in response as the Slayer spoke "You're wanted out of this jail cell now."
He grunted an annoyed sound and didn't comment a response towards the Slayer as he kept on pacing back and forth with the dream of Katherine dying fresh in his mind. He grimaced as he heard Sora's beeping change from singing to comments.
Jinks heard "He was yelling this word 'Katherine' before he woke up."
He gave Sora a glare in response halting his pacing only to find himself surrounded by masked Slayers jabbing weapons aimed at him and gesturing him towards the doorway. 
He obeyed to walk out finding the unmasked Slayer speaking “I’m ordering you to follow!”
Jinks sensed them followed to find Sora floating behind them who kept on following closely too close to his taste. He ignored Sora and followed the Slayer a maze of corridors, elevators and doorways in the walls he noticed were different from the Zesky Asylum's design and appeared to be alien to him. Jinks frowned as he followed the Slayer to a window in the wall while hearing a loud purring sound he recognized belonged to a large cat dubbed tiger. Jinks peered into the window to find it was a jail cell containing a large white tiger that was rubbing its head against the window in some friendly like behavior. He sighed softly recognizing the tiger belonging to White Shadow by the collar around the female gonoid and her friendly behavior was from sensing him like cats of all sizes always were friendly with him. He sighed again as the tiger kept up the purring and head onto the glass rubbing which he frowned hearing a loud beep noise of Sora.
Jinks frowned as Sora spoke "He understands us speaking to him so no need to translate."
He sighed again to figure “The He, Sora was referring to was myself.” 
Jinks frowned as the tiger he recognized was dubbed Misty by White Shadow that kept up the purring behavior ignoring Sora's repeated beeps of "Go away and be friendly with someone else now, animal."
Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as Misty ignored Sora's beeping instead looked at him with a pity me look in her golden eyes. He sighed and brought a hand to the window pressing against it as Misty made a motion to rub the area with her head onto the glass and still giving off her purring vibrations. Jinks frowned as he heard a loud ear shattering meow followed by feeling a cat getting onto his shoulder and cat's face rubbing his ear. He removed his hand to fold his arms ignoring the cat and its friendly behavior who gave off softer purring vibrations.
Jinks frowned as he heard from Sora "Must be the one that Barry dubbed Jinks, odd name."
He exhaled a breath to find his arms restrained by Slayers making him annoyed as the cat was yanked off of his shoulder he spotted was an orange ball of fur being carried away by a Slayer. Jinks formed a glare in response as Slayers placed a blindfold onto his eyes and forced him into a circle, he lost track of direction. Jinks frowned as he was forced to move three steps then stopped followed by the blindfold removed. He found himself still accompanied by the familiar Slayer in the Zesky Asylum's room for the dead to be kept preserved that was in the bottom of the boat. He found the area looked the same to him as the Slayer he glared at jabbed a finger down. He obeyed to look gasping of shock loudly seeing a horizontal cylinder tube containing a familiar male appearing to be Human with short blonde hair in black clothes with a white cane that looked like asleep to him. Jinks recognized the male as Barry asleep inside still clad in his familiar clothes while gripping his cane in his hand. Jinks exhaled a breath and inhaled feeling he wanting to speak.
He spoke "Barry. Wonder what happened to him."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while ignoring the creepy voice he used to speak despite the Master in control only to hear a faint chuckle sound from the Slayer. 
He glared at the Slayer as he added "It's not funny."
Jinks got the Slayer giving off a familiar laugh sound before becoming quiet. He looked away towards Barry in the tube only to see himself lying inside with face still displaying the scar. He stiffened seeing himself lying inside with an angry look on his face along with hands fisted off his sides. Jinks stiffened further as the Slayer's form glowed turning into a Sora from the looks. He found himself back into his jail cell contained still chained and shaking sleep from his head as he found a semi circle of Slayers in the room all staring at him. Jinks stiffened from their staring of all showing their faces to him with all blue eyes narrowed in glares he sensed was accusation within them. He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he felt the urge to will aside the Master obeyed to do it finding the Slayers backing up and walking away from him some seen going into a hidden status. He found Sora again in the room singing away him finding himself hearing her singing's words to his shock.
"Stop resisting Jinks Montreal. Let them help you with your pain of your loss of Katherine." He heard sung over and over from Sora.
It made him annoyed enough to give Sora a glare and spoke despite the Master not in control "Go sing something else instead!"
Jinks looked away as Sora ignored his comment and kept on repeating her words. He felt himself angry shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate. He found his angry mood refused to leave him. Jinks felt his anger rising within him as Sora kept on singing her repeated words. He after finding his mediation refused to help him opened his eyes to glare at Sora with anger running through him. 
Jinks willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Sora mentally speaking “I’m ordering Sora to sleep.” 
He found a Slayer appear hitting the floor appearing to be knocked asleep to his annoyance. Jinks looked away with disgust hitting him as Sora gave up a loud vibration that made his teeth chatter via his skull. He grunted an annoyed sound via the vibration only to find himself knocked unconscious by the vibrations' waves too much for him.

Jinks woke up screaming Katherine's name again as he jerked open his eyes while panting hard for breath. He gasped when his nose smelled something familiar to find a male Slayer was seated in a chair mask covering the head entirely while having an object that appeared to be a cane leaning against the male's leg. Jinks frowned as his nose kept on indicating blood to him to find the chaired Slayer cap a thermos and toss it to him which he caught. He recalled the thermos being known for splashing out contents once it was uncapped held it and waited for the liquid to settle. He frowned finding his familiar senses regarding someone was activated to his confusion despite he not sure why. Jinks frowned as the Slayer made a drinking motion via hand to the mouth part of the mask while jabbing a finger aimed at him. He obeyed to uncap the thermos and forced himself to sip the blood he tasted seemed good to him. Jinks sipped the blood entirely then capped the thermos before setting it aside and leaned back against the padded wall. 
He found the thermos disappearing from sight he thought “Thermos was taken by a hidden Slayer” as he found himself stared unblinkingly by the chaired Slayer. 
Jinks felt he uncomfortable by the staring shifted around fidgeting even shutting his eyes. 
He found the staring got too much for him jerked open his eyes and blurt to his shock "Father."
Jinks looked away feeling disgusted with what he said despite displaying it onto his face as he heard silence from the Slayer. He found Sora resumed her singing beeping sounding in the room loudly that got louder and louder to his annoyance. Jinks found his eyesight changing to show an image into his mind. Jinks recalled the image via eyesight within his eyes of he floating above a body as if drawn to see with shock it was himself. He saw the male via face without the scarring onto his face while lying in a hospital bed while wearing an oxygen mask covering his nose and mouth. He saw via the vision that Jinks had nothing of scarring onto the front or via face instead was appearing to be asleep as a hand was seen familiar holding onto Jinks’ hand.  He frowned at the vision of Jinks to see a hand looking familiar come into view to grip the male’s left hand in a gentle grip while seeing nothing of the hand's owner. Jinks found the vision going black as a result as he found himself blinked his eyes of the vision away. He wound up to frown finding the familiar chaired Slayer was still there staring at him but this time had a book in his hands and appeared to be reading it. He eyed the book warily he discovered looked old and familiar to him with alien language on the cover. Jinks focused onto the alien language as if drawn to find the letters glow forming his familiar scarred mark to his shock as he felt pain hitting his face to groan loudly. He felt his eyes remained locked onto the book as if drawn as the pain kept on hitting him till he felt something cool against his face that felt like a hand to him rubbing the area. He sighed softly from the hand's rubbing to groan as the pain went away. Jinks looked around focusing his eyes to find Sora was the hand's owner rubbing his head she having a pity expression on her face. 
He grunted yanking his head away from her hand and snarled loudly "Don't touch me!"
Jinks glared at Sora who went to float away from him as he found the familiar chaired Slayer was still in his chair but this time was reading a smaller book via one hand. 
He gave the Slayer a glare only to hear "Your greatest wish? Don't you want it?"
Jinks gave the Slayer a glare hearing the male's voice blaring in his mind as he snarled "Get out of my mind now!"
He looked away only to hear the familiar Slayer's voice repeats over and over in his mind. 
Jinks snarled loudly "I want my nightmares of Katherine's death out of my mind!"
He gulped with shock recognizing what he said as he shifted to stare at his feet. 
He didn't comment a response as he heard again "What have you learned from the nightmares hmm?"
Jinks groaned softly as he found himself lulled to sleep shut his eyes while grimacing recalling that he'll always dream Katherine's death as a nightmarish dream. He found his hunch correct this time only to scream out words that shocked him when he woke up in a fast move. 
Jinks gasped of shock hearing he screaming out "Father help me!"
He found himself repeating the words as he stared at the sitting Slayer he finding the male this time didn't have a book in hand.
Jinks heard from the Slayer in response "Help yourself. Acknowledge what you haven't been acknowledging."
He leaned back to stare at the Slayer in response only to recall a memory as if compelled within his mind it was of his denial regarding accepting his nightmares of Katherine dying in front of him. He recalled as if compelled that he spent an accounted number of time contained in the gym room of his residence ignoring anything around him while crying tears on and off. Jinks recalled what happened next was White Shadow appeared to him via a vision accompanied with the white tiger Misty next to the male.
Jinks shut his eyes forcing himself to recall what White Shadow had said to him "My servant, why are you crying as if your heart is breaking?"
He exhaled a breath recalling he had gone to White Shadow to put hands onto the male's robed form and wailed "Make it stop. Make the nightmares of Katherine dying in front of me stop within my mind now. I can't make it go away. I want it to go away. I can't sleep without nightmarish dreams of her dying in front of me."
Jinks opened his eyes as he recalled what happened next was White Shadow's form became ghostly followed by the male heard speaking "I'll make it stop with a price tag."
He recalled what he said "I'll do anything to pay the price. Just as long as you make it stop now."
Jinks recalled it involved his form shifted into slightly a blood drinker despite still able to eat regular Human food. He focused with his eyes to find himself surrounded by Slayers still baring their faces aimed at him some appearing to have a look in their eyes, creeping him out, while sensing some had pity within their expressions. He squirmed underneath their narrowed eyed look as he recalled that White Shadow took control of his body despite displaying a black robed look on his body form. He continued to recall further that Misty wound up disappearing in a light show she giving off a growl sounding of terror to him. 
Jinks kept on fidgeting till he heard "Leave him alone now. He knows what he's done."
He exhaled a breath finding he relieved to hear Sora's voice as the Slayers faded from eyesight. Jinks found Sora still singing her familiar comment he looked away towards the wall. He felt a hand touching his scarred cheek to gasp looking at Sora rubbing the area including removing her hand to touch the top of his head. Jinks sighed and allowed Sora to touch him who appeared to be curious enough to want to touch his face all over. He ignored Sora's touch as she touched his hand that was on his lap. He frowned as Sora gave his hand a gentle squeeze movement that seemed familiar to him before releasing it to float away with wings not indicating of flapping. Jinks wound up frowned staring at Sora as if drawn, to eye her face, finding she was forming a thoughtful expression while still giving off her familiar beeping noises he feeling relieved to not able to translate. Jinks kept on staring at Sora who ignored him staring at her. He found Sora's form shift into a familiar female to his shock he recognized as Katherine. 
He spoke "Katherine?"
Jinks eyed Katherine whose form became solid to his shock without the Sora form to land at his feet him feeling the bite of the chains holding him into a sitting position despite his efforts to stand up. Jinks frowned while eyeing Katherine who had a sad look on her face with tears spilling from her eyes.
He spoke again "Katherine I'm sorry I couldn't save you. I wish I could have. I loved you too much to let you die in front of me. Hence I always have those nightmares of you dying in front of me. It's me in denial that I should be accepting your death when I'm having a hard time doing it."
Jinks got nothing from Katherine but her robe disappearing from her form followed by her kneeling while holding out a hand and she speaking "Jinks."
He eyed Katherine despite chained as she he saw was in a boat being taken away by the sea. He found Katherine crying as the ocean pulled her away from him. 
Jinks smelled ocean salt air and spoke loudly "Katherine! I love you! Don't forget that I love you! For I always will!"
Jinks found an ocean wave struck the boat knocking Katherine into the water he kept on repeating his words over and over despite forcing himself to remain on the beach staring at the ocean taking her under. Jinks found darkness overtaking him in response despite he always dreamed of saving Katherine from death within his mind this time he didn't do the saving. Jinks came to feeling a purring vibration that felt too big and loud to be a cat. He groaned softly from the noises while shaking his head as he felt the purring become softer and softer. Jinks frowned finding he lying on a bed from the feel including an oxygen mask covering his mouth and nose. He felt a hand gripping his right hand in a familiar grip. Jinks frowned jerking open his eyes to find the hand's owner was Barry with all black eyes that gave him a familiar glare he gulped seeing. He spoke the contents of his dream entirely including his words and included the memory of White Shadow taking his body to inhibit. 
Jinks frowned while staring at Barry warily who spoke in his familiar voice "There's one matter of a certain individual that must be removed on a permanent basis with death happening."
Jinks gulped hearing Barry's words finding the male removed his hand out of his hand's grip to gently rub his forehead. He sighed from the touch finding Barry's mouth was in a somewhat smiley look he recognized from the male. 
Jinks sighed and didn't comment a response as Barry added "So good to see you again, Jinks."
He sighed loudly and didn't protest as he felt cat paws onto his legs to find a cat settling onto his front giving off purring vibrations that seemed loud to him. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke again "The inhibiting by White Shadow left a side effect within you. It involves you able to hear well than normal, as the Fishla call our species, Earthari can hear."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he found Barry was whispering his words as the cat's purring got louder. 
He sighed again and shut his eyes he figuring to he "I might as well sleep since I need it."
Jinks passed out unconscious to come to hearing Sora's familiar beeping noises. He jerked open his eyes with shock to find Sora floating above him lying in bed while the cat was felt off his front. He frowned while eyeing Sora who rubbed a hand onto his forehead he sighed allowing her to touch. Her touch he felt, felt realistic like a Human hand but seemed warm and softly smoothed skinned. 
Jinks didn't say a word in response as Sora beeped him finding himself able to translate within him "You were tested and it appears you hear more than a normal Earthari does. You seem to have the hearing of a Souler as they refer themselves instead of Slayer as you call them."
Jinks sighed and felt his ears he finding nothing in them and didn't comment a response as Sora forced his eyes shut him hearing her order him “You’re to sleep.” 
Jinks obeyed to pass out unconscious coming to hearing a baby crying noise loudly. He jerked open his eyes finding himself lying in an odd room that seemed not familiar to him. He looked around discovering himself lying on a mattress bed with a blanket up to his form. He felt his familiar clothes of karate uniform were gone from him and this time he was wearing something unfamiliar. Jinks found his gloves were still covering his hands to his relief. He sat up adjusting the blanket to take a look at he as he heard a faint alarm sound. He sighed and felt his ears feeling for any devices only to find them empty. Jinks groaned softly him hearing his groan sounding loud to him.
He thought to himself "Ah well, I guess I better get used to this."
He heard nothing in response to his thinking explored the room to find a bathroom with a full length mirror on the wall. Jinks eyed he discovering he was clad in Fishla's Leadership clothes he shocked to know what it was, which was considered black pants, black shoes and a brown top with black stripe on it including a broach on his left he examined. 
Jinks frowned hearing the sound of a door opening along with “Humph.” 
He left the bathroom to find a female wearing getup that considered of some grey nurse's uniform that spoke loudly he forcing himself to avoid grimacing from the loudness of her voice.
He heard "Alright get out of here, Mister Leader. Leaders Lave and the kids are waiting for you in the hallway outside medical bay."
Jinks frowned but walked passed the nurse he hearing “Good riddance!” to his annoyance. 
He frowned but easily found the medical bay's entrance to find a Souler he figured he'll refer them standing outside in the hallway that gave him a salute of respects. The salute involving hand onto forehead and thrusting hand forwards. Jinks frowned but walked out to meet a male Fishla with a head appearing to look like a humanoid fish despite Human blue eyes that looked him up and down him hearing a sound of throat clearing noises from the male. 
Jinks spoke "Your Leader Lave as referred? Where are the kids the nurse referred to?"
He frowned as felt a foot stomp onto his foot in an angry move to look down seeing two Earthari he figured he'll refer the Humans standing below his height and appeared to be on the short side both giving him all black eyed glares. Jinks sensed the Master in control willed it aside and again heard Leader Lave's familiar throat clearing noises. 
He spoke firmly while eyeing Leader Lave he found the male was taller than him appearing to be a tall Human’s six foot height "I have too many names said to me in my face as my identity but one name I prefer above all is Jinks. Don't give me jokes on it rhyming with inks or inky. I hate that and I always threw a hissy fit enough to react violently with my fists."
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave he forced to look up towards the male him finding himself not afraid as usual. 
Jinks frowned as Leader Lave spoke "You're whispering your words, Jinks."
He heard the firmness of Leader Lave's voice spoke firmly "My hearing I'm told isn't normal Earthari hearing standards. Instead it's better than any normal Earthari unless that's bragging."
Jinks clamped his mouth shut into a thin line while eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Nevertheless come with me while I show you around here the place Annoyov Barrack Station."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as he wordlessly followed Leader Lave sensing the two kids he figured were leaders too taking up the rear. 
Jinks mentally thought to he as he followed Leader Lave "This is going to be interesting."
Jinks followed Leader Lave who gave him a tour of the Annoyov Barrack Station including the Command Center. He noticed Leader Lave once arriving into the Command Center dismissed him with a head bob and went to give commands to the Humans with markings of half triangles on their cheeks while wearing uniforms. Jinks noticed some of the Humans referred as Earthari by Leader Lave had no cheek markings. 
He assumed “They were just pure Humans and not marked despite some suspicion hitting me it wasn’t the case.” 
Jinks wound up leaving the Command Center finding himself bored with Leader Lave’s ignorance of directing operations of having shuttles land planet side and take off. Jinks wandered around the station exploring areas as he could despite sensing himself followed by some sense that was related to his Nightwalkers’ sense. He went to Medical Bay to find the siren sounded loudly when he entered to his disgust. He gave up a loud Humph and waited for someone to arrive. Jinks didn’t have long to wait as a female with red hair arrived wearing a grey uniform triggering his sexual urges hitting him as always involving females suffering from sexual urges and hurt by males. He sighed sensing she was one of the females and wasn’t going to admit it by the glare she gave him. Jinks felt hands onto his back running all over the place and found the Nightwalkers five of them peering behind him as he stared at the Nurse he assumed was the female. 
“Free eats for the Nightwalkers who depend on blood?” He spoke towards the nurse in a firm tone.
Jinks saw her eyes green Human like narrow with a look in them like she was up to something. 
He frowned as the female spoke “Leader, what’s your name and what kind of feeding methods does the Nightwalkers feed?”
Jinks sighed hearing her voice tone indicated she was up to something nasty against a human male by her glare. 
He spoke firmly the description of a Nightwalker’s feeding habit then added “I’m called Jinks. Spare me the joke of Inks or Inky for my name. I’ll always react badly with fists if that joke is said to me.”
Jinks frowned as the nurse spoke “Name’s Alexa and that’s all you’ll know of me.”
He frowned but spoke firmly while eyeing Alexa in the eyes “I submit to your authority.”
Alexa, he saw appeared to form a pained expression on her face but shook it off followed by her speaking “There’s a male dubbed Terror, I like your Nightwalkers to feed off of. He’s got furry skin like an animal twin colors to your skin and twin colored hair like yours.” 
Jinks frowned but gave a head bob not trusting he to speak as Alexa added “Once the Nightwalkers feed off this male Terror, I’ll provide them with free eats in here as bargained. Just bring Terror into here once your Nightwalkers you’re appearing to control them finished feeding off of him as proof.” 
He kept his mouth shut and eyed Alexa who spoke “Now shoo and find this male yourself with your Nightwalkers. Once their done sucking onto him their free to come into here for free eats.”
Jinks frowned but obeyed to walk out of the medical bay finding Alexa remained inside appearing to look like she was struggling to not to cry by wiping her eyes with her hands. He frowned but walked into the hallway to notice the familiar glowing Z symbol of a Nightwalker onto the wall and grimaced recognizing their trap involving trying to get a victim lured to there. He walked away as a result and went to another hallway to stand with eyes shut listening for anything involving the Nightwalkers’ trap. He listened a lengthy time period till he heard a faint groaning noise from the hallway including Nightwalkers’ sucking sounds. He felt a compulsion via Meritanians’ variety via headache to go to the Nightwalkers to see who they caught in their trap which he obeyed. He found five of the Nightwalkers were busy sucking onto a male with furry skinned clothes. He put two fingers into his mouth and blew a whistle blast. He heard the male grunted as he gave a loud whistle blast found the Nightwalkers giving off snickering sounds in response. This was followed by licking the bite wounds on the male then disappeared from his eyesight as he found the familiar glowing sign on the wall gone. He saw the male shook his head of dizziness to wobble which Jinks with strong strength hitting him grabbed the male’s arm holding him upright. The male reacted with struggling with the hands' owner, Jinks himself. 
"Stop that now! You're bound to make your wounds open if you struggle. I got to get you to medical bay for you to sleep this off. So come with me since you're too drunk to walk." Jinks spoke in an angry voice tone.
The male obeyed, Jinks feeling him not resisting to being pulled in the hallway. He heard the male sighed, and saw him shutting his eyes and felt him submit despite not seeing where to go. Jinks didn’t comment a word as he got the male into medical bay he grimacing from the siren sounds sounding loudly to indicate new visitor arriving. Jinks patted the male’s cheek despite the male’s eyes shut as the sirens quit. Jinks saw the male eyed the hand's owner scar on his cheek in some faded method, while wearing a uniform of a Leader, including with the familiar watery broach included. 
Jinks held up his hand and spoke "So tell me how many fingers up do I have hmm?"
The male obeyed to raise his hand he acting like his dizziness was overtaking him and slumped into a kneeling pose. Jinks with great strength shocking him got him up to stand followed by pulling him further into medical bay. 
Jinks got the male onto the floor and thrust his eyes shut while speaking loudly "Just go to sleep now. You need it."
The male obeyed surrendering to the urge to sleep which he appeared to have passed out unconscious from the looks of it. Jinks stood standing over the male clad in furry skin clothes, he saw, appeared to be like second skin to him but were easily removed off him like cloths. He discovered Tennans feminine humanoids with black oily skin with antenna heads and a face all black with black beady eyes and a beak of a bird for mouth and clawed hands as Leader Lave warned him via description coming into sight. The Tennans wound up seen by Jinks dropping from above and growling angrily who adjusted the male's clothes covering him fully before making their shooing gestures. He sighed and went to the Commander he recognized via description of her, despite some odd sense hitting him abruptly making him stiffen, lying on the floor unconscious covered via a blanket. Jinks wound up to find a Gate Destroyer, a Human with markings on the cheek of a Kang as called and markings of scars onto his arm seen indicated Elric, appear in sight blocking his way while giving him a golden eyed glare twin to a Builder and jabbing a finger in the direction of the medical bay's entrance. He sighed as he cocked his head and forced himself to listen to the Commander's heartbeat. He heard it beating strongly along with a rapid fired beating sound he figured was from the baby inside her. Jinks got a gentle push from the Gate Destroyer distracting him. He walked away in response and without a word went to the entrance to medical bay walking out. Only to find the familiar two Leaders, that always scared him seeing them, standing in the hallway with arms folded and glares on their faces. 
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing the glares they gave him were spoken for "You did something wrong so admit it."
He sighed and moved his hands in the female's dubbing herself T'La's hand language "Alright Alexa, I guess is her name, got wind that I was controlling the Nightwalkers living here. She made a deal with me on having Nightwalkers get free eats which is free blood via donations if I direct them to suck on victims who she approves of it. She wanted the Nightwalkers to suck this guy, dubbing himself Terror, unsure of why he's called that. Not too much sucking just enough to make him fall asleep for awhile. She's still mad that the Commander is stuck in her offspring production that she appears to blame this Terror for the cause making it seem he's the father of her offspring."
He frowned forming a frown with his lips once he done signing to get from T'La cocking her head in some gesture that said "You're hiding something so admit it."
Jinks groaned softly seeing that the two weren't budging on getting him to admit what they wanted him to admit. He raised his hands to sign only to feel a glowed hand clamp over them he saw belonged to a Souler who shook his head in some Human no gesture. Jinks frowned while eyeing T'La to see her stomp her foot in response followed by D'Clan her declared brother looking nervous. He sighed as the Souler removed his hand and resumed position in the hallway. 
He eyed D'Clan as he recalled that T'La's foot stomp was spoken for "Quit scaring me!"
Jinks frowned while eyeing brother and sister as D'Clan jabbed a finger aimed at him making him nervous while giving him a glare and got from the young male speaking in a twin voice of Master’s cruel voice tone "Whatever secret you have don't expect to keep them hidden. We'll find out period."
Jinks frowned as T'La with D'Clan without a word walked away the sister had arms folded and looking disgusted by the expression on her face when she glanced his way. He felt the familiar pawing onto his back he recognized was from the hidden Nightwalkers trying to calm him down from an angry upset mood. Jinks exhaled a breath and folded his arms while forcing himself to be calm from the pawing of the Nightwalker pawing his back till he looked to find a Souler was doing it to his shock. He exhaled a breath while frowning staring at the Souler walked away fading from sight. Jinks frowned but didn't comment a response as he eyed the remaining Souler warily.
He heard blared in his mind "Some of your people are serving us, Leader."
He exhaled a breath and got a gesture to move, by the Souler he stared at gesturing via sword. 
Jinks without a word walked away thinking to himself "This is getting weirder and weirder."
Jinks heard nothing in answer to his words instead figured to himself "Eh? It's just a secret I'll have to learn on my own."
He walked away into the hallway meeting T'La and D"Clan both in a rapid fire sign language chat he breezed by them they giving him glares in response pausing their chats. He ignored them and walked away only to feel a compulsion to go into a direction which he obeyed finding he led to the Command Center. Jinks found Leader Lave in the room appearing to be in the middle of directing operations of the station he stood in the doorway with arms folded. He kept his mouth shut as Leader Lave seemed haggard to him while still directing Earthari. 
Jinks frowned as he walked into the room to pay attention to Leader Lave's orders he figured to himself "I might as well see if I can help him out."
He found Leader Lave accepting his takeover to find the Fishla sitting down into a chair and appeared to be snoozing away which he kept up the ordering firmly letting the male sleep as long as he wanted. 
Jinks directed operations a seemingly lengthy time period till an electronic voice via recognition later sounding of an Eli a Human brain implanted into computer machinery that interrupted him “Shift over leave the deck.”
He found Leader Lave gone from his seat he finding himself among Fishla from their fish like heads and Humanoid bodies armed with weapons in the room. Jinks groaned and felt a familiar headache hitting him indicating manipulation via Meritanian variety again. He felt annoyance take hold as he was led to the garden park part of the station and heard crying sounds. Jinks recognized the crying as Alexa’s voice sounding likes she was upset by the noises. He followed the noises via his ears finding her in a clearing kneeling and rocking her form with tears spilling from her eyes. Jinks again got his familiar sense hitting him involving sexual urges. He without a word went to Alexa and kneeled in front of her waiting for her to acknowledge him. Jinks waited as Alexa appeared to shut her eyes and kept up her crying bout with rocking her form ignoring him with her noises getting louder and louder. He felt annoyance take hold with the noises got up and went to Alexa gently grabbing her arms making her gasp opening her eyes. He without a word lifted Alexa to stand and kissed her on the lips letting go of her arms finding the female wrapping arms around his neck kissing him in response. Jinks heard twig snapping sounds of someone walking nearby had paused to stand watching them. He ignored the staring of someone to focus onto Alexa. Jinks didn’t protest as Alexa broke the kiss and appeared to wipe her mouth via her sleeve and appeared to look like she was upset. 
Jinks forced he to kneel in front of Alexa "I submit to your authority mating wise.” As he said his words firmly while eyeing Alexa via the eyes.
Jinks wound up hearing sobbing sounds loudly in Alexa's voice tone as he heard "I've waited too long for a male to say that to me!"
He sighed finding Alexa was too upset to lie down onto the ground and forced himself to be still while staring at the blue sky. He ignored his senses blaring indicating a watching sense twin to Barry’s via all seeing one powers. Jinks forced he to remain still as he felt Alexa finding she had managed to kneel down next to him and run hands over his chest. He sighed softly as she lifted up his shirt and bared his nipples including baring his sensitive part. Jinks sensed someone was spying onto Alexa who was in the process of licking his nipples from the looks of it. Jinks didn't give a response instead remained staring at the sky unblinkingly with form still. He kept his hands to himself and waited as Alexa had her way with him sexually as in sucking his sensitive part and omitting any intercourse to his confusion. He frowned inwardly as he felt his mind scanned during Alexa’s touch and felt the mind scanning quit when she stopped touching him to frown staring at him with a frown. 
His eyes met her eyes and he figured to himself thinking as he felt his mind scanned “She’s a mind walker of a Human variety despite Highlanders is known for that on this planet.”
Jinks found Alexa in response covered his sensitive part via pants and yanked down his shirt followed by getting up walking away with anger sensed from her. He swung himself up via acrobatic move to find Alexa was pacing walking back and forth in front of him as he heard twig snapping sounds indicating someone was coming nearby. He looked past Alexa’s pacing to find the familiar furry skinned male as dubbed Terror in sight with eyes human black giving him creeps abruptly. 
He felt his senses blared warning when Terror came into view of Alexa and spoke “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Alexa, he saw as he gulped hearing wound up looking up to give Terror a glare of accusation as the male spoke his familiar line again and then blurt "I don't want to know what secret you tell me. I'm not a library. Excuse me."
Terror, Jinks saw made a motion to leave only to hear "Wait! I want to talk to you!"
He stared at Alexa with a frown finding her kneeling and crying tears while rocking her form back and forth. Jinks frowned but kept his mouth shut as he wound up walking into Alexa’s sight that made a shooing gesture towards Terror. Terror to his disgust jabbed a finger aimed at him and spoke his line despite Alexa quiet with her sobbing. Jinks sighed as Terror gave him a glare while appearing to remain standing balking moving while folding his arms and giving him a glare. Jinks sighed again and without a word went to Alexa to squat limber style and gently put a hand onto Alexa's shoulder she quit crying to wipe her eyes with her sleeve. 
Jinks spoke once Alexa was quiet "I have a female offspring born out of a forced mating ritual I did to a female. Her Mother had a male who had beliefs on who raises the offspring which was forced onto me. I don't regret my daughter coming to existence. I do regret the way I did towards her mother when I used her for mating urges. It was she who told me after it was obvious I wasn't doing anything for my mating urges, just bottling them inside actually, that I was to allow myself be used for females to get over a forced mating done onto them via males. I have been doing that faithfully as a result of getting my mating urges satisfied. I do tend to recognize females that need this help like I recognized from you hence I submitting to this. My daughter in question once fully grown, hasn't been upset about how she came to existence instead has been very understanding of my purposes towards females who are hurt by males in a mating way, something I work to help them overcome."
Terror was heard exhaling a breath but remained silent as Jinks without a word straightened up his form and spoke in response "I already have a female I considered mine who's not in existence at the moment but in my mind and heart. I wait for the day when I can join her but as long as I have a purpose of living I live for her. I refused to take any female in her place or pair myself up to any female unless it's for helping her overcome her problems of mating via male."
Alexa appeared to be calmer but was avoiding looking at him who he without a word walked away as compelled via Meritanian variety. He felt annoyance take hold as he found himself transported to the High Council’s Throne room’s hallway to stand in the doorway. He found another light show to show Terror appear into sight that was restrained by the Falcons via claws of gloves onto the male’s arms. Jinks eyed the High Council as he found himself in the presence of Tom Mindbender standing nearby Terror displaying his bony look dubbed Berserker he grimaced seeing.
Jinks kept the glare in response as Shad spoke "What? He looks ridiculous for a First One."
Jinks frowned but kept his silence as Terror was sensed quiet but figured the male was glaring sensing angry breathing from the male in response. He kept the glare as Tom he saw turned around and waved a bony hand in the High Council’s direction before fisting the hand. 
Jinks frowned finding Tom shifted to resume looking in his direction as he heard "Alright whatever! Where's Horus anyway?"
Jinks frowned hearing the sarcasm of Shad’s voice to blink his eyes finding himself with disgust sensed in the room, via the doorway to glare at the High Council sensing Terror was angry. He ignored the speakers to sense them spying onto him figured he was Horus as dubbed by the High Council 
Jinks glared as he focused onto the speakers finding Onya was speaking "Explain yourself Horus with your obsession of acquiring an All Seeing One! The Meritanians made it clear that they don't want us to have one in our possession so talk now Horus!"
Terror spoke his familiar line in response he hearing “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Jinks forced himself to speak via compulsion despite he hearing “Ugh!” spoken from both speakers "It wasn't me but White Shadow as he calls him self's obsession in acquiring back his companion pet a gonoid dubbed Misty which in First One's terms is dubbed albino tiger. He loved that tiger too much to do anything to get her back in his possession. That's what I was trying to say during lucidity moments of control. He didn't give a damn about the Nightwalkers or leading them anymore. All he cared was that Misty back into his possession. Hence this ridiculous war done between him and the ones who got Misty in their possession the Soulers as their referred now instead of Slayer. He forgot the actual reason why he had Misty in their care was because she was quarantined like any gonoids that arrived off planet for a time frame. It's to make sure their not carrying sicknesses that could spread to manoids or gonoids. Something the Fishla reasoned when they built the station included others on planetary worlds was to avoid species extinction by sicknesses. Something their germ phobic about including related to gonoids coming off planet. It's something the restless natives of the station took up and have been paying the Soulers' home vessel money to quarantine their gonoids and their people before joining the population planet bound."
Jinks got restrained by Tom in a fast move from behind the male’s bony hands felt gripping his arms in tight ironclad holds. He kept his mouth shut in a thin line while eyeing the High Council. 
Jinks via special hearing wound up hearing the words "Falcons, not bird males."
He exhaled a breath keeping his mouth shut as the High Council appeared to go into a head wagging hand waving movement behind the speakers while noticing their heads were bowed. 
Jinks kept the glare at the High Council as Shad appeared to glance into Terror’s direction before bowing his head he hearing "I'm called Shad for I speak for the males of the High Council."
Jinks heard from Onya seeing her glance up towards Terror before bowing her head echoing Shad's words but this time used the name of Onya. Jinks didn't comment a response as the High Council behind them went into a discussion he figured what they were doing seemingly lengthy. 
Shad raised his head along with Onya doing the same and heard from the male speaker "Anyway Meritanians transport this All Seeing One back to his residence now. Our business with him is done."
Jinks found Terror disappearing into a light show while hearing snickering like laughter from the Meritanians to his disgust. He gave up a sound of disgust loudly and recognized the tone the Meritanians used via laughter noises.
Jinks spoke loudly “They dumped this All Seeing One into a volcano and burned him to death by the noises their giving.”
He found from both Speakers speaking “Meritanians!”
Jinks frowned as he heard from Ramses one of the three Meritanians, the Big Three, as dubbed snickering loudly “You’ll find the Nightwalkers succeeded in sucking Terror the original unconscious to suffer death and his body was sent to the volcano to be burned out of some smelly situation in Medical Bay as that station Annoyov is referred. Hah, hah”
Jinks recalled the Tennans and their treatment of Terror spoke firmly “Meritanians what about the Tennans and their weird treatment of this Terror anyway?”
He heard snickering quit followed by groaning sounds of Meritanian variety followed by hearing Ramses’ grumpy voice “Tennans are upset at the moment by the loss of Terror and thinking of violence onto the natives of the Annoyov Barrack Station and whoever planet side. I figured from mind scanning them that a cloned copy of the original Terror should get them to quit their violence mood. Don’t ask me why they care about this Terror fool too much.”
Jinks groaned softly and didn’t comment a response as Shad was heard speaking “Tank! We have orders for you to say!”
Jinks felt Tom’s hands onto his arms squeeze into a gentle move but remained tight onto the area as he glared at the High Council.
He heard from Tank in response “Yah I put in that order the moment the Tennans were sensed upset due to figuring out something related to Terror as their Ambassador and spokesperson for their species when communicating with others. The order is already done with and waiting for transportation to the Annoyov Barrack Station according to the Soulers as they call themselves.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut and found Tank quit mind scanning him despite hearing further snickering like laughter from the Meritanians. He sensed Barry’s spying via All Seeing One powers to figure it was Terror or cloned copy doing that spying. Jinks glared at the High Council while standing in the High Council's presence still restrained by Tom. Jinks sensed the spying but refused to acknowledge it instead still had his face into a glaring stare aimed at the High Council's direction. Jinks stood with a glare on his face him not commenting a word towards the High Council in a lengthy discussion behind the speakers. He noticed the speakers kept glancing up to stare at him before bowing their heads on and off. He felt annoyance take hold finding the High Council was in a lengthy discussion. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he heard the Master roaring within the back of his mind. He felt the Master itching to take control ignored the sensation as Tom's bony hands were felt squeezing in a gentle move before releasing the squeezes. He kept his mouth shut further and waited as the High Council quit the discussion followed by Shad and Onya raising their heads.
Jinks waited as Shad spoke "Anyhow what course of action do you recommended be done onto Horus by the Airens as they call themselves now, Mindbender?"
He kept his mouth shut despite feeling angry but forced himself to be calm as Tom's bony hands became more flesh from the feel followed by hearing from the male still restraining him "They don't give a bloody suck about Horus. Just as long as their fed and satisfied from the feeding of receiving the sacred drink they want. Excuse my words but I'm speaking their mind's language at the moment. Their listening and expect me to speak in their fashion of words as a price tag for leading them. They expect me to lead them without questioning their motives."
Jinks frowned to feel Tom's hands resume the bony style as he kept his mouth into a thin line and waited as Shad again spoke "What do you have to say about the possession stunt by this White Shadow?"
He spoke firmly "I'm a fool who's foolish enough to let something simple as bad dreams cause me to allow White Shadow to possessive me in order to get those bad dreams to stop. I already paid my price for having that possession stunt done onto me. My hearing via my ears wound up more advanced than an Earthari another word for First One as the natives off planet now call the species I am. Its hell trying to avoid hearing what I'm not supposed to hear. Besides the Airens as they want to be called have insisted that I control them in their bloody sucking ways as Tom says while their among the natives on the Fishla's station dubbed Annoyov Barrack Station, unsure of the name involving Annoyov."
He clamped his mouth shut to find the High Council going into discussion only to hear from Tom loudly "Horus is telling the truth on what the Airens want while their among the natives of the Annoyov Barrack station. The Airens here specifically requested me to help with their bloody sucking feelings towards you and whoever here. I'm not at liberty to say if it's involved with leadership. Instead they asked. I do what I can."
Jinks frowned feeling Tom's hands resumed the bony look. 
He gave the High Council a glare only to hear blared "Excuse me for interrupting but can I transport Horus now? The Airens have gotten restless without Horus's presence on the station enough to want to lash out in angry terms. They appear to detect Horus gone from the station and are in process of throwing a hissy fit. Don't ask me why I said that."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Ramses' blaring voice sounding in his mind as he eyed the High Council to find Tom's hands off his arms followed by finding himself in a hallway where there was a familiar signed mark of the Nightwalkers glowing on the wall. He sighed as he heard hissing sounds to groan softly and folded his arms waiting for the Airens, as they called themselves to instead of accepting the Nightwalker name to check him all over. Jinks ignored the Airens felt via hidden status sniffing him all over not sparing his privates. He kept his arms folded waiting with his mood bad again as the Airens quit their sniffing followed by forcing him to sit down by hands pressing onto his shoulders. He allowed them to make him sit which he obeyed. Jinks didn't protest as he felt his back leaned against the wall and found Airens appearing with soft whining squeals counting about four of them. He figured to himself that the four Airens were the bravest of the Airens to live in the station with him as the four proceeded to use his legs as a pillow and fell asleep. 
Jinks heard blared in his mind "Nighty night, Horus."
He sighed hearing Merra's familiar voice sounding in his mind didn't protest as the Meritanian’s comment was sensed putting him asleep. 

Jinks woke up feeling a poke of something of a foot against his leg. He jerked open his eyes to find a Souler with a cane appearing to look familiar was poking him via the leg making a finger gesture up. He obeyed to get up from the floor finding the Airens or Nightwalkers weren’t around. Jinks gave the Souler a glare of annoyance that made a gesture towards him as if indicating whispering into his ear.
He sighed and leaned forwards to hear from the Souler via ears in a loud whisper “Terror has been told or pointed out to be fathered by Barry himself. I know that’s not the case as in Terror originally was a clone of someone else actually. Not sure who that Terror was actually so when you meet Terror acknowledge the connection as he your brother. Just do that. We’ll take care of the rest.”
Jinks sighed and found another Souler with a sword come into view via whining squeal sounding softly via his ears. He recognized the sound and found the other Souler coming into view to tap the caned Souler onto the shoulder into some insisting move. Jinks frowned as the caned Souler without a word faded from view despite noticing the Souler with sword gripping the male’s arm into a hold. He heard footsteps of the Soulers walking away from him via hidden status and felt a compulsion to walk via Meritanian variety. Jinks followed the Meritanians’ compulsion to come upon Terror. 
He spoke in a loud whisper "Greetings brother Terror. I see you met my Father and yours as well."
Jinks heard Terror exhaled a breath to give a head bob alien style but twin to Leader Lave’s to add in response still using the loud whisper "Come along now. The Airens aren't in a feeding mood onto you. I have forbidden them to feed off natives wandering around the Trading Center as its dubbed and directed them to Medical Bay for free eats."
Terror was heard sighed and wordlessly followed him despite still giving off the male’s familiar line “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Jinks felt annoyance take hold when he felt Meritanian’s manipulation headache hitting him to keep him from talking. 
He heard Terror from behind yelling loudly repeatedly towards the natives despite his line of “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.” Spoken loudly over and over including saying "Oh for crying out loud! I don't want to know your secret! I'm not a library for secrets to be kept!"
He heard Terror repeated his words over and over ignored him who he sensed was following him to the garden finding the blast doors open and sun shining. He heard Terror cut himself off once he got them both into the garden walking on a path he finding Terror not inclined to speak more of his familiar line and grumpy yelling words. Jinks walked on the path next to Terror he sensed was silently glancing at him and at the path's ground of small stones. Jinks saw a Tennan a drone via animal footed form a lowest of the low came into view from the bushes to go up towards him to rub his leg with her body in some cat like behavior while purring loudly. Jinks halted the walk to eye the drone he eyed in response to find her going up to Terror and grabbing the male’s pant leg with a claw and yanking it into a direction while seeing her head gesture him to follow.
Terror spoke towards Jinks "Be seeing you around, Jinks."
Jinks spoke in response as Terror made a move to walk "There's four Airens living on the station and no more than that that I'm controlling. The others about five of them got too nervous to live among the natives and escaped via garden. I warn you I haven't heard a peep from those five Airens or anything involving them feeding onto the people walking around here. Medical Bay claims that they haven't received any patients that needs blood from the garden or any Airens from there. Sorry just be warned on what I said. Besides the four Airens haven't said anything regarding the five Airens hiding anywhere in the garden. 
Instead only said 'Gone home.'”
Jinks felt a sword’s edge onto his neck cutting his talking and heard a faint growling noise from the Souler.
He added towards Terror “Sorry not a liberty to say what it means due to a Souler sticking his sword at my neck."
Jinks found the Souler appearing from hidden status as he eyes turning all black looking via willing the Master through as he heard Terror spoke his familiar line again. Jinks spoke in response as the Souler removed the sword and hand whacked him on the back of the head he removing his creepy black eyed look and displaying Human blue eyes. "I was possessive by some spirit dubbing he White Shadow that picked a fight with the Soulers and their home residence sea vessel. It was on something ridiculous involving a gonoid or animal as you say it being in the Soulers' possession they refused to give up due to quarantine it. White Shadow was so stupid didn't get it the quarantine business instead picked a fight with the Soulers and brought the Airens in the process." 
Jinks speaking his words firmly as he added giving the Souler a glare "White Shadow made a mistake on getting Terror here, involved not realizing that he had this ability to make people speak secrets. Terror from what I'm told got White Shadow to reveal the reason for this ridiculous fight between Airens and Soulers. The Airens' I'm told didn't take the reason kindly instead wound up removing White Shadow on a permanent basis. He's no longer inhibiting me or whoever but he left me a gift of hearing advanced than a normal Earthari can hear, hence I whispering my words."
Jinks shifted to glare at the Souler as he displayed his creepy eyed look at the male. 
He heard a singing noise sounding within loudly via ears sounding in a pleading tone indicating some tone for peace. Jinks ignored the singing noises to finding the Souler was appearing to step back swinging his sword aimed at him. Jinks found Terror wound up using super blurring speed got between the both of them to grab the Souler's arm holding the sword and placed a hand onto his front while giving off loud ahem sounds. Terror he glared at gave them both a glare noticing the Souler put away his sword followed by giving him a glare which he removed the Master into the back of his mind. 
Terror spoke firmly as heard by Jinks "This is the Annoyov Barrack Station, a place of peace not for actions of war."
The Souler and Jinks each making a step back as Terror was felt removed his hands' to fold his arms while giving them both glares. Jinks felt himself nervous abruptly from Terror’s glare while noticing another Souler appear with face seen he recognized as the Souler’s spokesperson via voice ability with a look of concern on his face. Jinks looked away to folded his arms and had head bowed he heard via ears while hearing sounds of the missing Airens coming out of the bushes. He counted five of them via breathing and found the Airens seemed nervous by their noise as they went to him. They were appeared to be feeling him all over with their clawed hands. Terror was heard sighed and appeared via breathing to be calm while waiting for himself and the Souler to calm down from their angry attitudes while remaining still between them. He kept on sensing Terror was giving them glares finding the spokesperson Souler had managed to force the warring Souler's mask to bare his face via the sounds of it. Jinks finding the Airens kept their touchy feely touch all over him and appeared to focus their attention onto him as he remained still with arms folded and head bowed. Jinks felt the Airens rubbing him all over while he stood in the garden. He forced himself to mediate counting the Airens and their hands counted five of them to figure that they were the ones hiding in the garden. Jinks didn't protest to the Airens feeling him all over not sparing his sensitive parts while sensing that they were nervously upset about something by how their hands, claws kneaded him. Jinks heard growls sounding in Souler terms he ignored as he felt the Airens silently kneaded him he hearing their breathing coming out of short breaths that told him they were nervous for him. He sighed and concentrated onto his hearing to hear rumbling growls of a Souler's breathing he not sure what it meant. Jinks forced he to open his eyes and looked up at the Soulers with a glare. He found one with Human black eyes shooed him away with a hand towards him and kept making a look at me sign towards his fellow Souler he sensed was still angry by the growling noise he heard. Jinks didn't comment a response to the shooing as Airens grabbed his arms and hands and without a word with insisting behavior pulled him away. He obeyed to get pulled away allowing the Airens to lead him he forcing himself to breathe hard through his nose despite still feeling angry hitting him. Jinks kept his mouth shut into a thin line as another figure came into view via the bushes and stood. He sighed recognizing Harry, a brother of Barry who was clad in a uniform of all grey twin to a janitor, that stood with arms folded giving him a familiar glaring stare despite having all black eyes. Jinks groaned sensing the Airens weren't alarmed instead found them pulled him to Harry and halted his walk by holding him in place. 
He found Harry kept the glare as he spoke "Alright I was furiously angry when I said my admittance to Terror and the Souler. I blame Terror for saying that ridiculous line of forgiveness over and over as I led him to the garden. His chanting got me in a bad mood enough to want to react violently hence I almost picking a fight with a Souler."
Jinks frowned as Harry's glare became more glaring by the eyes narrowing. He groaned softly feeling the Airens had managed to hide behind him by their hands onto his back. 
Jinks spoke firmly "Harry, you can't expect me to turn off my hatred towards the Soulers can you?"
He formed a glare as Harry spoke in response "I see that White Shadow got you influenced enough to be furious with the Soulers."
He groaned hearing the sarcasm of Harry's voice tone to speak in response sensing the Airens kneading his back with their hands "White Shadow conversed with me via my mind while I was contained in a box. He kept on ranting about wanting his companion called Misty back some albino tiger from the Soulers' possession. He refused to listen to me yelling at him about quarantines and stuff like that. Instead he decided to pick a fight with them on trying to get Misty back. The Soulers from what I've eavesdropped with my special hearing seemed furious with White Shadow for the war and have blamed me. I was angry when I arrived to the garden. I've gotten the impression that the High Council like the Soulers blames me responsible for this ridiculous war in the first place. Hence I furious with them and the High Council for not getting it that White Shadow was the responsible one."
Jinks glared a Harry whose all black eyes narrowed into a further glare and got from the male in response pointing a finger aimed at him and speaking “You’re a clone.”
Jinks gulped hearing the firmness of Harry’s voice tone via the admittance. 
He felt his bad mood quit to find Harry speaking “What else aren’t you not admitting hmm Inky?”
He heard Harry’s voice sounded firm when he spoke the Inky name to his disgust. Jinks gulped and felt the Airens’ hands off his back and heard them running off into the forest sounding nervous via ears. He gulped sensing that the Airens’ fear of Harry had hit them too much hence they running away. 
He continued to gulp as Harry jabbed a finger aimed at him and got from the male “Talk now Inks.”
Jinks heard the firmness of Harry’s voice tone spoke with nervousness into his voice “Just that I let some nightmare of Katherine’s death a female I loved too much control me too much that I couldn’t seek the proper help for it. Instead I begged White Shadow to help me instead of seeking earthly help like therapy.”
He kept on gulping as Harry gave up a Humph sound but remained silent as he gulped and added “I don’t know what else you’re wanting from me.”
Jinks felt his mood bad again and glared at Harry with the Master in control. 
He kept the glare as Harry spoke “Meritanians make this Jinks clone remember who he is now.”
Jinks sensed Harry’s voice was using the Compelling voice tone found himself hit with a headache. He found his arms restrained by the Falcons via feel including a hand covering his mouth from screaming out loud as memories came to his mind revealing who he was. The male realized himself was not as Jinks Montreal but as Tam-Mykola MacLeod glared at Harry and made an angry noise via his throat. He found the Falcons and the hand’s owner Anubis faded from sight via whining squeal sounds as he gave Harry a glare in response.
Harry, he saw glared back at him and again got the male’s order “Speak!” which he obeyed speaking “I’m Tam-Mykola MacLeod.”
He referring himself as Tam spoke his words firmly while sensing himself filmed via the sensing as he spoke his words while adding “What the depths happened to me to forget who I was anyway?”
Tam gave Harry a glare who spoke in response “Just get out of here now out of my sight Tam-Mykola.”
Tam heard the firmness of Harry’s voice tone obeyed despite finding himself transported to the High Council to face the group while feeling his arms restrained by the Falcons. Tam glared in response and kept his mouth shut. He found himself hit with sleepiness and heard snickering like laughter from the Meritanians as he felt himself floating in air feeling hotness hitting him as he passed out unconscious into the volcano he assumed he was dumped into.

Tam-Mykola MacLeod came to feeling nudging his shoulder into an insisting move to his disgust despite trying to sleep. He felt himself lying on metallic floors naked of clothes and wet all over. He jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to find a Souler standing over him was nudging him via foot. Tam got up via acrobatic move to glare with annoyance running through him as the Souler without a word walked away disappearing via sight. He heard nothing involving his special hearing instead normal hearing to his disgust. Tam glared and without a word eyed the room’s contents as if needing to do it. He found a Souler nearby with a cane gesturing him to follow.
Tam spoke “Alright I’ll follow but this better be worth my time.”
He gave the caned Souler a glare of annoyance and without a word followed the male out of the room he noticed a tube containing a lumpy object with a green laser light nearby. He noticed Soulers weren’t around as the caned Souler led him out of the room to a patient bedroom of the Zesky Asylum he recognized further of the Soulers’ home. He grunted an annoyed sound as he was led into the room to find Alexa via looks of her clad only in a hospital gown. He found her marching up towards him and slapped a hand onto his cheek hitting him a firm hit. 
He grunted from her hit and spoke “Violence of hitting people doesn’t solve things Alexa-” 
Tam was interrupted “Don’t Alexa me Tam-Mykola MacLeod!”
Tam gave her a glare finding she was giving him a look expecting him to know something he recognized before as familiar.
Tam spoke “What? What am I supposed to get from you? I’m not a damned mind walker anyway.”
He gave Alexa a glare only to find her stripping off the hospital gown showing her naked form he gulped with shock recognition seeing her naked. He gulped as she without a word jumped onto him he forcing himself to catch and sank herself onto his sensitive part he rolling his eyes from the feel. Tam found himself and Alexa during their coupling managed to make it to the bed to land on top of it with the female on the bottom as he and her made movements of thrusting sex. He sighed once he spilled himself inside Alexa to sense her giving off a twin sigh. Tam felt his mind scanned abruptly and realized with a start that his mind was fully scanned while mating with Alexa. 
He spoke firmly “Peeping toms get out of my mind with the mind scanning now.”
Tam got interrupted by Alexa’s Humph sound and focused onto her as if needing to do it. He frowned as Alexa gave him a glare and displayed entirely black eyes he gulped seeing figuring out she had her own Master ability.
“Not Master ability.” He heard from Alexa verbalized her words as if hearing his thoughts “Mind walking actually.”
Tam frowned hearing a loud ahem sound sounding of disapproval followed by Alexa adding “Get off of me now Inks!”
He obeyed to do that to find the caned Souler in the room thrusting a finger aimed at him and towards a doorway and making a shower sign. Tam obeyed finding the room was a bathroom proceeded to shower. He heard a siren sounding overhead to pull aside the shower curtain finding the caned Souler was in the room with arms folded appearing to be glaring at him via masked status. Tam frowned finding a red light blinking overhead ignored by the caned Souler as he resumed showering. Tam once done came out to find clothes piled on top of the toilet’s seat cover and the caned Souler still there watching him like a peeping tom to his disgust. Tam ignored the Souler and got himself dried followed by putting on the clothes he found was twin to a Leader of the Annoyov Barrack Station without the broach included. Groaning he found a hair band in the pockets and put his hair back his familiar braided style. Once done Tam walked out of the bathroom hearing the thumping of the Souler’s cane sounding familiar to him. He frowned as he walked out to find Alexa gone from her bed but her hospital gown was still lying onto the floor to his confusion. Tam frowned as he heard familiar chatter of a Builder’s compelling voice tone sounding behind him appearing to be from the caned Souler and found he dumped into something hard and metallic. Tam heard banging noises of vibrations forced he to kneel while looking around to spot Leader Lave nearby giving him a glare of accusation with his eyes. He gulped but cleared his throat and felt compelled to speak.
Tam blurted “I’m a clone.”
He felt annoyance with what he blurted frowned finding Leader Lave quit the accusation glare and appeared to compose himself with eyes shutting of shock.
Tam frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who opened his eyes and got from the male in response “Cloning is how I became a Fishla from the looks of it. I’m originally a Human as born that was cloned with a Fishla body to create me, Leader Lave as dubbed. My cloning was to talk the Fishla out of doing genocide onto the Earthari on their planet Earth in response to blaming them for the Tennans’ actions onto a colony world. The Tennans caused eater destruction to a colony world in the process of picking up this Eartheri male named Terror as he refers himself.”
Tam frowned but didn’t comment a response as he found himself and Leader Lave both transported to the High Council’s throne room. He glared at the High Council as Leader Lave got his arms restrained by the Falcons doing it in a loose hold. He found himself forced to stand by hands touching him from behind he felt was belonging to a High Council’s servant Mindbender also known as Tom. Tam kept the glare and waited as the High Council were seemingly motionless via their seats and appeared to be staring at Leader Lave. He heard nothing from Leader Lave but found the male using a stick weapon managed to free himself from the Falcons’ hand grips including knocking them onto the floor who were groaning loudly. Tam kept the glare and waited seemingly lengthy as Leader Lave ignored him and put away his weapon followed by silently staring at the High Council. Tam figured that the High Council was busy talking to Leader Lave mentally via Tank or Merra’s way. He heard snickering like laughter sounding in Ramses’ voice tone indicating a dumping into a volcano trick by the noise to his disgust. Tam gave up a sound of disgust loudly only to see a light flash showing the familiar caned Souler landing onto the metallic floor with a grunt loudly in a familiar voice. Tam kept his mouth shut and glared at the High Council as the caned Souler without any help got up from the floor and appeared to be leaning heavily onto his cane. He kept the glare and waited as Shad and Onya raised their heads followed by hearing “Barry ditch that masked look now!”
Tam gasped of shock hearing that as the caned Souler obeyed to remove the helmeted mask showing Barry’s face and head appearance who spoke Builder’s chatter in a firm voice tone. Tam frowned hearing that only to hear snickering of the Meritanians again and recognized the noises indicating something else than volcano dumping as he felt a headache. He grunted bending down feeling a hand covering his mouth from screaming out loud. He found memories spilled into his mind that was twin to the memories of Jinks Montreal including his alternative personalities making him confused to who he was. He straightened up his form and found Tom’s hand uncovered his mouth from seen. He gave the High Council a glare he realizing he wasn’t just Tam-Mykola MacLeod but a cloned copy of the original Jinks Montreal given that personality of Tam himself. 
He kept the glare in response and waited as Barry was heard speaking “Talk High Council now!”
He heard the firmness of Barry’s voice tone to glare at them to hear from Shad speaking “Admit what Barry?”
He realizing he was a clone of Jinks Montreal and figured he’ll refer himself as Tam-Mykola MacLeod when asked for a name. 
Tam glared in response as both speakers spoke “Meritanians transport Barry out!”
He found himself transported out via Barry’s Builder chatter and found himself dumped into a bed appearing to be twin to a medical room of the Annoyov Barrack Station to his disgust. Tam got up and made a motion to leave only to hear a sound of the bathroom’s toilet being in used by the flushing sounds. He stood and waited with arms folded glaring at the bathroom’s door to hear a sound of water running indicated the sink being in used. 
Tam waited as the ajar door opened wider showing Leader Lave entering the room who noticed him in the room spoke “I see you met my cloned copy somewhere around here by the looks of you.”
Tam exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak firmly “I am a clone.”
He got from Leader Lave in response “The Fishla is very religiously on cloning people including cloning people who they favor or find unusual like they found with me.”
Tam frowned but didn’t comment a response as he gave Leader Lave a glare and waited for the male to speak further who added sounding tired “You’re free to leave the room and go elsewhere. I’m too tired to leave. I need to sleep some more.”
He frowned as Leader Lave without a word went to the bed and laid his form down onto it ignoring him staring. He felt annoyance take hold on the ignorance left the room slamming the door with a bang sound. Tam heard nothing in response to his door slamming instead felt his mood bad again as he stalked towards the entrance to the medical bay. He found his way blocked via hands getting onto his front he unable to see who the hands’ owners were via hidden status. Tam glared halting his stomping to shut his eyes and bowed his head. He forced himself to be calm till the invisible hands were felt forcing him to kneel and he found himself hit with sleepiness by the Meritanians snickering in his mind. Tam passed out unconscious to come to feeling a poking feeling of a stick poking his front in an insisting move. He jerked open his eyes finding himself much better rested and calmer to find Leader Lave standing over him with a glare in the Fishla’s Human blue eyes. He gulped and opened his mouth to speak only to feel a hand clamped over it. 
Tam looked to find the hand’s owner was T’La who gave him a familiar sneering glare in response he recognized “You did something bad and you’re going to get punished for it.” 
Tam gulped as Leader Lave and the kid Leaders got him into the private room. 

Tam with relief from his interrogation of mind scanning by the kid Leaders and Leader Lave walked out of medical bay refraining from grimacing of pain hitting him. He sighed as he walked out and found himself compelled to go into a direction despite confused to where he was going till he found the Airens’ signed letter on the wall. He frowned as he reached the signed letter and found himself met with Airens who proceeded to sniff him all over not sparing his privates to his annoyance. Tam ignored the Airens and shut his eyes forcing himself to accept their hands’ touch. 
He found the Airens in response proceeded to bite him all over sucking his blood from within making him open his eyes and blurting “Hey!” 
Tam found himself passing out unconscious from the sucking.

Tam came to finding he kneeling while in medical bay poked onto his front via stick weapon. He jerked open his eyes finding Leader Lave was the one who stuck his stick onto his front. Tam got up without a word only to get knocked to kneel by Leader Lave’s stick weapon. He grunted out a groan but refrained from commenting a protest instead glared at Leader Lave in response. Tam waited as Leader Lave’s eyes turned all black looking making him nervous. He found memories spilling into his mind via mind scanning he saw involved the Commander of the station Yana Renova having a baby via fast growth pregnancy with Terror pointed out as the father. Tam frowned as Leader Lave got him to stand up followed by the male willing aside his all black eyed look to his relief. 
Tam frowned as Leader Lave spoke “Go help Terror baby sit the baby as you Humans say it.”
Tam obeyed to leave the medical bay finding he compelled via compulsion to go into directions he paid attention to where he went till he reached a door indicating an apartment to him. Tam waved a hand over the console and found the door opening which he heard a crying sound of a baby upset along with peering inside to find Terror looking panicky while holding onto a baby who was sounding upset.
Tam came into the quarters speaking "Let me help out with that babysitting job your given regarding your son."
Tam felt himself hit with tiredness abruptly figured it was the Meritanains doing it. He wound up instead of really helping Terror slept onto the couch and ignored the male’s attempts to wake him up during the baby heard wailing for food, burping and sleeping. Tam wound up feeling relief when the baby entered a sleeping periods as he heard Terror went to the kitchen unit. Terror’s looking around woke Tam up who awake put a hand onto the male’s arm giving the male an all black eyed glare.
Terror spoke "What? I'm hungry, my stomach is growling."
Tam in response making an eye roll as he heard Terror’s inner body kept on growling followed by speaking "When's the last time you used the private room for expelling manners hmm? You're giving off that stink involving it."
Tam added "I'll watch Tam-Mykola. Just do something about the smell of you."
 Tam went to the baby Terran as referred and picked him up from the crib and went to the couch who remained asleep on top of his front. Tam heard Terror enter the room and without a protest felt the male remove Terran who ignored the removal and remained sleeping he rolling over in response. Tam heard Terran inside the bedroom gave up a loud wailing noise he figured involving the baby’s own personal hygiene by the noise of raising Victoria baby style. Groaning Tam heard Terror proceeded with to clean the baby and bathed him in the kitchen unit's sink waking him up from sleeping to his disgust. He found Terror put the baby back into the crib who again wailed loudly of wanting something via the noises. Tam without a word wound up picking up Terran and followed by carrying him to the couch to sit leaning back with the baby sitting on his front and was rubbing the baby's back. He saw Terror frowned visibly while eyeing him rubbing Terran's back. Tam gave up humming noises sounding twin to the noises he remembered would give Victoria via baby form till he found the baby conked out.
Tam spoke while still holding Terran "So what do you know of the word love anyway?"
Terror spoke "Just lovely dopey word for Humans or Earthari to use when declaring mates with someone."
Tam’s eyes turn all black making Terror display a fear look followed by Tam using a creepy cruel voice tone "Anything else involving parents to offsprings?"
Terror appeared to gain his composure spoke "I didn't receive this parent to offspring lovely dopey thing you're asking me about. I haven't gotten the faintest idea what's it's about."
Tam gave Terror a glare with eyes narrowed followed by speaking "What's going on with your childhood anyway?"
Terror spoke in response "I didn't have a childhood. I was born fully grown adult male-"
Tam heard in his mind interrupting Terror who cut himself off "That's enough of that talk. The Queen is throwing a hissy fit from what I'm hearing from her."
Tam made his glare become more glaring "I was born fully grown adult male underneath mysterious circumstances I'm not told what it was. My earliest memory was meeting someone named Ariel and what happened after that, I'm fuzzy on the details. Can't help matters on that" Said Terror.
Tam with a frown who spoke after willing aside the all black eyed look "What did this, Ariel teach you regarding parental offspring connection hmm?"
Terror he heard spoke firmly "Can't remember much of that. I do admit I can see various images in my mind like an All Seeing One enough to think those images are my memories. It's all over the place. I've given up trusting my mind when it comes to memorizing things. Even sometimes I've dreamed myself as this person or that person's point of view when I'm fallen asleep enough to lose myself to those memories in my mind."
Tam spoke "Interesting-"
He was interrupted "Just spare me that word. Had a bad dream involving someone using that word to hypnotic people into doing things bad enough to think it as my own memory when I know it’s, someone else's point of view." He heard from Terror.
Tam added in response "Oh. Have you heard of the name of Victoria Montreal?"
Tam found Terror opened his mouth to speak only to hear in his mind "Not one word of that talk to, Horus now."
Tam figured the wording was from a Souler who knew the whole story and didn’t want Terror to talk. He gave Terror a glare who clamped his mouth and shook his head into a no gesture. Tam yawned making Terror yawn abruptly as he heard a third yawn indicating a hidden Souler. Tam ignored the hidden Souler and made himself appeared to lay his form down onto the couch still holding onto Terran and shut his eyes. Groaning he heard from Terror who went into Yana's bedroom. He heard the bed springs creak as Terror threw himself onto the bed only to hear a faint gasp as the male was forced up to stand.
Tam found his ears working fine as he heard via mind the hidden Souler who without a verbal word spoke mentally to Terror "Lying down isn't appropriate for you to sleep. You'll lose yourself to those dreams of yours like you keep doing every time you lay down. Simply sleep sitting up and you'll be fine."
Terror spoke firmly as heard "Who's Victoria Montreal and why is the name familiar to me?"
Tam went to the bedroom doors open while having a hand onto Terran who spoke with his eyes all black in his creepy voice tone "I could hear you threatening Terror by how panicky he breathed. Quit that sword poking joke and leave now."
Tam heard the Souler running away wound up stepping aside into the room leaving a foot aside to hear a crash into the living room along with a roaring sound. Tam heard Terran wailing loudly as he without a word thrust Terror the baby which the male clutched. This was followed by Tam walking out into the living room slamming the doors with a bang sound. Tam glared at the appearing Souler that was tripped that got up with a sword out appearing to threatening him. 
He spoke firmly with the Master in control “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
Tam found the Souler in response giving off a shriek of terror followed by darting out of the apartment in a fast speed move. Tam followed outside finding the Souler was knocked onto the floor via a stick weapon he saw belonged to the caned Souler standing nearby. Tam followed repeating Terror’s line finding the caned Souler was joined by Leader Lave who displayed all black eyes and gave him a glare. Tam cut himself off from talking as Leader Lave jabbed a finger at the apartment’s door and gave him a narrowed black eyed glare. 
Tam ignored Leader Lave’s finger pointing instead spoke “I deserved to know what his problem is.” 
He glared at the Souler who removed his mask via finger tapping and got from the male blaring “Yana Renova is Victoria Montreal.”
Tam stiffened hearing the words from the Souler as Leader Lave knocked the male unconscious via stick weapon hitting him onto the head. 
He gave Leader Lave a glare and spoke Terror’s familiar line only to get from the caned Souler speaking in Barry’s voice tone “The High Council cloned Victoria Montreal to do assassin work. One clone escaped them via a treed travel gate and achieved the identity of Yana Renova herself. Hence this joke said around the High Council including this clone thinking herself as Victoria Montreal a female pair of Tom Mindbender himself. Tom’s memories of Victoria have been wiped but the Meritanians via their laughter heard will make him remember enough to pursue Yana as his Victoria. It’s a joke by the Meritanians but an order by the High Council who’s hoping to get Tom Mindbender’s obsession with Victoria Montreal removed.”
Tam spoke firmly “You sure that Tom Mindbender isn’t a clone himself?”
He heard from Barry the assumed caned Souler giving off “It explains everything I know of the High Council and their perfect servant. No wonder he appears to be deathless. He’s not actually but cloned. I should have thought of that. Drat!”
Tam frowned while eyeing Barry who without a word faded from view. He heard the sound of a cane thumping into the floor as if Barry was walking away furiously.
Tam noticed Leader Lave’s glaring stare with eyes all black spoke “I’m a clone. What else would the High Council do to their Tom Mindbender except clone him like they cloned me? I suspected that when Barry admitted the High Council cloned Victoria Montreal. I suspect that the High Council has the original Tom Mindbender down in some sleeping status while they wait to clone various clones of him after each clone outlives their life spans of use.”
Tam clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and waited as Leader Lave without a word walked away like the male was angry about something. Tam groaned and without a word forced himself to go back inside the apartment which he went to the bedroom. He found Terror sleeping with the baby lying onto his lap from the male in a sitting cross legged position. Tam got from Terror in response his familiar line to his disgust. 
Terror added speaking "Just spare me whatever secret you know."
Tam didn’t say a word as Terran gave up a wailing noise and refused to quiet down. Terror, he heard didn’t give a protest as he snatched Terran from the male who quit wailing to coo while held by him. 
Tam felt himself annoyed as he snarled via compulsion of the Meritanians putting the words into his mouth "Why is Yana Renova admitting to being Victoria Montreal, my daughter via recording her saying that in front of you?"
Terror spoke firmly "I spoke my line involving forgiveness and that's what I got from her. Don't ask me what I'm supposed to be doing to this situation-"
Tam recalled Jinks’ choking ability via Master in control willed forwards his all black eyed look and held a hand in Terror’s direction mentally speaking “Choke.”
He heard Terror choking as Terran was silently held in an arm's grip. 
Tam spoke "Something you want to admit Terror as you call yourself?"
 "What? I'm babysitting Terran here-" Tam got from Terror as he interrupted the male to again choke him.
Tam wound up speaking as if compelled “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.”
He got from Terror after freeing him from choking "I'm Terror, a creation of the Soulers."
Tam found the scene changed to find himself into the High Council's throne room with there still holding Terran cutting Terror’s wording off. 
Tam heard from the Speakers in unison “Forgiveness? Confess your crime.” Including hearing from Terror "I am the male to the Queen the Tennans for only I can mate with her and no other male period."
Tam kept a hold onto Terran while feeling Tom or clone of him restraining him from behind bony hands onto his arms. He eyed Terror to find the Falcons were restraining the male. 
Tam glared at the High Council as Shad spoke "Interesting that the Soulers are desperate to keep this fact to themselves instead of sharing this with us. Hence the hissy fit their throwing on their warship according to the Meritanians Tank and Merra telling us this."
Tam heard from Terror speaking firmly "You, High Council is seeing Mindbender, as your own offspring who is acting like a spoiled brat not getting it that his female deserves to have her own life."
Tam exhaled a breath while eyeing Terror who clamped his mouth into a thin line and waited as both speakers spoke "Transport this Terror out with Horus now!"
Tam found himself back into Yana's quarters with Terror next to him as he was still holding onto Terran. Tam willed aside the Master and stepped back giving Terror a glare with his Human blue eyes with accusation in them avoiding the male’s attempts to take the baby.
Tam kept the glare in response as Terror spoke "I saw in my mind that there was a Mindbender, an Earthari male before Tom who the High Council saw as an offspring like terms enough to say it to that male's presence. The Mindbender back then was accepting to those words. Enough to do anything what the High Council ordered even assassinate his own Father. I saw this in my mind when in presence of the High Council. I suspect that their seeing Tom with this view in question. Hence they letting him get away with his hissy fit regarding Victoria."
Tam walked forwards and thrust Terror the baby which the male took. 
Tam wound up speaking despite was heard creepy voice speaking despite Human blue eyes "Anything you want to admit being born fully grown adult?"
Tam heard growling noises of Tennans above him to recognize the noise was Tennans' speak "Shut up and don't talk more of this."
Terror spoke as if listening to the Tennans’ growling "I have an agreement with the Tennans not to mention further details of my existence or the reason why I'm their ambassador in question."
Tam glared at Terror who clamped his mouth shut and walked away ignoring him to sit down onto the rugged floor followed by putting Terran down onto the male’s lap who remained sleeping. 
Terror added "Something I can do for you Jinks?"
Tam glared ignoring the name of Jinks used and didn’t correct Terror instead kept the glare. 
He while hearing silence from the Tennans above him spoke Terror’s familiar forgiveness line and found Terror speaking in response "It was I, not Barry who mated with a Tennan Airhead style that formed the Commandant, telepath, in the process as in body exploding to show him in place of it. The Commandant used Victoria Montreal as his own servant dubbed Yana Renova and shared that attitude towards me and whoever had special abilities to keep him alive. That's all I remember. Don't ask me further."
Tam ignored Terror’s wording of not asking him further questions instead kept on speaking Terror’s familiar line find the male speaking "The Soulers created me out of experiments with the Tennans as in capturing one and doing experiments onto one to create a Humanoid which I wound up created in the process via tube and from a Tennan's body. The Tennans threw a hissy fit as a result due to that their all connected via mind and weren't pleased. The Tennans' Queen was created by the Soulers manipulating a warship dubbed Tolyatti or pieces of it to form her in response to the Tennans' hissy fit. The Queen, the original, wound up favoring me as an offspring and kept me around her too much despite I identified as various other forms of manoid life a view that got passed down onto other Queens. The Tennans as a result have thrown wars for getting me into their possession a favors attitude towards me including taking out other planetary worlds in their attempts to possessive me."
Tam eyed Terror as he hearing Tennan growling noises sounding loudly which the male added "Their not happy with what I said to you by the noises their making."
Tam with annoyance looked up at the ceiling before walking away and not commenting a word to walk to the living room part of the apartment slamming the sliding doors. He found the Tennanas dropping onto him from above after he threw himself onto the couch. Tam found the Tennans in response thudding onto the floor including tipping the couch sideways as they landed onto him followed by poking him with their claws into an angry move. Tam gave up Humph sounds and ignored the Tennans felt poking him all over as he lay onto the couch. He felt relief when the poking was interrupted by Terran giving off his hungry wailing noises he sighed while groaning from lying on top of the couch while shaking his head. Tam wound up hit with pain till he felt the couch move which made him get up into an acrobatic move. 
Terror spoke "Relax it's just me."
Tam gave Terror a glare and spoke after giving the male an all black eyed glare Terror’s familiar forgiveness line. Terror he glared at wound up blurting what he saw involving Tom verbatim including hearing the voice tone of Tom's speaking his loyalty words to the High Council.
This was followed by Terror speaking "Anything else you want to know, Jinks since I'm nothing but a damned library for secrets to be blabbed?"
Tam with a glare willed aside the Master and spoke "Get off the couch now, Terror. I have to right it before Yana as she calls herself daughter mine comes back into here."
Tam found Terror obeyed to get off the couch which he with great strength set the couch to order followed by sitting on it crossing his legs and giving the male a glare. 
He found the door to the quarters open followed by a female twin to Victoria Montreal via looks of her coming into sight into the apartment.
Tam exhaled a breath of shock recognition within him as he saw her who spoke "What did you do to my couch?"
Terror was heard spoke "He slept in it what else?"
Tam eyed Yana he assumed was her name who gave Terror a glare in response followed by her snatching Terran out of his arms bottle and all and she speaking in a familiar voice tone "Terror, go play with the Tennans since you're their ambassador and leave me alone with Leader Jinks now."
Tam found Terror obeying didn't comment a response walked out of the quarters towards the hallway only to hear a sound of a fist connect with the male’s face. Tam smirked seeing Terror fisted who fell backwards to land into the apartment. 
He smirked a bit as Terror shook the pain to hear "Get out and take your battle out of my quarters now!"
He saw a male with short black hair wearing smooth uniform of an Earthari giving Terror a golden eyed glare with black facial hair that grabbed the male by the throat and with great strength hauled him out of the apartment. Tam found Yana ordering the door shut behind the both of Terror and the male grabbing him. 
He eyed Yana with a frown that gave him a glare in response and got from her snarling angrily “Just get me back to Tom Mindbender as my mate and husband when you can.”
Tam groaned softly and rubbed a hand over his eyes he rolling them then focused onto Yana who thrust a finger at the door and snarled still angry “Get out daddy!”
Tam heard her voice tone was anger and without a word towards the daddy comment left the apartment to go to the garden’s entrance. He stood waiting a seemingly lengthy time period as if compelled by the Meritanians to his disgust. He frowned as he sensed himself filmed via senses blaring to notice a camera drone floating within vicinity via the ceiling he noticed. Tam forced himself to ignore the camera drone floating silently filming him as he found Terror coming into sight to walk up to him from the garden. He was ignored by Terror who appeared to not to pay attention to walk inside. Tam willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards the garden’s door hearing the door slam closed with a bang sound he noticed Terror looking his direction. 
"Yana Renova is Victoria Montreal." Terror spoke as Tam made he didn't look surprised to what the male said as the man added "Just get her back with Tom for him to have a purpose to live."
Terror continued as Tam kept the glare "I heard his voice when he spoke the words of loyalty towards the High Council who view him as an offspring. He spoke like he didn't have anything worth living except serving them which is what I saw via my mind like an All Seeing One. It's my ability I have at the moment in my mind."
Tam wound up given a glare by Terror who spoke the familiar forgiveness line only to get himself snarling from memories of Jinks in his mind "Tom's obsessed with Victoria enough to see her as an object a piece of property instead of a living being who has a life other than just amusing him. He's obsessed to the point that he wants her with him all the time and refused to accept that she's got a life doing her own thing."
Tam got from Terror speaking his familiar line as the Airens made an appearance appearing to be trying to sooth him he hearing comments "Why mad? Mad? What's mad? Bad mad?"
Terror spoke as Tam kept on glaring at the male "The High Council called Tom by the words, my son, repeatedly via their speakers when he spoke his words of loyalty via his voice sounding dead and monotone. It's like their seeing him as their offspring something they saw with a preceding servant of theirs who's also named Mindbender but he was more Human and an assassin."
Tam spoke "Get out of here, Terror. I'm furious with what's going on and leave before I use you as a punching bag."
Tam saw Terror obey with a groan heard from the male while hearing the Airens' comment "Creepy creep scary-"
The dream was interrupted by a voice sounding Meritanian speaking in response putting the dreamer into wakefulness speaking “Shouldn’t you be up from bed?”
The dreamer felt annoyance take hold hearing that comment remained into his tube asleep as compelled. The dreamer recalled the Airens in response bit Tam onto the body and seemed to suck him to death as a result of something they were displeased with. The dreamer wound up seeing via his mind of the soul of Tam the clone meeting the Guardian of Life and Death actually despite unable to see what the Guardian looked like. The Guardian spoke as the traveler’s gate ended images “I am the Guardian of Life and Death. I will judge you on my scales of your life.”
The soul standing in front of the Guardian wound up having their soul taken out and put onto the scales of the Guardian of Life and Death. The scales tipped back and forth till it ended onto one side heavy sided indicated. There was a feminine shriek of joy heard by the soul and the Guardian.
The soul wound up back into the body appearing to be a male this time as the Guardian spoke “Life is chosen for you. Be gone out of Egyptia to where you’re to go.”
The Guardian wound up putting clawed hands in front of his mouth into a blow movement and the soul found themselves flying out of Egyptia as the place of the dead’s judgment was called. The soul traveled till they reached a body of a young male aged in twenties and entered him. The male woke up with a start opening Human blue eyes lying on a one person bed in a room with tan brown walls. He could see the room was narrow and thin with one full arm length from the bed’s longest sides. He got up from the bed and stood up shaking his head then rubbed a hand on his head through his black wavy hair that fell just below his shoulders. He went to the bed to sit and frowned as a memory of himself wearing odd clothing that made him think it was strange on his form flashed in his mind. The clothes he saw was foreign showing slipper shoes on his feet, tights, a top that was long sleeve and some vest dress covered his form. He grimaced as he saw some sneering look was on his face while seated on an animal. He figured out from memory was a horse with others behind him wearing identical clothes some having faces bared. He saw that they were all males like him some with facial hair and seated on horses while some were standing. The young male grimaced of the memory from him self’s facial expression that bothered him. He recalled himself dismounted along with ten other men and started walking on a grass fields his facial appearance changing from sneering to glare. The young male frowned thinking of the dream unsure of whom he was fully in his mind. He recalled to himself dreaming repeatedly for a few nights of a male wearing some outfit of blue leggings white slipper shoes, with a picture of a red bird onto a white tunic while wearing a crown of yellow gold with red rubies onto it. 
The male spoke as always the same comment “You’ll remember who you are. You will acknowledge me.”
The young male recalled given the name of Jinks Montreal by the mysterious voice in his mind. The voice’s owner mysteriously refused to explain why they had him given his name. Jinks found himself out of his body via transportation to a house inside kept inside. He found himself paced inside the house looking out the window. The light was gone and the stars were shining with a maelstrom of yellowy like sky. He grumbled remembering the argument with Tank a Meritanian. He was trapped into the Hall of One Thousand Voices’ tube since the High Council captured him and cloned multiple times. Jinks recalled the argument with Tank involved himself freed from containment and freed to live his life on planet Aire as the world was called instead of the Shadan name. 
Tank had balked freeing him instead told him in response “Stop asking me that request. I’m so sick of hearing that silly request from you. So stop asking me.”
Jinks had obeyed in response and quit asking Tank instead had started to plead to Merra “Free me now, Merra!”
Merra in response echoed Tank’s words in a feminine voice tone followed by snickering like laughter in response as she and Tank told jokes. He felt disgust in response gave up that noise and kept on listening to the other voices in the Hall of One Thousand Voices.
Jinks figuring to he “I’m not going to get freed from this prison. Ugh.”
He heard a voice speaking in response to his comment “This prison is for people contained for their safety while planet Aire undergoes a problem at the moment.”
Jinks grunted in response to the familiar voice sounding feminine and familiar to him but sounded Meritanian instead of Merra’s voice. He figured the feminine voice belonged to Erra or Terra but wasn’t sure which Meritanian spoke that wording. Jinks felt disgust take hold as he remained into the Hall of One Thousand Voices to his disgust. 
He heard yipping of a dog barking including hearing “Shut up that damned mongrel now!”
Jinks spoke in response “Language isn’t appropriate!”
He heard in response “Oh go to sleep, daddy!”
Jinks frowned hearing the word daddy spoken aimed at him as he heard the voice sounded feminine and familiar to him like he knew her someplace. Jinks frowned but didn’t comment a response as he found himself passing out unconscious. 

Tam as assumed via clone of Jinks Montreal the original dreaming stood in the High Council's throne room seeing Shad and Onya stab Tom via the back. 
He heard "Tom!"
Tam stiffened when he saw hands from underneath Tom wraps themselves around the male’s neck and stiffened from the voice sounding of Victoria in panic. Tam eyed the High Council finding only dolls remained in their seats as Shad and Onya kept stabbing Tom. He willed forwards the Master and waved a hand towards Shad and Onya finding them both halted their stabbing to go pass the throne chairs and up the stairs via the open doorway followed by the door shutting closed. He darted up the stairs and went to Tom who remained still and yanked the male off of Victoria who ignored him to place her form on top of Tom's while kissing him on the lips she heard crying the male's name. Tam sighed and picked up Tom with great strength and found Victoria not protesting to it disappearing in a light show. He found himself smelling salt air to find he surrounded by Soulers with swords drawn while on their warship. 
Tam placed Tom down and spoke firmly "Just help him he saved my daughter's life."
He found himself transported out in response to find he back in Victoria's quarters on the station Annoyov Barrack finding Victoria lying on the bed asleep. He wound up going to next to her seated that gave a glare as Terror entered the room.
Tam spoke Terror’s speaking his familiar line which Terror wound up speaking "Tam gave up his life for Tom to live again. He lives, as an offspring and favored servant of the High Council."
Tam spoke "Just take a nap or something. You look like you could use the sleep."
Terror, he saw obeyed as he felt disgust take hold rubbed a hand over his scarred cheek he felt was shaped into a Kang mark another term by the Earthari. He kept on rubbing the area feeling his disgust take hold to shift towards Victoria who had a sad look on her face with eyes shut and breathing deep. Tam eyed Victoria's face to notice she had a Kang scar mark on the area on her cheek as she lay asleep ignoring him staring. Tam felt his mood plummet felt a compulsion to get up obeyed to find himself in presence of the Soulers he found two of them in the High Council's throne room with faces bared. 
Tam didn't comment a response to hear loudly "Talk, Jinks Montreal on what you're not admitting."
He exhaled a breath hearing Terror's familiar line involving forgiveness spoken by the voice of the Souler to find he inhaling and speaking as if compelled "I'm nothing but a troublemaker as seen by the High Council who keep associating me with an annoyance God. They refused to accept that I'm nothing but a tool by this God and not the actual God despite able to shift my form into his image. I'm sick of this attitude towards me enough to do anything to stop it. The High Council accepted my daughter Victoria as a treasured servant but refused to do that attitude towards me. I find that they accepted Victoria easily but have refused to accept me. It's acceptance I want from someone even anybody even though my acceptance from a female has ended too much time ago."
Tam formed a glare while eyeing the High Council with accusation in his eyes. 
He heard within his mind "Just speak the words of Terror and the High Council will admit what they should admit."
He obeyed to hear from both speakers speaking in unison "Anyan, stop rejecting your son, Shad and accept him."
Tam exhaled a breath hearing that from both speakers as he noticed the High Council behind them were dolls and not the actual members as both Soulers he saw walked out of the room without a word towards him. Tam didn't comment a response to the Soulers' leaving instead waved a hand to make the speakers walk away. He found his order obeyed followed by transported out to Victoria's presence seeing her remained asleep in bed and saw that she had tears streaming from her closed eyes. Tam went to sit down on the bed before getting up to go to Terror. Tam’s hand onto Terror’s shoulder was felt by the male shaking him awake. 
Tam spoke "Anyan and Shad what's their story?"
Tam recalled the story as if compelled heard Terror spoke it firmly including adding "Anyan and Shad were led to believe that they were brothers. Not father and son. The High Council's attitude towards Shad was in placement of the male needing someone to parent him he wasn't getting from his father or his raisers. Hence he doing whatever he could assassin wise to get that connection. It's appearing to give him a purpose to live actually."
Tam didn't comment a response to Terror’s story instead went back to Victoria to sit onto the bed with eyes sensed staring at the floor-
“Argh! Hate it when you do that!” The dreamer who assumed himself as Jinks Montreal original contained in the tube when he’s not as said by the Meritanian Merra.
Merra continued the tale to original of cloned statuses Victoria Montreal typing this story down via laptop computer while nearby the tube containing Tam-Mykola MacLeod the actual son of Jinks Montreal, her brother.

Tam heard moaning sounds of pleasure sounding within the room to frown focusing onto the room. He sighed seeing Victoria and Tom both appearing to be naked into a mating ritual involving Tom's sucking onto Victoria's nipples while on the bed ignoring him standing nearby watching them with arms folded. He heard the moans getting louder groaned softly and opened his eyes to focus onto the couple who ignored him staring. He shifted towards Victoria and Tom with his own eyes finding them both still in their mating ritual ignoring the audience staring at them. Tam sighed as Tom managed to quit his sucking onto Victoria's nipples followed by appearing to enter her with his sensitive part her legs wrapping around Tom's middle into some tight hold. He kept on watching as Tom and Victoria continued on their lovemaking he figured he'll refer it as they both ignored being spied on. Tam sighed softly and kept his mouth shut once Tom gave off a roar and Victoria giving off a shriek of pleasure. He sighed again as Tom collapsed on top of Victoria and remained still as Victoria's hands he saw was onto the back of Tom's neck. Tam frowned but didn't comment a response as Tom adjusted his position to kiss Victoria on the lips she accepting him doing it and both appeared to be lengthy with their kissy faced status. 
Tam sighed and shut his eyes figuring to himself "Just let them be."
Tam again heard moaning noises to focus onto via his eyes onto the lovers finding them both seemed lengthy with their mating rituals onto each other with exchanges of positions of who took the top. He found them both appearing to be accepting of the position exchanges including doing repeated intercourse lovemaking onto each other. Tam sighed and opened his eyes to eye them who ignored him staring and kept on watching Tom and Victoria mating. He shifted to eye Tom and Victoria going into another intercourse mating ritual. This time, he saw Victoria on top of Tom with Tom's hands onto her breasts fondling the nipples and her going up and down the male's sensitive part length while appearing to be enjoying it. Tam frowned as Tom gave up another roar he figured involved spilling himself inside Victoria as she gave up another shriek. He sighed as Tom removed his hands off Victoria's breasts and heard no protest from the male as Victoria removed herself off of him to get up from the bed going into the bathroom. Tam found Tom without a word disappearing into a light show as he sensed Terror eyeing him while clearing the male heard clearing his throat. Tam wound up displaying his familiar creepy eyed look in response while glaring at Terror with accusation.
Terror spoke in response "Tennans made it clear I'm not to pair myself to any females except whoever they chose for me for this pairing. It's a deal I made as being their Ambassador and a part of their species despite having an Earthari form."
Tam spoke using his creepy voice tone "You sound like something not being admitted."
Tam wound up speaking Terror’s familiar line found the male speaking "Anatomy impossible for me to create manoids like babies with manoid females like Earthari. I can create entities if I mate with females like Earthari but that's about it. As for mating Airhead style with Tennans if you get my meaning, can result into full grown manoids forming from the body of a Tennan into either Gate Destroyers or Telepaths. Both are another form of Earthari species from Terra that survived to live here in this station."
Tam found Terror clamped his mouth shut into a thin line to feel a sword point poking his back he ignored while staring at Terror as he spoke "You said enough judging by that Souler poking you with that sword trick again. Your breathing sucks."
Terror was heard exhaled a breath finding the Souler quit poking him via sword point. Tam wound up walking out of the bedroom slamming the door. Tam felt fists connecting with his front over and over while in the living room. He grunted in response unseeing the fists till he felt himself falling backwards into arms. He heard Terror in his ear spoke his familiar line again only to hear a shriek as the door to the quarters banged shut. 
Tam felt Terror push off of him he spoke firmly ignoring Victoria eavesdropping "I keep trying to convince the Soulers to avoid sticking their swords onto people when they don't want people to talk. Just use words for that but their not getting the message. Instead are using me as target practice for sword swinging."
Terror frowned but went to the couch finding it fallen onto its back again. Terror ignored Tam and Victoria watching the male as he pulled the couch back into its familiar position and without a word went to sit down onto it crossing his legs. 
Terror spoke as a faint growl was heard from the male "I admit it I'm clueless when it comes to needing food, expelling or cleaning for my body. I have mistaken my stomach's grumbling as food when it's involved with something else too many times to count. Hence those Tennans' entities inhibiting me to tell me what I need to do with my body on the word of a Tennan. Excuse me I feel like eating but it could be something else."
Victoria clad in her Earthari’s uniform went to the kitchen unit. Tam wound up joined Terror onto the couch crossing his legs. Tam found Victoria handing him and Terror plates of food with utensils which he felt himself hungry ate the food. He found Victoria seated onto a stool and hungrily eating her food in a fast motion. 
Tam waited as Victoria ate all her food and same for Terror to hear the male to speak "What's the official story involving Tam?"
Tam gave up a throat clearing noise to frown while eyeing Victoria who banged the dishwashing machine's cover with a loud thrusting noise. 
He saw her eyes were all black in response followed by Terror heard speaking "Alright bad subject to speak. Pardon me."
Terror got up and placed his dish and utensil onto the counter and made a movement to walk out which Tam saw Victoria wave a hand towards the male who halted his walking. Victoria heard speaking Terror’s familiar line found the male speaking what he admitted to Tam involving mating with females. Tam kept his mouth clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and peered at Victoria. He found Victoria walking around to face Terror followed by waving a hand and he figured the male felt his deadness gone. Tam hear hissing sounds of entities to find two flying by between Terror and Victoria doing some ramming bang move onto each other and onto the male’s back. 
He ignored them to hear Terror speaking "Want me gone from your quarters, Victoria?"
Victoria he got in response shook her head and willed aside her creepy eyed look showing Human blues. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke "Just tell them if anyone asks that Tam sacrificed his life for my love of my life to live again. Tank sort of told me that the High Council is thinking of having Tom assimilated into the station population with relationship between the both of us known publicity. I can't say what else the High Council is up to and I don't care to know as long as I'm with Tom period."
Tam frowned as Victoria without a word walked away out of the quarters and out of sight with the door slamming shut behind her.
Tam spoke firmly "Typical daughter mine never fully explaining anything despite indicating it via her voice."
Terror spoke "Let's get out of here and see what the station needs us to do. You as Leader, me as whatever."
Terror walked forwards only to halt when Tam waved a hand as if the male found deadness hitting his feet. Tam wound up walking in sight giving Terror a glare with eyes narrowed displaying the all black eyed glare. 
Terror appeared to frown visibly as Tam spoke "You mated with daughter mine and hurt her?"
Tam heard his voice sounded angry as he proceeded to interrogate Terror on the male’s mating with Victoria and creating the entities in the process to his annoyance.

Yevgeny added once the sun set on the horizon still compelled via Meritanian to speak further of his story.

The soul being judged had the Guardian of Life and Death also known as Nikolai judging his soul. The soul Tam-Mykola MacLeod had his soul judged by Nikolai.
Nikolai spoke once the soul’s judgment was done via his scale “Life is what’s chosen for you. Be gone from Humania out of my sight now.”
Tam-Mykola MacLeod wound up finding himself blown backwards towards the darkness of space where Edenia orbits her Mother Humania. He wound up flying out of Humania towards a planet as if drawn to reach an island where inside was a tube holding a figure inside its caved walls. The tube wound up going horizontal and spit out the figure Tam-Mykola MacLeod himself the original freed from an eternal containment of being cloned by the High Council to live his life on the planetary world of Aire.

Yevgeny stopped talking once the sunlight was dim and spoke "There's more to the story but that'll have to wait another sun's arrival time for you offsprings to go to bed so go now." 
He eyed the Hayu offsprings that had seemed excited by his story telling and were looking dejected by the expressions on their faces as they got up without a word but groans were heard coming from them. He exhaled a breath and heard ahem noise from Nikolas seated on the log next to him who gave him a glaring expression. He figured meant that he was to go to his hut and go to bed himself. He didn't protest or comment a word towards Nikolas instead got up and stretched his arms above him stiff from sitting on the log so long telling the offsprings the story he dreamed of. Yevgeny went to the hut where he found Mahalia his mate seated outside sewing a hole in a piece of clothing he recognized belonged to one of the offsprings' shirts. It’s from seeing one of them bare of a top ignoring the weather elements around them while staring at him unblinkingly as he told the story. 
He eyed her as she spoke "I sat next to you on the log telling most of the story. You were appearing to not notice me sitting. I noticed one of the offsprings had a hole in his top. I took off of him he ignoring me and appearing to be more interested in you telling the story. I went to sew the hole shut. I'm almost done with the sewing and will get it to him in the morning. I don't want him begging me to tell him a story if I give him the shirt now. Despite hearing complaints from others visiting the offsprings in huts during sleeping periods of them waking up and whining on wanting a story to be told to. Them refusing to go back to sleep including refusing to stay in their huts for the lunar cycle time out and following anyone of us around still with their tell a story pleading." 
Yevgeny groaned loudly as Mahalia got up without a word and walked inside the hut still carrying the shirt. He followed her inside to find her folding the top near their bed of blankets in there. He didn't comment a response as Mahalia laid her form down onto the hut's blankets pulling a part of it up to her chest. He copied her movements getting he lying next to her and exhaled a breath as he forced himself to shut his eyes sleeping more dreams for stories to tell the offsprings. 

End
