YOU CAN NEVER GO HOME AGAIN
By Peter Butterworth



Published by Peter Butterworth



Copyright 2011/ This edition 2015 Peter Butterworth

ISBN – 9781458183392




Website: butterworththewriter.com

FACEBOOK
(I may be the only Peter Butterworth from the USA.)

LinkedIn.com



CONTENTS


Title Page

Contents

Part 1
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve

Part II
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight

Part III
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight

Part IV
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight

Part V
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four

The End

Essay:
Ideology versus Scientific Ethics

Other Books by Peter Butterworth

About the Author


YOU CAN NEVER GO HOME AGAIN


PART I
CHAPTER ONE


Dr. Jonathan Prezlee walked along the ramping tunnel to board the Australian Airlines flight 716 bound for San Francisco. He was still enjoying the perfect weather of Oahu and wasn’t paying any attention to his surroundings. He loved the weather of Hawaii, “it’s like a drug. It just makes you feel better. It’s tangible. It caresses your skin” he would tell any and all who hadn’t visited the islands.
And happy was he to be flying in the morning, as he’ll arrive in the good weather of the San Francisco/ Bay Area in the early afternoon. He was wool gathering as his mother had been wont to admonish him and wasn’t paying attention to where he was going.
As he entered the plane through the open hatch he started to turn to the right. He had always turned to the right. This time the stewardess, or flight attendant he tried to remember, stopped him and waved him to the left. The first class seats. He was confused for a second then remembered he had allowed himself to be bumped and have a layover in Honolulu which was no hardship and was rewarded with seating in first class.
First class! And he smiled widely. He had to say it, “this way to the first class seats?” and the best looking stewardess, right, flight attendant, smiled a smile she had smiled thousands of times though Jonathan was oblivious to it. She directed him to the first class compartment. Yes, the first class section. Life was wonderful.
Jonathan took the window seat. There was plenty of empty seats and the one next to him was unoccupied so he had choices which was a very nice option to have. But he’d stay next to the window. Maybe later in the flight the stewardess, flight attendant, would sit next to him and flirt. Hey, one never knew.
He was amazed at the amount of room he had. The seat, in first class, was huge. Okay, maybe huge was a bit overstated but only slightly an overstatement. In comparison to regular class he could only think huge. He could actually see leftover seat on either side of his hips. He had copious, could that be correct, abundant, no perhaps plentiful room for his legs. He had almost too much elbow room. He hadn’t a chair in his flat with this much room.
And, Prezlee was not a small man. Though the smallest on any basketball court he had played on after the age of fifteen he was still taller than most other people at six foot one and a solid two hundred and five pounds.
He had to be solid for his line of work. He was a geologist. A field geologist. Not some bozo who had a desk and spent all day poring over maps. No. He was out in the dirt. He wandered. He explored. He camped out and slept on the ground even if he didn’t have to. “Good for your back” he would explain. Perhaps it was.
He sort of noticed the other passengers in the first class section though he sort of didn’t. Ah, five hours in first class. Maybe there would be a head wind and he could enjoy the comfort for five and a half hours.
A complimentary glass of champagne? Why certainly and he hoped he hadn’t seemed too much like a rube as he smiled with, he trusted, only a modicum of brief confusion.
Jonathan settled into the seat, the first class seat and considered what he would do to first pass the time. He had the letter from the dean of natural sciences at the University of Hawaii-Manoa offering him a position in the department. A full professorship.
Although he loved Hawaii he had spent enough time in the islands to understand there wasn’t the intellectual life there that interested him. The cinemas only played the five top grossing Hollywood films which bored him and hardly any Broadway shows were performed there. And when they came to town it was nearly impossible to get a ticket.
One had to be very sociable in Hawaii. You had to enjoy to ‘talk story.’ You spent a lot of time with friends.
Yet, he did particularly like the idea of never having to make appointments to see friends and socialize. Hawaii was like the east coast where he had grown up. Very similar in that respect. You just drove over and visited.
And, if your friend wasn’t home you went to see another friend or maybe before you could do this some friends would drop by. This was life in the islands. “Bruddah, no need phone.” Just a “howzit, brah?” and life in paradise continued on as waves eternal caressed its shores.
Although Jonathan really cared for his friends he also had a solitary nature to some extent and loved to hike or just wander around alone. The Ko’olau’s were a nice hike but the hikes in California, especially in the Sierras were the best. He did miss the hikes in Yosemite. This thought triggered a painful memory and wondered if he was still persona non grata there.
He frowned as this unwanted memory emerged. Why hold onto a theory just because one was told to? Facts were facts and you don’t change the facts to fit the theory you change the theory to fit the facts. And the theory didn’t fit the facts; the phenomena of nature as it were. The conclusion seemed inescapable to him and yet he was alone in his conclusion as far as he could tell.
He thought back on that beautiful spring day in Yosemite. A day remembered quite clearly though nearly fifteen years has elapsed. He had been waiting for his girlfriend, a stroller or maybe an ambler, though definitely not a hiker.
He waited near one of the Valley ranger stations as a crowd of tourists approached for the usual talk by one of the park rangers. He had been admiring El Capitan and not paying any attention to the others when he heard the female ranger say that the creation of the granite face which is named El Capitan took thousands of years.
He couldn’t help himself. He just blurted out, “you’ve got to be kidding?” It was this type of impulsive remark which cost him a measure of endearment with not so few of his professors.
The female ranger took the binoculars away from her eyes and glared at him for a second. Well, actually two and a half seconds but said nothing and was prepared to continue with the lecture when one of the tourists commented, “what do you mean by that?”
Jonathan may have remained silent, okay, probably he would have remained quiet for a few seconds only but when the park ranger, and not all that bad looking either, snorted and said, “he doesn’t mean anything by it” the gauntlet was thrown down.
“So miss ranger you don’t accept science?”
She turned to him and he could see her name above her breast pocket was Sarah. She cocked her head and her eyebrows furled. “Huh?”
“If you don’t accept erosion as part of science…?”
“What are you talking about?” She was a little short with this retort but he decided not to notice.
“Erosion. You cannot accept erosion and still maintain that this granite face took thousands of years to look as it does.”
She looked at him as if he was speaking Greek. In a sense he was. Although she was intuitively uncomfortable with the potential he was intimating she decided she could not let this pass.
“Explain yourself.” He was more than happy to.
“There are few truisms in life but one is that any surface, especially one with sharp edges, will through erosion - wind, rain, heat and cold, etc. - will become rounded.”
“Yes, of course, everyone knows that.” Miss ranger couldn’t help it. She smirked.
“Then perhaps, ah, Sarah, you have really bad eyesight.”
She knitted her eyebrows and frowned just a little. The other park ranger had now joined the group and was listening to this conversation though he had not been following it. He was there to be supportive. It was his co as in co-worker, co-ranger, co-government GS something or other who was possibly under attack. His pose of eager anticipation was there for all to see. Ready to jump in when needed.
After a few silent seconds she rose to the bait.
“My eyesight is just fine. And I have the binocs.”
“Then Sarah,” she wasn’t as attractive when she was angry, “could you look through your binocs and spot an edge near the bottom?”
She waited for a few moments then placed the binoculars to her eyes muttering, “I’ll humor you.”
“Yes, I see a particularly long edge near the scree. It’s very,” with emphasis, “very sharp. As to be expected.”
“Now look at an edge near the top.”
This she did. And visibly started. She again looked to the edge near the bottom and just as quickly brought the binoculars to the edge near the summit. Up to the top of El Capitan. Down to the bottom of the granite edifice.
“Well, that doesn’t make…that can’t be.” She moved the binoculars from top to bottom. The other park ranger asked to use the binoculars. Asked in a nice but firm way; he didn’t want to have Sarah lose face. But he really wanted to put this stranger in his place.
The male park ranger, the name of Thomas was on his left breast, looked at the top of El Capitan then brought the binoculars to the bottom. He mimicked what Sarah had done, going from the top then to the bottom hardly more than a few seconds at each sighting.
Finally, one of the tourists couldn’t contain himself and asked what they were seeing. Jonathan turned to him.
“They are seeing it for the first time I imagine. That is, there is no more roundedness to the edges at the top than there is to the edges near the bottom. The same sharpness in the edges appears. If he looked to the middle of El Capitan he would see the same sharp features.” Thomas focused the binoculars in the middle of El Capitan.
“Damn” he said after awhile.
“But what does it mean?” asked the bold tourist.
“It means that the face of El Capitan, the full face we’re looking at, was created at the same time.”
“Ah,” said Thomas the ranger. “It was the glacier which caused this.”
“Really?!!”
“Yes, really!!” Thomas with irritation handed back the binoculars to Sarah.
“Then why, pray tell, do these sharp edges go in every direction? And why, again pray tell, are there sharp edges? No matter how fast, or slow a glacier would move the sheer mass, pressure and friction would eliminate any edge. Lateral abrasion would be visible only. Answer me that!”
Thomas was clearly upset. “Better minds than mine have figured this out so though I cannot tell you exactly what you should know, you are wrong.” And with that he stormed away leaving Sarah holding the proverbial bag.
She looked at Jonathan and told him he was wrong and to go away. Thomas returned from the ranger’s station and took a Polaroid photo of him.
“The facts speak for themselves. And why are you so mad?”
Thomas went back to the ranger’s station and tacked up Jonathan’s photo on the bulletin board just beside the door. He wrote underneath it, do not talk to or engage this person (Jonathan noticed that Thomas the ranger wrote person not man). He hates science.
Jonathan was himself becoming heated and wouldn’t back down, “I’m using science to prove your conclusion incorrect. I am a scientist in a PhD program if you must know. The facts are undeniable and the facts are scientific and science supports my content…”
“Where is your school?”
“What?”
“Where do you go to school?”
“What has that got to do with…?”
“Is it some mail order school?”
“What?” Jonathan was indignant. “No, it’s USF in San Fran.”
“Then I’ll have a talk with them.” And with that Thomas stormed into the ranger’s station.
Jonathan turned to engage Sarah but miss ranger had taken the tourists on the walk. He saw Jenny, the girl he had been dating for three months, another USF student, finishing her masters in business standing in the modest clearing. She had her arms folded across her chest, and a very nice chest it was, and was shaking her head.
As he walked off the porch and approached her she said to him, “must you get in an argument everywhere we go?”
Jonathan started to explain that these park rangers thought they were using science when, in fact, they were not. And that, in fact, he was being the scientist. But before he could finish she turned and began walking toward Mirror Lake. He frowned then shrugged and caught up with her.
The relationship didn’t last the week. When he returned to class ten days later he was given a talk by the head of the geology department. Well, threatened rather than talked to. In no uncertain terms was he to continue with this line of reasoning nor could he bring it up in any of his classes. His doctorate would be in jeopardy he was made to understand.
Jonathan briefly considered changing his doctoral theses to study this phenomena of vigorous anti-science by scientists but he was maybe a year away (of diligent work for which he was not famous for) from finishing. And he had promised his dying mother that he would get his Ph.D. He was the first in his family to even attend college.
Yet that chat with the dean had scared him. Not that it changed the way he thought. But it made him realize a thing called power and how he was at the mercy of others. This shocked him. To be shackled, to be forced to conform to something that’s incorrect irked him. And, there was nothing he could do about it and this knowledge grieved him as well.
Even if he was incorrect the subject should be debated but no one was willing to do this. This didn’t make much sense to his underlying idealism but it was something he never forgot.
Just thinking about it now irritated him and put him in a less-than-happy mood. So, he looked out the window as the plane was gaining altitude and about to enter the cloud cover. His unconscious frown immediately turned to a smile. He was watching a shooting star. Went right through the clouds!
It was a long, burning shooting star. ‘I’ve never seen one that impressive.’ He promptly forgot Yosemite.
Before he could dwell on it he saw another one though the chunk of space rock wasn’t as large and didn’t burn for as long. The plane was entering the cloud.
Jonathan gasped. A huge chunk of space rock came hurtling by.
“Stewardess?” He almost yelled. He was getting nervous but she came before he could call out to her again. Her name was Bonny.
“I’m a flight attendant. How may I help you?”
“Will you tell the captain I think we’re in some trouble here. Why hasn’t he changed course?” The plane was still in the clouds.
She looked at him with a smile she has used thousands of times. Jonathan didn’t seem to notice. She was good at her job. “I’m sure the captain knows what he’s doing.” She patted Jonathan on his shoulder.
She started to turn away when Jonathan said, “owp” or something to that effect as another good-sized meteor passed by the airplane with the white cloud showing the burning redness of the small meteor.
Bonny had turned with his exclamation and watched the burning rock pass out of sight. She looked out the window with an increasing sense of apprehension. She looked at Jonathan yet was still undecided although she was picking up his anxiety.
“If one of the big ones hits us we’re going down. What’s the captain doing having lunch? Tell him something is wrong here. Please. We should not be seeing this many meteors of this size.”
Another burning ball of space rock shot past the plane. It was small but ominous.
“Really, something isn’t right here. The annual meteor showers aren’t for months and they are not this big. I think…well, we could be heading into a swarm.” Jonathan was insistent and nervous and was having a hard time explaining his thoughts in a dignified manner. The more Bonny hesitated the more difficult he had being calm.
Jonathan could barely contain himself. Everyone in the first class section was now aware of something occurring and becoming gradually aware of the meteors flying past them. The increased frequency of the small meteors was now noticeable.
Bonny went forward to the cockpit.
After a few moments which seemed like an hour an increasingly anxious first class passenger named Prezlee was asked to attend the captain in the cockpit. He went as quickly as he could and would have run if it had been possible.
The captain, a very clean-shaven man about fifty and looked every bit his age, calmly asked Jonathan to take a seat in the cramped cockpit. The captain, his nametag read Schollander, was the embodiment of calm though he was tapping the screens above him. Jonathan could hear the navigator calling Honolulu.
“What do you think the problem is?” the co-pilot asked. He checked his manifest, “Mr. Prezlee?” Captain Schollander’s eyes raised and he couldn’t help but smile warmly and added, “I suppose you get a lot of comments?”
Jonathan nodded absently as he has heard comments all his life. He was trying to be calm and answer clearly as his eyes strayed past the captain’s face and the cockpit window. The plane was just breaking through the cloudbank.
“Captain these meteors…” He exclaimed, “owp” again and pointed.
The pilot with one eye on the interview, had laughed a little when Jonathan’s name was announced by the co-pilot, and one eye on the window saw what Jonathan saw almost at the same time.
Jonathan yelled, “south, south, south. Go south. Go low.”
Captain Schollander steered automatically and banked the plane south. He said to the co-pilot, “make sure the autopilot stays disengaged.”
The captain went on the intercom and announced that all passengers must be in their seats with the seat belts on. He called for the head stewardess, yes he said stewardess also, so Jonathan knew he wasn’t as calm as he appeared.
“Captain go as low as you can.” Captain Schollander looked at Jonathan.
Jonathan explained as calmly as he could, “the more atmosphere these meteors go through the more they’ll burn up.”
 The captain nodded and told the navigator to go call San Francisco if Honolulu still did not respond. “Tell them about the change to seven thousand feet and the meteors.” He searched the screens above him which were now blank. The captain mumbled to himself, “I thought it might be sun spots.”
“I can’t get Honolulu or San Francisco. Nothing but static,” the navigator said. His name tag read McNeill.
As they continued to bank and head south the clouds over the Hawaiian Islands were left behind. To the east they could now see a dark wall moving across the sky with the front edge already ablaze. It was miles wide.
There was no way to calculate how long this swarm was. As they flew south they could see no end to the length of it. Fortunately, they were on the southern edge of the swarm to begin with and it didn’t take long to feel a small level of comfort as only a few small, stray meteors could be seen falling to their left.
They all turned their heads to look north. It was where the sound came from. Those in the cockpit watched a gigantic meteor plummet and burn an incandescent brilliance before plunging into the ocean. Jonathan hadn’t known that large meteors could and obviously did make a terrific din. The meteor caused an incredible splash with sea water erupting to magnificent height.
After a brief quietness, the navigator said to no one in particular, “it was the size of a car, at least. That car will create a tsunami. It will hit Hawaii in a half hour or so.”
“Radio Hilo…or anyone in Hawaii. Immediately.”
“Captain, I’m unable to get anybody. I’ve tried all the stations and all the frequencies…only static.” As an afterthought he said, “but I’ll keep trying.”
The captain looked at Jonathan.
Prezlee shrugged, “the swarm probably took out the communications satellites.”
The captain nodded his head in thought.
“Terry,” the captain was speaking to the navigator, “plot a course to bring us back to Honolulu but make the arc very broad and we’ll come up from the south of the islands.” And McNeill went to work. The captain then called for the head flight attendant.
The head flight attendant was in the cockpit and the captain asked her to oversee anyone who was hurt and quietly find a doctor and place the injured in the first class section.
She went out to organize this as the captain once again was on the intercom.
“Ladies and gentlemen, this is the captain speaking. Those of you on the left side of the plane have probably seen a large swarm of meteors. I am sorry for the abrupt manner in which we banked but it became imperative for the safety of this ship and all those aboard to change our flight path as quickly as possible. I have the misfortune to further announce that communication is not possible at this time and we are heading back to Hawaii. I will keep all informed of our plans. The plane has suffered no damage and we have fuel to last many hours. Any of those who were injured please stay seated if you can. Stacey, the head flight attendant, is organizing triage in the first class section. Please be patient. We are going to go very low to the ocean surface but do not be alarmed. It is for safety only and we will not be in any danger. We are presently flying at an altitude of twelve thousand feet. We may only be an hour or a little more from Oahu.”
The captain turned off the intercom and breathed deeply. He looked at Jonathan.
“We won’t be able to land in Hawaii,” Jonathan told Captain Schollander. Even the co-pilot looked at Jonathan.
“The swarm was heading in the direction of Hawaii, was it not?” He asked no one in particular.
The navigator nodded his head. The crew in the cockpit was just beginning to understand the magnitude of the probable catastrophe.
The captain looked again at Jonathan but before he could say what he was going to say the co-pilot groaned and pointed. He pointed skyward. 
“What the hell…”
“Christ, what now…”
“Goddamn it. What is it?”
CHAPTER TWO


Captain Schollander quickly got back on the intercom, “everyone-the-captain-again.” He said it so fast it sounded like one long word. “Brace for impact.”
It was high up and descending fast. It was white. The captain had the plane go lower and did it as quickly as safety allowed. The plane banked again. Jonathan voiced a thought, “when it hits would it be better to be flattened out and not banking?”
The captain nodded, as did the co-pilot. They were both grim faced.
The plane leveled at six thousand feet. The whiteness struck.
Sounds could be heard of a tattooing on the skin of the plane. A hard metallic pinging with occasional thuds. The plane was buffeted. Screams could be heard from the interior of the plane. The plane continued to descend and the hard pinging gave way to a hard slapping sound. It was so loud shouting in ones ear was the only way to talk to your neighbor.
As the plane descended the slapping sounds against the plane increased as the pinging and thuds decreased. The whiteness had been ice but was melting in the lower altitude as the plane descended. They went as low as two thousand feet above the ocean. Large pieces of ice could still be seen falling. Some were hitting the ocean as chunks and not as rain.
Since nothing was in this part of the mid-Pacific the captain felt somewhat safe but he was in uncharted territory when it came to avoiding meteors and bizarre raining ice.
Where did this ice come from was on Jonathan’s mind. He was preoccupied as he mulled this bizarre phenomenon over. He felt it was extremely important although was not certain why. He felt it must have been somehow a cause and effect in relation to the meteor swarm.
The plane had leveled off and the primary sound was the slapping of hard and forceful rain against it.
“Bob,” the captain said to the co-pilot, “why don’t you look into how our passengers are faring?”
Bob breathed deeply, nodded and left the cockpit.
Terry looked over at Jonathan.
“You look mighty thoughtful, Mr. Prezlee. What’s on your mind?”
“The rain, in some ways, is just as enigmatic as the swarm. Chucks of ice to descend this low in latitude and altitude and remain chunks must have been enor…oh, shit.”
“What?” said the captain and the navigator at the same time as both looked out the cockpit window.
“I think I know where the ice came from.”
“Don’t leave us in suspense. Where did it come from?”
Jonathan rubbed his forehead. He would have preferred to consider this without urgency or pressure. He was afraid of where his supposition might lead and wanted to be on secure ground or at least as secure as deliberate thinking can produce.
“Well, it may sound a bit preposterous since I haven’t had a lot of time to ponder…”
“Go ahead Dr. Prezlee…”
“Call me Jonathan.”
“Jonathan it is. So, what have you got?”
“I can think of only one cause of such a condition which would produce ice this far south and intact, in other words, remain, to some degree ice…
“Jonathan. Please, what’s on your mind?”
“It’s from the Arctic Ocean. The polar cap. If the swarm went over the pole and large meteors hit the ice cap on the Arctic Ocean then one of the results would be to send huge chunks of ice and water into the atmosphere. The rotation of the earth would create a reverse vortex toward the equator. The coldness of the atmosphere would make the water crystallize into large chunks and perhaps even force the water and water vapor into even larger blocks of ice. They would descend after traveling toward the equator.”
Captain Schollander and Jim the navigator were quiet for a while. Then McNeill voiced a question. “What would happen to the ice cap in general?”
“That depends on the severity of the impacts but much would vaporize and if near land would instantly become a huge wall of rushing water.”
Again silence.
“Go on.”
“One of the results would be what’s known as a wave of translation. This would be a wall of water such as would travel from the northern most edge of land in Canada towards the Gulf of Mexico.”
Again silence.
“Go on Jonathan.”
“Everything in its path would be pushed ahead of it as in any type of flood. It’s happened before. That is why the Gulf of Mexico and other places have a huge depth of silt and the Arctic basin has none.” Jonathan sighed. He didn’t really want to go on.
“Jonathan, is there more?”
“Yes, perhaps. There could’ve been a pole shift. Possibly a crustal shift or perhaps a tilting or I suppose I should say a re-tilting of our planets axis. Maybe both occurred to some degree. If this has happened then all the glaciers will have or soon will be melted and the sea could rise upwards to twenty feet. All the volcanoes of the world will be active and erupting and every fault line will move. Earthquakes so powerful the Ritchter scale doesn’t even go that high.”
Captain Schollander and Terry looked at Prezlee for a moment. The captain looked back at a blank screen then out the cockpit window then quietly asked, “Jonathan, is there more?”
Jonathan scratched his temple and nodded. “Yes, considering the magnitude of the swarm and the material it contains in size as well as numbers…well, there won’t be any safe place. This swarm will last for years if it is in resonance, ah, if it has an orbit which is connected to Earth. Man will have to learn to live underground and life as we know it will for all intents and purposes end.”
“Do you really think it will be that bad?” The navigator had to ask.
“It’s the worst case scenario and we’ll know more when we see what the damage is in Hawaii.”
“What’s the worst case scenario in the islands?”
“It’ll be pockmarked like the moon and all the active volcanoes will be erupting. Possibly the dormant ones may also be active. Powerful tsunamis will inundate the coastline and wipe out everything on most of the exposed shoreline. The tall buildings will have succumbed to the earthquakes and possibly forty percent of the people in Honolulu may be dead or dying.”
They were silent. Each with their own thoughts. They said nothing for maybe ten minutes then Bob, the co-pilot, entered the cockpit with Stacey the head flight attendant.
Bob took his customary seat. He was still grim faced. He gave his report.
“We’re lucky, in that there’s an intern from Queen’s Hospital and a veterinarian with a lot of experience. There are a couple of injured passengers; one with a badly bruised forearm and the other a sprained wrist and dislocated fingers. Another one has a slight separated shoulder.” Bob paused for breath. “It was lucky we had the seat belt sign on as most everyone were in their seats and buckled up.”
“Anyway, all three have been attended to and are in the first class area with their families. A few have twisted ankles, some cuts and bruises but nothing serious. We had to move a few of the first class fares to coach but under the circumstances it went smoothly. Stacey, can you add anything?”
“Well, the passengers are pretty scared and do not know what to think and in some ways that’s the worst; the unknown reinforces their worst fears. I have no idea what to tell them. I discontinued the serving of alcohol because I felt if the fears become too pronounced than drunks may become unruly and unresponsive to the flight crew. I don’t know why, but I added up our meal packages and we have enough for 3 days.”
Stacey wanted to add something but didn’t know how to broach the subject.
“Should we, I mean, do we know what this is all about. I’d like to tell the passengers something.” She looked at Jonathan for the first time. Jonathan and the captain exchanged looks. Captain Schollander was chewing his lip. He finally decided.
“Stacey, could you take Dr. Prezlee to the coach section and give him the intercom? Jonathan could you briefly talk to the passengers but not the worst-case scenario as yet, or at least until we’ve seen Hawaii?”
 The captain turned to Jonathan and softly asked, “Just…just tell them some of what you’ve explained to us here? But be discreet, please. Okay? Then return. I want you here when we reach Hawaii.”
Jonathan nodded his head and began to think of a summary, something he might tell his students if he was a professor. He left the cockpit with Stacey.
She brought him to the entrance of the coach cabin section and took the microphone in her hand and turned it on.
“Attention all passengers. I have just talked with Captain Schollander and he asked me to have this gentleman tell you something of the meteor shower we (she hesitated a second and almost said, just narrowly) missed. I’ll turn the mike over to Dr. Prezlee.”
There were the smiles and snickers as always but less so from such a large group. Showed the tension, anxiety and generalized but incomprehensible fear among the passengers.
“Just call me Jonathan. I’m a geologist and have some familiarity with global cata…ah, disorders. One thing I would like to state at the beginning is that it is extremely difficult to extrapolate the extent of a problem until a lot of information can be reviewed and compared.”
“This much we do know. A large swarm of meteors appears to be in orbit around earth and part of the orbit is within our atmosphere. Obviously, many of these meteors will find their way to our, that is, earth’s surface.”
“The meteors that do not burn up on their descent will cause damage though as yet there is no way of knowing to what extent. Nor is the orbit of the swarm known and when it may be nearest or come into our atmosphere.”
“It is probable that the communication satellites have been rendered inoperable which can only make the gathering of accurate data that much more difficult to obtain.”
“We also know that the swarm was heading directly for Hawaii. It is probable that there have been tsunamis but again it is too early to speculate in their direction and degree. If you have friends or relatives who live along the coasts of the islands then some of them may, ah, find themselves in jeopardy.” Many in the cabin groaned or swore or both.
“I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news but I don’t want you to be too shocked when Hawaii is in view.”
“I would guess that Kilauea certainly and perhaps Moana Loa and or Moana Kea are erupting. More than that I cannot say with any certainty.”
The hubbub in the cabin rose as the passengers excitedly talked with their traveling companions or their neighbors.
People began to pepper Jonathan with questions and when he couldn’t understand any one question well enough to reply the passengers started shouting their questions all at once. Finally Stacey took the microphone.
“Please, I’m sure Dr. Prezlee will answer each question but one at a time and there are children present and I ask you to be civil.” She again gave the microphone to Jonathan.
A hand was up in the front row so he decided to start there and nodded to the older woman who looked terrified while nonetheless trying to remain dignified.
“Dr. Prezlee…”
“Jonathan, please.”
“Jonathan then, my niece and her husband live above Makapu’u. Would a tsunami reach them?”
“Well, we saw a huge meteor hit the ocean and it undoubtedly created some kind of wave but that would only affect the windward areas of the islands exposed to the ocean, in other words, those areas not protected by other islands.”
Another hand shot up before any others and blurted out, “why would the volcanoes be erupting?”
“Well, volcanic activity is usually associated…that’s a good question. Hmm. It’s my guess, and this is just a guess that there will also be some tectonic movement and if this movement is near a volcano then there is every chance of activity.”
Outside of several children crying quietly there was silence. A hand was raised on the left side of the aisle. Jonathan recognized William Lorazini, a well-known mystery writer living in the Bay Area and in whom he was acquainted with.
“Yes, Bill what’s on your mind?”
“Well Jonathan, what I’d like to know is what you’re not telling us.” The writer paused for a second then added, “it may be true that many here on the plane cannot handle the truth but I for one would like to know more of what we are facing.”
Many heads nodded in agreement and some voices were raised to demonstrate that at least some of the passengers could handle the truth.
“Well, the problem, as I said earlier, is we do not know the extent of the swarm and what it has done and we’re, well I should say, I’m guessing about the earthquakes and the tsunamis. I have my suspicions but I’m a scientist and it’s not in my nature or training to just blurt out suspicions.”
“Then what is the worst case scenario?”
Jonathan sighed and tried to gather his thoughts. He was certain had he detailed the worst-case scenario no one, in truth, would understand it. None on the plane had ever researched global cataclysms nor had taken any classes which discussed catastrophic theory. There were no classes. Universities actually fired tenured professors who did nothing more than mention, in passing, catastrophic theory in a lecture.
It wasn’t all dissimilar to his debunking of the El Capitan theory of creation. People just weren’t aware of cataclysms on a global scale though ironically every ancient religious text and all writers up to Plato and many after him all wrote about global catastrophes. The Greeks even had a word for the cause of the catastrophes: theomachy. War of the Gods.
Jonathan realized he could not in all conscience give them a detailed description of what he suspected. He brought up the microphone.
“Until, we can see the extent of the damage in the islands, I cannot give you a worst case scenario. We will be in Hawaii fairly soon, maybe an hour or two, and then I can reevaluate.”
“Why a couple of hours? I thought we were close to Hawaii?”
“The captain, for reasons of safety, flew south so we will have to back track when he feels confident the swarm has passed.”
Jonathan could hear the rain begin to slacken which he felt was a good sign yet not a sign that their troubles were over. Just that particular trouble.
Others noticed the lessening of the rain. The conversations became quieter than before. No more pings or thuds could be heard. Jonathan hoped no one would ask him about the rain slash ice. Fortunately for him, no one did.
Jonathan handed the microphone back to Stacey and returned to the cockpit. Found his seat and strapped himself in.
Terry smiled quite broadly when Jonathan entered the cockpit and said to him when he was settled, “good thing no one asked about the raining ice.”
Jonathan smiled wanly and nodded.
Terry turned to Jonathan and became earnest, “I was just telling the captain and Bob that one of your scenarios is probably, no I should say, almost positively correct. The sun is not in the right place for where we are located on the map. Tell us more about the consequences of a pole shift if you don’t mind.”
“The waters at the equator would move toward both poles. The waves would be incredibly high and really they would be floodwaters like tsunamis rather than ocean waves. The devastation to any coastal areas, unprotected islands and low lying areas in front of these waves would basically be total.” 
“The Swalik hills and many other debris fields show…”
“The what?”
“Right. Well, the amount of destruction is dependant to some extent on the amount of axial displacement but if the pole moved even two or three degrees then it’s still possible that upwards to sixty percent of the world’s population could perish.”
A “sonvabitch,” escaped the lips of Captain Schollander. “That bad?”
“Well, this is a worst case here and I’m only using former catastrophes as a reference and comparison. It’s too early to say what the true extent will be.”
“Jonathan, how many of these, ah global catastrophes have there been?”
“That depends on who you talk to. The gradualists haven’t so many. The most famous one is, of course, the destruction at the K-T boundary.”
When the cockpit crew said nothing and Terry looked at him quizzically Prezlee added, “you know, the extinction of the dinosaurs.”
“Oh, right. Jeez, this won’t be that bad will it?”
“No, not anything like it, in fact.”
“By the way, Terry, why do you say that the sun’s not in the right position?” Jonathan asked.
“I plotted a course for an atoll I know and have been over several times. It’s not there.”
Jonathan nodded his head while thinking. “Could the oceans have gained so much water this fast to cover the atoll?” He had thought out loud. 
As McNeill looked at him he added, “probably not. However one of those waves I mentioned may have reached it.” Then thought out loud again. “No, probably too soon for that as well.”
Terry nodded and spoke, “it might be a bit difficult to locate Hawaii.”
“The route of the swarm will, in all likelihood, be the direction of the axial shift,” Jonathan said. And Terry returned to examine his charts.
Again silence returned to the cockpit. After about ten or twelve minutes, Captain Schollander asked Jonathan, “when you say we would have to live underground, well, why did you say that?”
“Again, I’m only guessing, but this swarm will undoubtedly have its own orbit and probably be a bit irregular. It may take years of stargazing to determine what the exact orbit of the swarm might be.” Jonathan refrained from mentioning that if all the worlds’ volcanoes are now active and erupting there could be an envelope obscuring the heavens for years to come.
“Anyone caught out in the open or on the wrong side of a prominence, such as a ridge, would be vulnerable. Of course, the meteors will eventually either all fall to earth or burn up on its way to the surface. Oddly, the Muslims worship a space rock…”
“How long?” asked Schollander. “I mean how long would it take before the threat of these meteors would be gone or would the threat always hang over our heads?”
“It’s just a matter of time,” responded Jonathan thinking about the Furies of Greek mythology. “Probably, anyway. Not knowing the volume of the swarm nor how many fall as it enters our atmosphere it’s hard to say, but decades, certainly. Centuries possibly.”
Both Bob and Terry turned in their seats to face Jonathan as if looking at him they could find fault with this prognostication. Captain Schollander just groaned.
The rain had finally stopped and Captain Schollander had brought the plane up to five thousand feet. Terry had worked out a flight plan to return the ship back to the original reckoning of the planes flight path. In essence, the plane would then be following the swarm.
“I’m not too sure that’s wise,” Jonathan said. “The swarm is a concentrated ‘thing’ but the edges and presumably the rear will have stray or rogue meteors. It might be better to find where that atoll is and the position of Hawaii would be known. A pole shift would not change the relative positions of islands.”
Captain Schollander turned his head and nodded to Terry. The navigator began working on a new course. In fifteen minutes he had it worked out.
“By having a good understanding of the path of the swarm and the relative positions of the atoll to the Hawaiian islands…”
“Sorry to interrupt you Terry,” said Captain Schollander. “But I believe you. How long do you think?”
“I figure we should be above the atoll in approximately forty five minutes. Then it’s a straight shot to Honolulu in just under an hour.”
The captain turned on the intercom. “This is the captain speaking. If everything goes according to Hoyle and the meteor swarm has passed we should be in visual contact with Honolulu in less than two hours.” Those in the cockpit could hear the passengers cheering.


CHAPTER THREE


“This is the captain speaking. I’d like everyone to stay in their seats with the seat belts fastened and those who have a window seat to watch for stray meteors. Now the good news. For those on the right side of the plane the Big Island is now visible. We should be sighting the south shore of Honolulu shortly. I am going to drop down and level off at an altitude of eighteen thousand feet until we can determine the situation below. Communication remains unavailable to us. The flight crew will be available and will move about the cabin. I would like any passenger who sees danger or the potential of danger to contact the nearest crewmember. The time in Hawaii is twelve twenty eight p.m.”
Jonathan couldn’t believe it was three hours ago he had boarded this plane. And sat in first class for the first time in his life. What had he told himself, ‘life is wonderful?’ Yes, that was it. He had never eaten any words with a more bitter taste.
Every eye in the plane eagerly sought some sign of surcease in the looming vista of Honolulu. Most of the passengers were aware of the volcanic dust obscuring the Big Island and some said they could see a lava fountain.
The captain brought the plane directly above Waikiki. The quietude could be palpably felt, or so Jonathan imagined.
One cannot see much from eighteen thousand feet and the dark mist hanging over the south end of Oahu made it more difficult. No other aircraft could be seen in the sky. Captain Schollander flew over the interior of Oahu following H-1 to Mililani. Scofield Barracks was below them but no activity could be detected.
The plane upon leaving Oahu flew heading north in a long arc. Captain Schollander did not want any surprises on his return visit because he was going to fly very low.
No one in cockpit had said a word. After hearing what Jonathan had said about global catastrophes they were going to wait and pray Dr. Prezlee was wrong. Somehow talking might jinx this aspiration. Only by silent vigil can the worst-case scenario be found to be invalid.
On the return to Oahu, again flying down the central plain, Captain Schollander came in at three thousand feet.
While viewing the famous north shore no one on the plane was certain of what they were at first seeing. Then the eyes of all aboard adjusted. Cratering was continuous and extreme. It did look like the moon except for the verdant green of the islands. There didn’t seem to be any area that hadn’t been hit by a meteorite. They flew over the mist of the south shore and were seeing red ribbons. At first that was all they could see.
They then realized that the red ribbons were flowing streams of lava. The lava spewing from Diamond Head and Punchbowl craters sought the ocean. This was causing the mist or at least one reason.
The plane arced to the right. Captain Schollander wanted to see how the Honolulu airport fared. Less mist and the visibility was better. The cratering here was extensive. There could be no landing at that site. The plane headed out to sea.
Captain Schollander decided to return but at an even lower altitude. He flew above Honolulu at two thousand feet. He started on the makai side, ocean side, of Makakilo and headed towards Diamond Head. All those on the plane could see the capitol of paradise fairly well now. No tall buildings stood. Waikiki didn’t exist nor much of the shore from Barber’s Point to Koko Head. The effect of a tsunami was in evidence or to be exact the destruction it caused was in evidence.
Debris that once was Honolulu was pushed up against the hills that abutted the shore plain. Debris had even been washed into Manoa and Niu valley. The valleys in Hawaii are of a higher elevation than the coast.
 Nothing seemed to move. Diamond Head’s crater was filled with seawater and steam rose as it came in contact with an active vent in the middle of the crater. Another vent had opened on the side of Diamond Head and it was this that produced the red ribbon.
“God-almighty,” someone muttered.
Jonathan didn’t want to be the first to break the silence so he spent his time considering where the safest havens might likely be found. He assumed there was probably enough fuel to get to a formidable and secure location if only he could think of one.
Finally Terry broke the silence. “Doesn’t seem we have any reason to hang around here.” All the others in the cockpit nodded their heads absentmindedly.
After another period of silence Captain Schollander began to give the plane altitude and head in a northeasterly direction. He asked Jonathan, “can you think of a place where we might be safe from these waves and the meteors?”
“I have been thinking about it,” he said. “The Sierras would be safe from the tidal waves and any western slope would give shelter from the swarm.” This made him think of an old folk song. He thought it best not to bring it up.
Getting back to the problem at hand, “landing might be a bit of a problem.” And those in the cockpit nodded their heads thoughtfully.
“There is an interesting area which if we had enough fuel might be worth looking into. Vancouver Island off the coast of Washington and Canada may have escaped the damage or experienced lesser damage from the tidal waves. Though there are volcanoes nearby on the mainland there are none, or at least there were none on the island itself. It has transverse ridges. So the western facing slopes could provide good shelter.”
Prezlee considered this quietly for a few moments. “There will be tremendous loss of aquatic life in general but the eastern side of the island may have been protected. Food is going to be a problem and this may be an answer to that question.”
The captain turned to Bob and asked him to take control and to Terry to plot a heading to San Francisco. He asked Jonathan to accompany him to the coach section. With a heavy heart the captain got up and with Jonathan in tow headed for coach seating area.
On the way, Captain Schollander stopped off at one of the galleys to converse with Stacey the head flight attendant and discussed the need for the passengers to have a meal. The snack on their return to Oahu wasn’t that filling.
Stacey said she would get everything prepared and Jonathan was surprised that she didn’t inquire as to the course the plane would take. She’s a real pro, he thought.
The captain and Jonathan stepped to the entrance to the coach cabin. Schollander took the intercom and turned it on.
“This is the captain. I’ve come back here to talk with you. About what we have seen and what we now feel may be termed a worst-case scenario. I’ve brought Dr. Prezlee, Jonathan, to explain what this means and what may be confronting us. Presently, we are heading to San Francisco though we are interested in finding a safe area from the meteors and the tidal waves. Doctor…Jonathan, will give you some startling information so please let him talk without too many interruptions. Later a question and answer period will follow. I know many are hungry and the flight crew is preparing your meals.”
Captain Schollander took a moment then returned to addressing the passengers.
“Jonathan has a very strong understanding of the worst-case scenario and I would appreciate it if he is given the courtesy of being listened to. Everything he has told me and the crew has shown he knows what he was talking about. You may not like what he is about to tell you and many of you must be grieving over loved ones and friends but we are now a community not just single individuals. I want you to think in terms of ‘we’ and not ‘I’. Jonathan?” Schollander turned the mike over to Prezlee.
Jonathan didn’t know where to start.
“I really don’t know where to begin.”
After a pregnant pause he pushed on. “I’ll talk about the worst case scenario in the global sense. The earth has undergone over its many millions of years numerous cataclysms of varying degrees of destruction. Does anyone here know of the K-T boundary destruction?” Some hands raised with a few murmured voices of assent. Jonathan felt comfortable that here was some familiar ground.
“Good. That happened 65 million years ago and it was so devastating that the dinosaurs became extinct. There have been other catastrophes since that time but fortunately not as severe. In fact, not even close to that severity.”
“What we are going through is a worldwide catastrophe but not of the same magnitude. Yet, it is likely that the world we were accustomed to has vanished. And this is what I think the worst case is and why I feel the situation may be very close to what I’m about to say.”
“There was a pole shift. This simply means the poles, the North and South Poles, are no longer in the same position from a few hours ago. Jim the navigator tells me he’ll know the exact amount of shift but the preliminary figures suggest a shift of around two to three degrees. Probably close to a couple hundred miles.”
“The result of a sudden shift will be enormous tidal waves, gigantic tsunamis if you like, starting from the equator and moving toward the poles. Hard to say to the height and therefore the destructive power but little will survive if it’s in its path.”
“The ice caps will melt and we will have upwards to a twenty-foot higher waterline. The ice caps will eventually reform but that will take many years. Weather patterns…well, we can go into that later.”
“What the most difficult problem facing us, facing all humanity, is the swarm. Perhaps there are some classical scholars on board who can remember what the Greeks and Romans had to say about the muses and the Fates but basically this swarm, if in orbit with our planet as I believe it is, will dominate our struggle to remake our material civilization. Without specific knowledge but an educated guess the swarm will be a visitor for generations. Each pass, and at present we cannot know the frequency of these passes, will cause destruction.”
“Therefore, I’ve recommended that one of the considerations in locating a safe haven is to find a ridge facing the swarm. We can then, literally, dig in below this ridge on the lee, the protected side, and have some modicum of safety.”
Jonathan again paused. The cabin was very quiet which surprised him. He decided to stop. How much of this was penetrating the minds of the other passengers? Most, of course, never studied anything as he had. Most would think it a fictional story from a Hollywood movie.
“The captain and crew are returning this plane to the mainland and have hopes they can find a safe place to put down and possibly, well…. restart our lives.”
Now the cabin became louder but it was anxiety and not abject disbelief though not all in the plane could conceive of the worst-case scenario as being real.
The aroma from the galley penetrated the cabin and everyone realized that the need for sustenance must be satisfied.
Captain Schollander took the microphone and informed the passengers, “food has been prepared and it is a hot meal. Would everyone be seated and the flight attendants will look after your dietary needs. Those who have had special meals raise your hands so the flight attendants can verify your requests. I’m going to leave Stacey in charge. Later we can have a question and answer session.
The captain turned the microphone over to the head flight attendant and nodded for Jonathan to follow him back to the cockpit.
Jonathan idly hoped there’d be a tail wind. Suddenly, the thought of five and a half hours to San Francisco in this flying tin can had lost its appeal.


CHAPTER FOUR


Jonathan was amazed. It’s really true. A hot meal in comfort can really do wonders for one’s morale. He noticed a perceptible optimism developing as his hunger began to abate. ‘Why would a full stomach bring about a change in ones attitude?’
Well, this seemed to be a case of matter over mind. He hoped his fellow passengers had also made the emotional adjustment.
As he now contemplated the worst-case scenario his pessimism wasn’t so extreme and could their experience be unique? And not what others on the planet had undergone? He smiled as he realized he had already made the transition of allegiance from country to planet.  
He even chatted amiably with those in the first class area as he ate and had a sense of, well, hard to say but something positive. As in an absence of negativity. A filling meal and social intercourse really did wonders.
When Captain Schollander asked him to return to the cockpit this feeling persisted. But only briefly. It was time to make plans and the contingency plans when the first plans were found to be less than realistic.
Communications still did not work and they knew there would be no one in the sky until they approached California. They were on their own, at least, until they reached the California coast.
They all desperately wanted to find other human beings. Was it the social prerogative or do people need contact with others when times are difficult?
At any rate, they decided that some form of large block printing might do in a pinch if Morse code didn’t work.
Also, there was hope the Bay Area wasn’t as devastated as Hawaii and they discussed possible landing sites as well as what they may do to provide food and shelter.
In the cockpit, at least, there was optimism. Jonathan did not want to go back in the cabin and discuss worst-case scenarios. Even if it was true he couldn’t face it just yet.
Stacey came back from time to time and reported. The passengers were holding up well and those who had been hurt were resting comfortably. Two of the injured didn’t want anything stronger than an analgesic and Stacey thought it was because of the fear of something happening while they slept.
Yet, a couple of hours flying with the repetitive droning and no new cause for alarm seemed to create an atmosphere of peacefulness and calm throughout the cabin. No one had asked for a question and answer period for which Jonathan was grateful. He assumed everyone was waiting to see how the Bay Area fared.
Jonathan returned to his first class seat. Without anticipating it he dozed.

<<<  >>>

“Good afternoon. This is the captain speaking. We are thirty-five minutes from San Francisco airport. We have descended to twenty three thousand feet. I am going to start the descent as if we had a communicated flight path. We, as yet, still have no ability to communicate with anyone else and this could cause a problem if there is much air traffic above the airport.”
“So, we are changing our designated route somewhat to come into the Bay Area on a flight path closer to what the military uses. I must, however, go lower to able to view what may be in the skies of the San Francisco Bay Area.
“Flight attendants will go about the cabin and will be ready to relay anything anyone might see. Please, remain seated with your seat belts fastened.”
Jonathan became more alert while the captain spoke over the intercom. As silence from the intercom resumed, Stacey, the head flight attendant, came to his seat and informed him Captain Schollander would like to see him in the cockpit.
He rose, and with a big yawn stretched his body then walked to the cockpit hatch and knocked. He was admitted.
McNeill, the navigator, was smiling, and it occurred to Jonathan that Terry could often be found smiling. He wished he had found the inner peace to smile so readily.
Terry’s grin broadened as he turned to Prezlee, “the moment of truth awaits us upon these emerald shores and golden hills.”
Jonathan smiled. Terry’s attitude was contagious. “Ah, you have a poetic streak Terry. For myself, I’m not feeling so fatalistic and feel maybe things will be better here.”
Captain Schollander and Bob, the co-pilot, just nodded their heads and concentrated on the task at hand. Which was to get the plane in the vicinity of SFO sans communication in one piece.
Terry turned to Jonathan, “we haven’t sighted anyone one as yet but from this far out and at this altitude that’s not unusual. And, the flight plan I worked out we may not see anyone until we’re almost on top of SFO.”
Jonathan could now see green on the horizon and without realizing it scrunched up his face in thought. Terry’s smile widened. He heard Bob, say eighteen thousand feet.
Terry still smiled at Jonathan and looked like he was waiting. ‘Waiting for what?’
“Oh, you want me to guess where we’re heading. Hmm, well, it’s certainly not San Fran. Let’s see. The hills like that are south of the city and west of San Jose. Are we heading over the redwoods? Somewhere like Ben Lomond?”
McNeill just shook his head and smiled.
But after a couple of moments of quiet as Jonathan considered this, Terry’s patience waned and spoke up.
 “No, but it’s a good guess. San Jose airport isn’t too far from there and there may be traffic.” The plane was soon to be flying over the green expanse of the coastal range.
“Ah, well.” Jonathan reflected he didn’t really like guessing games, “perhaps Monterrey?”
Terry gave Jonathan a pat on the shoulder, “nearly, but just a little north. Don’t want to get in the way of any stray army planes. Even though Fort Ord is closed it’s still part of the military fly zone.”
McNeill continued as the plane changed course and began to head north, “but you were correct about the hills between San Jose and San Francisco. We’ll be flying directly overhead. No other big birds fly this path so we should be pretty safe. And it should afford us a good view of what the skies over SFO might look like.”
They were still too high to see anything of what may be on the ground though he could see the smog and the general panorama of San Jose as they passed to the west of the largest city in the Bay Area.
They were now at sixteen thousand feet and could see the bay side of the peninsula. No other planes were in sight.
The captain then put the plane on an arc to swing over the bay and come towards SFO from the water.
Finally Bob the co-pilot couldn’t contain himself, “damn, we should be seeing all kinds of traffic.”
Terry again addressed Jonathan, “on a normal day there might be ten or more planes waiting to land just at SFO. Not to mention Oakland and San Jose. No one seems to be taking to the air, either.” Jim waited a few moments and added, almost to himself, “doesn’t look good.”
“Let’s go to ten thousand, Bob.” The co-pilot nodded to let Captain Schollander know that that wasn’t a bad idea.
As they approached SFO, which sits next to the bay’s shoreline south of San Francisco, they could also start to make out what highway 101 was like. Nothing moved or moved so slowly they couldn’t distinguish it but the highway certainly contained lots of traffic.
Gliding over the water brought a false sense of calmness which was extinguished instantly as they could now view the airport.
Nothing was standing and the area was cratered though not as severely as Hawaii. Planes were sitting on the runways with broken wings and listing badly. Buildings were flattened and they could see large holes in hangars where meteors struck. Small fires seemed everywhere.
They could see the highway did have numerous vehicles with people wandering but everything seemed directionless. Traffic wasn’t really going anywhere.
The plane headed north for San Francisco. Even before the plane was over the city they could tell no tall building stood.
“Holy hell,” Jonathan blurted out. “Where are the bridges?” He craned his neck to where the Golden Gate Bridge should be although he didn’t really expect it to see it.
Captain Schollander finally spoke, “the bridges were the first thing I looked for.” He spoke in a flat monotone. None of the five bridges survived intact.
“Jonathan, I guess we’ll have to think about the contingency plans. But I will look over as much of the area as I can.” Captain Schollander then turned in his seat, “we’ll need a very good understanding of the worst case scenario. Could you Doctor, ah Jonathan, consider what it is you need to tell us and the passengers?” Captain Schollander smiled weakly, his first smile in ages. Jonathan could only nod his head.
Stacey knocked on the hatch and was admitted. She spoke to the Captain though it was for everyone.
“Captain, the passengers are getting restless and need you to address them.” She lingered for a few seconds but couldn’t think of anything else to add. In a sense, nothing needed to be added.
With a heavy heart and after a big sigh, “this is the captain speaking. I’m sure many of you now know this area, the San Francisco Bay Area, was also devastated. We cannot land at SFO airport and, well, the craters from the meteor swarm seem to have hit the whole Bay Area. I’m going to do some reconnaissance but it appears we’ll have to travel elsewhere.”
He paused, then, “we are a family now. Though strangers before we boarded this airplane we are now a community and as in any community we must help each other and rely on each other. In a little while Dr. Prezlee (no smile at the mention of his last name this time) will address you and a question and answer period may follow if it would be helpful. Stacey, the head flight attendant, will be supervising the preparation of our next meal.”
Again a pause, “I’d like to thank all the passengers and crew for remaining calm during this…ah, crisis. But, I add, we are not in the clear. We must find a location to be safe. Please continue to remain calm and any questions you may have you can give to one of the crew members.”
The plane flew to the east of Twin Peaks. They could see fires and people milling about or running. The plane headed past where the Golden Gate Bridge would have been and flew in an arc to examine more closely the ocean side shoreline on Jonathan’s suggestion.
The shoreline was visible. Nothing else was. The Sunset and Richmond districts before the settlement at Buena Vista in the early 1800’s had been sand dunes. Not even the native population lived there.
These two districts, mostly built up after World War Two, had reverted back two hundred years. Sand dunes and debris once again dominated the landscape.
The captain piloted the plane over the city and headed towards the east bay.
Here the tsunami had not been as devastating due to the narrow strait between San Francisco and Marin. Yet, the cratering and earthquake damage was widespread. Mt. Diablo had erupted throwing ash into the air. Larger fires were visible on this side of the bay. Wild fires and brush fires dotted the landscape.
Jonathan wondered if despair might be the most challenging problem facing them. It was disheartening to look at the complete destruction of a civilization where millions of people lived, loved, worked, avoided work and tried to live a life if not one with joy at least with a modicum of security and contentment. That was now lost; forever perhaps?
As he considered these gloomy thoughts someone shouted and pointed. He looked and for a little while had no idea what the shout and pointing meant. Then he saw a plane heading toward them. It was a small craft and looked a little like a military plane.


CHAPTER FIVE


“Captain Cassidy I’m Captain Schollander.” Captain Schollander had to yell. He stood at the open hatch which was twenty feet above the ground. Neither he nor any one else could deplane because they could never get back up. There was no ramp.
The airbus and the army transport had flown to a small airfield in northern California. It was mostly used by the U. S. Forest Service during the fire season. Fire season had been declared over months ago and no one was left to man the field or do any maintenance.
The place was deserted when they first landed but stragglers from the area showed up in dire condition. They were primarily loggers and their families. They were looking for news and in a few cases medical attention.
When Jonathan saw the horror on the faces of these people he knew for certain this was no sci-fi movie. Even more so when the hatch was opened.
The air was hot with cinders and ash from the volcanoes of the Cascade mountain range. They could easily see the plume from Mt. Shasta more than fifty miles away. The other plume was probably from Mt. Ashland. It was late afternoon but it was dark especially in the east where the Cascade volcanoes were.
A Morse code had been initiated and understood by both crews and Captain Cassidy had lobbied, successfully, for a rendezvous at this location. The army pilot knew of this airfield and after seeing the edge of the meteor swarm thought the destruction it caused might have missed the most northern regions of California.
With radio contact still unavailable it was hoped they could land in a safe place and compare notes.
With some trepidation Captain Schollander over the length of the landing strip agreed. The landing strip proved long enough with almost forty feet of tarmac left over for good measure. The major problem was the environment. It was hot and humid with no air movement as ashes and small cinders slowly rained down on them.
Both captains resolved not to spend much time on the ground and were making plans to fly to Vancouver Island as the most likely and promising safety zone. Yet, neither captain had completely accepted Jonathan’s worst case scenario.
So, Captain Cassidy decided to make a foray into the Sierras to see if any possible sites exist there and if anyone had survived relatively unscathed. The army pilot still had much fuel left from the flight up from Orange County and told Captain Schollander that he would join up on Vancouver Island. A placement of flares would be needed for him to have a safe landing strip.
The army co-pilot, Lieutenant Rangus, yelled as he hurried up to the two talking captains.
“We’ve found a sturdy twelve foot ladder and some crates we can stack on top of each other so we can transfer some of our passengers and the civilians to the airbus.”
Lieutenant Rangus had a big though sooty smile. “We’ll need some help at your end, Captain Schollander, but we can get everybody that needs to go with you up and in.”
Captain Cassidy slapped the lieutenant on the back, “well, let’s get going.”
One of the army medics was just then driving a forklift with a large crate and with some wrangling was able to position it under the open hatch of the airbus.
It took several more trips with only minor mishaps and a stable pyramid reaching 10 feet high was ready for the ladder. Prezlee and a local sawyer were chosen to be on the top platform of the pyramid to assist those onto and up the ladder. They would stabilize the ladder and assist each climber as far as they could. A powerful local Hawaiian man was at the entrance to the airbus to make sure the human cargo arrived safely.
This effort went smoothly but did take time. All the while the ashes and cinders kept up a light and unhurried but steady descent. Making everyone outside miserable while the oppressive heat made everyone inside wretched.
The head flight attendant, Stacy, made each new passenger comfortable and the few that were hurt were being treated by the Queen’s hospital intern, the veterinarian and soon the two medics.
The two medics had been assigned to the team of nurses heading to Fort Miley in San Francisco in the plane flown by Captain Cassidy. They were to attend and participate in the ongoing study of PTSD. Long a dilemma for the military and now recognized as a major problem in the civilian population.
A local supermarket down the road had numerous cans and packaged food still intact. As much as they could carry on the other forklift was brought to the landing strip and transferred to airbus. The food and water was stuffed into the cargo holds. 
McNeill did the load calculation and with the use of fuel the loading of the food and water would not be a problem for takeoff. 
Jonathan and a local lumberman, his name was Hawk short for Hawkins, did the yeoman’s work with the help of a male flight attendant until the cargo holds were completely full.
“Ill never again say Hawaii is too humid.”
“I’ve heard Hawaii is humid,” said Hawk.
“Well, actually I never did think so but if you’ve ever been there for Kona winds then you’d think that. Very similar to this…but still not as bad.”
At last everything was ready for the plane to continue on to Vancouver Island. All the food was stored and secured and all the passengers had had ample time to stand and stretch their legs.
They didn’t dare wait too long as the ash was becoming noticeable on the runway and it would only get worse over time. Plus the huge jets couldn’t take much in the way of debris. Also, they didn’t want to arrive at Vancouver Island when it was dark though they did have more hours of daylight due to the crustal shift and probable axial displacement.
The stopover also had the effect to remove all doubts that a new era in human social development had indeed begun. While seeing Oahu and the San Francisco Bay Area there was a sense of unreality because they were in affect watching a reality show through the filter of a TV screen.
The small cabin windows on the plane distorted the authentic nature of what they were viewing. As in viewing any reality show the realness is interesting but it doesn’t really affect you.
Not until they had the airbus hatch open and could get the feel of the environment did the actuality of a global catastrophe begin to be appreciated.
The original passengers of the airbus were at times quiet, pensive or moody. It took some time before they interacted with the new arrivals. It was now their turn to ponder on what the future might hold. None on the plane had any clue what could be needed and what each might do to survive. With the possible exception of Dr. Jonathan Prezlee.
Most of the people on the plane had no job or calling in this new world. Without fuel planes couldn’t fly. Captain Schollander and the co-pilot will be grounded. Businessmen of most stripes will have no business to conduct. Most of the passengers had had jobs which will be superfluous now.
Rebuilding the society will take a major shift in thinking, in attitudes and in ones outlook. The ability to converse, debate, to consider and implement the beneficial ideas will be difficult for many people where the only public forum they participated in is watching a controversy-avoiding TV debate in the occasional contested political race.
It would be doubly difficult for those who reverently watch shows like Fox News and the corporate media. These viewers can only know, thought Jonathan, divisiveness toward opposing views and assume this is appropriate. The lack of journalistic integrity was staggering.
The viewers only receive biased information from TV personalities who radiate an importance greater than the issues or the political aspirants they discuss.
The bias is often based on a rightwing and anti-humanistic ideology or corporate propaganda using pettiness and superficiality for reportage and media created crises. The lack of real debate was not lost on Jonathan and he wondered how many will actually be able to deal appropriately with others in developing strategies to survive.
The medium of TV is passivity. The viewing audiences are passive through inertia and habit. Perceptiveness of language and reading between the lines is a faculty generally ignored if at all developed. The TV audience is spoon fed shallow determinations from small-minded neo-cons or those beholding to the corporations who fund them. They spew cliché riddled statements in the knowledge no consequences will befall them. These so-called pundits expectorate their prejudices as profound wisdom.
Jonathan was well aware of this. He himself rarely watched the national news on television. He’d tell people the really important things are talked about and discussed in interactions with others while the local news at least had a sense of their constituency. He pondered different aspects facing the community when there will be no TV distilled news. He considered where the problems of communication might lie. He wondered why his culture, perhaps all cultures, did not deem wisdom as something important and something to seek.
Not in all his schooling did any discussion of wisdom occur. Not even in his philosophy class did topic of wisdom rear its head. He had always wondered why. In ancient societies the elders were held in esteem because they had wisdom and not because they hadn’t yet died. You do not respect someone because they are old but because they have gained insight and perhaps wisdom in their long life.
The young of any generation certainly could care less if someone managed to live a long, healthy and happy live. Not, at least, until it appeared they might not be one of the fortunates.
Those in ancient societies did respect wisdom. In ancient societies the elders had had time to reflect on experiences they and others underwent and acquire insight into life which led to broader understanding. Advice from a person with broad understanding of life will in most cases be genuine, practical and applicable.
The ancient elders had learned from their elders and had listened to the debates and discussions. At some point they were able to expound on the mysteries of life for the benefit of those younger or not yet wise.
In today’s society the older folks seemingly have no wisdom. For you cannot gain wisdom without seeking it. Without reflecting on and considering life. Without discussing and debating wisdom could not be gained.
Yes, in our society we gain knowledge and knowledge is power. Yet knowledge doesn’t necessarily lead to wisdom. Especially in our society. Knowledge in the modern age is used for jobs and careers. To gain a greater earning power. Money is sought and prized not wisdom.
A mechanic is trained not educated. A doctor of medicine is trained, albeit highly, but this is not real education. Ultimately it is nothing more than training.
Jonathan also wondered how the younger generation was going to fare in the new world. Will they be supportive or obstructionist or fade into the shadows? The school system philosophy, ‘No Child Left Behind,’ allowed charter schools to eliminate subjects that smacked of liberal arts. No classes in critical thinking and what was a real horror to him no civics classes. This was an anathema in any democracy.
How is it, the first people to create a notable democracy after more than two thousand years refuse to teach their youth anything about the American democratic experiment? What positive role in the coming struggle to recreate the civilization can be expected from those who were ensconced in this educational system?
Jonathan considered how difficult it was for one family to agree and work together. Here on the plane there were many families and many single people of all ages. There were Canadians, Australians, Chinese from Hong Kong and Singapore. There was even several Japanese nationals though the predominant crowd was Americans. But even this was no completely homogenous group.
Many hailed from California both the southern LA area and the northern Bay Area. But also Americans from Colorado, Arizona and Nevada. He wondered how much or perhaps how little in common most of the people on the flight had with each other.
This will be a challenge. A big challenge.
At least the sense of individuality is still strong in the states. That may be the saving grace. Yet, this started him thinking on the paradox of individualism versus conformity.
However, he blocked this. It would make him dizzy if he had to contemplate it further. Better to prepare for Vancouver Island. Philosophizing may be all well and good but the first priority is survival.


CHAPTER SIX


Jonathan was sitting up in the cockpit. The captain, co-pilot and perhaps the navigator felt a sense of normalcy with him near. He was after all the ‘expert’ in global catastrophes.
Or it could be since Dr. Prezlee had a strong understanding of the recent events and its probable aftermath he was calm and relaxed and the crew needed to be around a person who seemed to be at ease.
“Well Jonathan,” said Captain Schollander. “There’s Vancouver Island.”
It was hard to know the exact time but they figured they had three hours left of daylight. Since the island was only three hundred miles long it was felt they could find a spot in accordance with their needs in the time they had.
It had been discussed the first area to be considered for landing would be in the northern part of Vancouver Island. Somewhere in the neighborhood east of Port Hardy. Terry McNeill knew the area in an oft handed way from wondering about a little port there with his name on it. He assured them the area would meet their needs in every respect.
They had gone out to the ocean on their flight north but not too far from the coasts of Oregon and Washington. A straighter line would therefore mean a shorter flight time while proximity to land may be important if they encountered the swarm.
Jonathan could see Mt. Rainier in the distance or what he thought must be Mt. Rainer. The plume of ashes obscured the full visage of the volcano. Fortunately, the prevailing winds were blowing the ashes eastward.
Terry pointed, “I think that must’ve been Victoria.”
They all looked and though they could see it must have been a large sprawling city there were no signs it had once been home to a world class metropolis. It just didn’t exist anymore as a city.
Captain Schollander flew the plane on the western edge of Vancouver Island and on the intercom told the passengers he’ll drop down to five thousand feet. Whatever hamlets or towns occupied this side of the island they occupied the area no longer. Everything was washed inland. As he approached the northern end he swung around to follow the island on its eastern shore.
He went lower still to get a view of Port Hardy and the area just northwest of it. They could see open areas for possible landing sites. Yet, on closer observation they realized they would have to stay away from areas that once sported the great trees of Canada; the big pines and the Douglas firs. In the once wooded valleys or slopes few trees were left standing.
As they flew over Port Hardy they could not see anything still standing but it hadn’t been pushed into the sound. Evidently the tsunami didn’t reach the area and only the massive earthquakes or the crustal shift caused the destruction.
They traveled inland from Port McNeill over Quatsino Sound. Nothing was there anymore. The tsunami had pushed everything out of its way and left a swath of sand and debris. It was possible that the northern area was now an island unto itself. The captain turned and headed back to Port Hardy.

<<<  >>>

“Well Jonathan,” said the captain. “There’s a large wide area. Looks as if it could be flat and just to the east is a ridge you were talking about.”
Jonathan nodded. It was probably as good a place as any and less than twenty miles from Port Hardy. But he still had concerns over food.
“Can we check out the area just north of Port Hardy? We’ll need to be near water so we can get a supply of fish.”
Captain Schollander nodded. There seemed to be at least one hour of daylight left.
They flew lower over the area of Port Hardy and they did indeed see a valley north of the town and it appeared to be devoid of fallen trees. It was underneath a small rounded mount in a low range of hills.
Captain Schollander flew over the valley as low as safety permitted and the quick discussion in the cockpit was unanimous. They would try for the valley.
As they flew low towards the water they could see survivors in Port Hardy. As is the custom the world over the people waved. Terry thought he saw as many as a hundred.
“To all passengers and crew. Though your seat belts should be fastened I’m advising you to tighten them as tight as comfort will allow. We are going to land in the valley we have gone over and though it appears flat enough for our purposes it will still be bumpy at the very least. Flight attendants stow everything in the overhead compartments. Nothing below the seats. Absolutely nothing. Nothing should be in your hands or on your laps. This is a safety issue and I will not land the plane until Stacy, the head flight attendant, gives me the all clear.”
He paused for a few moments then added, “if you’re of a religious mind than I would appreciate your prayers.”
They passed over the valley again and the captain had a very good idea of how he wanted to land his 300,000 ton bird. Once he received the all clear from Stacy he angled the plane for the altitude and direction he needed to put her down.

<<<  >>>

“That wasn’t so bad was it?”
McNeill the navigator was beaming as was Bob the co-pilot. Captain Schollander took a minute with an audible sigh. “That was great flying Tony.” Bob slapped the captain on the shoulder then lightly pummeled his biceps.
The joy was contagious and even Jonathan smiled. Terry shook his hand, “we’re here in one piece.” They all sat and enjoyed not being in the air and the silence from the droning of plane’s huge engines.
Stacy came back and reported no one was injured in the landing. Captain Schollander ran his fingers through his hair and scratched his scalp. “I guess we’ll have to organize the deplaning as well as sleeping arrangements.”
“Might be nice to make contact with those people in Port Hardy,” said Jonathan. “Though it’s rather doubtful it will be tonight. We’ll need to set up safe quarters along the ridge.”
“Mate, you’re bringing me down,” said Terry. However he still sported a very large smile so Jonathan knew he wasn’t too serious.
As they readied the chutes Jonathan advised caution for the first few to use them. “The powder on the chute will make the first couple fly down.” Therefore, he was picked lead the way.
Tossing his pack first he sat down then gently pushed off. And went hurtling down. Looking down from a standing position to the ground twenty feet below seemed like a long way. Until he sped down the chute. It was over quickly and fiercely. He had longer rides on his surf board at ‘Pops’ or ‘Queen’s’ in Waikiki.
Next came Hawk then the large Hawaiian man named Keoni. They were there to assist the passengers as they came down. Jonathan was grateful none of the women were obviously pregnant. He didn’t want to think about what a mess that could’ve been. However, it was no picnic to help the overweight passengers and many of the Americans and Australians were unfortunately in this category. Not for long was all he could think as he broke a sweat in assisting them.
As sleeping arrangements were discussed many on the plane decided it would be a more comfortable to remain to sleep there.
“That’s not a good idea Captain Schollander. We don’t know when or where the meteor swarm will return.”
However, many of those who wanted to remain in the plane were vigorous and insistent they had a right to stay. They had paid their fare and they were not at the destination of said fare. Captain Schollander was tired from flying and especially from the anxiety over the fate of the plane and the fate of mankind. Plus, those insisting on this were American and he was an Australian. He just hadn’t the heart to argue at this point.
And the weather was against him. It was quite warm but not hot. A mild breeze stirred and the humidity wasn’t too high. The valley, where the wheels hadn’t gouged out the grass, was green and pleasant. Looked like a beautiful, peaceful park. Trees were still standing along the ridge and sides of the valley. No ashes or cinders fell. But the bugs were out in force.
It promoted the illusion they had been transported to another world. A world of serenity. It made one think there hadn’t been or at least there was danger no longer. Yet, that thought in itself was dangerous and Jonathan tried arguing but received heated words, shouts and even some swearing for his troubles.
He too was tired and just wanted a bite to eat and a long nap.
Keoni patted Jonathan in the shoulder, “no worries bruddah. Myself and my family will go wit’ you. We t’ink brah, this the work of one pissed off Pele an’ we know you understand. We’ll listen and do what you do.” Keoni smiled and his wife and two small children joined the big man.
Hawk and his young wife came over to where Jonathan and Keoni and his family were. Also Bill Lorazini strolled over.
“Doesn’t seem like a worst case scenario her,” said Lorazini as he looked around the valley. But he was smiling. Then he got serious. “Jonathan you promised to tell us all about the worst case scenario. Is this a good time?”
“No,” Jonathan shook his head. “We need food for our dinner and some blankets and cushions and a safe spot…just in case.”
“Then before sleep I’ll talk about what I know of these catastrophes and what I think it means. That okay with you all?” They all agreed and went to where supper was being prepared.
CHAPTER SEVEN


Jonathan had been looking for a comfortable and safe place to spend the night. As he walked around the slope facing the airbus he noticed a rock outcropping that had punched its way to the surface. It lay at a slight angle and therefore was perfect for his place of slumber and that of those who had attached themselves to him. He put his pack down to claim the area and returned and had supper.
The meal though better than the average plane food was still airplane fare and left most of the passengers hungry. However, he and his group had several packets of nuts and the like and sat under the outcrop and munched. They had had to sweep the area of twigs but it appeared they would have a fairly flat area to slumber upon.
“So, Jonathan. What can you tell us about this, ahm, global cataclysm?” asked Lorazini.
“Well, I can only make a comparison…”
“Yes, Jonathan we understand you’re a scientist and loathe to commit yourself but if you could spare us the rigmarole and get to what we need to know…”
“Ah. Okay. Our earth has undergone many global catastrophes. In fact, it’s probable that we owe our very existence to such cataclysms. We wouldn’t have an atmosphere for example without some sort of envelop to be a shield from solar radiation. Plants cannot grow without a shield, an atmosphere. You cannot get an atmosphere without plants. So the development of a shield probably came about from an external cause. Actually, that has always been a problem in science, at least those who are gradualists. For gradualism in trying to explain much of what we see and the phenomena around us is like forcing a square peg in a round hole.”
“And this has what to do with our present situation? Jonathan don’t digress. Give us something to get a handle on?” Lorazini was being kind of a pain in the ass to the erstwhile professor. Yet, Jonathan was beginning to see this wasn’t a classroom. This wasn’t an academic question. This was about nuts and bolts. About surviving.
Jonathan mentally hit his forehead. He had been wondering about how others would adjust and he realized he hadn’t yet made the transition. 
A bit of a conundrum here.
For anyone who has studied a subject in depth there are complexities which must be acknowledged from which to build on. However, Jonathan also understood the need of the mystery writer and the others to have concrete knowledge so they would be able to have a ‘handle’ on it. A ‘handle’ would help in feeling less anxious and maybe give them a chance to make good decisions. The ‘handle’ may not be complete but it would act as an anchor.
“Hmm. Okay, I think I see. I have talked about the pole shift. Correct?”
“Yeah, brah but you go over it again, eh?”
“This is jus…well, it appears to me and confirmed by the navigator that the rotation and the axis of the earth has undergone a major change. Another words, our earth does not have the same inclination to the sun. This means several things. If the change is toward zero, we were at twenty-three degrees, than our summers will be longer and the winters milder.”
“Is dat why it’s so warm heah?”
“No. It’s my guess that the heat we’re feeling is really radiating, coming, from beneath us. It’s called a thermal gradient. This heat was generated by the crustal movement, a shift, or by the change in the inclination so the change in the poles.”
“So it will be heah for a while den?”
“Yes. I wish I could’ve said it so succinctly.”
“I wish you could have also.”
“Don’t be a smart ass Bill.”
“Sorry.”
“Well. When the poles shifted, from whichever action, this heat gradient will alter all weather patterns. The shift will trigger tectonic movement, earthquakes and volcanic activity. But the most devastating of all is the tsunamis. Anyone or anything exposed to these huge waves will be obliterated. The power of these tsunamis is immense.”
He reflected for a few seconds. “Consider what we saw along that sound to Port McNeill. Terry, McNeill the navigator, told me it was twenty miles or so from the mouth of the narrow sound to land. A tsunami from the equator came all that distance and pushed forty miles and wiped out that town. It’s mind boggling to me and I cannot even conceive how high the wave was. Seventy, eighty, a hundred feet? Higher? I don’t know.”
“Jonathan how long can this tsunami activity continue?”
“Ah, Bill that’s a good question. After the initial displacement I would guess the only cause of tsunamis would be seismic activity somewhere at the ocean floor. I would think that would be a possibility for some time and completely unpredictable.”
“You remember the tsunami which hit the northeastern side of Japan? That was caused by an earthquake on the ocean floor. Potentially that is a minor incident for what we may face in the coming months and years.”
“How about the meteors. You call them a swarm?”
“Um, yeah. The only meteor field that would be larger, at least in my knowledge, would be the asteroid belt. The meteor activity, primarily the Leonids and the Perseids, has decreased over the millennium so we see less every year. So I’m pretty sure this is not from the any of those two swarms.”
Again Jonathan was tempted to go into more depth but held himself back. “What we have now is unbelievable in terms of size and amount. When I was in the cockpit I saw the leading edge. I can’t even guess at the width of it. Hundreds of miles wide – probably. Again, there was no way for me to know but a thousand miles wide may not be an exaggeration. And long. It seemed longer than it was wide.”
“You said something about resonance?” asked Lorazini.
“Yeah. Now we’re getting into astrophysics which is not my strong suit. But basically if I have it right it means if two bodies, the bodies in this case being the swarm and our planet, have resonance then they will continue to interact. There is no way to know when the swarm will return but if it’s in resonance with us it will be back. Though I must say the likelihood of it coming our way tonight probably isn’t too high.”
“You mentioned something about decades.”
“Right. The swarm will probably return at unspecified times for a while. It will eventually be plotted and then the orbit can be predicted. However, there is no way for the swarm to leave if it’s in resonance unless something comes along to pull it away. If there is nothing to disrupt the swarm’s orbit it’ll end when all the individual pieces of the swarm drops on us or all the meteors burn up in our atmosphere. It could be centuries.”
 “But ya know, there was something odd about that swarm. If I was a mathematician maybe I could calculate the amount of meteors but the number must be in the six figures. And the density of it was…beyond reason. And so many big ones. I don’t know but it just doesn’t feel right somehow.”
“But you don’t know a lot about meteors,” Hawk said. Dry as a piece of toast. The logger wished he could take a greater part in the discussion but he was lumberjack. He cut down trees and was not that many years out of high school so felt a little intimidated around Lorazini and Prezlee. However, he had been a football player in high school playing center and he had a real sense of teamwork. His instincts told him Prezlee was someone to stay close to.
“Where do you think this swarm came from?” asked Lorazini.
“That’s the surprising thing. The swarm seemed to appear in the northern hemisphere first. So why wasn’t it sighted?”
“That’s why I’m asking…or I’m not sure what I’m asking but what is your thinking on it?”
“A few years ago a large meteor passed between the moon and earth. The size of the meteor is what may be termed, and Hawk you’ll appreciate this, a widow-maker. Some astronomers felt if it had hit us an extinction event would have occurred. What’s amazing is that the meteor wasn’t spotted until it came in range of the telescopes from northern hemisphere. There weren’t many telescopes from down under at the time therefore objects from that direction remained unobserved. The meteor was never spotted until it was past our planet. Now there are more telescopes everywhere, including in space so why wasn’t a swarm this large and moving this fast noticed?”
“I don’t know Bill but it just seems wrong to me.”
“But how could it be, well, wrong?” asked Hawk.
“I wish I knew. But another thing is the lack of communication. Why is there such a complete lack of communication? I don’t know off hand but if someone in the know said there was one hundred satellites in orbit I’d believe him. So how could this swarm knock out all the satellites? And wouldn’t there still be other forms of wireless communication which would not be effected by the satellites?”
“Sounds like very good questions,” said Lorazini. “Have you any theories?”
“None. But I have this nagging suspicion that tells me we need to find those answers though for the life of me I haven’t a clue as to why.” Prezlee yawned.
“Bruddah, you need some sleep brah. You t’ink we be safe heah?”
“Sure. We’re in the lee of the swarm. And if you consider that earth’s circumference is around twenty five thousand mile…”
“K’den brah. We are safe and you go sleep li’dat.” Jonathan smiled and realized he was exhausted. He nodded to Keoni and said his good-nights to all. He laid back and placed his head on the two airplane pillows he had snatched and placed in his back pack. One pillow was just not enough. He then draped the thin airbus blanket loosely over him. He wondered how long it would take…


CHAPTER EIGHT


THUD
Jonathan opened his eyes. Maybe he was dreaming of Jack and the Beanstalk. ‘Kinda felt like the tread of a giant.’ He sighed and started to close his eyes. Then his eyes were wide open.
‘A shooting star. Oh, so pretty. Should I make a wish?’ He briefly considered what wish he might make. Then two more shooting stars blazed overhead. ‘Wow. Must be my lucky…’
THUD
Jonathan was lifted into a sitting position. ‘That was no giant.’ The others were stirring or had also awoken.
“What was that?” someone asked.
No one answered. They all guessed but none wanted to say in hopes that if they didn’t mention the word then perhaps it won’t be true.
THUD. THUD. THUD. Hawk and Keoni looked at each other. “You thinking what I’m thinking?”
“Yeah, brah.”
They held their collective breaths but did not have to hold them long.
A rain of small hailstones came down. All eight of them scrunched underneath the cramped little area the outcrop afforded in protection. It rained for several minutes. It was so loud no one could talk to their neighbor though little was needed to be said.
Keoni’s wife Lanni hugged her two children to her and tried to shield them. Keoni used his big body to shield Lanni. The raining hailstones hit everywhere and at every angle. A few of these very hard and hot stones made it into the shelter of the outcropped rock and stung and hurt with an unexpected impact for something the size of a pea.
The raining hail slackened. Then the thuds began in earnest. The noise of the incoming space rocks picked up. The meteors streaking down to hit the ground were heard. As they hit the ground they were felt. This must be what a fire fight with heavy artillery was like thought Jonathan. Before long the screams started.
Their fellow passengers were screaming.
They had no idea how many of the passengers had stayed on the airbus but possibly one fifth had refused to deplane. Perhaps in the neighborhood of forty people. There were many passengers who would not have used the chute had they known the option was available to stay in the comfort of the airbus. Since it was too difficult to climb back up into the plane those who had already alit probably remained on the ground. Jonathan hoped they had searched and found some shelter.
It was still dark and the only light was from the burning of the streaking meteors. It was horrorifying. There was no other word for it and maybe that word didn’t convey the horror. The horror of hearing people being torn asunder by the meteors. The horror of not being able to render any assistance. And the horror of the darkness which intensifies the unknown demons and transmits a stark reality of powerlessness. They anguished in abject impotence for being unable to aid those helpless people hurt or dying only meters away.
The meteors were not choosy. The big and small hit in every conceivable place. The meteors hit all around the huddled group beneath the outcrop. They slammed into the ground in front of them and several times the meteors hit the outcrop casting rock shrapnel in all directions. They could hear the meteorites pass through the branches of the evergreen trees.
Hawk who had the only watch amongst the group said the fury of the swarm lasted probably two hours. He wasn’t sure when he first checked his watch but guessed it was a half hour into the swarm’s bombardment.
However, the deluge did not hit the side of the ridge to the extent the meteors hit in the open valley where the airbus was parked. All in the huddled group felt extremely fortunate to have heeded Jonathan’s advice. Jonathan felt sick.
He felt he should have argued with more force. Or persuasion. He should have argued more doggedly regarding El Capitan those many years ago too. But no one was hurt then with the possible exception of Jonathan’s pride and idealism in his acquiesce of silence. Here people died.
No. He didn’t know how many died nor would that have been important. People could not have taken the kind of strikes he witnessed from the meteorite shower and survive. He didn’t know the speed the space stones had fallen but it had to be several hundred miles an hour for the smaller stones and maybe in the thousands of miles per hour for the larger ones. Enough for a small stone to kill if it hit the right spot. A large stone…?
When the swarm had passed Jonathan and his group and everyone in the valley who was not hurt could hear the groans and the sobbing. A woman was shrieking as she cried and though they couldn’t understand what she was trying to say they knew her husband or child was injured or worse.
The oddest thing was the silence. Though people cried out with pain and loss there was an eerie kind of silence underlying the obvious agony for several minutes. The aftermath of the torrential meteors was stillness. Even nature was hushed.
Jonathan thought this must be what it’s like during war.
It was still dark.
“Let’s wait a few minutes. Make sure all the swarm has passed. Then see if we can help. It should be daylight soon.” Jonathan actually said this but he would not have remembered. It was an unconscious and reflexive declaration. He was considering what the next decisions should be.


CHAPTER NINE


“Can anyone hear me?” A voice called out loudly.
Other voices rang out and Jonathan was hopeful because he heard many voices.
It was still dark and no sign of a sunrise.
“Prezlee. Are you all right?”
“Yeah. Is that you Terry?”
“Right. How many with you? And do you have a torch?”
Hawk said to the others, “a torch?”
“I think he must mean a flashlight,” Lorazini said.
They conversed quickly amongst themselves, “no Terry. I think we have some matches but no flashlight. There are eight of us here.”
“Where are you…I mean from the airbus?”
Again the group was quick to decide. “We think we went about a hundred to a hundred twenty yards up the slope and kinda in line with the nose of the plane at a ninety-five degree angle.” Jonathan added, “the only thing we can see are a few trees right in front of us.”
“Any in your group have any nursing skills?”
The group again conversed. “Only Beth, the wife of Hawk,” Jonathan said. “She’s a nurse’s aide.”
“We need her down here.” This statement by Jim was flat and terse and filled with foreboding. “Do you think she can come down?”
Beth said yes. “Terry, can you get some fires going so we have something to guide us?”
“We’ve started two but not by the nose. Will get one started right away.”
In ten minutes the group was able to see some light peeking through the foliage and they started their descent. They knew the terrain wasn’t difficult but could see so little that the progress was slow. They held hands as they went down the hillside with Keoni leading the way. Even still they all fell down once or twice except Keoni’s two boys. At age seven and ten they were spry, agile and too short for most of the branches to knock them about.
Eventually they made it to the valley floor without serious incident though it seemed to have taken them a long time. More than half way down they had a good view of the fire near the nose of the airbus and the last forty yards or so was negotiated quickly without mishap. McNeill was waiting for them.
“How’d you guys fare?”
Jonathan’s group looked around to each other. “I guess we’re fine. Some scrapes and scratches but that’s it. How about you and the crew…I’m guessing you guys hung together.” Terry led them towards the open hatch.
“Right. We found a, what’d the guy from Colorado call it, a holler, and I don’t mean the shouting kind but…”
“Yeah, I know. A small little vale. Go on.”
“Right. The Colorado guy had spotted it as we came in. Not too far from the tail. Well there were thirty of us in all and we had a small spade to clear away the debris. Leaves and twigs and what-have-you so there was a pretty safe area as you had described we’d be needing...” They stopped at the hatch. Terry turned to Hawk’s wife.
“Beth do you think you can help the docs with the injured?” Terry pointed up.
Beth looked up, “if I can get up there.”
Hawk was quick to add, “safely.”
“They’ve rigged up a sling and hoist. Captain Schollander is already there.” Jim called out and one of the medics peered down. “Get a sling ready. Beth here’s an aide.”
Jonathan took a good look at the airbus. It was riddled with holes. Mostly small holes but some were larger than a fist. A couple were larger than a basketball. Keoni had been following Jonathan’s gaze and let out a whistle when he saw the same destruction.
“Terry, how many were in the plane?”
McNeill looked up and seemed reluctant to say. “Fifty seven.”
“What?”
“The hoist and sling were rigged up and several who had come down went back up after you left.” Jonathan’s mouth was slack and open.
“Yeah, Captain Schollander feels awful. He was tired and let himself be talked into allowing some to remain. He wouldn’t let any of the crew stay, thank heavens.”
“I wish I could have been more persuasive. I could of…”
“It’s not your fault Jonathan. They were going to stay no matter what. There are people who just know better, contrary to reason.”
“Huh, reminds me of what my mother used to say.”
“What’s that?”
“Oh, about people doing the opposite to their interests. She always used the Reagon revolution as an example. The U. S. had the greatest standard of living in the history of the world in the 60’s and 70’s and it ended when Reagon was elected bringing in Friedman economic practices. It hurt 98% of the people who voted for him and the standard of living plummeted for all but the…”
“Does he always talk like this?” Terry asked.
“’Fraid so.” Lorazini said.
McNeill brought the others to the tail section where a fire was going. About fifty people were already there. They could hear some grunting from the hollow. Jim pointed in that direction, “digging out and under this ridge. We weren’t overly prepared but better late than never.”
Jonathan thought he could see the first faint glimmer of dawn. “What about Port Hardy?”
“We thought about that too but two problems. One, the swarm went right over them and two, it’s several miles of open land. If you’re caught out…when the swarm…” He left the rest unsaid.
Jonathan continued to look towards the little port town. He realized the danger but he felt it was necessary.
So did Keoni. He placed his hand on Jonathan’s shoulder, “I’ll go brah.”
Jonathan shook his head. “You’ve got a wife and kids Keoni. If the swarm comes back to this spot it won’t be for a little while at least.” Though he wasn’t too sure he believed this. The swarm was acting in a very erratic and random fashion.
Terry put his hand on Jonathan’s other shoulder, “I hate to say it Jonathan but you’re one of the few people here that’s indispensable. We can’t have you getting…”
Jonathan didn’t like hearing this. There was a responsibility in that he understood but it sounded elitist. He wanted to be listened to of course but not followed. He wasn’t leader material. “I’d like to go…I’d…feel better if I went.”
“K’den brah, I go wit you. When do we leave?”


CHAPTER TEN


Jonathan, Keoni and Hawk were walking south and found there were no roads. However they did run across bike trails. Primarily dirt bikes Jonathan guessed. Eventually they reached the outskirts to what the locals probably thought as a major artery – Mayor Way.
They had talked about what they might find in Port Hardy but optimism was soon replaced by pessimism then by dismal cynicism. The area between the ridge and the town was heavily cratered.
Many of the craters were small. No more than five to fifteen feet across axially and roughly that deep. However there were some very large craters. A few seemed to be at least several hundred feet long, less than half that wide and nearly half that deep. They walked around one of the larger ones and looked down. It still smoked and they could feel the heat from it.
“If several of these hit the town the town will be gone,” Hawk said.
“These will become small lakes by next year,” Jonathan said to no one.
The rising sun had initially increased the chatter among the three as they headed to Port Hardy. But after seeing the destruction they tended toward silence as they trekked. The day was hardly begun when they realized it would be warm. Very warm. A mild breeze picked up from the ocean to their backs and this helped ease the sweat which rolled down their foreheads. 
When they reached Mayor Way they also reached the start of the housing area. Probably very nice houses judging by the size of the foundations and the amount of debris that had once been structures.
They called out to each home they came across but there was no return answer. They decided to continue south on what one sign still standing indicated was Granville St.
Again not one house stood and the cratering became extensive. They came upon a roof in one lot on the corner of Thunderbird Way. No house stood but the roof was off to the side and intact except for a large hole right at the peak.
The three called out but no one answered. They found an entry way of sorts at the eastern edge of the roof and looked in. A crater more than ten feet in length was there. They could see some blankets and pieces of what looked to be stuffed animals. The flies were out in force inside this makeshift shelter.
“Son of a bitch,” said one of them. Or maybe all of them. They looked on in equal parts horror and disbelief.
“How many kaikis brah?”
“A couple I’d guess,” said Jonathan. They backed away from there once they determined no one was alive. They continued down Granville St. A half mile later they were in the downtown area and only a couple of small blocks to the marina.
Finally people.
They reached the corner of Market St. and saw there was a clinic. People were going in. The three went in as well. There was no back to the clinic but a tarp had been rigged up to shelter those in beds.
They stood in the small reception area. Several people were sitting in chairs and resting after being seen, quite noticeable from the bandages, or soon to be seen quite noticeable as wounds and blood were quite evident.
“Have you three been aboot?” said a tall lanky fellow with a brown hair comma over his forehead. He was dressed in blue scrubs with a stethoscope dangling around his neck.
The three turned to the speaker. “I’m sorry,” said Jonathan. “We just got…”
“Oh, you haven’t found anybody, ay,” said the rather lanky fellow. “And you thought I wouldn’t notice ya slackin’”
Jonathan just looked at Keoni and Hawk then back to the blue scrubs, “we’re from the plane that landed last evening. We came down to see if we could help.”
“You a Yank? And how many in the plane?”
“Yeah. Many’re from the states. There’s around two hundred on the plane…” And Jonathan’s voice caught and couldn’t continue.
“Quite a few were injured though about one hundred and fifty weren’t. They’re digging in for the next swarm attack,” said Hawk.
“You got injured? Better bring them here. We have…”
“No brah. You stay heah you die heah. Better you come wit us.”
“Maybe I should introduce myself. I’m Dr. Bond. Jim Bond.”
Jonathan smiled, “I’m Dr. Prezlee, Jonathan, and this is Keoni and Hawk. And Keoni is right. There seems to be no rhyme or reason to this swarm. We’ve seen it twice now.”
Dr. Bond stood transfixed. “What’s that you say? You’ve seen the swarm two times. How can that be?”
“Bruddah, Jonathan will tell you all you need to know. Go ahead. Tell ‘im.”
Jonathan took a few moments to gather his thoughts. “Dr. Bond let me start at the beginning.”

<<<  >>>

“That the swarm seems to be circling the planet like El Nino doesn’t make sense, I know, but considering what we’ve witnessed it would be better to encamp under a ridge. If you haven’t seen the damage caused by the falling meteors…” Again Jonathan’s throat was too constricted to continue to speak.
“We saw a house, no I guess it was a roof where a meteor…”
“By Thunderbird Way? Yes, the Johnson’s, ay. I’d heard aboot that.”
Dr. Bond was quiet as he thought. “Yes, I can see the reality of what you say. Still it’s hard, ay, to believe a meteor shower could be so devastating and so persistent. First the earthquakes and the tsunami. Yes, we know aboot Port McNeill. Must’ve been some wave to push through the sound and thirty kilometers over rough land to wipe out that town.”
“Dr. Bond…”
“Call me Jim…Jonathan right?”
“Right. Jim, you know this town and for all of us to survive we’ll need to help each other. I just thought of something we’ll need and there’s probably a ton of stuff we’ll not think of ‘til later so if you can point us in the right direction maybe we can start getting things.”
“What did you just think of?”
“Guns of some type as well as fishing gear. I’m pretty sure there’s game and there should be fish. At some point we’ll have to grow crops but that may not be for a while.”
“I see you’ve given this some thought, ay. Okay, I’ll get one of the guys who’ve come back to help you do some shopping. I can’t leave right now but some time today it would be good to get the less serious injured out of here.”


CHAPTER ELEVEN


Terry McNeill shaded his eyes. He was flabbergasted. It seemed to his very tired eyes that a convoy of disparate vehicles was slowly worming its way to them. Other passengers came to stand with Terry and also watched the progress.
Captain Schollander called out from the hatch. “It’s Jonathan I think. Oh, I can see the big Hawaiian. Sure. They’re bringing…well, I guess we’ll soon find out what they’re bringing.”
Although the distance from the plane to the edge of Port Hardy was only slightly more than two miles the vehicles had to avoid the craters and had to go in a zig-zag like route. Jonathan and Keoni were out in front blazing a secure trail. The lead truck was driven by Hawk.
The three had been that way once so they were the obvious choice to help get the vehicles to the plane safely. Though the time it took them to reach the airbus seemed to McNeill to be hours it was nearer to one hour from the time he spotted the vehicular procession. His nervousness increased dramatically when as he watched the column move towards him; had completely forgotten the three until that moment. Now he couldn’t stop thinking about them.
“What have you brought us?” yelled Terry to Jonathan and Keoni. The navigator could not help but laugh.
In the convoy were SUV’s, trucks, one school bus and at the rear a back hoe. As the vehicles came to a halt out popped the drivers and occupants.
“We brought many of the survivors and many things that can help us dig in,” said Jonathan as he walked up to Terry.
A large rather robust man energetically walked up to Terry, Jonathan and Keoni. He was noticeably under six feet in height but must’ve weighed close to three hundred pounds. He had an air of authority and was dressed in tailored jacket and pants with an amazingly ornate and elaborate vest which nearly covered his abdomen.
“Hello there. Who’s in charge? My name is Sean Tinker…Tink for short. I’m on the city council for Port Hardy.”
Terry looked at Jonathan and Keoni as Hawk strolled up. “Ah, well we don’t really have anyone in charge. We just got here, ah, Tink.”
“I see. Well let me…”
“Tink. If I may…after we get settled we can address that issue. We have five or six nationalities here though most are from democracies.” Terry stressed democracies. “But we haven’t had much time to evaluate our position nor make any plans for leadership. On the plane Captain Schollander is of course in charge but here we are on the ground as you can see. Right now we need to dig out a safe area for all of us against another meteor attack. It’s in lee of the swarm and it will protect us…and your people as well. So if you have any able bodies and tools we can finish all the more quickly. After last night most feel it’s a priority.”
“Hrumph.” Sean Tinker did an about-face and went back to his constituency.
“Terry. I didn’t know you had it in you,” said Jonathan. “Your longest speech to date?”
McNeill smiled and nodded his head. The people from Port Hardy were now in the vicinity and milled around separate from the airbus passengers. They talked in small groups but mostly they were listless and had the look of defeat.
Keoni pointed his big arm, “you and you dare. Come heah. I see you one strong kinda fellas so get da tools an’ bring dem where Terry says. Kay?” Two young men nodded and went to get the shovels and rakes.
“Terry, were do you want da back hoe?”
“Right. All those who can work come with me.” And a half a dozen young and middle aged men went over to the navigator. Keoni went with the driver of the back hoe and they drove it past the nose of the airbus where there were bodies already laid out.
“I’ll help unload the food,” said Hawk.
Captain Schollander came down the chute to join them. “Jonathan I’d like you to be part of a question session tonight if you would. There are a lot of things still for you to tell us.”
“Hello captain I’m Sean Tinker, Tink for short…”
“Yes, yes, I heard councilman. How many people have you brought?”
“Thirty. All healthy survivors.”
“That’s all that’s left of your town?”
“No. There are maybe fifty left in town.”
“What? Don’t they know the danger of the meteors?”
“Yes, but many are injured and the others are nursing them. Some can’t be moved.”
“Oh. I see. Hmm. Right. One of our priorities is to have some kind of infirmary here. It’s much too dangerous to leave them there.”
“We quite agree. One fourth of the townspeople are missing or known to be dead. We don’t know how many tourists were here but we think forty or fifty. Only nine are accounted for.”
Captain Schollander was silent and grim faced. “Any communications?” he asked Jonathan.
“No. There is a chance of a ham radio operator on a First Nations reservation and a government worker who knows many of the people there went up to see. I can’t say I’m too optimistic. We noticed some big craters that way.”

<<<  >>>

With around a hundred people working on different projects for safe accommodations, an infirmary and storage for food, mostly cans and packaged dried food, the work went quickly. The anxiety of further swarm attacks certainly didn’t hurt the efforts.
A medic and the veterinarian had volunteered to go to Port Hardy and help Dr. Bond. Of the fifty seven in the plane and the eight who had slept underneath the airbus fourteen had already died and five were in serious to critical condition. Another twenty had serious injuries but not life threatening if they were given quality medical treatment.
The medic and veterinarian were also to try and seek antibiotics and bandages and other supplies. Several amputations would probably have to be performed and the need for a sterile environment was necessary to ensure recovery. They would also help assess how many could make the trip to ‘Busland’ as the little community was calling the area.
Hawk drove them in the school bus with Jonathan riding shot gun; he stood on the railing above the cab and called out the route. The route however was fairly discernable after the earlier convoy. They returned to pick up more supplies.
On their return from Port Hardy they had several of the injured who were allowed to make the trip to ‘Busland’ as well as a dozen from the Tsulquate Reservation. Some had minor injuries while the others had none.
Jonathan and Hawk also had scrounged mattresses and other bedding as well as more food, lanterns, an outdoor grille and a hibachi with fuel and charcoal. Jonathan assumed this was going to be a lengthy stay. Anything which may aid the community in the coming weeks, months and years he put in the school bus.
He marveled at the organizational skills of Captain Schollander, Bob Ferguson the co-pilot, Terry McNeill and several others who had administrative experience. There was even a few who were in construction and the building of the infirmary and safe lodgings moved rapidly and without chaos.
The plane was stripped of all cushions and usable material. The passenger’s luggage had been removed though much had yet to be examined. The back hoe was used first to dig graves then assisted in clearing a strip so they could tunnel into the hill.
Jonathan was encouraged. When there was good leadership and the necessity to pull together people could work incredibly well collectively and diligently. They could put aside the grief and fear and pessimism to achieve through harmony the beginnings of a community. A safe community at least. The mission of a group of people with the expressed purpose of surviving.
Yet, Jonathan didn’t fool himself. There was yet much more to do.


CHAPTER TWELVE


Jonathan had just finished telling the newcomers, both the townspeople of Port Hardy and the tourists, of what the passengers on the airbus had experienced.
Dinner was served and none went hungry this night. The survivors felt a sense of accomplishment and with a full stomach and tired muscles people were relaxed. The loss of life was not openly grieved but was instead silently internalized. Those in conversations used quiet tones but had clear voices. This told Jonathan that pessimism had at least for the moment been suppressed.
Jonathan wondered if the reason may in part be due to the shared optimism that they were going to survive. He himself harbored this thought. The labor they undertook today towards the goal of survival was a panacea. He wondered if continued exertion not only for safety but to regain their material culture would postpone the grieving process.
“So Jonathan,” asked Tink, “you don’t know when this swarm will re…?”
“Take cover,” someone yelled.
As the two hundred odd survivors had encamped in the hollow they quickly and without any panic retired to the newly excavated man-made cavern. Jonathan was one of the last to walk under and into the shelter. He wanted to see the swarm.
A few thuds were heard before the raining barad, small hail stones, began. This time the pea sized hail lasted less than a half hour and no major meteor impacts were seen or felt. When the coast seemed clear and there was still an hour or more of daylight they left the cavern and congregated in the hollow.
“To answer your question Tink, no. I do not know nor can I predict as yet when the swarm will return.” The councilman was visibly shaken. Whether from awareness he would not be a leader in this community or from the realization his life no longer had permanence and conventionality was unclear.
“I think the swarm, ay, is burning itself out,” said one of the townspeople. “This pass had only the small stones. That’s right, ay?”
Heads turned to Jonathan who had his brows furled in thought. “Jonathan?”
“Huh?”
“Has all the big meteors of the swarm burned up?” asked Jim.
“Well, I’ve been giving it some thought after last night’s meteor attack. I’m not sure…”
“Jonathan will you get to the point?” Lorazini asked.
“Okay. I would say no. The swarm tonight is not the same as last night. I’m even wondering if the first swarm we saw was the same as last night’s.”


PART II
CHAPTER ONE


“I’m telling ya Jonathan there’s aliens here,” insisted Hawk.
“And why do you think that again?”
“I’m positive I saw a space ship. Aliens would be on a spaceship right?”
“Well, theoretically, yes. But how do you know it was a spaceship and not some stuff which fell from the sky? Or maybe it was an American or Canadian plane of some kind?”
“I wondered about that myself and I can’t be sure it wasn’t. It just doesn’t make any sense that’s all if it was from us or the Canucks. They wouldn’t try to be secret and this was a secret landing.”
“Hawk I’ve some thoughts on aliens visiting our planet over the centuries. We’re sentient due to an amazing concordance of occurrences over millions of years. Mostly catastrophic by the way…”
“Yes, yes, you’ve told me but it had lights and descended, that’s the right word, right? It descended slowly and in control.”
“You know it’s hard to believe in aliens and UFOs until you see one and I haven’t seen one.”
“And there hasn’t been any meteor swarm for several months. You yourself said the swarm acted, ahm, inconsistently right? Maybe there’s a connection.”
“Well…” Jonathan reflected. It’s true the swarm never acted in a correct fashion but that may be due to a lack of understanding on the part of science and what it teaches. Yet, he had this nagging feeling…
“Okay Hawk. I’ll go…”
“I’m going too.”
“Hawk that may not be a good idea…you’re a father now.”
“Yes, but…”
“No buts. If it looks like you’re right you’ll be the first to know. Besides I’ve wandered all over this area for the past two years or so I probably know it better than you. And I make less noise going through it.”
“Hey, I’m a man of the woods.”
“A man of the trees Hawk. There’s a difference. You walk around about as quietly as the chain saw you used to use.”
“Oh, funny, real funny…but, you’re right I suppose. It would be hard for Beth with me gone.”
Keoni walked up, “who goin’ where brah?”
“Oh, to seek some aliens,” said Jonathan.
“Hey bruddah, you be careful li’dat.”
“Not you too?”
“Umm, t’ink maybe Hawk here is on to somt’ing. Somt’ing not right. I heard noises comin’ across from da island ovah dare.” Keoni pointed east to Nigei Island. I small island two miles off the coast. “Fishin’ wit my oldest. Fixed up one Hawaiian sling like you show me. Works good brah.”
“You heard noises? Any guess what the noises were?”
“No. It was early mornin’ just aftah the sun come up. Some shallows ovah dare an’ da fishin’ is bettah. But I was wit Pekele so I t’ink not so good to see what it could be.”
“Hmm, you still have the small canoe, Keoni?”
“Yeah bruddah, yours if you need. But you go north first. You one get into trouble by dat island an’ t’ings be bad. Trouble up north an’ you come to us wiki wiki.”
“Okay, good point. I’ll stay the night if that’s all right and head out in the morning.”
“Bruddah, I give you one wallop if you start actin’ like the Busland folks. You family now, brah. You no ask to stay. Just find yourself a spot an’ you’re home. K’den?”
“Mahalo, Keoni. Yeah, I went back for a few days. I’m not too well liked there…”
“Helen treatin’ you alright?” asked Hawk.
“She wants me to stay and…”
“Hey you two. Stop da gabbin’. Time for luau. C’mon. Let’s go help da wahines.”
Jonathan had a wonderful time at Camp Ma. No name had ever been decided on the area where Hawk and his wife Beth and their seven month old son, Keoni lived. Big Keoni and his family, his wife Lanni, and his two sons, Niko and the oldest Pekele also lived there with several other families and a couple of single people.
Niko at age four wasn’t able to pronounce the word ‘encampment’ when he heard Jonathan call the area prior to their settling there. He had said “campma” instead which of course became Camp Ma.
Camp Ma was dug into a fairly steep hill four hundred feet high. The hillside gave them excellent shelter from the meteor swarm. The long ridge almost ran into the Sound which gave them proximity to fish with safety if the swarm made an unscheduled appearance which it had for over a year. There had been no swarm sighting for the past several months.
The Camp Ma residents had even terraced part of the hillside for growing different vegetables and some fruit trees. They found blackberry canes and a few stands of raspberries in the more shaded interior which was a short walk from Camp Ma. There were shelters interspersed along the length of every trail and every area any of the residents might wish to go. A gentle stream ran to the Sound at the foot of the hill so they had fresh water.
Jonathan had found the area and told Keoni and Hawk about it. Once Jonathan had brought them to see the area both Keoni and Hawk decided it would be a great place to live and raise their families. Friends and others had also wanted to go so a loose tribal organization was developed for a general governing council.
Jonathan was happy to have a long day there with his friends. Bill Lorazini had finally come. Terry McNeill also with his fiancée, a Canadian tourist who had been stranded in Port Hardy when the swarm hit, had decided to stay. Several other families preferred Camp Ma to Busland.
Busland had become more fractious. The governing body was honest and generally fair yet squabbles between zealots of a new found religiosity and non-zealots had increased nonetheless. There were actually two separate communities in Busland though they still worked together in some respects.
But Jonathan had been restless and preferred to wander around. He took trips all over Vancouver Island and even went to the mainland. He reported back and tried to create consistent communication with other survivors though that proved disappointing. Whenever Jonathan had returned he found the residents of Busland more contentious. Especially the zealots.
He had given seminars in geology and catastrophic theory. He found he angered both the new religious zealots and the conformists of the theory of gradualism. He tried to show that gradualism wasn’t scientific just because scientists insisted on teaching it to the exclusion of everything else. As any theory it would have to conform to general scientific principles.
When he showed where and how often gradualism failed by using scientific evaluation he was soundly jeered. By both factions now. In fact, it was the only time the zealots and the gradualists ever agreed on anything.
Prezlee had developed a relationship with Helen, an American from Marin north of San Francisco, and it was a warm and intimate relationship. But Jonathan could not spend a great deal of time in Busland.
The two distinct communities formed and became estranged due to the ideology of the zealots. Yet, Jonathan had many friends there. Dr. Bond and much of the crew of the airbus he was still close to but the nascent town could not hold him.
He was restless without his work and he was a hiker so it was natural for him to wander about. It was why he looked for a place like Camp Ma. Unfortunately Helen wouldn’t live in Camp Ma because her mother and aunt, the only relatives she knew she still had would only live in Busland.
Though the division caused by religion made Jonathan sad the fact that the community, especially at Camp Ma, was doing very well despite the hardships made him feel tremendously pleased. To be a part of it made him feel very proud.
There was still much which Jonathan couldn’t understand and it frustrated the scientist in him. In some ways it was mysterious. Such as the swarm, particularly the swarm. Or swarms. He was almost alone in feeling there had to be more than one swarm.
This led to discussions with mystery writer Lorazini, Terry McNeill and others. However, the ratiocination was still waiting to be discovered. He felt it in his bones it was important but didn’t know the why of it.
One, why was it difficult for communication still. While the batteries lasted they had walkie talkies which worked in very close proximity yet failed to work even at a mile distance. That did not make sense.
Two, the swarm. Why was it so inconsistent? He knew studying catastrophic theory that scientists had blind spots and the pre-conceived belief system certainly failed regularly to explain the phenomena of nature but to be this incorrect regarding the movement of a meteor swarm, swarms he told himself, just seemed wrong somehow.
Could it be…? No, don’t go there Jonathan, he told himself. He’ll wander up the coast to check out the area that Hawk had told him about but…‘Oh well. Can’t dance.’


CHAPTER TWO


Jonathan awoke just as the sunlight was becoming noticeable. Sunrises were not like the sunrises of yesteryear. Often the haze from the volcanoes on the mainland obscured the heavens, especially in the morning. Generally by late morning the breeze had shifted coming from the ocean. This cleared the skies to some degree and helped reduce the heat and humidity.
Jonathan did not have a watch but it really didn’t matter. The day was no longer twenty four hours. The global catastrophe had increased it by nearly a half hour. Also, the inclination of the planet had changed and the daylight was generally longer.
Upon awakening Jonathan stretched and rubbed his face. He peeked out of the shelter and looked to the east. No swarm today. At least not yet. He hastened to the stream to wash his face. He had bathed last night so he could ignore it this morning. He retrieved his pack which contained dried fruit and fish jerky. Enough to last five days. It made the pack heavier but it would of course lighten over time.
He had his fishing line and hooks so if he needed to eat something fresh he would have the chance though he wasn’t a particularly good fisherman. He had an extra pair of long pants with a pair of shorts and an extra shirt.
The shirt and shorts were made from hemp bast. Very sturdy clothing. A difficult process in making hemp clothes but one he had learned living amongst a tribe high up on the Sepic River in Papua New Guinea. He had been there to survey for possible veins of gold.
In Papua New Guinea the making of clothes was women’s work after the men had soaked the stalks but it had interested him so he had observed the process.
The recent hemp bast came from a patch of marijuana he found when he had wandered around the northern part of Vancouver Island. This strain of cannabis was perfect for smoking but not as good for rope or cloth making. However it was the only hemp around and the residents of Camp Ma had adopted it for their use. Once it was made into paper Bill Lorazini moved to Camp Ma so he could continue to write.
Keoni and his two children came out just as Jonathan was getting ready to hike north.
“Hey, bruddah. You be safe now.” Jonathan nodded. 
“You want da canoe?”
“Hmm, no. I thought I’d go up the coast to the next stream and take that west. I’ll cut over the high hill and go down into that valley which empties into the small cove. Be about ten miles I guess. I should be in shelter the whole way and still be able to check out anything which doesn’t belong.” Keoni nodded and offered Jonathan his hand in the traditional Hawaiian handshake.
“Be back in a couple of days.” Probably less he thought. He waved as he headed for the beach.
Jonathan was off. He liked wandering in weather as this. Although it was the middle of February it was warm enough that he needed no heavy clothing.
He guessed the thermal gradient though not noticeable anymore when sleeping on the ground still affected the weather patterns and left residual warmth close to the surface. He knew he would be sweating in an hour or so. Which is one reason he choose to hike along the coast.
It felt good being by the water. The water in this part of Queen Charlotte Sound was warmer now due to the tsunami which eliminated Port McNeill. The tsunami pushed millions of tons of dirt and debris into the Sound blocking up most of the waterway and effectively cutting it in half. During low tide you could walk from where Port McNeill had been to the mainland without hardly getting your feet wet.
The trek up the coast to the next stream was quick. It was less than three miles and mostly hard sand to walk on. Once at the stream he turned west and followed it to a larger drainage. Most of the tallest hills were around seven hundred feet high but the slopes weren’t too treacherous so the ascent to the ridge was no problem. Generally easier than trying to go around and fighting through denser thickets. Here the pines and firs were generally still standing so it was pleasant and not too difficult.
The valleys in this part of the island were neither too wild nor too settled. There was water and shelter but little in the way of available food. Unless one had great patience and was adept at hunting and trapping. He neither had the patience nor necessary skill. He did keep his eyes open for signs of animal spoors. One never knew…
‘That’s odd,’ Jonathan said to himself out loud. He was looking at a trail wider than should it be. Some rabbit spoors were unmistakable but rabbits do not widen trails. As he bent closer he detected scratches along the trail. He knelt down to examine the scratches. He realized they were meant to hide tracks as if someone had taken a branch and swished it along the trail. Hence the scratches were made from the stronger twigs of the branch.
He knelt for a little bit then decided to investigate. He stood and slowly crept along the trail making sure he made no sound nor disturbed or rustled the branches of the pines. He was moving around one of the larger knolls and assumed there would be brambles when he reached the other side. Probably be a small watering hole too.
“That’s far enough.”
“Hello?” said Jonathan.
“Reach for the sky.”
“What’s that?”
“You heard me.”
“Ah, yes. I did hear you but you’re kidding right?”
“I’m not kidding. Reach!”
Jonathan shook his head. “Do you mind if I take my pack off?”
“No.”
“No as in you don’t mind or no as in I keep my pack on?”
“Quite a smart ass for an alien.”
“Hey, just because I’m from America…since we’re both survivors we’re really in the same boat.”
“How do I know you’re from the states?”
“Why would I lie?”
“If you were an alien you might.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“You don’t sound like an alien though.”
“Oh, yeah right. What do aliens sound like?”
“Well, I haven’t heard them say anything but they seem to hear things. They stop and cock an ear then go about their business.”
Jonathan held back laughing. This was laughable and he couldn’t stop himself from smiling at least. “So you’ve seen these aliens? And they look like little green men?”
“You’re really a riot aren’t ya?”
“Okay, I don’t mean to belittle you. In fact, a friend of mine believes there’s aliens up on the little cove a few miles from here and I told him I’d go and check it out. Can’t say I’m too optimistic in finding any though.”
“Then it’s your unlucky day. There are aliens up at that little cove.”
“No kidding?”
“No kidding.”
“Well what do they look like?”
“Like us.”
“How’s that?”
“That’s right they look human.”
“But…does that make any sense? I mean if it was aliens wouldn’t they look, well different?”
“You’ve watched too much TV. These aliens look human.”
“Well, how do you know they’re aliens and not people from, oh, Canada or the States or Russia?”
“I saw their space ship. Several times. They’re bringing down supplies.”
“C’mon. I guess you’re not one of them. We can check them out in a few hours if you like? You have any weapons on you?”
“Nope. Just a scaling knife.”
“Have any food?”
“Yep. Time for lunch doncha ya think?”


CHAPTER THREE


“Damn. That sure is bizarre,” said Jonathan.
“Huh, I told you so…”
“Don’t be a smart ass.”
“Okay. But I did,” Turk said.
Turk O’Brien and Jonathan were lying down on the hillside underneath a large fir tree. The fir tree had branches low to the ground and they felt they were well hid by them. They could see in a clearing about a dozen humans working. None of the humans talked to each other and “they look sorta drugged.”
There was a transport ship of some kind and it appeared to be designed as a supply ship. These humans were constantly going into it and bringing out all sorts of tools and what looked to be pieces of canvas. The ship was very boxlike and gray though it was unclear if it was painted gray or just the natural color of the metal. It was about three times larger than a large camper.
“Think they’re making a tent?” asked Turk.
Jonathan nodded. “I haven’t seen one of them smile or show any emotion. Don’t you think that’s odd?”
Turk nodded. “So, you think they’re aliens?”
Jonathan shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t feel right in committing to that but he couldn’t think of anything else.
“They certainly seem to be listening to instructions,” said Jonathan. “But I don’t see any phone apparatus on their ears. Do you?”
“That’s what I’m saying. They’re aliens. I just know it.”
Jonathan wasn’t convinced these humans were aliens. On the other hand he wasn’t convinced they weren’t. Something definitely seemed out of place.
“And why hasn’t there been any of those meteors? These fellas showed up not long after those meteors stopped. Well?”
Jonathan shrugged. Turk had a good point but he still wasn’t sure. “I need some more proof.”
They sat watching the work but could discern no particular threat from whatever these humans were building.
“Turk, you know the area pretty well?”
“Yeah, why?”
“Let’s come back tonight. I want to get a closer look. Okay?”
“Okay.”

<<<  >>>

“They’re still working. Don’t those guys ever take a break?” whispered Turk.
It was early evening and it was still warm. A light breeze moved through the trees. The clearing had lights so the workers could continue to toil away. They were very methodical and never talked to each other. There was light enough in the clearing so Jonathan and Turk could see the whole of it fairly well.
“Well it looks like some sort of barracks. Probably for the workers. The tent is probably for the…ya know that’s really odd.”
“What?”
“Seeing that tent there makes me think of the Persians. The ones who were going to attack Athens. Their king and his advisors had elaborate tents….but this wouldn’t…?”
“I don’t know about that but a tent in this climate now would be more comfortable. Those barracks like it as not will be stifling. And why would they be building any wooden structures if the meteors are coming back. I’m tellin’ ya these guys know something about that.”
Jonathan nodded absentmindedly. He had to admit Turk maybe on to…what? Something definitely was not kosher here.
“Be nice if we could talk to one of them.”
“Are you nuts?”
“How else would we know more than we know now?”
“Didn’t you see that thing hooked to their belts? Tell me you don’t think that’s something other than a gun or weapon of some kind?”
“Yeah, I see it. Makes sense…what you say. But I’d still like to try and talk to one. Think we could snatch one without the others knowing?”
“No. And I don’t like that idea. They may figure out we’re here. That’s probably not such a good idea.”
Jonathan nodded again. “Let’s knock one out and take that thing hooked to their belt.”
“Prezlee, you are out of your mind? They would definitely know we’re here then.”
“They’re going to know that sooner or later. Does it make a difference when?”
That stopped Turk. He wanted to reply. He really wanted to. His mouth remained open with no sound issuing forth.
“Still…” finally emerged.
“Besides, how do we know they aren’t…?”
“What’s that? Look.” Turk pointed to the other side of the clearing. Two of the men walked into the clearing. They held a woman between them and pulled her towards the newly erected tent. She squirmed and protested. She wasn’t dressed too differently than the men and it dawned on Jonathan that all the workers were men. The workers had the same cut of clothes though some of the colors were different.
The pants of the workers were either gray or dark brown and the long sleeved shirts were brown, gray or dark green. But the same type of shirt. The material from their vantage point looked to be the same in each case.
The woman being dragged through the clearing seemed to be middle aged and dressed in a tunic of the dark green color with dark brown pants. The exact same colors as the men. She was either squirming to escape or digging her heels into the ground. She wasn’t strong enough to stop the two men from taking her into their camp. The men seemed to be fit and nearly six feet in height. They were generally dark haired; light brown to very dark brown. Her hair was light brown and cut below her ears.
The two men brought her in front of the tent which was nearly completed. Out of the tent flap strode another human. He was dressed in boots, what looked to be leather and pants of light brown and similar to jodhpurs.
Jonathan and Turk heard him say, “you thought you could get away from me?”
“I just want to live by myself. Why can’t you let me go? I won’t do anything and I’ll stay away.”
The man with arms folded across his chest lowered his head ever so slightly for a few moments.
“What did I say just now?” he asked the woman.
“I don’t know. I’m not connected…you know that.”
He nodded. The two men let go of her arms. She stood for a second then began to back away. She turned around and ran. Both men who had held her unhooked the object at their belts, aimed it at the retreating back. Two green beams shot out. The beams hit her in the back and she crumpled. No noise emanated from the weapons.
Both Jonathan and Turk knew the woman was dead from the way she fell. They were silent as the human in jodhpurs went back into the tent and the two killers went back to the barracks and began to help the other workers. No worker looked up nor seemed to notice the interview and murder of the woman. Neither Jonathan nor Turk could say anything for minutes.
Turk nudged Jonathan with his elbow, “you were going to say…” he whispered.
“Don’t be a smart ass.”
“Turk did you hear what she said?”
“Something about wanting to live alone and…something…”
“She said she wasn’t connected. She was dressed in similar clothes as the male workers. Same type of fabric and same colors. So she was one of them. A worker…maybe.”
“So?”
“So she was also different from the workers. She had emotions. And she wasn’t connected.”
“That mean anything?”
“Yes. I think it means the others have an implant or something like it. Those two guys heard what the boss or whatever he is had to say in his head and they carried out his orders. She couldn’t hear what he said…though I think she knew what he was going to order the two to do. She actually was heading out in a different direction then the one she was brought in on.”
“That might not…”
“She was protecting someone.”
“You think?”
“Yes. And by the way she subtly stressed she wanted to live alone.”
“Hmm. Yeah, that could be. Where do you think the one she was protecting is?”
“Probably not the way she came in or the way she was heading. I’d guess from deeper into the hills. Maybe that way.” Jonathan pointed to the southwest. “We need to find that one.”
“Do you think there are others of those guys looking for her?”
“Good question. Maybe. Though that guy didn’t have a reaction to what she said so maybe he doesn’t know.”
“He looks like the suspicious type though. I can smell that type of asshole. Like some cops I’ve run into when I used to grow weed. They didn’t know shit but always suspected something was up. Pain in the ass.”
“Yeah. If that’s the case he would have some of those assholes looking around. So, you know the area well do ya?”


CHAPTER FOUR


“I hear two,” whispered Jonathan. “How many you think?”
Turk raised his hand with only two fingers showing. Jonathan nodded.
They had had to travel a long way to reach this spot. It was southwest from the cove and the clearing where the humans were building the barracks and putting the finishing touches on the tent.
This area was part of a larger drainage system and not difficult to find if you had been over the territory already. Turk seemed knew the area like it was his back yard.
They assumed if there was another of these people in hiding then that person would have to be near water and a food source. With some shelter and a good place to hide in. Turk took Jonathan to a small lake which would fit the bill.
The small lake might have some fish in it and it had feeder streams from small valleys which emptied into the basin. Some of the small valleys would provide shelter from the meteors. There were probably berry canes in the general area. Small animals such as rabbits would undoubtedly be in the vicinity if one could hunt or trap.
Without any difficulty they found a fairly obvious trail leading into a little hollow and positioned themselves just above it.
Though only a few miles from the cove it had taken most of the night to reach the lake. They had headed for it in a roundabout manner. They didn’t know but had to consider that other of these humans would be out searching. What puzzled Jonathan was why had the woman and the one in jodhpurs spoken English. If they were aliens how would they have known it?
Yet they had spoken English that had no tone or accent. He had been all over the English speaking world for one reason or another but never had heard the type of inflection or in this case lack of inflection which she spoke with. She and the jodhpur human spoke very phonetically.
The breeze still came from the ocean keeping the volcano ash and vog away from the island though it did little to decrease the humidity in the forest. However it did allow a few stars to be seen and even a gibbous moon to shed an eerie light. They could see well enough and both Jonathan and Turk knew the area somewhat so they felt they had an advantage.
Jonathan had picked up a stout fir limb as a weapon and Turk had a pistol. They hoped they wouldn’t have to use either. Especially the pistol as it would he heard for miles.
They came upon the lake from the west and from above while it was still dark. They could see the lake reflected in the moonlight. They trod slowly and did not have trouble nor make much noise as they descended from the ridge.
As they got closer to the lake they spotted the trail leading into a little hollow. They stationed themselves above the trail on a small rock projection. They were pretty sure there was someone in the hollow but had decided to wait. If someone was hiding than better to introduce themselves when there was light. They could hear rustling and a young woman’s voice cry out, “Stop this. Let me go.”
Jonathan and Turk did not need to be told what was happening. Two of the workers probably armed had found the one the middle-aged woman had tried to protect.
Jonathan turned to Turk and whispered. “They have to come single file along here. You take the one in the front and I’ll take the other.”
Jonathan picked up an ostrich egg-sized rock and gave it to Turk. “Try the rock first. Let’s be as quiet as we can.” And Turk nodded as he took the weapon.
They waited. It seemed to take longer than the loudness of voices would indicate but the lead alien eventually came into view. He came out of the holler on the path pulling a still struggling girl. She was around five four, slender though with the tunic and baggy pants hard to see her overall figure. The second human was pushing her. She kept up a constant chatter of pleading or whining interspersed with angry vitriol.
Each man was dressed in similar fashion as the other workers in the cove clearing and each sported the same weapon which had killed the woman. Turk gave Jonathan a nudge and they moved quietly into position.
The first human walked past Jonathan. The human was pulling the girl by one arm. The girl was struggling. Jonathan could see she couldn’t be more than a teenager and from her thin arms not too much more than a hundred pounds. The second human came underneath and Jonathan jumped down at the same time as Turk jumped. Jonathan was swinging his stout club and had an unobstructed angle to hit the second man upside the head.
Just then the girl pulled back and both humans lost their balance and momentum. It caused the jumpers to miscalculate. Jonathan had to delay the full swing and landed on the girl’s shoulders. This momentarily stopped Jonathan.
The girl and the second human stopped as well. Before the girl collapsed under Jonathan he slammed the club down on the second human’s head. A loud crack rang out.
Turk had aimed for the back of the first human. When he had been stopped short he turned toward their female prisoner. Turk slammed into the human’s torso. Turk’s weight carried the alien down hard. The alien slammed into the ground on his back. Turk hit him squarely over the ear and a loud thunk was heard.
The second human was crumpled on the ground holding his head and moaning. Jonathan stood over him with his club not knowing what to do next. The first human was recovering as Turk pushed himself up straddling the worker’s chest. Turk hit him once alongside the head. “That didn’t work,” and hit him a third time. The man slid into unconsciousness though Jonathan knew he wouldn’t stay knocked out for too long.
The girl scrambled to her feet. She looked at Jonathan as he stood over the second man with his club dangling. He looked at her.
“Hello there. Can we be of assistance?” She looked wide eyed for a few moments than calmly stood erect and straightened out her tunic. She walked to the fallen man beneath Jonathon. She took the weapon from the belt of the stricken man and shot him in the nape of his neck. Maybe it should be called beamed him instead of shot him as a green beam hit the prostrate human. The human with a mild spasm died.
She went over to Turk who got off the unconscious human in a hurry. She shot or beamed him in the neck. He died. 
All three stood. Silently. Turk looked at Jonathan. Jonathan wondered if they hadn’t given the girl the means to kill them. Maybe she wouldn’t realize they were there to help her. Jonathan looked at the girl.
After a few seconds he tried to smile. “Well, hello there again. Ahm, how do you do…and can I have that gun…or ray gun or whatever it is?” He reached out his hand slowly and not fully extended.
She looked at him but said nothing.
“Do you speak English? The woman who had been dragged into the camp of those fellas,” and he pointed to the two dead workers, “spoke English. The guy who was the boss spoke English so I assumed you would too.”
“You saw…the woman…they brought in?” she asked. She spoke with the same stilted inflection as the woman.
Jonathan nodded.
“What did they…what happened?”
Jonathan looked to Turk as he noticed the club was still in his hand. He tossed it away.
Turk looked at Jonathan, “why don’t you tell her?”
Jonathan scratched his chin stalling for time, “was she your mother?”
The girl nodded.
“I have some very bad news.” Jonathan wished he could stall for more time. Remembering the murder was bad enough but to tell this young girl was indescribably difficult.
“Two men dressed like these two brought her into the camp they’re building. A guy dressed a little differently, a boss of the project I’d guess came out of the tent. He spoke to her about her thinking she could get away from him. He did something odd, at least odd to us. He lowered his head and then asked your mother what he had said. She told him she wasn’t connected and didn’t know. Then the two guys let go of her. She turned and started to run when they shot her in the back.” He wanted to add more but could only think to say, “I’m sorry.”
The girl bent her head and was silent. She looked up to Jonathan, “it must have been difficult to watch.”
“It was horrible,” Turk said. She looked at Turk.
“You didn’t know what they would do?”
They both shook their heads.
“They are like that toward us,” she said.
“Well then, who are you and who is he? The boss I’m guessing you mean or all of the workers?” Jonathan again pointed to the two on the ground to emphasize the similarity or difference.
She swept her arm to indicate the two lying on the ground, “they are not workers. They are slaves. My mother and I are slaves.” Tears rolled down her cheeks. “She was a slave,” whispered the girl.
“Listen,” said Turk. “I think we need to get out of here. They know where you live…well, they know this place and I’d guess they’ll be back.”
“You’re right,” Jonathan added. He looked at the two dead slaves and was pensive.
“We need to take their clothes.”
“Huh? Why?”
Jonathan didn’t want to tell him the germ of an idea he was considering. “The clothes and all are still good and it’s not like we can go find a mega-mart.”
This seemed to satisfy Turk but the girl looked at Jonathan.


CHAPTER FIVE


It took them two hours of fairly rapid hiking to arrive at Turk’s little corner of the island. Jonathan realized they were close when he could smell the pungent, slightly sweet and not unpleasant aroma of budding marijuana. The rapid pace and the marching over fallen trees on the many hills and knolls of the once heavily forested island precluded much normal conversation. Yet they did learn she was indeed an alien.
Jonathan and Turk learned that those workers and the boss were aliens.
She suggested they take some of her provisions but she had no pack and they had left their packs behind. Jonathan assured her they’d be able to come back for it another time.
Turk had settled in a little valley which had had a small stream now a dry stream bed. It emptied into a decent sized lake. The area had once been forested. Now many slopes had trees lying on the ground while other slopes still had the tall trees standing.
In his little vale he had erected a large lean-to and a small shack. Marijuana plants were clinging to the slopes of the vale between the fallen trees. He had hoses for water camouflaged though noticeable up close yet, “can’t be seen from the air. Been there too long.”
The lean-to had been dug into the sheltered side of the vale but the shack had taken numerable hits from the meteors. In the lean-to he had half of a bike with wires attached to a large battery. Another cable went from the battery to connect to a radio/tape player.
They weren’t very hungry since they ate some trail mix on the way to Turk’s hidden vale but they were thirsty.
“Let’s have some music. How ‘bout I roll a joint?”
“Hmm, well outside of the fact there’s slavers who’ll kill us if they found us I’d say great idea.”
“Okay,” said Turk taking his hands off a bong. “You got a point.”
“But music wouldn’t be so bad…?”
“Another great idea. What if they hear it?”
“I’ll play it softly. Bob Marley, mon.”
Jonathan just nodded and said to the girl, “wonderful poet of disenfranchised people.”
“That means slaves,” said Turk.
“You have slaves in your world?” asked the girl.
“Not in the same way as you and the others…at least I think. No, but many of the disenfranchised were descended from slaves though.”
“I would like to hear more about this…Marley?”
“Aw, he’s great…”
“Hold on you two. Let’s talk about the essentials first. We don’t know how much time we have before they find…” and Jonathan pointed to the girl.
“They won’t find her. Not here.”
“They found her at the other place easily enough…and it may be important to know how.”
“So, if I understand it correctly,” Jonathan asked the girl, “you don’t even have a name?”
She shook her head. “My father, the one I think of as my father would call me Kookli sometimes but I do not know what it means. I never thought of it as a name as slaves don’t have names.”
“What language do the slavers speak?”
“I do not know. When I was in the pod I was taught English and Spanish.”
“Oh.” Kookli touched the back of her neck as the song ‘Misty Morning’ started playing from the tape recorder.
“What’s the matter?” Both Jonathan and Turk looked around with their eyes quickly scanning the area. 
“It…I guess the music affects the implant. It tingles.”
“I’m sorry,” said Turk. He reached for the on/off button. “I’ll turn it off.”
“Oh, do not do that. It is not unpleasant. Just…”
“Weird?” Turk offered.
“Yes.”
“Ya know,” Jonathan started to say then was quiet. He remained quiet as Turk fidgeted.
“And?”
“Remember what the woman, your mother, said. ‘I’m not connected.’ Could that mean she had a malfunctioning implant?”
“It was not malfunctioning. It had been disabled when it was implanted.”
“Really?” interjected Turk. “Who did that?”
“My father.”
“Why?”
“He loved her…and me. He did not want us to be slaves.”
“Damn nice guy,” Turk said.
“Kookli, may I call you Kookli, we have to call you something, is that why you shot, or beamed the two slaves in the neck?” asked Jonathan.
“Yes. As long as they were alive they were connected to the slave master and he can always find them.”
“But you and your mother weren’t connected yet he, the slaver, found both of you.” Kookli nodded.
“What I’m getting at is even though he cannot control you through the implant the implant may still be giving off a signal. And the music may be able to disrupt that signal.” Jonathan looked at the two of them, “what do you think?”
“That may explain why they found my mother and me.”
“It would be interesting to find out if music could disrupt the workers…”
“Oh no, Prezlee.” Turk stood up and was quite agitated. “We can’t put her in jeopardy.”
Kookli looked at both of them, “what do you mean?”
“Well, I was thinking if we could lure two of those workers here then play the music we would know if it effected them or not. It would give us information on how they could track you.”
“We can’t do that. That’s much too risky.”
She looked at Jonathan, “do you think it risky?”
“Well, I believe the slave master doesn’t know about Turk and me and we have those ray guns so I think the risk is minimal. But Turk is right, there is a risk.”
“I don’t know,” said Turk. “Things have a way of popping up that weren’t considered.”
“True. Unintended consequences. Turk has a point. Plans often have unforeseen difficulties. One thing is certain. We need to warn the others on the island about these slavers. And it may be one of the doctors at Busland could take out the implant.”
“Take out my implant? Is that possible?”
“You described it as attaching to what seems to be the brain stem. The more I think on it the more I realize how difficult the procedure would be. I’m not sure…I think it would be even more risky…” Jonathan left the thought unfinished.
It was hard for him to suggest that Kookli be bait. It could cost her her life. Also, it would mean he might have to kill one of the slaves and that was something he definitely wanted to avoid.
“What would be the risks from the surgery?”
“Ah, a slip could cause paralysis which would be permanent. Also the possibility of death. The problem is the brain and the nerves are very fragile with no margin for error. One mishap…and the doctors haven’t the facilities to really know what they are facing. No CAT scan or MRI. They would be going in blind.”
The three of them just sat quietly mulling over the options. Jonathan was wondering who should go warn the others. Also, if Kookli was to travel to any settled area then she would be endangering those she was amongst. That should be considered as well.
“Would it be helpful,” asked Turk, “to have one of the implants on hand so the doctors could examine it.”?
“Yeah, that probably would be helpful. But where are you…?”
“I’ll go back and take out the implants from the two dead slav…workers.”
“Oooh, I don’t know…”
“I have been thinking,” said Kookli. “I think the first plan by Jonathan should be tried.”
“But Kookli if something should go wrong…”
“The slave master won’t stop until I am caught. They are probably on there way here right now.”
“Kookli…maybe if we think some more on it we can…”
“It is either that or I must leave you. You two are in danger…”
“Oh no! We couldn’t let you do that. Tell her Jonathan. She can’t go off by herself.” Turk was wringing his hands and beside himself with worry.
“Turk’s right Kookli. We wouldn’t feel right allowing you to leave and face two armed slaves without our help.”
“You earthmen are…I do not think even my father would say anything so kind. To place yourselves in such danger.”
“Therefore, I will remain and I should be…what is the word?”
“Bait,” said Turk with a groan. “You would be bait.” 
“Then, as you say, it’s settled.”
“Kookli. Show us how to use those ray guns.”
“And Jonathan…”
“Yes, Turk?”
“It’s not shot or beamed. It’s blast.”
“Blast?”
“Yeah, blast as in “I’ll blast those slavers.””
“Who’s been watching too much TV?”


CHAPTER SIX


“Caw. Caw.”
Jonathan and Kookli heard the signal from Turk. It was early morning and the sun was just establishing itself. 
A silver lining to the pole shift and the change in the inclination of the planet. Not only had there been an increase in the daylight hours due to less inclination which widened the temperate zones but the meteor hits also slowed down the rotation. The day was longer. This should give the three the time they needed to complete their plans.
Turk came scrambling down the vale slope. He was winded and Jonathan knew it was more from anxiety than exertion. 
“They’re coming along the trail as you thought Jonathan…”
“Turk what kind of bird was that?”
“It was a crow’s call…it wasn’t that bad. Anyway the two slav…workers didn’t take any notice. They’ll be here in about fifteen minutes.”
Jonathan turned to Kookli, “you sure you can turn on the music…?”
“Yes, yes Jonathan. I can do it…how do you say, during my sleep time?”
“Something like that. So you’re sure…?”
“Yes. You had me do it blind folded so I will have no trouble with my eyes open. Do not fret.”
“Okay, to our places.”
The waiting wasn’t long enough thought Jonathan. Here they were. Two aliens dressed just like the others they had seen. Jonathan wasn’t sure if they were clones of the two dead slaves they looked so much alike.
The two slaves went into the vale in single file. They looked neither left nor right. They did not look to see if an ambush was laying in wait for them. They did not talk. Just walked past the hidden Jonathan and Turk. They walked into Turk’s camp. Kookli punched the ON button on the radio and static burst forth. Loud static. The two slaves stopped. They stood erect. Standing still. Mild head movement and blinking eyes only.
Kookli then switched the button to play music and the two slaves began moving but slower. She switched back to the radio and static once more was heard. The two slaves again stopped dead in their tracks.
Jonathan and Turk came out of hiding holding the ray guns out and pointing at the two slaves. They walked right behind the slaves.
“Turk I’m going to go around to the front. Keep your gun on the rear one and I’ll take the front one.”
The two slaves did not seem to notice Jonathan speaking. Jonathan walked to the front his ray gun trained on the first slave. The slave just stood there. Didn’t acknowledge Jonathan in the slightest. Jonathan walked back to the rear and hooked the gun on his belt. He brought out a sock filled with sand and packed hard at the toe and half of the foot.
Jonathan looked at Turk, “you want the first swing?”
Turk shook his head.
“Here goes.”
Jonathon swung the makeshift sap and connected right above and slightly behind the right ear of the second slave. The slave went down in a heap.
“Turk you tie him up. I’ll take the other one.” Jonathan wanted to tell the mystery writer and pulp historian Bill Lorazini about this. Jonathan had a passion for mysteries especially the hard-boiled detective pulps from the thirties. Being sapped was par for the course in those stories and Jonathan thought he had remembered how best to apply a knockout blow. He had indeed remembered well. One thing Jonathan also knew was that someone who was knocked unconscious didn’t stay unconscious for long; definitely not like the movies.
In real life it sometimes took only seconds for the unconscious person to regain some awareness if not downright consciousness. Prezlee, who grew up in a violent area of Baltimore called, Pig Town, knew about fighting.
Not even George Foreman or Mike Tyson could knock anyone out for much more than a ten count. Yet, the ability to stand after being kayoed didn’t necessarily mean the losing fighter was one hundred percent in the here and now.
So Jonathan and Turk trussed up the two slaves. The slave’s feet and hands were bound with duct tape and some hemp rope. The slaves’ eyes were covered so they couldn’t see. Jonathan wasn’t taking any chances that the slave master could learn anything from these two slaves.
Turk had charged up the battery during the night so it would play the static for several hours. He also charged up the small rechargeable batteries for the small portable radio that Kookli would use. It should give the three a good head start.
Turk’s itinerary was to find the two dead slaves and retrieve (and Jonathan shivered at the image of the retrieval of) the implants from the corpses. Then follow Jonathan and Kookli first to Camp Ma then on to Busland. Jonathan was glad Turk had volunteered as he didn’t think he could do the implant removal.
Turk had a small radio with extra batteries for Kookli to use. Turk thought with continual playing they should have at least six or seven hours of static. This should be able to mask their movement until evening when they should be in Busland.
Jonathan planned to reach Camp Ma and warn those there of the aliens then take Keoni’s canoe and reach Busland early in the evening and warn the community of the aliens in the cove.
The hike to Camp Ma would also give Jonathan a chance to ask Kookli about these humans. They hadn’t had the time to explore this. Now he would have several hours. He felt it imperative after seeing the murder of Kookli’s mother to have concrete information to give to the community. This was clearly a momentous threat and good decisions were essential to ensure survival from slavery or death.

<<<  >>>

The locale of the northern tip of Vancouver Island has no roads but Turk knew the region quite well. Jonathan had learned it from wandering around these past many months. Fortunately there were numerous trails so the trekking was not too difficult. The highest elevation was probably no more than eight or nine hundred feet. Therefore, obvious barriers were not difficult to overcome.
Turk had a small radio which used rechargeable batteries and gave it to Kookli to use. It was an encumbrance as Kookli would have to hold it in a fairly stable position near her ear. This obviously hindered her in hiking when they had to go over uneven ground or areas which had fallen trees. The batteries would last four or five hours Turk thought. Time enough to get to Camp Ma with time left over for canoe trip to Busland.
Turk insisted Kookli not accompany him to her former hideout since it may be known to the boss slaver. As the three were going in the general direction for awhile they traveled together weapons in their hands.
“Jonathan can you tell me about this concept you call democracy?”
“Well, there are differences in each country but in my country it was meant to give people the right to make the important choices in their lives free from coercion. To elect representatives to help maintain the protections and opportunities for the citizens.”
“And it works well?”
“Not so well anymore.”
“Why is that Jonathan?”
“It’s a long winded story in some respects but when big business was allowed to control who gets elected the politicians promoted protections of big business and the wealthy at the expense of everyone else. Once big business got control of the economy most people suffered.”
“Why did the people elect leaders who would make things worse for them?”
“A very good question. In the sixties and seventies us Americans had the greatest standard of living in the history of civilization. At the conclusion of the seventies an actor named Reagan was elected and systematically destroyed all that. His aim was to eliminate the middle class, enlarge the working class, and minimize or eliminate union strength which protected people. He was successful in all endeavors. The middle class shrunk from nearly sixty percent to under thirty percent.”
“Ray gun? Why was a ray gun elected?”
“Spelled differently but pronounced in a similar manner. It was with ray gun efficiency that he attacked our protections and opportunities.”
“He did such a bad job,” said Turk, “that he was elected for a second term.”
“Jonathan is that true?”
“Yes and no. The term is for four years so the worst of his consequences didn’t really start to affect us until after he was out of office. That was at the end of his second term. The next president was for one term because of the economy which Reagan had purposely ruined.”
“Sadly, the worst of it was Reagon was a traitor to the country to get elected in the first place.”
“Oh c’mon. Where’d you get that idea?”
“Reagan barely won the first election and it was the hostages in the country of Iran that gave him the little extra he needed. Iran, Kookli, was hostile to us because we installed a dictator there after our government allowed oil companies to promote a coup which abolished their democracy.”
“So?”
“Eventually this dictatorship was overthrown by religious fanatics. Reagan’s people made a deal with the new leader, Kookli.
“And where did you come by this information,” asked Turk while rolling his eyes though neither Jonathan nor Kookli could have seen that in the darkness.
“The guy who brokered the deal wrote a book about it.”
“And maybe that guy isn’t a credible witness.”
“Well, he’s probably not that credible actually. But the second piece of the puzzle was the Iran-Contra affair. It was unconstitutional, against my country’s highest law Kookli, but the Reaganites had to repay the Iranians so they tried to go through with an arms deal by using guerrillas, that is killers or murderers, our government called the Contras.”
Turk turned to Jonathan, “I remember that. It was big news in Canada.”
“Jonathan what happened to this Reagan?”
“After he died he was deified by the right-wing ideologues.”
“Don’t you think calling him deified is going too far?”
“At the 2004 Republican National Convention his portrait was directly behind the dais and it had to be at least forty feet high or more. Just like Hitler and Stalin and all the other deified dictators. The real tragedy was that none of the republicans saw this as untoward and no political pundit made mention of it.”
“Did not any one protest?”
“Sure but not enough. With Friedman economic policies, called Reaganomics, more small businesses went bankrupt and more small farms foreclosed in Reagan’s eight years than during the worst depression in our country’s history. A depression Reagan himself lived through. Talk about irony.”
“This is where,” Turk said, “we separate. I’ll probably only be a couple of hours behind you but don’t wait for me. Get Kookli to Busland. Maybe someone there can help her.”
“Listen Turk. Do not and I repeat do not take any chances. If anything is wrong then come to Camp Ma straight away.”
“Sure, sure. I’ll be fine.”
Jonathan thought about stressing caution again since they had no knowledge what these slavers could do other than a willingness to murder. Without qualms. But he didn’t want to nag. Turk had spent much time hiding from police and others while growing his marijuana so caution should be second nature to him.
Jonathan and Kookli said their good-byes. They turned south as Turk headed northeast.
Jonathan liked having an audience especially one which would listen and question rather than argue and interrupt with heated denials and denunciations as most Americans who supported the right-wing agenda did. Americans had a real difficulty in allowing anyone to finish sentences let alone statements one should discuss.
Americans never seemed to debate anymore. The right-wing could not hope to win any serious debate which was probably why there were no serious debates. On more than one occasion Jonathan wondered how could a democracy hope not only to survive but to grow and develop if real debate didn’t occur?
This was also a legacy of Reagan Jonathan felt. The right-wing ideologues learned several important things when Reagan was governor of California, one of fifty states Jonathan told Kookli, which made up the union.
As governor Reagan sponsored what became known as the ‘no-knock bill.’ This was legislation which would allow police officers to just walk into any dwelling or residence without knocking. No need for probable cause or any reason.
What wounded the Reaganites’ psyche was not only did most of the newspapers, this was before the cable and other TV news outlets had taken the power of news reporting from the print media he explained, but even conservatives, then the backbone of the Republican Party, realized this as a breach of the constitution.
The Reaganites learned one, you don’t need to change the law to change the intent or effectiveness of the law; just change the institution. And two, get control of the media.
By controlling the media the right-wing would never have to explain their actions. The Reaganites’ campaign philosophy in running Reagan for president was lowbrow but effective. They developed the diatribe of quick sound bytes instead of debating. They were tremendously successful in marginalizing the opposition by calling them liberals as a pejorative and even condensing it to the ‘L word’ as un-American and vulgar.
Jonathan explained to Kookli as long as big business had the same rights as citizens but not the responsibilities or consequences then the right-wing ideologues are the victors and they will eventually create a dictatorship, they’ll call it authoritarian, of their dreams.
He hoped that once the world deals with this slaver the survivors of the catastrophe will commit to strong democracies when they restart their cultures and governments to protect their cultures. He had no idea how naïve that would be.


CHAPTER SEVEN


“Hey bruddah. Good to see you,” Keoni called out. “Who’s da wahine?”
It was well after noon but not yet evening. Keoni was preparing for the next morning fishing. He sat on a log and was at work on the seine when Jonathan and Kookli tramped into Camp Ma. Keoni gave Jonathan a big hug and Hawaiian handshake and shook Kookli’s hand as well. Gently. Her hand looked like a child’s hand in his.
“I see you one find what you’re looking for but what about da aliens?”
“I found them as well.”
“No kiddin’ brah?”
“No kidding Keoni. Have some bad news.”
“How bad…what is it?”
“Let’s wait until everyone is here…”
“EV-RY ONE CUM HEAH.” Jonathan feared Keoni would be heard at the cove up north. “Now we wait brah.”
They didn’t have to wait very long. Keoni’s two sons were first out of their shelter. They were excited. Anytime Keoni raised his voice something was in the offing.
Next to come out was Hawk. “What’s the matter? What’s going…oh, Jonathan. Nice to see you…why Keoni did you have to bellow? We coulda…what’s wrong?”
Jonathan shrugged. “Well, you were right Hawk. There are aliens at the cove.”
“Damn. Told you. Are they peaceful? What do they look like? Who’s this? And why is she playing static on that little radio?”
“All good questions and if I can remember them all I’ll answer them. But let’s wait until everyone is…”
“EV-RY ONE CUM HEAH.”
“Shouldn’t be long now,” Jonathan said as he uncovered his ears.

<<<  >>>

“Let me introduce Kookli.” Jonathan introduced her to the residents of Camp Ma.
“She is an alien.”
Disbelieving silence. Some smiles and a few chuckles as the Camp Ma residents looked at each other as if saying, ‘Some card this Prezlee is.’
Jonathan shook his head with a sigh. “Seriously, she is an alien and there are more aliens. And they believe in slavery and murder.” Jonathan turned to Kookli, “I and another guy named Turk watched as the boss slaver murdered her mother.”
“With this.” Jonathan held up one of the four ray guns he and Turk and liberated from the slaves.
Stunned silence. The residents looked at her as if she was in a fish bowl. Everyone spoke at once.
“Hold on. Let me talk a little bit and then I’ll take questions. Okay?”
Keoni sat up straighter and looked around. He nodded to Jonathan who knew no interruptions would follow. At least for a time. Hopefully for a long time.
Jonathan told the gathering at Camp Ma how he met Turk and that Turk confirmed Hawk’s opinion. He had to see for himself and Turk knew a safe route that overlooked the clearing by the cove.
He told them how he watched the workers put up a tent and build barracks. He mentioned the transport ship and for a difficult space of time related the murder of Kookli’s mother.
Jonathan told everyone how they found Kookli and the fight and the deaths of the slaves. He brought them up to date with brevity and he hoped clarity. He turned to the alien girl.
“Kookli, could you tell us what you know about the transport ship and what the slavers are doing and who they are? Any information at all would be helpful.”
“I only know what my father told me and the little he had told my mother.” She looked down and sighed. She still held the radio near her ear playing static.
“My father told me these people, the slave masters, he called them Peeds, and the slaves had originally come from this planet. They had been taken away from this planet many thousand years ago by benign aliens, non-human, who wanted to save a remnant of the humans who dwelled here. The Peeds do not know but guess it was around thirty thousand years ago. Your years.”
“These aliens transported selected humans and some animals to another planet. Little is known because the humans had no written language nor advanced technology. Some of the Peeds observed these aliens en route and learned to write and admire the technology. The trip took many, many years. Lifetimes I was told. By the time they arrived to the new planet a number of Peeds had developed beyond the normal transition of civilization. When the aliens left these Peeds enslaved the others.”
“The Peeds continued to develop technology and wanted to emulate the aliens in space travel. Also to control the slaves. But little else.”
“My mother and other breeders are not given the same implant as the other slaves. The implant is fairly new in use but the Peeds found that with the usual implants the mothers would not be nurturing and the babies died. The Peeds communicate through the implant and I believe with each other.”
“Do you have an implant? Is playing the static related to that?” asked Beth. She had been holding her child a little closer than usual but relaxed a little when Kookli had paused.
“Yes, but my father had it disabled. He disabled my mother’s but I do not know how. It does seem though that the implant has a location beacon.”
“Why would he do that? About the disabling,” someone asked.
“He loved my mother. And I guess he loves me too. My mother and I spent little time in the pods so we grew up in a normal way or at least as normal as anyone can living on a space ship with thousands of slaves and Peeds in stasis.”
“Why would there be thousands in stasis?” asked Jim.
“It takes many hundreds, perhaps thousands of years to reach this planet. So much is automated that only a few need to be awake to run the ship. Usually a Peed and a few educated slaves.”
“They educate slaves?” asked Lorazini.
“A few they teach to fly the cargo ships and a few are taught skills like engineering. These are given implants like my mother. In the pods they are given information and it s retained quite well. I speak English well though I have never talked to anyone but my mother and my father until now. And Spanish though I haven’t had a chance to speak it.”
“They sure have bad timing. Imagine. To travel thousands of years to get here and arrive just in time for another catastrophe,” said one the newer residents.
Kookli looked up. “They caused this catastrophe. They thought no humans would be here. They had been taught through the generations that the catastrophe they were saved from had ended most of all life here. My father said when they entered this solar system they were shocked that over six billion people inhabited the planet.”
“How did these Peeds cause the catastrophe?” asked Jim.
“I believe that they used some form of electromagnetism to bring asteroids from the asteroid field out where the fifth planet should be.”
“Why did they think meteors could cause a catastrophe?” asked Jim.
“They knew a pole shift would cause a catastrophe. It had happened when the humans were taken from earth. The earth has had many abrupt pole shifts. It is recorded in the geologic strata my father said. Your fossils are a result from these catastrophes. That was my father’s expertise. Catastrophes.”
Everyone was silent for a few minutes.
“So we no longer have to fear the meteors?” asked Terry.
“No. The Peeds sent them into your prime star to be burned up.”
Jonathan had thought this would be cause for celebration and was encouraged that no celebratory antics occurred. This meant to him that here the people of Camp Ma understood the problem had not ended with the elimination of the swarm. They understood the slavers were an even more dangerous problem and had to be faced immediately.


CHAPTER EIGHT


“You can see the tail of the airplane I and many others came here on.” Jonathan pointed to the mouth of the valley called Busland.
Jonathan and Kookli still had a half hours walk from the beached canoe. The cratering had been extensive and most of the craters were now small ponds so they had to weave their way through and around the hazards.
Kookli on leaving the canoe had returned to carrying the radio playing static. She had abandoned it to help paddle. She wanted to quickly reach the area where surgeons might be found and Jonathan had reasoned if the slavers did pick up her signal they might wonder why she was on water. It could throw the slavers off the scent. At least for a little while.
“So the godless one has returned,” a voice shouted.
Both Jonathan and Kookli stopped and looked around. They spotted the speaker. Jonathan couldn’t remember his name but knew him to be one of the zealots. He was returning from Port Hardy or what was left of the little town.
Jonathan called out to him, “have some news you’ll want to hear. Why don’t you and your friends come over to where…?”
“Don’t dictate to me…”
“I was not dictating and if you had any intelligence you would have realized I asked a ques…”
“I have more intelligence than…”
“Hey, go fuck yourself you ignorant bigot. I’ll say this one more time. I have news that you and your…”
“Don’t curse me you godless freak…”
“Than go fuck yourself again.” Jonathan strode off in a huff with Kookli trying to keep up. The half hour went by quickly and Jonathan’s anger was almost dissipated by the time they came to the main shelter in the little hollow.
He was greeted by Tony and Bob. They had heard Jonathan.
“G’day mate,” Bob said. A big smile creased his face. “No meteors for some time. I wonder why?”
“You can stop wondering. I’ll tell you why but better get everyone here so I don’t have to repeat myself.”
Bob and Tony looked a bit stunned. Jonathan’s anger at the religious zealot had not completely waned.
“And is Dr. Bond around? I have need of his advice.”
“Jonathan what’s up?”
“Tony you remember I said the swarm behavior defied the laws of science?”
“Sure. But they seemed to.”
“No. The laws of science were true but the truth was too, ah, too weird to believe so none of us could comprehend the phenomenon. Bob get the others. Everyone needs to hear this.”
As Bob moved off shaking his head Jonathan called after him, “and be sure to find Dr. Bond.” Bob’s head shaking turned to nodding.
Fifty to sixty people would eventually gather in the shelter of the hollow. Stragglers occasionally wondered in to swell the ranks but many of the non-religious survivors were off doing chores or had no interest in what Prezlee had to say.
There were fewer survivors living at Busland now. A sizable number had decided to cross to the mainland and seek refuge in the city of Vancouver when the meteors failed to come back regularly.
Jonathan had wandered there but had reported the city was devastated by the earthquakes, meteors and the volcanic ash. People had survived living there but it was difficult.
At least it had some form of stable government and work had been underway to regain the material aspects of the culture. Not hard to see why many people would want to go there.
Captain Schollander, Dr. Bond and a few others only stayed out of a sense of duty to those who did not wish to travel to Vancouver. Jonathan tried not to minimize what he saw in Vancouver when he reported. He told the Busland residents that there was little food and rationing was practiced. All the canned food was gone. With the earthquakes, volcanic ash still falling, and the occasional the meteor swarm acquiring food was difficult. Many in Busland had decided to stay. None of the religious survivors had left their camp further down the valley.
“Jonathan would you introduce me to your companion? And why is she holding that radio to her ear when all it gets is static?”
“Kookli this is Tony Schollander. He’s captain of the flight, this plane.” Jonathan pointed to the airbus which had little in the way to call it an airplane anymore. What was left was a rough shell pockmarked with hundreds of holes from the swarm. 
Jonathan turned, “Tony this is Kookli. She’s an alien from outer space.” He watched Schollander for the reaction. He wasn’t disappointed.
Schollander at first looked stunned. This turned to credulousness then finally a big smile. “Oh, you’re giving me the mickey.”
Jonathan smiled, “no. No I’m not. It’s an interesting story but we’ll tell it when everyone is here. And there’s an important reason why she’s holding a radio playing static.”

<<<  >>>

“Okay everyone. I have some bad news and some worse news. Let me start with the bad news first. By the way, where’s Dr. Bond?”
Jonathan repeated to those in attendance what he had told the residents of Camp Ma. Kookli also told everyone what she had related to the group up north. When they came to the part of the meteors a celebration did take place. This bothered Jonathan though he did not speak of it.
“It’s time to break out the booze,” someone yelled. Others cheered and called for the spirits which some inventive survivor had made.
“Hold on,” Jonathan said loudly. He would have to yell if he was going to be heard.
“HOLD ON.”
“I don’t think you appreciate the possible danger from these slave masters.”
“If they exist we’ll take care of them.”
“With what?” Jonathan had to put both hands together so he could be heard. “They have weapons. This is one of their weapons.”
“Do you really expect us to believe that?”
“Why not? Why would I lie?” Jonathan looked for Tony and Bob. These two were not smiling and looked pensive.
“Aw, you always exaggerate.”
“I never exaggerate.”
“Bullshit. Where’s the booze?” Another cheer went up.
Jonathan didn’t know what to do. This was crazy. It may be true that the slavers would leave everyone alone. But there was no way to determine that a priori. It simply was illogical to assume it.
Jonathan stood up from the crate he had been sitting on. He took the ray gun and aimed it at the airbus. The green bolt burst forth. He did feel a slight vibration and there was a very mild sound if up close but otherwise most would not hear it.
Few people seemed to see the green bolt. It hit the airbus above the small windows of the cabin. Jonathan had no idea what the ray gun could do as he had not fired it.
However, within moments he could see the destructiveness of the green bolt. It quickly punched a hole in the metal skin of the airplane. He moved the ray gun incrementally to his right and a hole widened. As he continued to pan right with the ray gun the hole elongated. Some few had finally noticed what Jonathan was doing.
“Hey man. Don’t…” Jonathan continued to move the ray gun and there appeared an extended thin empty space. By the time there was a foot long empty space above the windows everyone in the hollow had quieted and stood or sat watching Prezlee’s destruction of the airplane. He stopped and turned to the audience.
“So you think you can beat some slavers who have slaves which will die without protest with the weapons you have? I don’t think so.”
He had their full attention now. “We must assume these slavers will either kill us or try to enslave us. And where the hell is Dr. Bond?”
“Jonathan what do you think we need to do?” Tony asked.
“Those not willing or able to fight get out of here. Go to Vancouver or any place though it would be a good idea if there was some sort of communication. Most people have learned Morse code so we could set up a system from ridge to ridge.”
“What are you planning to do?” Bob asked. Dr. Bond finally strolled into the hollow.
“I’d like to set up a guerrilla force…hey Dr. Bond, Jim, I need you. Well, she needs you.”
“What is it Jonathan?” Dr. Bond looked at Kookli who still had the radio playing by her ear. “This is Kookli. She has an implant. There by…you haven’t any idea what we’ve been talking about have you?”
Dr. Bond shook his head. Jonathan went through much of what he had already told those at Camp Ma and at the hollow. The one thing most at the hollow recognized now as supremely important was the reason Kookli played static by her ear.
“An implant?” Dr. Bond said as he examined Kookli’s neck. “Look down for me Kookli.”
Dr. Bond felt along Kookli’s neck vertebrae. He nodded absentmindedly. “Yes, I can feel it. An operation would be exceedingly difficult if I knew what the implant looked like. But quite impossible as it is now.”
“Jim, Kookli’s in danger of being killed by the slavers.” The radio suddenly stopped playing static. The batteries were dead. This caused a stir in the hollow.
“The hell with her. What about us? Aren’t we in jeopardy with her here?”
Jonathan turned angry eyes to the speaker but many in the hollow nodded and otherwise supported the contentious statement. Where was Keoni when he needed the big Hawaiian?
After much grumbling there was silence.
“Jonathan,” asked Dr. Bond, “you went to Vancouver four or five months ago right?”
Jonathan nodded.
“They may have imaging equipment by now. A surgeon would have some idea what the implant looked like and how it was attached to her brain stem.”
 Jonathan looked at Kookli but spoke for all to hear, “you’ll have to go to Vancouver. They may be able to do the operation there. I think they should have…”
Turk, Keoni and Terry McNeill entered the hollow.
“Hey Jonathan. Good news,” said Turk as he held up his hand. He was clutching something in his fist. “I got both of ‘em.”
As greetings were winding down Jonathan asked Dr. Bond what he thought about the implants.
“Not quite as difficult as I assumed but still not something we should do here. A brain operation is a very tricky thing. One slip and she’d be paralyzed for life.”
“Damn.”
“Jonathan what do you think I should do?” asked Kookli.
“Kookli you should go to Vancouver. I had hoped…well, could you draw me a map of the space ship and tell me everything about the flight controls of the transport?”
“Jonathan,” said Kookli, horror registering on her face. “You are not thinking of going up to the space ship?”
“That’s exactly what I’m thinking.”


PART III
CHAPTER ONE


The group of six watched the slavers’ camp north of it and from the location Turk had taken Jonathan. There were several other groups of the new guerrilla force spaced out along the ridge south of the clearing.
Jonathan, Turk, Terry, Bob, Keoni and Hawk overlooked the clearing in one group. They didn’t like what they were looking at. As the binoculars were passed around frowns deepened. The camp had grown since Jonathan and Turk had witnessed the murder of Kookli’s mother. They had been observing the camp and its activities for the past hour. It was early morning and still dark.
All in the new Earthland security force had paddled, board sailed or poled to Camp Ma. There they had made plans. In all there were eighteen freedom fighters. Jonathan and Turk realized the first order of business was everyone should observe the enemy.
 Jonathan, Turk, Terry and Bob were all dressed in the slaves’ clothes and each carried a ray gun which had hung from the belts of the four dead slaves.
When the six had returned to Turk’s camp they found the two slaves still bound and gagged but dead. No marks on them. They undressed the corpses and took their weapons. It occurred to them that one of the probable functions of the implants was to kill as well as communicate or utilize as a homing beacon.
Fortunately Jonathan, Turk, Terry and Bob were nearly equivalent in height and about equal in size to the slaves. The clothes of the dead slaves could be worn nominally well. Keoni and Hawk were too big for the clothes to fit them. It occurred to Jonathan none of the slaves they had seen had been of color.
All the slaves in view were of a similar height and weight and skin color. Only the hair had differences and that was slight.
Jonathan reasoned the benign aliens had taken humans from a similar gene pool. No slaves of color were in their society and with the eugenics of the slave masters it would seem most slaves had an overall sameness in appearance.
They counted forty slaves but it was difficult as they were so similar. They assumed the number was higher. But where was the slave master? They focused on the tent but they detected neither movement nor signs the slave master was in residence.
The transport ship was nearly in the same location. There hadn’t been any significant activity for the hour they had lain under camouflage of a big fir tree. The transport was unmanned and most of the slaves were in the completed barracks. The six needed a counsel so they backed off the ridge to the slope on the lee side.
“Jonathan what do you think?” Terry asked.
“I think there must be a slave master in the tent. These slaves have to have orders and only the slave masters can do that.”
“Not all slavers have the same capability to use the implants according to Kookli,” Turk said. “And they can communicate with each other she said.”
“So brah what we do wit da slavah?”
“I say kill him.” Turk was pretty adamant about avenging Kookli’s loss.
Jonathan nodded. He hated the idea of killing anyone for any reason but this was not some theoretical discussion in philosophy class. “I see no other way around that. We have to eliminate his ability to communicate with the other slavers. He may be able to contact the slavers on the space ship. But getting to him is going to be the tricky part.”
“We don’t have much more darkness left. A couple of hours at most,” Turk pointed out.
“Yes, but we cannot just bring Keoni and Hawk into this camp unless we know the whereabouts of the slaver. The moment he should see us he would try to communicate and we would be sunk.”
“Utilize the old army way and crawl on our bellies?” Terry asked.
“If it was darker in the clearing I’d say it might be worth a try but there’s too much light around the tent and the barracks and the transport,” Jonathan said.
They were silent.
“For right now the best decision I think is to do nothing yet.” Jonathan added, “What do we have to lose by waiting?”
This wasn’t the reason why they were here but none could think of an alternate plan. They crawled over the ridge to once again observe the camp.
After another half an hour the slave master came out of his tent. Though he said nothing slaves began to come out of the barracks. They formed up and Jonathan counted forty. He knew there were others in the barracks but guessed there could not be more than twenty slaves unobserved. He was sure the rest were workers and they had to sleep sometime.
Two more humans emerged from the tent. They strode up to the slave master. And spoke in English! Their conversation carried quite well in the early morning. There was only a slight breeze from the ocean.
“You have your orders,” said the slaver.
The two nodded. “You sure Tarksha’s daughter will be there?”
“She was there a few hondras, hours, ago. Before her signal ended. We need to know why her signal starts and stops,” said the slave master.
“She is probably in the company of these humans. What if they resist?”
“Kill the ones who resist and yoke the other ones who look like good slave material. We will need a lot of slaves. Since we could not kill off all the humans with the asteroids we will need an army of slaves to kill the ones who survived.” The slave master paused in contemplation.
“It will be interesting to see what kind of breeding we can achieve with the new strains.”
“And the ones who aren’t good slave material?”
“Kill them. Get used to it. There may be a half billion humans left on Terrferman. We cannot enslave them all but we cannot allow them to live next to us. In either case it may take years to have the society and life we deserve.”
Jonathan found he had been holding his breath. He hadn’t wanted to miss a single word. He let out his breath slowly and began to breathe normally.
Turk grabbed Jonathan and tapped the others. He wanted them to follow him over the ridge so they could converse.
Turk was beside himself. “We have got to kill that bastard. All those bastards…”
“We will Turk,” said Jonathan. “How many batteries did you give Kookli?”
“Ah, all I had. Probably enough for another four or five hours.”
“That’s good. She’ll probably be in Vancouver when the batteries run out.”
“Who’s left at Busland?”
“Just the religious folk.”
“How many of them are there?” asked Jonathan.
“Oh about thirty or so. At least that’s what Tony thought,” McNeill said.
“They wouldn’t let us talk to them,” Bob said. “I suppose I shouldn’t have mentioned you…”
“Yeah, your name is poison to them. They refused to even allow Bob and me to stay and they usually tolerate us since many were passengers on the plane.”
“How many have weapons you think?” Jonathan asked Jim.
“A few have rifles but there can’t be much in the way of ammo for them. A few have bows and arrows and some have knives of one sort or the other. They won’t be able to put up much of a fight.”
“Then we have to head into camp the moment the transport ship takes off…”
“And kill that motherfuckin’ bastard…”
“Yes, Turk and kill the slaver. We’ll go by our original plan. We’ll escort Keoni and Hawk. But you two have to act like you’re hurt. Otherwise no one would believe that the four of us could bring you in.”
“And you’ll still carry the ray guns?” Hawk asked.
“Hmm, good point. No, since you’ll be doubled over why don’t each of you carry a ray gun concealed. If anything should go wrong you’d have the best chance to get a shot off quickly. Quicker than the ones hooked to our belts at any rate.”
Sunrise was approaching.


CHAPTER TWO


They watched the transport ship fill up with armed slaves and the two other slavers. They assumed the two minor slavers could and would fly the transport ship.
The head slave master also watched the progress of the transport ship as it lifted off the ground. The ship rose straight up with hardly a sound. And Jonathan had wondered about this. ‘What did they use for propulsion?’
As the transport ship gained enough altitude above the trees it swung around and headed south. Presumably to Busland.
Before the ship was out of sight the slave master retired to his large opulent tent. When Turk saw the slave master disappear he started to rise. Jonathan clasped his arm and kept Turk from standing erect. Jonathan shook his head. He whispered into Turk’s ear, “let’s wait a few minutes. Maybe he’ll go to sleep.”
Turk at first stared at Jonathan then nodded. He realized the plan had to succeed although whether for Kookli to be safe. Jonathan hoped that Turk had not smoked any of his pakalolo, marijuana. As they say in Hawaii it was ‘da kine’ – very powerful.
They waited for twenty minutes and it was agony. None could wait any longer. The six made their way down the slope very quietly.
They assumed their roles for the ruse they had planned on. However, the grasses in this part of the clearing had not been flattened so they went slow to minimize sound. No slave was in sight to observe this. They hoped the slaver wouldn’t see them as they certainly weren’t acting as slaves under orders. Real slaves would not think about going slow Jonathan presumed.
Their hike lasted much too long. Turk and Bob were perspiring and it wasn’t solely due to the warm morning. Jonathan could tell nerves were somewhat frayed. It reminded him of the most important game he played in college.
Jonathan’s college basketball team had to play their arch rival in the last game of the season. It was a pivotal game for the league championship. Jonathan’s team, the Abalones named after a local culinary favorite though now fished out of existence, hadn’t won a championship in twenty three years.
In fact they hadn’t even had a winning season in ten and only one in fifteen years. This was a huge game. And unfortunately it was on home court. Can you imagine that the most important game in years would be a detriment if played on your home court?
Everyone thought it would be a good thing; home court advantage. It usually is. But the home crowd was nervous yet extremely excited. The reporters from the local papers and TV would be there. There was even a crew from one of the stations in San Francisco. The pressure was unbelievable.
Had they been on their opponent’s court they would have been more relaxed as they were used to being booed and jeered by their opponents’ fans. But at home in this game the pressure in the stands was palpable. The pressure on the hardwood floor was overbearing.
The players wouldn’t talk about it and looked nervous. Jonathan had hoped once the game started maybe they’d come out of it. They didn’t. More unforced turnovers occurred in that game than in any three games all year. Guys flubbed his passes, shot airballs or inexplicably forgot the basic fundamentals of passing. And defense…!
Jonathan knew his teammates were tight when a few tripped over the waxed hardwood in warm-ups. A few players stubbed their toes just going to the center circle for jump ball. The game was one of misery and Jonathan refused to watch the tape of the game.
Turk, Terry and Bob were tight Jonathan knew as they walked toward the tent. It was fortunate they were going slow and picking their way. Those three would probably trip on Astroturf at this point. Jonathan didn’t think Hawk or Keoni were too tight nor did he think they would fail under pressure. He was glad he gave Keoni and Hawk a weapon. He and Turk retained the other two but he was not too certain he wanted Turk to use it. Jonathan had no idea how Turk would react in a tense situation. Turk’s anxiety might alter his aim and his blast might be off target. Lethally off target.
They arrived in near proximity to the tent. The sun in the east was up enough to cause shadows so they stood for a second where their shadows could not be seen from anyone inside the tent.
Jonathan unhooked his ray gun silently. Turk did the same with a hard and determined look on his face. Jonathan watched Turk with real but silent misgivings. 
He motioned for Turk to follow behind Keoni and Terry to follow Turk. He motioned for Hawk to come after him with Bob trailing.
Jonathan and Hawk skirted around the front of the tent opening. It was larger than he had thought from the vantage of the valley slope. It was an easy ten feet high and nearly the same across. The tent opening led to an antechamber, reminding Jonathan of the foyers in the houses of the east coaast. Rugs were laid down in the entrance. 
Now they had two teams.
Both teams approached each side of the tent opening. They heard no noise, saw no movement. They didn’t stop at the tent opening but quietly stole through the portal. It was an antechamber and about ten feet deep. The thick rugs muffled the sound of their movement. They went into the main chamber with ray guns pointed forward.
The slave master was sitting with his back to them. His arms were folded and his head down as if in concentration. Maybe he was asleep. Jonathan nodded and he and Keoni aimed and fired. Turk moved in and fired. There was no need for Hawk to fire. The slave master was master to none no more. He was dead before he his head hit the table in front of the screen.

<<<  >>>

“I hear ‘em,” whispered Turk.
“Shut up,” hissed Jonathan. Keoni clapped his catcher mitt sized hand on Turk’s slender shoulder. Turk quieted and even calmed down a little.
The four, Jonathan, Keoni, Turk and Bob had hidden themselves behind the partially closed curtain separating the bedroom from the main chamber. The bedchamber was connected to the main chamber and they would have an uninterrupted view of the two lesser slavers if they entered.
Hawk and Jim were hidden in the chamber to the right of the entrance from the tent antechamber. They had had to rearrange the furniture slightly. Hopefully not too much that the two lesser slavers would notice but enough to remain unobserved.
“Do you want the good news…” said a slaver as he entered the tent’s antechamber.
“No. That’s not it. It’s ‘have some good news and some bad news.’” Said the other slaver as they walked into the main chamber. They both laughed.
“Why did your transmission stop?” asked one slaver. “We had to use the hand modulator to get the slaves to work correctly.”
The two lesser slavers saw the head slaver seated on the chair. The dead slaver was positioned to look like he was asleep with his head resting on his folded arms before the screen. The six had had to bandage the slaver so his wounds wouldn’t leak too much and become noticeable. They also changed his clothes as well as find a different but similar chair.
“Wake up you dull bones,” said one slaver as they advanced.
The other slaver turned to his friend, “you have to learn the lingo, that’s ‘lazy bones’ not dull bo…”
Four green bolts from the ray guns hit the two slavers. They died too quickly to whimper.
Bob and Turk were sick and it surprised Jonathan how far emesis could travel. With the sun warming up the day which was now late morning the smell in the tent became nauseating and Jonathan fled with the others to escape it.
The six exited the tent in bright sunshine. Before them were slaves in different poses but frozen. Many of the slaves stood idly with arms draped to their sides. Others were in positions of sitting. The slaves had blank faces though their eyes looked around.
One slave had a ray gun aimed at some normally dressed humans. These humans had a metal ring around their neck. The six recognized some of them.


CHAPTER THREE


The religious folk.
All eight of them stood still without moving and without seeing.
The six went up to the religious folk who had been assembled not far from the tent. Jonathan stood next to the armed slave and reached slowly and cautiously. He placed his left hand on the top of the ray gun. It was aimed in the general direction of what was left of the Busland zealots.
Jonathan had his ray gun trained on the slave just in case. He took the ray gun out of the hand of the slave. He breathed a sigh of relief. He really didn’t want to kill the slave.
Jonathan turned to the other five, “let’s get all of the ray guns.” He handed the ray gun to Terry. He whistled so the other two groups of his guerrilla force would come into the slavers’ camp.
Keoni, Turk, Terry and Bob went into the barracks to retrieve the ray guns as Jonathan had the newcomers take the weapons off the slaves. Jonathan returned to the tent to look for the hand modulator. He had examined the neck rings on the religious people and found there was a wire of sorts embedded into the neck of them. He did not want to remove it but thought it would not be difficult with proper surgery.
However, he thought he might use them in their present condition. Somebody needed to bury the dead slavers. So he searched for the hand modulator the one lesser slaver had mentioned and perhaps he would be able to operate it.
Jonathan did not find it in the tent and left. By now all of the modest guerrilla force had entered the compound and were assisting the others. The alien slaves and erstwhile slaves had not moved.
Jonathan walked into the transport ship. It reminded him of the large troop and material transport planes of the military. The end of the ship had a ramp for either men or wheeled vehicles. He walked up the ramp and into the body of the transport ship. He assumed the flight controls would be found in the front and he was not disappointed.
As he looked around Terry and Bob entered the forward area. “This must be it,” said Terry with a big smile. He looked at home in the cockpit.
Bob looked the control panel over. He sat in one of the chairs and began to study it.
“What do you think Bob?” Terry asked. Jonathan continued to look for the modulator without success.
“It seems pretty straight forward. These people wanted things easy so I think I can figure it out.” Jonathan went back into the body of the ship.
McNeill exited the transport ship as Jonathan began searching the main cabin. He heard Terry say, “Everyone. On your hands and knees.” Jonathan paused and wondered what in the hell Terry was doing.
“Okay everyone. Now bark like a dog.”
Jonathan heard some barking, some woofs and a few growls and laughter. He went to the edge of the ramp and looked out.
McNeill was before the assembled erstwhile slaves and the few slaves that had not been in the barracks. All the slaves were on their hands and knees but only the earthborn slaves barked. Terry as well as several others was laughing.
“Okay, now meow like a pussycat.”
 And the earthborn slaves began mewling.
“Terry. Would you give me that? There’s work to be done.”
“Aw Jonathan. Go ahead and have some fun. Remember these folk want to burn you at the stake.”
Jonathan hesitated but for only a moment. “Okay, make them crawl on their bellies like a snake and go hiss.”
Terry gave the command and the earthborn slaves did exactly that with varying degrees of proficiency. The other slaves just lay on the ground.
“Funny. The real slaves can’t do the good stuff,” said Terry as he looked at the modulator as if he could make it work for the non-earthborn slaves.
“Probably means Terry, that when they learned English in the pod they were not taught the sounds of dogs or cats. Hmm. That’s kinda interesting. I wonder how we can use that to our advantage.” McNeill gave the modulator to Prezlee.
Hawk and Keoni came out of the barracks, “did you know all the slaves there are on their bellies?”
Jonathan held up the modular. “This commands them. I’ll have to figure out how to make the commands for several rather than all.” Jonathan began examining the device.
Jonathan pushed down one button. “New slaves stand.” Jonathan wanted to see if he could limit the commands. The newly enslaved stood as the other slaves remained on the ground.
Jonathan pushed down another button. “All slaves stand.”
And all the slaves stood.
Jonathan pushed down the first button. “New slaves go into the tent and pick up the dead bodies. Bring out the dead bodies.” The eight earthborn slaves moved toward the tent and entered it.
Jonathan looked at two slaves and pushed down the second button. “You two slaves get shovels.” No slaves stirred.
“That didn’t work. Hmm.”
Jonathan placed his hand on the shoulder of the closest slave while the second button remained in the down position and said, “go get five shovels.” The slave moved toward the barracks.
Jonathan went to another slave and repeated the action and that slave went to gather five shovels. The earthborn slaves came out of the tent carrying the three dead slavers and stood still once they had crossed the portal.
“Take the dead slavers, er, new slaves take the dead slavers over there.” The slaves remained standing with their cargo.
“Okay. New slaves take the dead slavers thirty yards to your left.” With that command the earthborn slaves trudged the thirty yards with the dead Peeds. They stood still.
With a sigh, “okay drop the dead slavers.” Which the earthborn slaves did. Two slaves returned carrying five shovels apiece.
“Now, the two slaves carrying shovels take the shovels over to the new slaves.” The two slaves walked over to the new slaves.
Jonathan refined his commands with experimentation and the burial detail began its assigned chore. By the time the slaves were filling in the graves Terry came out of the transport ship telling people to back away. Bob was going to take it for a test spin.


CHAPTER FOUR


“Jonathan how many are in the ship?” asked one of Earthland security men named Tim. Tim was a bit cramped. All in the main cabin were a bit cramped. Jonathan could have had a place saved in the control cabin in the front but he felt he should be in this section if anything should go wrong. Besides he told himself Keoni and Hawk would have taken up space for four or five others. Others being the slaves.
“We only were able to take forty of the slaves and eight of the religious ones,” Jonathan replied. He had wanted to take all of the slaves but couldn’t get everyone in and leave space for Kookli and Dr. Bond and maybe few of the others.
As it was he had to leave twenty slaves in the hands of the rest of his guerilla force. He left seven to guard the slaves and the compound. They bound the twenty slaves just in case any slaver should try to control them.
Bob had found the radio communicator button and played static so the slaves in the transport ship should be unresponsive to any slaver though they didn’t think once in the air that would be possible. But why take chances?
They were flying over what once was Port McNeill heading to Johnstone Strait. The flotilla of boats carrying the Busland residents and Camp Ma people should be heading down the waterway to reach the city of Vancouver.
They were on their way to the small bay near the hamlet of Sayward. They had told Kookli, Tony Schollander and some others that they would try to reach this area by noon. If Jonathan and the others hadn’t arrived at the appointed time to use Keoni’s canoe and try for Vancouver.
The transport ship arrived there before noon. The only craft they saw was Keoni’s boat. As the ramp lowered and Jonathan came out he was greeted with, “can you talk?”
Jonathan looked around and smiled. “Yes. And I can recite poetry. If thou a fortune are bereft/ if thou dost have one sou left…”
“Okay, enough already,” said Beth as she and the others came out of hiding. Kookli was there with a big smile. Tony Schollander, Dr. Bond, Lanni with Pekele and Niko and a few of the Camp Ma residents greeted him warmly with hugs and pats on the back.
“Where’s everyone else?” asked Jonathan as he looked around in vain. Keoni, Hawk, Terry and Bob came down the ramp and they were greeted in like fashion.
“They left. They wouldn’t even stay with us,” said Bill Lorazini with a touch of bitterness.
Jonathan shrugged, “their loss. We’ll fly to Vancouver. Oh, ahm…It’s a little crowded. We have guests.”

<<< >>>

Fortunately the flight to Vancouver was not long. Under forty five minutes. Jonathan had told Bob a good place to land and Bob had no problem finding the site. Mosquito Creek Park was near to where the people of Vancouver had dug into the mountain. It was near the resurrected city authority and spacious enough for a landing.
The slaves stood in formation as Jonathan commanded. No sense in doing anything more with them at present. Tony with Bill Lorazini went to establish contact with the people who had survived in Vancouver. They would relay all the information they had up to this point. Dr. Bond went with them to find surgeons and medical facilities.
They not only needed to remove the implant from Kookli but all the slaves as well. This would take time and resources.
As the transport ship disgorged its passengers the A Team, Jonathan, Turk, Keoni, Terry, Hawk and Bob prepared for flight. However, the transport ship had been sighted by the populace and excited survivors streamed down to meet them.
“Tim. You and the others do the meeting. And be sure you cover and guard the slaves. Can’t have any problems at this point. See you later today or tomorrow.” Jonathan waved and the ramp slowly shut. Once the ramp was secured Bob lifted off and headed back to Busland. They would pick up supplies. They hoped there’d be survivors who lived through the assault but weren’t too optimistic.
After that the transport would return to the compound at the cove and pick up the rest of the slaves, supplies and the rest of the guerrilla force.
By the time the transport ship returned it was late and nearing dusk. Bob had no trouble in finding the park again. The problem was there were so many people milling about that he had a hard time finding a spot to set the transport ship down.
When Jonathan walked off the ramp he was greeted by a deputation from the mayor’s office of Vancouver. Jonathan and the others shook hands with the group which consisted of a representative from the police, a representative of the mayor and one reporter. Jonathan felt comfortable with only one of them but didn’t think he’d have much time to talk with the reporter.
“That’s some ship there. What can it do?” said Thomas Catkins the mayor’s representative. McNeill was commanding the last of the slaves off the transport ship. He really liked doing it and was better at it than Jonathan.
“It can go from here to there.” Jonathan didn’t like the swarmy smile he was looking at.
“It can go to outer space?”
“Well, we’ll be in the process of finding out. We’ll keep you posted.”
Catkins looked up, “you’re not going to go up there?”
“Certainly.”
“But we need…”
“Stop. If you need something different from everyone else on the planet than go ahead and tell me. But if not…”
“But we could…”
“Stop. We’ve brought supplies and the last of the slaves. If you guys can un-slave them then we’d have some allies. We’re going to need allies or haven’t you heard about the slavers?”
“Ah, yes, we had been told. But really…”
“Stop. That’s all you need to know. We’ll let you know more when we know more. Right now I’d like to talk with Tony Schollander. Maybe he can fly one of these ships.”
“TOE NEE,” yelled Keoni.
A responding voice was heard.
“Tony,” Jonathan called out, “could you come over here?” Jonathan didn’t want to leave the proximity of the transport ship. He could see more police on the periphery and he wasn’t going to cede claim to the ship. He had plans.
“Tony,” asked Jonathan when Schollander had arrived. “Do you think you could also fly one of these babies?”
Tony smiled and nodded.
“How would you feel going into space with us?”
“You want me to fly one of these transport ships back here,” said Schollander.  Catkins eyes widened and his smile broadened.
“Why that’s a great idea,” said Catkins. Jonathan had to hold his tongue although he wanted to say ‘stop’ one more time. Now the Vancouver VIP’s shouldn’t be bothering him and the guerrilla force.
“It might be dangerous Tony. We don’t really know what we’ll find there.”
“I’m for it”
“You’re a good man, captain. A good man.” Catkins slapped Schollander on the back. Tony grimaced and it wasn’t from pain.


CHAPTER FIVE


“How you guys getting along?” asked Jonathan to Tony, Bob and Terry.
“Pretty good,” McNeill said. “We’ve got the navigational screen down. We think we have figured out how to pressurize the whole ship so we can carry people in the cabin.”
“How about getting into their main space ship?”
“We think we know how to do that as well. We even have a recording if they try to talk to us. It’s on a loop so we think it’s a distress signal. That way we’ll get in and won’t have to talk with anyone.” Jonathan just nodded.
“Jonathan, if we had to…”
“Well, we don’t have to go tonight. Or tomorrow maybe. Better to have a lot of knowledge so we have a very good chance of success.”
“Hmm, with three dead slavers.” Terry said, “maybe we don’t want to wait too long…” the radio communicator of the transport kicked in. They heard some type of language coming over it.
“Shit. That’s them calling I bet,” said Terry. The others nodded. No one was willing to take that bet.
“Well…” Terry and Bob looked to Jonathan.
Jonathan shrugged, “let’s saddle…enough with the military shit. Let’s go up.”

<<<  >>>

There were two teams flying up to the space ship with Tony Schollander in the cockpit to see how Bob was piloting the transport.
The transport contained the A team and the B team. Outside of Keoni, Hawk, Big John and Tony Schollander all were dressed as slaves. They each had one addition. They carried two ray guns.
They had no idea what powered the ray guns and they didn’t want to be using one when it ran out of juice, sort to speak. Tony and the B team were to secure a second transport ship and fly out.
The guerrilla force had discussed the possibility of the B team waiting for the A team as backup but there was no secure way to communicate with each other. Without communication it was deemed to risky for the B team to wait. The B team would leave once Tony Schollander, a captain once again, had the mastered the controls.
Since Tony had sat in during the learning session with Terry and Bob it was thought it would not take Tony long.
Bob flew the transport ship with superb skill. Once up at ten thousand feet he tilted the ship up and engaged the main engines. Everyone was strapped in but the shock of acceleration and the corresponding g force was incredibly intense. Two passed out and someone or two vomited.
It surprised Jonathan how fast they reached the Karman line. The theoretical boundary between earth’s atmosphere and outer space. Once they were seventy five miles above the planet they were effectively in outer space. Most felt a little ill and some were quite ill but by this time they had some sense of the physical effects and were ready for the mission.
Another surprise was the sighting of the larger space ship. Hardly had they gone into outer space when they sighted the space craft. Bob piloted the transport ship towards it. It grew in size as they approached. It got bigger and bigger still.
“Well, Jonathan. It’s not the Enterprise.”
The problem now was to find the entrance into the ship. As they approached the ship, and no way for any of them to distinguish direction, they cruised along the mid-ship area.
The space ship was elongated and looked from the side like a flattened football. They assumed they were seeing it at its side. Bob headed toward what they thought would be the rear of the ship.
They were pretty confident that the space ship had no weapons. Unlike the sci-fi genre whether in print or on the screen which portrayed space as a haven for multitudinous beings the reality was there was little chance for many life forms mastering space travel.
One thing that got Jonathan in trouble was his contention that our species, sentient Homo Sapiens, are in one way very unique. It took most of earth’s history of its billions of years to create through cause and affect our human race. The cause was a series of global catastrophes to finally produce man.
Had any catastrophe been of a different magnitude or in a different order the result would probably not be Homo Sapiens. Some other bi-ped perhaps but not us, man, Homo Sapien. In the billions of years in the life of our planet man emerged only a couple hundred thousand years ago.
 What got Jonathan into further trouble was he could no longer accept Darwinian evolution. It just wasn’t science. He knew science could not actually validate the theory. Only the gradualists supported it which is not the same thing and this smacked of ideology to Dr. Prezlee.
Biologists had failed for nearly one hundred fifty years to validate Darwinian evolution. The only chance geneticists had, the human genome project, was also a failure for science to validate Darwinian evolution and creationism was an ideology and in no way scientific. Prezlee wondered if perhaps mutations, selective mutations, were the result from global catastrophes which bombarded our planet with types of radiation. It was possible all mutations which created the different species and differing DNA occurred through the agency of global catastrophes.
In fact, the completion of the human genome project ended what hopes the gradualists had to show science could and did confirm Darwinian evolution as scientifically valid. The genome project ended long before schedule. They assumed the human genome had to contain three hundred thousand genes to validate Darwinian evolution. they only found less than one tenth, twenty-eight thousand genes and change, which confirmed the project as a way for science to validate Darwinian evolution was a failure..
Yet for some odd reason, at least odd to Jonathan, people showed incredible willingness to accept whatever a ‘scientist’ proclaimed. He understood why scientists accepted gradualism but not non-scientists. 
When Jonathan had been forced to a gag order while no discussion or even scientific examination of his observations of El Capitan in Yosemite occurred he had developed a strong understanding why s those with degrees had to accept the company line.
If the students in graduate programs did not accept blindly and with faith the ideologies of Darwinian evolution or gradualism they would never be allowed to finish their degree.
It was as simple as that. Conform and be a part of the team, question and you’re gone.
It was Jonathan’s opinion that man cannot truly know what reality is. Two hundred years ago man knew more than those three hundred years ago. One hundred years ago man knew more than those two hundred years ago and we know yet more today. Isn’t it possible that man will know more than us in one hundred years? In two hundred years? So why would anyone think there could any theory developed by man that would be one hundred percent correct? Or even mostly correct.
And as for gradualism, the theory was proposed by a lawyer, Charles Lyell, in the early 1830s. Not only wasn’t he a scientist, but science didn’t really exist then. Not as it is understood today. There was no sense of scientific ethics for instance nor was examination and thought based on the scientific method as has been formulated. 
Therefore, Jonathan never assumed any theory could be considered a truism especially if it did not explain the phenomena of nature, reality. Scientific evidence did not support gradualism no matter how much those with degrees believed in it and taught it in their bully pulpits. And that was a crux of the matter. Gradualism was a belief system, an ideology.
But his detractors had asserted scientists supported it so it must be scientific. Jonathan pointed out that scientists had also supported phrenology, the master race and other egregious theories. There had scientists who supported racial distinctions and placed certain peoples in ‘sub’ categories. German scientists had once thought ‘racial’ Germans were a master race. Jonathan knew it wasn’t just illogic. Preconceived biases gain ascendancy in academia as well as anywhere else.
What are student to do? They are on class at an early age to absorb and not to question. Students must accept and remember what has been taught or they will not pass the tests. If you do not pass the tests you cannot get into graduate school. If you don’t get an advanced degree one cannot work in the field.
Students are human and few will go against the majority. Even if they had begun their education with an open mind the schooling each receives forces the student to conform. It is in the most part subtle. Most students just want to do well and graduate so they can get the job suitable to their interests.
There is conformity in the curriculum. There is conformity to listen to the professor to get good grades. There is conformity in what the professor teaches and no professor can teach anything other than gradualism. They wouldn’t be allowed a teaching position or would lose one if they even mentioned other possible theories. There’s a certain kind of tacit peer pressure to conform and no job awaits those who do not conform. There is also the overall acculturation which makes non-scientists and would-be scientists conform to the prevailing belief.
Even worse, if someone does question gradualism people with degrees in science will become surprisingly angry and contentious, incredibly defensive and accusatory. Many will lash out and attack the debunker with a harshness only reserved for the most heinous enemies.
Once Jonathan achieved his degree and a position in Mexico for Pemex to survey possible sites for exploration of oil deposits he wrote articles. He just wanted to establish discussions. Prezlee never thought he was infallible and he could be wrong. So he wrote about the two major holes in the theory of gradualism. Mountain building and the frozen mammoths. (*A short essay regarding the frozen mammoths of which Charles Darwin himself was made to comment on can be read at the end of the novel.)
Although there were peers who were interested in his articles he could not get widely published nor placed in any of the major journals.
This impinged his idealism and he decided he had to make adjustments. His mother had been a politician and though she had ideals she was not an idealist. He tried to learn from his mother’s attitude. 
Jonathan’s wool gathering ended when he heard Bob call out, “there it is. Kookli sure knew how to draw a map.”
Kookli had spent several years outside her stasis pod. Nominally to be one of the fortunate slaves to do the important work in maintaining the operation of the big ship. But the truth was that her father wanted her and her mother near him. He had spent less time in stasis because of the necessity to create a global catastrophe and other needs and had aged more than his contemporaries. Tarksha felt he would not live long enough to roam upon Terrferman.
Kookli then had the run of the big ship from infancy intermittently until she could actually help her father or at least look like she was helping Tarksha. The stasis pod did not work well for those still growing. Mature females were given a drug to avoid menstruation though still had to leave stasis at times for the body to adjust to normalcy.
The mind had also to be kept busy so learning programs were subliminally introduced. Kookli thought that many who had spent years in the pods probably knew scores of languages and trades.
“Hey Bob,” said Terry. “Just follow that ship into the hangar.”
Bob nodded. The hangar entrance was very wide. Probably could fit five transport ships side by side. As the other transport ship entered into the hangar Bob piloted his transport to nearly match the other ship. Bob glided along side but slightly behind the other transport as they entered into the hangar.
Bob had to quickly turn to the left. He had retracted the front window shield once in outer space which made viewing the scene better than watching the monitors. Bob was able to see the other ship and follow it. The docking quays were on either side of a long flight. Jonathan assumed it to be over one hundred meters long. Bob chose a quay in the middle left and guided the transport to a stop. The other ship had parked further in.
There was a small door on the right side of the main chamber. Easier to use than the ramp and they decided they would exit the ship through that access. When they could move. They all sat and gathered themselves mentally, physically and emotionally. They contemplated what they had done so far and what they hoped to do. It was eeriness personified being on an alien ship in outer space.
There was a knock on the front window. Those in the cockpit were startled. A slaver was saying something. Bob reached behind and patted his neck and shrugged. The slaver pointed to the transport side access. Bob nodded in understanding.
Jonathan went back into the main cabin and said, “We have company. No one talk until he’s in here.” Jonathan went to the door and opened it.
Jonathan stood aside as the slaver entered. He closed the door slowly.
“Something something something? Something something…”
He never finished what he was going to say. Turk had blasted him the moment he had a clear shot. The slaver was dead instantly.
“He’s probably from the transport ship that just came in. There’s bound to be another one or two of them. Tim, Turk and I will go and check it out. Hawk and Keoni back us up.”
Jonathan had dressed himself in the jodhpurs and a shirt from the first dead slaver. He hoped he could pass as a slaver leading two slaves. The three left by the side exit. They came to the other newly arrived transport ship. No one was in the cockpit as Jonathan walked past. As he turned past the front of the ship he could see several slaves standing inert by the side access. Jonathan placed his hand on his neck and rubbed it. He didn’t know if it would tell the next slaver his implant was not functioning properly but it had worked once already.
“Something something something communication something?” A slaver came out of the side portal. “Something something Birksha?”
Jonathan nodded and pointed toward his transport. The slaver stepped past Jonathan walked around the front of the transport. When the slaver could not be seen from the front cockpit window Turk shot or beamed or blasted him. Jonathan did not have to look to know the slaver was dead.
Jonathan assumed there’d be a third so he went through the access hatch and into the main chamber of the transport. A slaver was trying to place a ring around a young blond woman, who looked to be in her early twenties. Her feet were shackled and her hands strapped in wrist restraints above her pinned to the metal hull of the transport.
The slaver turned and saw Jonathan and straightened, “something something something,” and the slaver leered at the young woman.
Jonathan nodded and walked over to him. He saw no other slaver only slaves and a few humans who were restrained.
As Jonathan neared the slaver the slaver turned back to the woman and had his hands on the ring. Jonathan unhooked his ray gun and fired at the slavers neck. The slaver crumpled and was dead before he hit the floor.
The woman had opened her mouth to scream but Jonathan fiercely hissed, “stop. Be quiet. We’re from earth and we can take you back there. Just be quiet so no other slavers come.” As he finished speaking Turk and Tim brought in the dead slaver that Turk had killed.
Jonathan turned back to the woman, “do you speak English?”
She curtly nodded her head, “a leettle, I from Rumania.”
Jonathan nodded. “I’m Jonathan. This is Turk and Tim. We can take you back to Canada. Is that all right?” as Jonathan attempted to disengage her manacles.
She thought for a second and nodded again.
“Are all these people from Romania?”
She nodded.
“Well, at least you’re alive. You’ll be okay.” Jonathan turned to Turk and Tim. “You stay here. And try to free the rest of ‘em. I’ll get the other team.” They nodded and went to work.


CHAPTER SIX


As Jonathan looked out the open door of the ship which Tony Schollander would fly back to earth another transport ship glided past and sought a place to park. Jonathan turned to Turk and almost didn’t catch him as he started to leave the ship.
He knew what Turk was wont to do.
“Turk, let’s use the team. No going rogue or heroics okay. We need to work together for maximum effectiveness…this is about our surviving…to fight another day.” Turk’s glare turned to understanding. Jonathan was thinking since Turk had witnessed Kookli’s mother’s murder he was a man possessed. Maybe obsessed. All Turk seemed to want to do was kill slavers.
Jonathan put his hand on Turk’s shoulder, “it’s okay. We’ll get ‘em.” Jonathan looked back into the main cabin and satisfied himself all was safe there.
All fifteen restrained Romanians were young attractive women. None had been enslaved before the transport ship had lifted off for the mother ship in orbit above earth. Now no longer bound they helped to disarm and shackle the slaves the slavers had brought with them to Romania.
The B team was in the transport getting ready to fly out. The A team was there because it would’ve been too conspicuous to be on the flight deck hovering around.
“Tim. Tell Tony to wait. We may have some passengers for you.” He turned to his team although Bob had remained in the first transport with Big John.
“Terry and Turk you’re with me. Keoni and Hawk back us up.” Jonathan left the ship and Turk and Terry followed. They didn’t have far to go. The newly arrived transport ship was only four berths from them. They could hear one of the lesser slavers though they did not know what language he was speaking.
Jonathan rounded the front of the ship and was encouraged no slaver was in the cockpit. He saw two slavers by the open portal on the side of the transport. He waved to them as Turk and Terry came into view. Jonathan turned and gave the come-on wave as he stepped to enter the transport.
One of the lesser slavers placed his hand on Jonathan’s left shoulder. Jonathan motioned to the two trailing. As the slaver looked over Jonathan’s shoulder Turk had his ray gun out. Turk fired. Jonathan hopped into the transport unhooking his ray gun. The other slaver was bending over and finishing up the touches of placing a ring around the neck of a young man.
The slaver turned when he realized that Jonathan had entered and not one of his fellow slavers. Jonathan fired and the slaver dropped to the floor.
Before Jonathan could check on him one of the real slaves started to unhook his ray gun. Jonathan shot him. It hurt Jonathan to shoot a slave but he had no choice. The slave could not reason and would follow orders only from a Peed. It seems the slaver had given the command to shoot Jonathan before he died. Keoni and Hawk entered the transport with ray guns drawn.
Other slaves had begun to unhook their ray guns and both Keoni and Hawk found targets. Jonathan wondered if he had actually killed the slaver and bent over him and fired at this neck. The slaver’s legs jerked. Now he was dead. The rest of the slaves stood motionless.
Keoni and Hawk cautiously went and disarmed the rest of the slaves. Turk and Terry came in carrying the dead slavers. Jonathan had to turn away. He had fucked up!
He hadn’t killed the slaver outright and now there are three dead slaves and he could have gotten one of his friends killed or injured. He was so disgusted with himself it took Keoni’s slap on his back to bring Jonathan to the here and now.
“Right. Okay. We need to get the restrained ones out to the other transport ship and the slaves who are alive they can take as well.”
“Jonathan I hate to bring this up but do you think that slaver could have communicated to any other slavers?” asked McNeill.
“I’ve been wondering that as well. The A team needs to set up ambush at the entrance to this hangar. If no one comes then we go ahead with our plan. If we have to get into a fire fight than we should be ready to take off as soon as it’s safe.”
Jonathan directed Keoni, Hawk and Terry to the entrance. “See about defensive positions.”
He told Turk to get the B team to help bring the humans and the slaves over to the Tony’s transport and to fly out as soon as possible.
“Does anyone here speak English?” Jonathan began to unshackle the nearest one.
Several nodded their heads but only one spoke, “I, we, Rumanians.”
“You wouldn’t mind going to Canada, would you?”
“No. We want to live…we not want be slaves.”
The B team came in. Jonathan hardly had to direct them since they knew want they needed to do.
“Remember to have Tony play the static just in case,” he said to Tim as he and Turk went out to meet up with the other three.
Jonathan and Turk hurried to the hanger entrance. Terry and Hawk were coming back down the long corridor. Keoni had moved some crates near the entrance and stacked them for protection from ray gun blasts.
“Jonathan,” said Terry, “there’s no one coming to this hangar as yet. The slave pods aren’t far…if the slaver would have communicated with other slavers I bet we’d be seeing armed slaves right about now. Anyway, the lift to go up isn’t too far.” And he pointed.
“Terry could you control the transport enough to shuttle it into the entrance?”
McNeill nodded, “good thinking. It would block up it up perfectly.”
“Okay, why don’t you go to that one and get it ready. We’ll wait for a little while to make sure we’re going to be alone.” Terry went off to the ship closest to the hangar egress.
“Okay, if we have to fire I want to take the lead slaver or the one on our left. Turk you take the second slaver or the middle one and Keoni you take the third or the one on the far right. Hawk you back us up. That way…”
“Yeah bruddah, good idea.”
They waited. And Jonathan decided to wait a little longer. Maybe until Tony’s transport had taken off.
Turk was starting to get antsy so Jonathan told him he wanted to wait until Tony was on his way. They didn’t have to wait much longer as they could see a transport ship begin to back out of its berth. Looked to be the second “puddle jumper.”
“What?”
“Let’s call it a puddle jumper,” Turk said.
“Why?”
“It was used in a show I liked.”
“Puddle jumper?”
“Yeah. Sounds good doesn’t it?”
Jonathan turned to Keoni who shrugged, “didn’t see dat show. Fine wit me.”
“Okay. Number 2 puddle jumper is off.” Jonathan looked around but before he could waveTerry out of the transport ship they heard voices. Jonathan took a peek.
“Looks to be three slavers. They’re not paying any attention. Don’t think they’re here for us so…”
“So we kill the bastards.”
Jonathan sighed and Keoni shrugged again. “Okay. One two three right?”
“Gotcha,” Turk nodded.
The voices grew louder as the slavers approached. None of the four knew the language although Jonathan wondered if it wasn’t Romanian. Now that he had time to listen he thought he detected words from a romance language.
Jonathan reflected this mother ship seemed to have Romania as its fief. At least Romania. How much more of the area? He wondered how many mother ships had been brought to the planet.
The three slavers came through the corridor and had reached the entrance. They paid no attention to their surroundings. The A team let them walk into the hangar. The slavers walked past the crate and had their backs to Jonathan, Keoni, Hawk and Turk. As the space increased to ten feet the four blasted the slavers. The slavers fell and the four went over to make sure they were dead. They were.
McNeill came out of the transport. They didn’t know at first what to do with the bodies. It was pretty far to puddle jumper 1 so they decided to hide the bodies behind more of the crates which were stacked not far off.
The three finished stuffing the bodies behind some crates and had headed into the corridor. They stopped short.
“Shit.”
They could see a dozen or so slaves standing still in the corridor.
“Damn it. We can’t leave them there. We’ll have to take them to where Bob…”
“You mean puddle jumper 1.”
“Right. Back to puddle jumper 1. Let’s go and disarm them.”
Taking the slaves’ ray guns presented no problem. However, to get them to walk on their own proved impossible. The A team had to pull each one forward. This did work but it was very time consuming and they decided to stash the slaves in the second puddle jumper from the hanger entrance. They still might have need of the closest one.
They took a moment to wipe their brows of the sweat and straightened their clothes. The breathed deeply and went into the corridor again and hoped this time no one else would be found there. Fortune if not smiling at least grinned.
They reached the lift. They walked into the lift which had features similar to an elevator. A large elevator. It could easily fit twenty people. They stood in the lift.
However, the controls were not so similar that they could quickly figure them out and they stood staring at them.
“Any suggestions?” asked Jonathan.
No one nodded or spoke.
“You think there might be stairs?” asked a rather dubious Hawk.
“Kookli never mentioned stairs. I never got around asking her how these lifts worked.”
They stood and stared. Jonathan was about to wing it when the lift door closed. After the door closed the lift rose. At least it felt like it went up. Jonathan arranged his team so a cursory glance would look like his slaves were behind him. Keoni and Hawk at the back had their ray guns out but concealed just in case.
The lift stopped and the door opened. In stepped a slaver with two slaves. He nodded curtly to Jonathan who nodded back.
The slaver turned and twisted the dial. The slaver looked back at Jonathan as the door closed. Jonathan nodded. He hoped the nod would convey they were going to the same place. The lift rose once again. 
Jonathan had a brief twinge as Turk popped into his mind. He hoped Turk could contain himself. He could not take the chance to turn around to look meaningfully at Turk so he silently willed him to remain calm and not blast the slaver.
The silence was at first difficult. Humans, especially Americans hated prolonged silences. It made humans uncomfortable for some reason. As Jonathan considered this he became more relaxed and he thought his team was at ease as well. He sensed the slaver was relaxed. Jonathan was beginning to have some perception for the slaver culture. He understood there was little conversation between slavers who did not know each other.
Jonathan’s eyes wandered a little as he contemplated the need for humans, at least those on earth, to fill up quiet times. As his mind reflected he could tell out of the corner of his eye one of the slaves behind his master looked at him rather frankly. This was odd and Jonathan was a bit nonplussed.
He wasn’t sure how to react. Slavers certainly would take no guff from any slave but he had not experienced any slave who had an emotive affect. He didn’t think the slave knew that Jonathan had seen his expression since one of Jonathan’s best traits as an athlete was his peripheral vision.
Yet he wasn’t sure he should take the chance. However, he decided to wait and see where the lift took them. Jonathan also thought Hawk and or Keoni would have seen the slave’s intent gaze and would be ready if anything happened. Jonathan stifled a sigh and relaxed.
Jonathan had not been counting floors, decks he supposed, as the lift passed them. Whatever floor, deck, they stopped at would be a mystery to him at this point. He had to suppress a laugh that he and the others would be wandering around an alien and enemy space ship with absolutely no idea where they were, where they were going or how to get there.
The lift came to a stop. The slaver was first to move and nodded to Jonathan who nodded back and let the slaver and his slaves depart first. The one slave looked at Jonathan from the corner if his eye. This was unnerving and Jonathan didn’t know what to do but follow on the heels of the departing threesome.
They found themselves in a large room with wide halls leading off in five directions. The slaver went straight for the most left door. No one else was around. Jonathan slowed up to put more space between the A team and the slaver. He felt a bump on his shoulder. Turk pushed past and decided the issue.
Turk quickly strode to the slaver and blasted him in the neck. He turned the ray gun on the slave who had looked at Jonathan so oddly, for a slave that is. The other slave was standing motionless.
“Dacă vrei,” the slave said as he brought up his hands to shield his face. Turk hesitated.
“What the hell does that mean?”
With a thick Russian accent the slave said, “It means please.”
Jonathan and Turk looked at each other though Turk did not lower his ray gun.
“Are you a slave?” asked Jonathan.
The slave nodded, “da, but I not haff implant.”
“Let me check,” demanded Turk. He thought better of it as he would have to lower his weapon. Jonathan could see Turk’s dilemma. He offered to check.
Jonathan had the slave bend his neck. He felt for the implant but nothing was sitting on his vertebrae. He realized this slave had no weapon.
“Nothing here. Are you Russian?” Turk hooked his ray gun. He then disarmed the other slave.
“No. Ukraine. I am engineer. I haff working in Rumania.”
“The slavers pick you up there?”
“Yes, they cum to uniwersity. Kill many but engineers are important. So they not kill me.”
“Why didn’t they put an implant in?”
“I tink because they need me to tink good. Engineer haff tink good. With implant you cannot tink good.”
“Makes sense,” Jonathon said. “Well, you can come with us.” Jonathan thought for a second.
“How well do you know this ship?”
“Wery well.”
“We’re looking to destroy the communications. We know there’s a room for that. Do you know the room? And what’s your name?”
“I am Sasha. Da, I know room. Not far. I take you.”
“Good. Then we can leave in a trans…”
“Puddle jumper.”
“Turk, he wouldn’t know what they were called.”
“I see dat show.” And Sasha smiled. He was small boned and thin, just over six feet with wispy blond hair.


CHAPTER SEVEN


Sasha led them back to the lift. They brought the newly freed slave because Jonathan didn’t have the heart to kill him. None of the A team trusted the engineer completely but Jonathan thought they could be wrong about Sasha. Yet, none offered the Ukrainian a ray gun
They hid the dead slaver’s body in a utility closet which should remain closed for some time. Hopefully they will have completed their task before the smell of putrefaction alerted the slavers.
Sasha also understood the role of a slave and would give Jonathan the directions and then walk behind him. He showed all of them how to run the lift and which deck the hangar was on. They had to go up a few more floors to reach the central communications room. Everything Sasha told them agreed with what Kookli had related.
Six stepped out of the lift taking the slave with them.
“Past dat door,” Sasha pointed to a door forty feet down a hall, “is meeting room. Dare maybe some Peeds in dare.”
“We’ll have to kill them, right?”
“I tink dat so. I haff spechal shirt but you not,” and Sasha pointed to Jonathan. “You on’y mid-lewel slawer. No go dat room.”
Jonathan was really getting tired of having to kill. In the heat of the moment was somewhat justifiable and he understood the slave masters were monsters. But to premeditate killing was still difficult. 
He sighed and steeled himself.
“Okay, I go in first. Sasha come right behind me but slow a little so they notice you and see your shirt. Turk and Terry and Hawk wait for an extra step so they focus on Sasha and me. Keoni cover us and don’t forget the entrance. Remember others may be coming in after us.
“How should the blasting be done?”
“I cover the center right and furthest from the door we enter. Turk you cover to the left and furthest from you. Terry to the right and closer and Hawk to the left and closer. We skip to the next one in that order. No one fire…”
“Let’s call it blasting,” said Turk.
“Fine. No blasting until all of us are in the room. Okay?”
They still did not give a ray gun to the Ukrainian. Sasha was not part of the team and Jonathan knew he and the others would not feel comfortable with his having a lethal weapon. Maybe he had seen too much TV; wasn’t there always a traitor? They didn’t know him and though he had been helpful he really hadn’t proven himself to the team. Sasha seemed to understand this and did not even ask for a weapon.
They walked down the corridor pulling the dead slaver’s slave. Hawk and Keoni pulled him along without too much difficulty but it did slow their progress as a group. Jonathan looked around and took a deep breath. “Ready?”
The others nodded.
Jonathan opened the door and strode in with Sasha following.
There were six slavers in the room. Three looked up and recognized Jonathan or more accurately his clothes. Although he wasn’t a high level slaver it didn’t immediately register out of the ordinary when they noticed Sasha. Three pairs of eyes looked at Sasha and no emotion stirred in the three slavers. The three heads turned to see who came after Sasha.
Jonathan once far enough in the room stopped. He stood still and unhurriedly unhooked his ray gun from his belt. Jonathan could see out of the corner of his eye Turk bring up his ray gun. As Turk took aim Jonathan also brought up his weapon. He aimed for a slaver who was nearest the door on the other side of the room. The slaver continued to pore over some papers and never looked up.
Jonathan blasted the slaver. Jonathan didn’t bother to watch him crumple to the floor. As he searched for his next victim he saw another slaver crumple and then a third. He found a slaver and fired. He hit this slaver as the slaver just stood stock still.
The shock of Jonathan’s team coming into one of the inner sanctums to kill them had completely stunned the slaver into immobility. In less than a half minute all six slavers lay dead.
“I think we’re okay. I don’t think they got off a signal to warn the others. We have to go into the commun…the com room and do the same. Everyone ready? And Sasha, why don’t you follow Hawk?”
They ran to the other side of the room. Jonathan pulled the door open and burst in. There were slavers and slaves but the A team did not have time to differentiate between them and just blasted away.
Using the same method of firing sequence as before the effect was devastating. They killed everyone in the room calmly and efficiently. Here they had to shoot the slaves. The slaves had gotten the order from a slaver and were unhooking their own ray guns. It was a case of self defense Jonathan tried to remind himself.
The communications board and screens were in full view. The team now using both ray guns fired away at the apparatus. The destruction was impressive. Jonathan noticed another door and walked over to it with his ray gun at the ready as he had seen in the many cop shows he had watched on TV.
As he neared the door it slid open revealing a small room with one slaver sitting on a rather regal chair. An important chair. The slaver had his hands to his temples. Jonathan did not hesitate. The slaver jumped out of the chair. Jonathan blasted this very important slaver. Killing him as he tried to run out of the room.
Jonathan could see another door so he again approached it cautiously. It slid open as well. He could see in and it was a nicely appointed bedroom. He checked for any occupants but found it to be empty. For that Jonathon was grateful.
Jonathan returned to the com room. Everyone had stopped blasting. Turk reluctantly so. There was nothing left to destroy.
Sasha and Keoni came in.
“Maybe some of da slavahs come.”
“Turk, go through the other rooms. I think there might be another way out of here. You guys get ready to barricade the door. Sasha come with me.” Jonathan returned to the room with the important chair with the Ukrainian in tow.
“Tell me this might be the head slaver.”
Sasha nodded, “I tink you correct.”
“What might this control panel be?”
Sasha went over to it and studied it. The screen sprang to life when Sasha hit a button. “Dat controls of ship.”
“Can you plot a course?”
Before the Ukrainian could answer Turk returned, “you’re right. This way leads out.”
“Turk, tell the others to barricade the first door we went through.”
He turned to Sasha, “well?”
“Da, yes,” the Ukrainian nodded. “It make course for dis ship.”
“Can you program a course to have it crash into earth?”
Sasha looked at Jonathan for a few seconds. Then he smiled and nodded. Sasha began to work on the keyboard or what Jonathan could only call a keyboard. He had no idea what else it could be called as he had never seen anything like it.
It took Sasha ten minutes to finish. By that time other slavers had entered the first room and were shouting for slaves to bring weapons. However, without the communications working the slaves did not respond giving the A team and Sasha the time they needed.
As Sasha finished programming the course for the mother ship Jonathan called the A team into the inner most sanctum. He had Turk blast the door mechanism so it would stay shut. Turk would blast anything given the chance.
Jonathan had Turk blast the screen after Sasha disabled the keyboard. They hurried through the bedroom and out the last door.
They found themselves in a corridor and after a few moments Sasha said he knew roughly were he was and could lead them to a lift. A different lift.


CHAPTER EIGHT


“Jonathan what’s the matter,” asked Terry. “You look so glum.”
Jonathan apparently looked as he felt. One would think he should be feeling pretty good considering all which had transpired. Yet, he had a horrible thought running through his mind.
He had penetrated a slave master’s mother ship, killed the most important slave master, disabled the communication system and sent the mother ship to hell, or what soon would feel like hell to those on board…
And this was what had him feeling glum. There were innocent slaves who would die along side the slavers. He hated to be the one to order their deaths and he could not rationalize it away.
Sasha had led them to a lift. They had heard no sounds of pursuit as they had stepped into the elevator. The slavers would have a hard time knowing exactly who their enemy was. This was encouraging.
Also the slavers seemed unable to command any slaves to pursue them so they probably wouldn’t have to kill any of the innocents. Did the slavers actually know how to kill?
“Terry. Could you fly one of the, ah, puddle jumpers?”
“Sure.”
“Really? Are you absolutely sure?”
“Uh huh. No problemo. I watched Bob and Tony and I actually took it up briefly.”
“Sasha, stop us at the slave quarters.” Sasha nodded as the others just looked at Jonathan.
“We can take maybe forty or fifty in another jumper. We have to save as many as we can.”
No one would deny him this. It was admirable but was it feasible. That was a question Jonathan pondered. He also felt the others would let him know if it wasn’t.
They arrived at the floor housing the slaves. The lift door opened and they stepped out. In front of them were slaves standing around. That was to be expect…
The slaves weren’t standing around. They were milling around. Wandering a little and looking around. They looked like normal humans who knew something was up but couldn’t figure out what it might be.
“Hey.” And Jonathan pointed at a few who were looking at the newly arrived group. “Any of you speak English?”
None responded.
“They’re slaves. What the hell do they know? They connected…”
“I don’t think so Turk. They’re not acting like they’re connected.”
“Sasha speak to them.” Which Sasha did. First in Ukrainian or perhaps Russian. Nothing. Then in Romanian and several came up and nodded.
Sasha turned to Jonathan, “they speek Rumania. I tink wait for orders.”
“Ask them if any can fly the pudd…the transport ships.”
Sasha spoke to them and five raised their hands. Jonathan pointed to the five and waved them to the front.
“Sasha, tell them they will fly fifty of…ah, well the slaves.”
Sasha conveyed this. The five pilots and the nearby slaves nodded and murmured.
“Keoni, Hawk and Turk go to the hangar and make sure we have cover. Stack the crates just inside the corridor with the first batch of fifty.”
“Jim, go to the closest puddle jumper and get it ready to block the entrance. Sasha, take one of the five and tell the rest I will select fifty to go with each pilot. But the first fifty are to help Keoni, Hawk and Turk. Find a puddle jumper for them and come back.” 
This didn’t take as long as Jonathan had feared. He didn’t know how soon the slavers would get into their control room but once they did they would certainly guess they had to abandon ship. 
Fortunately the slave quarters were only one floor above the hangar. Jonathan guessed it had been planned by the slavers for convenience.
They took twenty five in the lift at one time and in minutes a puddle jumper was full and ready to go.
It probably took a half hour to get the four pilots with their cargo. However, it took only twenty minutes for some slavers to try to reach the hanger and begin a fire fight. Jonathan came down with the last of the slaves from their lift and realized when he saw green ray gun bolts down the hall that fighting was in progress at the entrance to the corridor leading to the hangar.
With some trepidation he gave his second ray gun to Sasha. Who took it and smiled. He solemnly extended his hand to Jonathan who shook it. Turk watching this gave his second, third and fourth ray guns to the pilot and two other slaves. Turk had picked up a few from the dead slaves in the com room. Waste not, want not; plus the slavers wouldn’t have access to them.
 Jonathan nodded and the six silently crept up toward where the slavers were firing their ray guns. He peeked around the corner and could see seven slavers with three lying on the floor, apparently dead. The seven were intent on blasting at Keoni, Hawk and Terry and he thought Big John also.
The slavers were focused on blasting the A team and did not notice Jonathan, Turk and the recently freed and armed slaves. He had them lie down and motioned them to slowly inch their way forward. They needed to expose their position to have unobstructed sight in firing on the slavers. It took a few minutes to get into position. 
Jonathan pointed out the order of blasting. They all nodded and took aim. And blasted away. At first the slavers didn’t seem to notice where the killing beams were coming from. By the time they figured it out they lay dead or disabled. Turk came up and made sure all the slavers were dead. Rather gruesome for Jonathan but this was war. And war against an implacable foe who would enslave them or kill them without thought or compunction.
“Hey A team. Can you hear me?”
“Dat you bruddah?”
“K’den brah.”
“Dat Jonathan. Only him, one haole, can speak da kine. Come trew the corridor.” Keoni and Hawk moved some of the crates as McNeill covered them. The twenty five slaves, Jonathan, Turk and Sasha came sprinting past the lift closest to the corridor. No blasting was directed at them.
However, they could hear the lift stopping at the floor so they closed the hangar portal with the crates. Sasha and Big John led the slaves down the corridor in a sprint. Jonathan, Keoni and Turk gave them covering fire.
Terry had gone ahead to get the nearest puddle jumper ready to block the entrance to the hangar. Once the all ready was sounded from McNeill to Sasha to Jonathan, he, Keoni and Turk blasted fiercely for a few seconds then sprinted down the corridor through the hangar entrance.
Hardly had they cleared the entrance to the hangar when Terry moved the puddle jumper forward. He swung it around knocking over crates in the process. He wanted to block up the entrance with the side access hatch facing the hangar. He didn’t want any of the slavers to use the hatch as a way to get through to the hangar quickly.
Jonathan had Keoni and Turk accompany Terry to the next transport ship. This puddle jumper had been loaded with the human cargo by Sasha and was completely full. Jonathan ran down to puddle jumper 1. Bob inched the puddle jumper backward as Jonathan sprinted towards it. He had run track and was in good shape so he felt he should be the one to make the trip to get the convoy underway. It had been unnecessary.
Big John had waited on the deck to spread the word to head out. Bob was ready to go and Jonathan only needed to yell and Big John would have relayed the message. Jonathan wished he had thought of that as he stood breathing deeply in the cockpit trying to catch his breath. He wasn’t in as good a shape as he had thought.
Jonathan sat and strapped himself in as Bob backed the puddle jumper into the flight. He arighted the ship and headed out the hangar. Bob was followed by Terry and the five slave pilots.

<<<  >>>

“Man, is that a beautiful sight,” said Big John. He was looking out the cockpit window. Below him was the blue orb. Our earth, our home. Jonathan and Bob could add nothing and just nodded. The view was at once breathtaking and simultaneously gave them a feeling of contentment. Jonathan was happy to be going home. He felt that the earth humans would be okay. They would make things right with the world and eliminate the slavers who were left.
Jonathan was a Taoist by choice and a humanist by inclination so he had no way of understanding those who wanted to hurt others. The Dick Cheneys of the world were no different than any serial murderer since they both had a complete lack of caring and no sense of humanity for their fellow man.
Yet, he was also an optimist by nature and felt if people were given the choice they would make the right choice. An ex-girlfriend pointed out that that was naïve and much too trusting of human nature. She was an historian and she could bring up too many points he could not refute. Considering a recent historical footnote that a U.S. President and everyone in his white house lied to the American people to get the country into a war in Iraq she had a point. He was even elected to a second term. No, Jonathan told himself, he’ll probably never understand humans earthborn or not.
He looked to his right. He squinted and craned his neck. That was another mother ship. Sonovabitch. Right there. He groaned.
“What’s the matter?” asked Bob. Bob had turned his head to look at Jonathan and he could see the other slaver ship. Big John followed their gaze. He groaned as well.
“Damn. The slavers will get out of our mother ship and fly over to that one,” said Jonathan.
“I don’t think so.”
“John, why not?”
“I disabled a bunch of the transport ships.”
Jonathan looked at him with renewed respect, “really? What’d you do?”
“Well it was kinda boring waiting for you guys and I had these two ray guns so I went down the farthest ship on the deck and shot holes in it. Not too easy let me tell you. This here,” and Big John hit his balled up hand against the metal structure, “is some tough shit. Pretty time consuming. So after the second one I just went inside and blew up the control panel.”
Jonathan gave Big John a big pat on the shoulder, “Nice going.”
“Good thing it took me a while and I started at the farthest one. I had no idea you’d be bringing guests. All of the ones on the other side of this transport…”
“It’s called a puddle jumper now. We’re in puddle jumper 1.” Jonathan shrugged, “it’s from…”
“Yeah, yeah I saw that show. Anyway, there aren’t too many of these puddle jumpers left in working order. How many slavers did your girl say were on these, ah, mother ships?”
Jonathan looked at Big John oddly. He had not thought of Kookli as his girl. “Well, if I remember right she told me there were several hundred slavers though she didn’t know the exact number. She wasn’t really allowed to go to that area of the ship. She did say that there were five thousand slaves or at least that many pods for the slaves.”
“Hang on guys. I’m starting our descent. I’m going to make it slow and easy. These ships are tough and it can handle slow I’m sure. Don’t want those following us to get lost.”
Jonathan roughly counted how many slaves were in the puddle jumpers. “I guess somewhat over three hundred in all. Not many considering…” He left that thought dangling. Once again he felt horrible. The moment of contentment and happiness was over. He had a war to fight and he was going to make sure none of those motherfuckin’ assholes would live through it. How dare they force him into decisions where innocent lives are snuffed out.
Big John placed his big hand on Jonathan’s shoulder. He started to say something but just squeezed Jonathan’s shoulder instead. Jonathan began to plan the next foray into a mother ship. Some things will be the same and some things will be different.


PART IV
CHAPTER ONE


The crowd in Mosquito Creek Park stood in awe as Jonathan came out of the side hatch. He immediately went back to the rear of the transport ship as the back was lowering to become a ramp. Jonathan had forgotten there were already a score of slaves and un-slaved Romanians when Sasha put in the fifty no-longer-connected-older-slaves in the main cabin. Jonathan had also forgotten he had counted fifty-five as he thought at the last minute fifty was too conservative. But for some reason fifty stuck in his head.
The people were packed in tight and though they had undergone some banging around most had weathered the ride quite well. It had actually been packed too tightly for anyone to fall. They had hung on to the overhead straps and had been literally sardines in a can without the oil.
Big John came back to help Jonathan as Bob went over to Tony Schollander who was walking up with the police representative. Bob told them Jonathan had destroyed the mother ship by sending it down into earth’s atmosphere. If it didn’t burn up on the way down, which it probably wouldn’t, it surely would explode on impact. Bob had thought it would hit somewhere in the northern Pacific Ocean.
Word got around and three cheers for Jonathan were yelled by the three hundred people in the park. Jonathan blushed and lightly waved as he strode up to Bob, Tony and Captain Healy.
Thomas Catkins came striding up purposely with too much pomp for Jonathan’s taste. He took both his hands and shook Jonathan’s. He did the same procedure with Bob’s hand.
“I thought we’d get an extra transport but to bring us six more…” Catkins was beaming with a huge smile on his face.
“They’re not yours,” said Jonathan loud enough for most people in the immediate vicinity to hear. He didn’t want any misunderstanding.
“What? Now see here…”
“I’m not going to spend much time talking to you about it. These transport ships belong to the people who found them and that’s the Earthland Security Force. Do you want to join the force?”
“But…you can’t…”
“Yes I can. Ask the police who actually owns these pudd…transport ships.”
Catkins turned to Healy and raised his brows significantly and Jonathan thought arrogantly.
“Dr. Prezlee is correct. These…vehicles rightly belong to them.”
“But, you can impound them or something. Can’t you?”
“That would be against the law. I’m here to uphold the law.”
Catkins stood silent then strode off. While still in conversational range Jonathan told Healy, “I give you two of these transport ships Captain Healy. Do you have a pilot we can train to fly it?”
Captain Healy’s face creased into a big smile but he restrained himself admirably from laughing out loud. He nodded, “yes. I’ll send you several, pilot and co-pilot.”
“Captain Healy, I would ask a favor. There are a lot of slaves still connected but most are not. Or at least it doesn’t appear they are. We destroyed the communications link yet I do not know how effective or lasting it will be. We need to have them put into some kind of quarantine. They will have their implants removed but it will take awhile I should guess.”
Captain Healy responded, “We took your advice and kept the ones you brought in earlier and the ones Captain Schollander brought to us with static playing the whole time. Seems they need little guarding under these circumstances. We can handle the ones you brought.”
“Thank you.”
“No problem and you’re right I think. Once they’re no longer connected they’ll be great allies.”
Dr. Bond walked up to the group as Captain Healy walked over to where several of his men were.
 Jonathan had all the former and would-be slaves formed up according to who they were and what language they spoke. Sasha was in charge of the ones which spoke Romanian.
By now the entire A Team had joined Jonathan, Bob and Tony. The C team and the B team were helping with the unloading and grouping of the former slaves. Guarding them as well. None really knew enough of the slaver’s implant technology to be incautious.
“Jonathan.” Dr. Bond hailed him.
“How’s Kookli?” Turk blurted out. “Did you take out the implant?”
“Well, actually, no.”
“No. No! Whadda ya mean no?”
“She’s fine ay,” Dr. Bond said to Turk. “Just relax.” He turned to Jonathan.
“We cannot take out the implant…”
“Why not? You’ve got to help her.” Turk’s hands were balled into fists.
“Turk. Just relax and let me finish.” Dr. Bond shook his head.
To all of them he said, “full implant removal appears much too tricky to try. It’s just not safe to remove the whole device. We don’t really understand how the mechanism is embedded. To try to remove the device could do more harm than good.” Turk let out an audible groan though was able to refrain from saying anything. Jonathan thought Turk might crack a knuckle if he squeezed his fists any tighter.
“However, we removed the chip which operates the implant. She is no longer connected. She’s resting comfortably. She and the others we’ve done so far will have to remain in observation and bed rest for awhile but once the skin is healed I foresee no problem.”
“That’s good news Jim. Hate to tell you this but you have over three hundred more to do. The sooner they are fit the sooner we can swell the ranks of our small force. I’m pretty sure many of the former slaves will want to help us.”
“You’re right there. The ones we’ve already removed the chip from that speak English, and that’s all the ones you guys brought in earlier, have an overwhelming desire to help.”
“The worst for them,” Dr. Bond continued, “is that they remember everything they were told to do.” Jonathan was going to add the usual platitude ‘I think I can understand how they might feel’ but he caught himself in time.
Kookli had told them although the slaves had to spend a certain amount of time out of the pods they were never socialized as she had been. Jonathan had thought of tabula rasa but then amended this. It wasn’t completely a clean slate. There would be forms of grief the former slaves could not even begin to understand since they hadn’t learned normal human, at least normal earth human, behavior from parents. They never really had parents.
Kookli had told them that the implants could not be placed into the brain stem at too early an age so they had to have spent some time with their mothers. But they were taken from them at an early age, ala Sparta or Plato’s Republic thought Jonathan, and an important part of humanness would never develop prior to their full enslavement.
“At this point,” Dr. Bond turned to Jonathan, “I’d like her to have only one visitor. She asked for you Jonathan.”
Jonathan looked a little confused. “Oh. Ah…sure. When can I see her?”
Jonathan didn’t really like this, being a focal point, he ruminated as he walked back to the infirmary with Dr. Bond. What went wrong? How did I become leader?
When he had hit on the idea of a guerrilla force he thought of the framework in terms of Camp Ma. A democratic organization with a loose and fluid set of rules and hierarchy. He had seen it achieved with wonderful results by his friends. He liked how it worked. A lot. It fit his personality for one thing. And it fit his philosophy for another.
When he thought of a force to combat the slavers he could think of no different expression than a guerrilla force. Not a real military force with strict rules and a rigid chain of command. By definition a guerrilla force was small and mobile. It was supposed to be flexible and adaptable. Much like his style of playing basketball had been.
He didn’t mind that many in the Busland community wanted to join. It was adventurous at the very least and it was doing something to help humanity at the most. Why await these Peeds to enslave or kill the survivors. The younger ones seemed to know there was no hiding from them. Better begin immediately to challenge the slavers. Jonathan was serious about fighting the slavers but not serious about the type of organization to put in place to accomplish this.
When Jonathan came up with the name of Earthland Security he was satirizing America’s Homeland Security developed by the right-wing ideologues and the corporatists. He understood the reason the Reaganites and Friedmanites wanted to give the government more power over its citizens.
Since the Reaganites and especially the ultra-right big business interests gained every year in power and control over both the economy and the political process it would eventually need an arm to ensure the status quo. Some people aren’t going to like being marginalized with reduction in opportunities and standard of living.
Dissent will have to be dealt with at some point. It could be argued that this was paranoia but his ex-girlfriend had many historical antecedents ready to show one after another atrocious aspect of the inhumanity of man.
Corporatist ideology had only changed in one aspect since Mussolini developed the concept. No big labor would be a part of the system in the U.S.A. The merger solely of government and big business was the design of the modern neo-con.
Interestingly, the agenda is really a continuation of the imperialistic ideology developed by economist Brooks Adams, J. P. Morgan and the other industrialists from the 1890’s. It was there the attempt, successful attempt, to allow big business to gain greater access and control over the government began to be successful. The idea was simplicity itself. Did it matter it was inherently if not blatantly anti-American?
What they were able to achieve was to legalize, formalize and institutionalize big business having a way to finance those politicians looking for campaign funding. They were able to pass legislation which gave big business the same rights (but not the responsibilities or consequences) of individual citizens.
This was clearly against the wishes of our Founding Fathers. Especially Thomas Jefferson who argued the importance for the small farm and small business as a bulwark in maintaining our freedom and liberty and our democracy. The imperialist idea extended to the Supreme Court where Chief Justice Holmes agreed the buying of politicians and control of the body, Congress, which makes laws would be a good thing for America.
From that point on big business has had control of the economy to some extent. With the christening of the non-governmental agency known as the Federal Reserve Bank the accumulation of control has had only one set back. The Great Depression which put FDR in the White House and bringing in John Maynard Keynes his economic guru. Keynes economic philosophy eventually created the greatest standard of living the world had ever known. It was during the 60’s and 70’s that the earning power of the working and middle class was at an all time high.
With the emergence of the Reagon revolution and Friedman economic practices the far right and big business gained immense control over the economy which allowed them to gain control over the American society. Correspondingly, the working and middle class has seen an immense erosion of their standard of living from the halcyon days of the 60’s and 70’s. Could Jonathan poke fun at this? The guerrilla force if successful would be remembered throughout the ages.
Yet, the idea of satire backfired. For Jonathan it was a bitter pill. Ironically people liked the name and rallied around it. He hated it but it was now too late to do anything about it.
What was worse was his elevation to the head of the guerrilla force. Being around Keoni and Hawk he thought he would be a strong voice, one of many. He thought Turk McNeill and Turk would protect diversity and shun the idea of anyone being raised to an lofty status. And yet Terry and Turk to some degree had lobbied for his leadership. This made no sense to Jonathan.
“Jonathan,” said Dr. Bond, “you’ve been daydreaming. We have to go up the steps to reach the infirmary.” Jonathan nodded. He liked to daydream so it was never a negative to him.
The steps went pretty far up the hillside. And it was an impressive hill. It may be even tall enough to be called a mountain. He started climbing thinking it would be a long climb.
However, it was not. Hardly more than two flights. “Can’t be moving the patients up and down and it’s safer for them here,” Dr. Bond explained.
They walked into a huge dug out area which was buttressed with concrete. The floor was tiled and there were rooms off the main corridor. No dirt was seen anywhere though in a few areas walls had a plastic covering.
Jonathan was impressed. He could see the Canadian know-how and can-do attitude maintained a surprising healthy medical environment and he assumed the operating rooms would be sterile and up to date.
The quality of the transformation of these survivors made Jonathan forgot to wonder why Kookli wanted to see him.


CHAPTER TWO


Kookli was in a bed lying on her side. He saw a large bandage on the back of her neck and realized lying supine would be painful. She looked up and brightened. Yes, she brightened; her skin seemed to glow. Her eyes smiled as her mouth widened. She looked surprisingly attractive for someone who came out of surgery the day before.
“Hello Jonathan.” She tried to push off her elbow to raise herself up.
Jonathan was at her bedside quickly so she could avoid that movement. “Just relax Kookli. It always takes a while to recover from any surgery.”
“You look good Jonathan. But you need a shave.”
 “Ahm, you look…wonderful…”
“I feel wonderful. I feel free. Oh Jonathan it feels so good. I just wish,” tears started to roll down her cheeks, “that my mother could have felt this way.”
Jonathan sat on the side of her bed and held her hand. It was the least he could do. He certainly could not hug her in her condition to show his support and he wanted to be supportive. He felt she probably should cry. It would be cathartic. Not too surprising she would have the need to cry after what she had been through. Dr. Bond left the room.
She pulled his hand under her cheek, “get closer Jonathan. Get com –fort –able.” It took him a second to realize she was saying comphtible. She said it phonetically. He enjoyed the way she spoke English.
Her voice was neither too high nor too low. It had a slight cadence or lilt which was perfect for the pitch of her voice. Her wonderfully natural red semi-full lips seemed to pout just a little in the cutest way when she pronounced the words.
He said nothing as she wept, her tears falling on his hand. His other hand was idle and he had no place for it so he just let it lay on his lap. She stopped crying slowly and rubbed her cheek against his hand. She looked up at him.
“Jonathan, you look so good.” And she reached up to rub the stubble on his face. She smiled as she dropped her hand back to his.
“How did it go up there?”
“It went well. We saved hundreds of slaves and were able to destroy the ship. We’re pretty sure the slavers on that ship did not get away to warn the other ship.”
“The other ship?” and she looked worried.
“Yes, the one we went into had Romanian speakers, Romania is a part of Europe, so it seems one ship was for the English speakers here and one was for Eastern Europe.”
“Then it’s not over.”
“No.” Jonathan looked down.
“What’s the matter?”
“I’m going to the other ship. I can’t promise that I can save your father. I’m sorry.”
“I understand. You have to save your people, your civilization.”
She closed her eyes for a few seconds. “You will be careful.”
“Well sure,” he laughed. “I’m definitely planning on coming back. My goal is to live to one hundred and twenty.”
“Is that usual?”
“Ah, no. Hardly any hu…earth people live to ninety. And then usually not too well.”
“The Peeds have long lives. My father was near three hundred years though I believe he had been in the pod for many of them.”
“Wow. I wonder how they do it.”
“I know they have a drink. I helped to grow the plants. But I do not know what kind it is. I do not know how they make it into a liquid.”
“Huh. Well if it comes my way.”
“When are you going up there?”
“Soon. I’d like to get a few things prepared. Now that we have a pretty good idea of how these ships are laid out, and I haven’t thanked you yet for your help, so thank you, I think we can...” Jonathan looked around though they were alone in the room, “I think we can actually take over the ship and fly it down here.”
“Take it over? What does that mean?”
“It means we neutralize the slavers and take control of the ship. We call it a mother ship.”
“How are you going to do that?”
“Well, I need to work out some of the details. I know where many of the ray guns are kept. Seems the slavers don’t like to do their own killing but won’t allow the slaves complete access. This will make it easier to keep the slavers from using the slaves to kill us. I think I can find a way to block access to the com room, communications room and eventually disconnect all the slaves.”
“Jonathan what does a woman do when her man is going off to fight?”
“Hmm, a hug and kiss is customary.”
“Come closer Jonathan.” 
Jonathan thought maybe it was difficult to talk for any length of time and wanted to whisper. He moved closer as she lay in the semi-fetal position.
She crooked her finger at him. He understood it meant he was to get closer and brought his head down. He thought she wanted to tell him something private and placed his face so his ear would be nearer to her mouth. She reached up and placed her hand on his neck. Her hand felt good. It had a nice ‘feel’ as he felt her palm and fingers on his skin.
She pulled him closer and brought his cheek back in line with her mouth. She opened her lips and continued to bring him to her. She closed her eyes as their lips met. He was a bit confused and hadn’t expected this but her lips against his felt…well, soft was what the romance writers liked to write but soft didn’t really convey the texture. Her lips felt just right. Not too mushy and not too firm. Just right. After a moments hesitation he kissed her back.
It was a light kiss though her tongue touched his lips as they pulled back a little. He smiled. She read his mind. “It was my first kiss. Was it a good kiss?”
He nodded as he continued to smile. “We call the use of the tongue a French kiss. And it was a very sweet kiss.”
“Can we…?”
They kissed again. It was a deeper and more passionate kiss. Especially for her. “Was that better?”
He was grinning, “Yes. And as with anything you get better the more you practice.”
“Let us then practice.”
And they practiced. Kissing was something which Jonathan liked to do. He enjoyed kissing with all his girlfriends except one. She had a difficult time with TMJ and could not open her mouth as wide as passion demanded.
But kissing was such an individual thing. No two women kissed the same though many had a natural way of making the connection exciting and sexually compelling or arousing. Jonathan could tell Kookli was a natural.
“Did your parents kiss Kookli? I wouldn’t think that’s something the slavers have a predilection for.”
“My mother taught me aspects of sex. Breeders are supposed to know certain things. But I watched programs on the screens from your world. I saw a lot of what you call French kissing. Umm. I like it. Can we practice some more?”
Jonathan glanced down to his semi erection. It was noticeable and he was a little embarrassed should Kookli see it. Before he could form an answer she reached out and grasped his semi-hard dick. He was a little startled though he had to admit he liked it as well. He didn’t know exactly what to say.
“Kissing can make me…ahm, get excited.”
“I am glad. I am excited as well.”
“But Kookli you are in no condition to do anything about it.
She looked up at him as she started to stroke him. “It’s getting harder. And bigger.”
“That’s what happens when a guy gets excited.” He liked the way she stroked his phallus but was a little uncomfortable with what he should do about it.
“Can I see it?”
“Kookli! We can’t do anything here. Now.”
She looked up at him with confusion on her face. “Why not?”
“Well for one you just had surgery.”
“And for two?”
“I guess there’s no number two. But number one should suffice.” She continued to stroke him.
“But why can I not see your penis?”
“Well, it’s not something that we do or show when we are around other people.”
“There is no one in the room with us.”
“No, but they’re out in the corridor and all.” She continued to stroke him. She looked at her handiwork.
“I like doing this. I want to get you hard. I want to please you. I want to get you hard for me. You would please me too?”
“I would please you yes. But we really can’t do anything…”
“Please Jonathan. Can I see it?” He was fully erect now and the pants he had on was making it uncomfortable.
“What do you call a hard penis?” 
“Several things, many things”
“Cock? Is that a word for a hard penis?”
“That’s one.”
“I want to see your cock. Help me take your pants off.” She started to fumble with his belt. She wasn’t too good at it. 
He understood she was from a different culture her customs of sexual behavior were going to be necessarily different. Very different. He unbuckled his belt. She pulled off her pajama top as Jonathan watched her. He unzipped his pants.
Jonathan liked her breasts. A small handful but wonderfully real with pink nipples which were already hard. “My breasts aren’t too small for you?”
He shook his head. “No. They’re beautiful.”
She caressed them as he finished taking off his pants. She looked at his erection the whole time.
“Jonathan, let me stroke your cock again. Come closer.”
She reached and caught hold of him as he sat near her. She stroked it and her eyes were focused on it. “It’s beautiful,” she murmured.
“I want to put your cock in my mouth.” She looked up. “Lovers do that?”
He had to nod in the affirmative. “You’ve never done that?”
She shook her head. “No, but I want to. What do you call it? Sucking a cock?”
“That’s one of several things to call it.”
“I want to suck your cock.”
“I might, ah, have an orgasm.”
“I want you to have an orgasm. In my mouth.” And she looked up at him still stroking his cock. “Lovers do that too?”
“Yeees…”
“Jonathan I want us to be lovers. I want to be good lover for you.”
“Just lovers?”
“No Jonathan. I want you to be my man. I want to be your woman. Is that wrong of me?”
“No.”
“Then please let me suck your cock.” And he let her.


CHAPTER THREE


As Jonathon walked down the corridor to find Dr. Bond he now thought he really had something to live for. Though he had no trouble living for the sake of being alive. He liked being alive. Especially now he had a girlfriend. He liked many things about Kookli. One was her sense of naturalness. She was not encumbered by cultural taboos that many in his culture had.
He came to what had to be considered a nurses station though it was on the make-shift side.
“Do you know where Dr. Bond is?” Jonathan asked the young woman at the desk who had no uniform but he assumed she was probably a nurse.
“Yes. Are you Dr. Prezlee?” She smiled when she said his name.
“Yes. Call…”
“He’s in that room over there. The second door to you left.”
He thanked her and went into a small lounge. Dr. Bond was in there conferring with two others. He stopped chatting when Jonathan entered and Dr. Bond waved him over.
“Jonathan I’d like you to meet Dr. Jock MacGregor, he’s radiology. This is Dr. Jean-Paul Fimat, he’s our computer expert. Jonathan shook their hands.
“Wonderful,” Jonathan said. “I need to talk to all three of you. Jean-Paul would it be possible to use an implant to listen to what the slavers were saying?”
Dr. Fimat nodded, “yes. I think so. We had several discussions about that but the problem is we haven’t any intact implants unattached from the people here.”
“Your friend Turk,” Dr. Bond mentioned, “had taken the two out rather, shall we say, crudely?”
“I know where there are two dead slaves which have not been disturbed.” He thought out loud, “maybe some wild animals. It would be worth the risk and I think the risk would be low.”
“What risk are you talking about?”
“The slavers who first landed in the northern part of the island are still in space. We have no idea what they may have done when the colony they started in the cove did not stay in communication. They may have tried a second landing.”
“I see,” said one though all three nodded in contemplation.
“I can send,” Jonathan said, “a team (‘again with the leadership crap!’) with you. I feel we should send a team to check out the cove. We’re going back up to the other mother ship so information may be vital.”
Again all three nodded.
“However, I think it’s pretty important and I can send a team to accompany you.”
Again all three nodded.
“It’s a good idea,” said Dr. Bond. “We’ll meet you at the park.”

<<<  >>>

Jonathan walked up to the puddle jumpers. He had briefly wondered where to house the, or should it be, his men. He quickly saw that would not pose a problem. All three teams had arranged three of the puddle jumpers in a semi circle and were lounging around. They had made it their camp. Jonathan was reminded of one of his favorite movies, ‘Kelly’s Heroes.’
Keoni, Hawk and Sasha waved Jonathan over. They stood at a tent of sorts, more like a large awning. Lanni and her two children and Beth with her baby were underneath it. As Jonathan walked over Big John, Tim and Sam of the C team came over.
“Got some news and things to do. We should get (and Jonathan refused to say assemble) all the teams.” Tim went to get the rest of the Earthland Security Force. Jonathan was told that Tony, Bob and Terry were training the police pilots in the new police puddle jumpers which was off to the side of the clearing from the others.
As the three teams assembled in front of the tent Tony, Bob and Terry with the two pilots and two copilots in tow also wandered over.
“Where’s Turk?” asked Jonathan. He felt terrible the moment the question was out of his mouth. He could guess.
“He, ah, went back to his camp,” Hawk said. That was what Jonathan had guessed.
“Okay. We need to do a few things before we go back up and try to infiltrate the other mother ship. First, I will only accept volun…”
All hands were raised before Jonathan could finish.
Jonathan was choked up a little. “Swell,” he coughed out.
“We need a team to go to Turk’s camp and…extract the two dead slaves. Terry do you think you could find it again?”
Terry nodded.
“I thought maybe C team should go as it hasn’t had the flight time as the rest of us. How’s that sound?” All heads of the C team nodded and a few voiced differing forms of agreement.
“Bob, I think we need to check out the cove. To see if any activity has resumed there. Is there a way to detect the implants from the puddle jumper?”
“We’ve been discussing that. We think one of the screens does exactly that. But we can’t think of how to test it,” Bob said. “All those with implants here are quarantined with the static playing.”
“I think we can test it on the two dead slaves at Turk’s camp. One of the properties of the implants was a locator signal. You think that would be a valid test?”
Bob and Terry looked at each other then nodded.
“We need to wait for some of the medical staff. They’ll take care of the bodies.” Jonathan called over to the police pilots, “you guys want to go up with us?” They nodded enthusiastically.
“What about me?” Tony asked.
“Tony, do you feel up to flying?”
Tony said he did.
“Okay. Terry takes the C team, the medical team and the police pilots. Bob take the A team and Tony take the B team and give us back up. If there aren’t any slavers at the cove we can land and take the supplies meant for them. If the slavers have returned we’ll meet at Busland and make other plans. Once the C team has completed its mission why don’t you meet us at Busland first? If we’re not there then head to the cove.”
CHAPTER FOUR


“Sam,” Jonathan yelled. “Can Terry get a fix on those implants?”
It took a few minutes while Sam looked over his shoulder. He was standing in the open hatch of puddle jumper 2. Jonathan saw Sam raise his head then face him across the few yards separating puddle jumper 1 from 2.
“Yeah, Terry’s got the implants fixed on the screen,” Sam yelled back. “It works,” He had to raise his voice because they were seventy five feet in the air and the breeze was strong.
“We’ll see you guys later. We’re off to the cove.”
Sam nodded and waved then closed the hatch on puddle jumper 2. The alien transport ships had only one hatch and was on the same, the right, side. Therefore, the number 1 had to be backwards to number 2 for the hatches to align. However, the maneuver worked reasonably well. They could communicate in altitude this way again if need arose.
Puddle jumper 2 drifted down to land and pick up the two dead slaves from Turk’s camp while puddle jumper 1 readied to head toward the cove. Puddle jumper 3 had remained high in the sky and would keep number 1 in sight.
The plan was to fly high above the cove and hopefully out of sight. It was early morning of the next day and it was bright. The vog and the ashes had continued to lessen noticeably these last few months and each day brought clearer skies. Overall visibility was improving. They were able to see more stars at night as well.
Jonathan closed the hatch and returned to the cockpit. Bob was looking at the screen as the puddle jumper ascended.
“It’s really amazing how well this crate handles. It moves so effortlessly. We just rose straight up one thousand meters and it felt like a hundred.” He shook his head in admiration for the technology he was experiencing. He turned to Jonathan, “you think it’s electro-magnetism?”
Hawk stuck his head in, “don’t get him started on that.”
Even Jonathan smiled. He didn’t discount Newtonian cosmology. He just didn’t think it explained enough of the phenomena. He really couldn’t understand why someone dead for several hundred years would be acknowledged infallible in understanding reality.
Why would anyone dead or alive be considered to have all the answers to the universe. He often used the depth of regolith on the moon to poke fun at the Newtonians though in a sense it was more a question of gradualism. Though the cosmologists didn’t seem to recognize that.
Two questions always stumped them: ‘why did all the scientists believe there would be eight feet of regolith on the moon? And why did they only find one eighth to one quarter of an inch of the lunar dust?’ He would then segue into how this incorrect speculation could prove the lunar landing had indeed occurred.
‘Because,’ he would begin, ‘the NASA scientists speculated after confirming Isaac Asimov’s calculations that the regolith would be eight feet thick. Remember the lunar landing module with those long slender legs? Remember the astronaut walking down the ladder to the lunar surface? The legs were long and skinny so they could penetrate eight feet of regolith and descend easily to the surface. If the lunar landing had been staged on the back lot then there would have been eight feet of lunar dust shown as they had expected to find.’
This was always a tension deflator to some extent. These Newtonians were worse than the gradualists in equating dissent as the vilest heresy and Jonathan had tired of their vitriol. But of course the questions still remained; why had the scientists in the late sixties been so incorrect with their ironclad speculation when their mathematical calculations had been so correct.
The answer, of course, was extremely obvious. Since it was not the answer they wanted to hear so they didn’t hear it. The answer of course was since the mathematics was 100% correct then the problem with less than a half inch of regolith had to be in the foundation the mathematics had relied upon.
Certainly, this was not the answer of why there was “negligible” lunar dust but it was a starting point for people with integrity and those who accepted scientific ethics.
Why were the scientists of today still unable to explain the phenomena of the “negligible” amount of regolith first discovered in 1969?
However, Jonathan knew this wasn’t a time to bring it up for discussion.
It took them only minutes to arrive above the cove. They had all four seats in the cockpit filled so more eyes with the exception of Bob’s could be on the lookout for the enemy. They all thought of the Peeds as the enemy.
Three sets of eyes might not miss an enemy puddle jumper arriving or taking off. Bob looked at the screens on the instrument panel in front of him.
“No locator flashes. I don’t think there’s anyone home.” Bob looked at Jonathan.
“Give puddle jumper 3 the signal we’re going in.” The signal was rotating three times as they hovered. They descended to the cove clearing.
Upon landing the side hatch was thrown open and the A team covered the ground, the tent and barracks in front of them with their ray guns. After a few minutes when nothing happened they rushed to the barracks in a semi-military manner. They all had watched TV shows about war, combat and SWAT teams.
No one was in the barracks. A collective sigh of relief as no enemy appeared. However, Jonathan would not let them relax until it was one hundred percent certain no slaver or slave was about. The slavers didn’t seem to be imbued with artifice but he could be wrong. No sense in underestimating them.
Once they had scrutinized the tent, inside and out, they set up a perimeter and awaited puddle jumper 3. Tony landed near puddle jumper 1 and B team exited to join the A team.
They did a reconnaissance of the entire cove and the ridges along the hills to the north where Jonathan force had first seen the slavers. All the ridges were scrutinized. No one. It was eerie in that it seemed unnatural for the area not to have been revisited by any slavers from their mother ship.
Everything was how they had left it. No new tracks from puddle jumpers recently landing. The screen in the tent and the computer setup was still undisturbed and they dismantled that first since it could be the most important item. They may learn a lot from it assuming they figured out how to operate it.
By the time they had taken all usable material from the barracks, thin pallets, tools, seeds and a lot of crated food for the slaves, puddle jumper 2 had arrived. They dismantled the tent after taking out the items.
Sam told Jonathan and the others the bodies had started to decompose and some animals had nibbled at toes and such but the medicos had placed them in body bags and hauled them into the puddle jumper on stretchers. The smell wasn’t a lot of fun and Terry flew as fast as he could to get them back to North Vancouver. Terry didn’t bother to land at the park but got as close as he could to the facilities. 
Preparations for the missions of the puddle jumpers had lingered and it grew late leaving too little daylight for any more training or maneuvers. They all needed sleep and Jonathan at least needed a shave. He’d see Kookli later that night and wasn’t too upset to share her company with Keoni, Lanni, Hawk and Beth.


<<<  >>>

Jonathan had mixed emotions in utilizing the tent instead of the willy-nilly manner of how the Earthland Security Force camp had begun to look. There was a certain amount of joie de vivre, individualism and democratic spirit exhibited in the randomness of the camp appearance. However, better organization meant better reaction time to assemble and potentially better planning yet he secretly hoped some of the eccentricity would remain.
The slaver’s tent bedroom was used as a day care center. The main room was used for meetings and planning sessions and the small storage room off the foyer was used for, well, storage. They parked puddle jumper 5 next to it and cut the silk-like material to form a passageway to the side hatch. It was a fairly secure way to house their weapons.
Puddle Jumper 4 was for those with families. However, Hawk and Keoni and their families preferred to stay under the awning which suited Jonathan’s sense of individualism. Jonathan had been staying in Kookli’s hospital room at night.
The next few days were difficult for Jonathan as he and the others had to wait for the computer techs to tell them whether they would be able to use the implants to their advantage or not. They took turns flying to different locales and created a firing range to gain expertise in ray gun blasting.
The ray guns had two firing methods. A short burst like a pulse. This was effective for accuracy with short elapse of time to return fire. The other was a long steady beam. The beam would last ten seconds if fired with just one trigger pull and continuous depression of the trigger.
This had an advantage of being able to eventually pierce any obstruction but it had a shorter range and worse it was difficult to move quickly in another direction as it would turn itself off. It would then take a few moments before it was ready to discharge again. You could only move the beam slightly a little at a time and could not just jump to another target.
They eventually had time to return to the cove clearing and take down the barracks so they could build a kitchen and a lounge with the material.
After ten days of rest and observation Kookli was allowed as were the other English speaking former slaves who had the chips taken from their implants to leave the medical center.
Kookli proved to be good company and very curious. One thing Jonathan found out was the need to be clear and concise when answering her questions. Often much ancillary data had to be brought up but he thought out the answers to speak with clarity not pedantry. The others noticed greater simplicity and less verbosity and ribbed Jonathan.
Kookli was especially interested in the democracy which Jonathan had grown up in. She wanted to understand how the earth humans created the governments which made their lives better. Jonathan had to inform her not all governments and not all democracies made life better for the average citizen.
“Jonathan,” Kookli asked, “do all earth people hate slavery?”
“Hmm, generally I’d say yes.”
“Is slavery abolished on earth?”
“Yes, at least the formal kind.”
“What do you mean?”
“Most countries at one time or another had legalized slavery. Certain Arab countries had slavery until a few generations ago. It’s outlawed everywhere I think. But now slavery has developed in two other ways. In the non-democratic countries the government can pretty much do what they want and though there is no legal slavery it’s pretty much the same thing.
“Do not all earth countries have democracies?”
“No.”
“Why do not the people of the country that is not democratic demand democracy?”
“Because they would be jailed and tortured and probably killed.”
Kookli thought for a few minutes digesting that. “So, only non-democracies still have a form of slavery?”
“No. In democracies there is economic slavery. And that is practiced all over the world in some degree.”
“Did not the citizens vote for the type of representatives they want? Is not a democracy established to protect the citizens?  So why do they allow this form of slavery?”
“Citizens, at least the United States, can only vote for people from two parties and these people get most of their money from big business. It is tradition in my country that whoever gives the most money to a politician enjoy biggest rewards once that politician is elected. So big business actually controls who the representatives in government are and what policies these politicians support.”
“Why do the citizens allow this?”
Jonathan had to think hard in answering questions that on the surface seemed straightforward and in a sense juvenal. Why would people indeed…
Why would people reelect a man who had lied to the American people to get the country in a war which cost five hundred billion dollars a year? Why would people reelect an actor who created a trillion dollar deficit for an excuse to get rid of the protections, social services, and to decimate the middle class, working class and unions? He had no easy answer for this and other incongruities which allowed his government to shed regulations and diminish the prerogative of protection for the citizens.
Jonathan had found it even more difficult to be a teacher to the English speaking slaves who had also been discharged from the medical facility. They had so little experiential knowledge to begin with. However, Kookli took over as the main conduit to Jonathan and the earthborn humans.
These new recruits still had the bandages but the healing was sufficiently advanced so they could have a normal daily routine.
The problem was only Kookli had any experience in not being a slave and normal daily routine did not exist for the ex-slaves for they never had experienced what earthborn humans thought of as normal.
The Earthland Security Force recruited these former slaves. Actually, the earthborn guerrillas really had no other choice. These former slaves were hell bent on having revenge on their former masters. Kookli became a de facto intermediary.
Learning to read English classes were established. They had learned oral English and Spanish from subliminal taping as they lay in their pods. Consequently they could speak well as they had a vocabulary and basic knowledge of usage but they were not literate.
These former slaves were just as equally eager to become part of the larger earth culture. They were encouraged to ask questions. This did two things.
Those earthborn recipients of the questions had to be very specific in their answers so generalities and ideologies were ignored for clarity and accuracy. This helped the earthborn as well as streamlining what was important.
There had been extra clothes found in the barracks so they were still attired as slaves with one major exception. On the front and back of their shirts they had painted a large X. X as in ex-slave.
Whoever went up into the mother ship would have to look like slaves on cursory inspection but would also have to be distinguishable from the real slaves. It had not been decided how many would go up though all hoped it would be the entire force. That would mean over sixty.
On the one hand the inactivity gave Jonathan and Kookli more time together and they made the most of it. Their relationship quickly accelerated with greater emotional bonding. Plus, Jonathan’s sex life blossomed with joy and regularity and his friends found him better company.
On the other hand, the lull was frustrating. They had no idea what damage the slavers would be doing with the time afforded them. They could only guess where the slavers had decided to have their colony set up, or colonies which seemed likely as the mother ship contained up to five thousand slaves.
Yet the time also allowed the Earthland Security Force to acquaint themselves with the design of the mother ship and Sasha was particularly adept in assisting in this. With Turk’s absence Sasha was allowed to become part of the A team. To break up the other teams which had worked together and gotten to know one another seemed counterproductive so Sasha was assimilated into the A team. The others on the team had developed confidence in Sasha and they felt he had proven himself.
One of the reasons for flying over an extended area was to see if they could find any other slaver outposts and colonies. To date they had not.
Dr. Fimat would come to the encampment from time to time to report on the progress with the implants. After more than a week they had isolated the radio component and felt it would be soon to listen in on conversations between slavers. They had not yet been able to switch off the location beacon but hoped it would be resolved before long. Jonathan impressed upon Jean-Paul that it was vital and they needed to ‘go up,’ as they called flying into space, to the mother ship without delay.
Without the one mother ship in orbit to jam earth’s communications systems they were optimistic in redeveloping a communication network. At least for their military needs. There were walkie talkies but getting batteries for them was a problem. However, they had two which worked and now, they hoped, they could have two separate teams in the mother ship and be able to talk to each other.
They just awaited the go signal.


CHAPTER FIVE


Dr. Fimat and two others could be seen walking down to Mosquito Creek Park. They were carrying something and it generated excitement in the Earthland encampment. Nothing was actually said but the members of the security force began to gather their weapons and head to the meeting room in the tent.
It had been just over two weeks since Jean-Paul’s computer team began working on the implants. Another benefit was in that time the five ex-slave pilots had recovered sufficiently to join the Earthland force. It was thought they at least would be able to fly five transport ships back to earth and hopefully be filled with soon-to-be ex-slaves.
Dr. Fimat approached the tent as Jonathan, Keoni and Hawk awaited them at the tent’s entrance.
“Sam and Navin, go ahead and set it up,” Jean-Paul said to the two who had accompanied him to the tent. Dr. Fimat shook hands with the three as his two assistants brought what they were carrying into the tent. He was beaming.
 “I’ve got good news for you.” Keoni and Hawk looked at each other and smiled. This could be it.
Jonathan was more subdued but he was anxious to “go up.” He feared the longer the wait the more the Peeds would get entrenched and established on Earth. That would not be a good thing.
The four entered the tent and into the main chamber. The complete Earthland Security Force was there sitting the few mismatched chairs or on a few table tops. Some stood around the perimeter of the room.
“Okay everyone,” Jonathan said to the room. “This here is Dr. Fimat. This is Sam and this is Navin. They have been working on the implants to see if we can listen in and to eliminate the locator beacon. He says he has good news so without further ado…”
“Thank you Dr. Prezlee. Yes. We have some good news and no bad news. We think we have broken the circuit of the beacon. The locator beacon circuitry is very sophisticated and incredibly small. However, we think by bombarding it with, well easier to say a form of radiation, actually gamma rays, it broke the signal. We’ll know better when we can test it with one of the transpor…”
“PUDDLE JUMPERS,” several present yelled out. Many laughed.
“Ah, yes. The TV show. So, with one of your puddle jumpers we can test that. The other good news is we have made a connection into the frequency used in the implants to an amplifier which is connected to speakers. Listen to this.” Dr. Fimat hit a switch and light noise came from the speakers.
“However, we can only listen in to whoever uses this frequency. Each implant has many frequencies. We think the frequency for death is much different from the one used by a boss slaver at a colony in controlling his slaves. The slaver can manipulate the frequency to speak to one or several slaves or all of them. It does not appear that the communications room in a mother ship would necessarily be able to find a particular frequency to use for all the slaves at a site though they would have the technology to do so.”
Dr. Fimat paused and looked at the speakers, “it appears each boss slaver has their own frequency. The communications room can speak to him directly but it would take the communications techs awhile to find the frequency to speak to all his slaves.”
Only a light noise came from the speakers. “We have not been able to find the other frequencies though we are working on it. The technology is remarkable. I have no idea how they figured it out. The original aliens must have been so far advanced that even the little these Peeds learned allowed them to establish this communication system. It’s more advanced than the flight systems I think.”
“So professah....” Keoni started to say.
“Barthsha. This is the commander.”
“Go ahead.”
“We are going to increase your colony. I am sending down Talcsha with more slaves. I want to clear out the earth humans in the hills west of you.”
“I do not think I need Talcsha. Those humans are few and do not pose much of a threat. I can move on them in a couple of days. They will make good slaves for us. We will need them for the humans in the north. They are more substantial and dug in very well. Send him in a couple of days when I can use him.”
“Do not worry Barthsha. You will still be in charge and eventually Talcsha will move over those hills and claim the land to the far east of you.”
“Are you sure that land can be habitable? There were nuclear reactors there.”
“I now believe we can decontaminate the area. We need to expand quickly. Some of the other Peeds have expanded to control very large areas. The numbers of slaves in Perkdel’s command is staggering.”
“But they didn’t have to deal with radiation from nuclear reactors and such.”
“That does not matter. When we divided the planet into our respective spheres we had no idea about the reactors and bombs. We are stuck with the original plans. And we are still way ahead of those in what is called eastern Asia. They will have to deal with contamination from extremely radioactive sites.”
“Barthsha you will take Talcsha and his slaves. Put them in the first wave. There are many humans we can make into slaves. We must move ahead on our timetable. Is that understood?”
“Yes. It will be done.”
The speakers deadened to the light noise once again. No conversation was heard. In fact, you could have heard a pin drop in the main chamber and it was carpeted. Silence reigned as all present digested what they heard. No more laughter.
Jonathan wondered if he would ever laugh again. Jonathan looked at Dr. Fimat. The computer wiz had a look of sheer horror in his face. And well he should, thought Jonathan. Few of the survivors had really taken seriously the threat to earth’s humankind. Stark reality impinged on their consciousness now. They had no time to waste.
“Motherfuckingsonavabitch!” Hawk finally broke the silence. Then everyone was talking or yelling or trying to speak to their neighbor. A few like Jonathan remained still. He had no desire to quiet everyone down as a military commander might.
Instead he thought it was better to allow those who needed to vent to let it out. There would be no distractions now. They would be more cohesive and more determined.
When the noise was reduced to a dull roar Jonathan stood up and placed himself in the front. Finally the room quieted.
“I guess I don’t have to mention that the one mother ship we we’re going after has now turned into several. Maybe quite a few. As long as these slavers don’t know what we’re capable of and do not speak to one another often we have a chance to take them out.”
Jonathan paused, “I think our initial plan is sound but we should discuss it. If we take over one of these mother ships will the other slaver commanders know about it? And do we want them to know about us?”
“We leave tomorrow morning. I want all those who have been in our planning sessions to remain in this chamber. Everyone else, I want you to relax and get mentally prepared for tomorrow. Think on what you’ll be doing and go over it in your minds. I want everyone to get a very good night’s sleep. We may need it. We may be up there for a little while. So everyone get rested. And be confident we will eliminate this threat to us, to all humans.”
Keoni and Hawk jumped up shouting. All members of the Earthland security force was on their feet yelling. Jonathan felt a tingle start from the nape of his neck and move down his spine to his lower back. He had many great memories of success in athletic events but nothing compared the way he felt at that moment.


CHAPTER SIX


Puddle Jumpers 1, 2 and 3 lifted up. They would rise to an altitude of ten thousand feet. From there they would tilt the nose up and climb until they were in outer space.
In addition to teams A, B, and C forty of the English speaking ex-slaves were there as well as the five Romanian pilots. They had only been out of surgery for eight days but they felt they were ready to fly the transport ships out of the first mother ship which was penetrated.
They had no idea which mother ship they would be infiltrating. It did not matter at this point. They had a plan with the experience from their first attack on a mother ship. With continuing luck and the skill they had developed they all felt confident the plan would work.
Jonathan had been thinking about the plan as the puddle jumpers rose into the atmosphere. All of a sudden they were in outer space and suddenly a mother ship was in sight.
Sam and Navin had been at the speakers the whole night but nothing new was learned. Seems the commanders did little commanding, trusting to the Peed underlings.
They had tested the locator beacon and it was not broadcasting. Jonathan hoped the communications center wouldn’t notice the beacon was off and there was a very good chance of that. Considering the fifteen puddle jumpers they encountered on the first mother ship it was assumed that the mother ship commander had many colonies being developed.
Bob Ferguson kept puddle jumper 1 headed for the nose of the mother ship. Once they were near it he would swing around toward the mid-ship and check if the other puddle jumpers were in place. They would try the walkie talkies just to see if they would work.
As they neared the mother ship which took a long time considering how soon they had spotted it Bob lined up along side amid-ship. Puddle Jumper 2 and then 3 took their places. Bob went in the van and led them to the docking bay. They tried the walkie talkies and they could communicate when in close proximity. They ended the successful link up with admonishment to remain in radio silence as a precaution.
They entered the docking bay and found a berth about halfway down the flight. Puddle Jumpers 2 and 3 docked farther from the entrance to the mother ship but side by side. It was considered an advantage to be able to deploy teams in protecting the pilots.
Five former slaves were left behind to protect Bob, Terry and Tony and the five ex-slave pilots.
Only nine transport ships were docked. No slaver or slave was in the docking bay. They checked each transport ship. From the ramps of puddle jumper 2 and 3 they brought out hand trucks loaded with bags of sand. Ten hand trunks carrying fifteen bags. It took three men to push and pull these heavy hand trunks.
C team broke off on the third deck with the 7th Xers; the ex-slaves had been assigned to eight five man teams – 1st through the 8th Xers. It was here the arsenal of ray guns was kept. C team and the 7th were to secure the arsenal so no slaver or slave could arm themselves.
A and B teams ran shotgun for the thirty ex-slaves pushing and pulling the hand trunks. They had an uneventful trip up the elevator to the deck the communications center was on. They placed the hand trunks in the hall alongside the wall and waited as if they were still enslaved. With one exception. One ray gun was hooked to their belt but another was hidden behind their backs for easy and quick access.
A and B team got into position. One of the ex-slaves pulled the door to the lounge open and both teams went in side by side. The first two in would cover the center; team A on the right would cover that part of the lounge. B team on the left would cover the other section. They went through quickly but not hurriedly. Once all the team members were in the lounge they opened fire and blasted the seven slavers who were in the room. It didn’t even take thirty seconds.
The ex-slave holding the door motioned for the hand trucks to be brought into the lounge. Both teams repeated the performance with the com room with the exception that Jonathan went directly to the commander’s room. The communications room was not as heavily manned as on the first mother ship and it hardly took more than a half minute for all those in the communications center to lie dead. Jonathan killed the commander as he was in the act of drinking. The commander knew what hit him but Jonathan couldn’t decide what the look on his face suggested or what his last thought might have been. Confusion certainly. Disbelief he would think and maybe hostility but not anger.
1st and 2nd Xers went out the commander’s bedroom door and back down the other lift to back up C team and the 7th. The other ex-slaves began stacking the sand bags at the lounge door. It didn’t take them too long to completely cover the door three bags thick and eight feet high.
Sasha went to work. His first chore was to figure out how to shut down the communications center so the slaves in the ship couldn’t be activated against them. They used the walkie talkies now and Jonathan talked to Tim of the C team.
Tim told Jonathan that the slaves had started to move toward them then halted abruptly. The break in the communications had worked. Jonathan told Tim to tell the 1st and 2nd to start rounding up the slaves for transport off the mother ship. As the lift could only hold twenty five two full lifts would equal one full puddle jumper. Tim was asked to try and find out what languages these slaves spoke.
Jonathan had considered adding ‘and kill any slaver on sight’ but he thought that was probably unnecessary. He wondered if the slavers could not communicate with the other mother ships would it be not wise to take one or two for questioning.
Jonathan was informed voices could be heard on the other side of the barricaded lounge door. The voices were indistinct and the language remained unknown.
Tim talked to Jonathan on the walkie talkie and Tim told him there must have been a second cache of weapons as they were coming under fire. Jonathan told him to hold on and he’d send the B team with the 3rd and 4th to assist. Jonathan had Sam round up the three teams and went out the back door which was being guarded by the 5th squad. The A team were in the lounge under cover with the 6th Xers should their barricade be breached.
Jonathan and Sasha had the com room to themselves and worked to learn how to pilot the ship. The relief by the B team with the 3rd and 4th squads hit the grouped slavers from the rear. The slavers found themselves under fire from three directions; the known arsenal, the lift and their rear. After a number of slavers were killed a white flag went up.
Tim ordered all the Earthland security to cease fire and called out to the slavers. Who responded in English!
Tim called Jonathan on the walkie talkie and reprised him of what had occurred. They found few stasis pods occupied which meant most of the slavers from this mother ship were already on earth. The slavers were ordered to surrender which after some heated debate among them surrendered with the condition they would not be killed. This was granted.
Jonathan told Tim to place them all in stasis pods and guard them. Do a head count and the number of pods left unoccupied. Tim and C team went about this with the 7th continuing to guard the arsenal. The 1st and 2nd assisted the disconnected slaves to the docking bay for transport off the mother ship.
Jonathan fleetingly considered asking the slavers to help in learning about the mother ship but nixed the idea immediately. Slavers were not to be trusted. Jonathan assumed there were slavers unaccounted for and probably in hiding so he told the Earthland force to remain vigilant. Terry and Bob came up from the docking bay to look over the controls with Sasha.
The second arsenal was found and the ray guns taken out and put in one of the puddle jumpers for transport to earth. Within two hours six puddle jumpers, number 3 and five new transports, had left the mother ship with the disconnected and now ex-slaves. The docking bay was guarded by the, 1st, 2nd and 7th squads. The slaver’s pods were guarded by the 3rd and 4th squads and the enslaved still in the pods were guarded by the 5th squad.
A, B and C teams were in the com room and lounge. They had found out there were two hundred pods for the slavers and ten thousand slave pods. They counted only fifteen slavers in their pods. With twenty dead slavers which included the commander and only five hundred slave pods were occupied the amount of this mother ship’s assault on Earth was extraordinary. 
They had shipped out three hundred slaves on the puddle jumpers and several had died in the com room. That left over nine thousand slaves and over one hundred fifty slavers roaming around some English speaking area on earth.
They also found out that the slavers and slaves spoke French and Spanish in addition to English. These were not the slavers of which Kookli’s father belonged to.


CHAPTER SEVEN


“Bob, you and Terry think you could figure out how the pilot this thing?” asked Jonathan.
Bob and Terry had been working in the commander’s room. It was the center for navigation and flight. Sasha remained with the communications and was working on how to talk to the other ships. they didn’t know the original language of the slavers and it was doubtful if more than one other had learned English but if they wanted to communicate the opportunity might yield insight into their enemy.
“Yep. I think we will have it down pretty soon,” Bob said. “It’s laziness not necessity that’s the mother of invention.”
“Huh?”
“Well, these slavers are so lazy they designed their equipment to be easy to use. The puddle jumpers hardly have more than a few necessary controls. A small airplane has more controls,” continued Bob.
“It’s not too different than a helicopter,” added Terry.
“The one oddity is why bother to have the puddle jumpers with space flight capability also when they must had intended to land the mother ships,” Bob said. “However, I don’t think it ever occurred to them to manufacture the puddle jumpers without space flight. They use the same propulsion as the mother ship so they went ahead in a linear but concrete fashion.”
Jonathan nodded. He understood about the laziness factor. Lazy people want to waste as little time and effort as possible so they seek ways to make things easier. He knew the propulsion used for space flight by earthmen was vastly different than that used by the Peeds. And earth had different fuels for planetary travel and for space travel. He assumed the difference for the earth built space vehicles versus those built by the Peeds was more than different types of fuels. He guessed that electromagnetism was involved.
He became interested in electromagnetism in a round about way when he learned that no vehicle that went into outer space from earth stayed on the intended flight path. The flight plan always included the prearranged destination locked into the computers. The flight path computed by the scientists was always wrong. If it wasn’t for self-correcting computers no space ship or probe from earth would ever get near the target. Jonathan suspected the reason was these scientists did not allow for electromagnetism; only for gravity.
“So, when do you think you’ll be able to take control and bring us down?”
“We’re pretty close to taking it for a spin,” Bob said. “Once we feel comfortable that we have mastered the controls we’ll be ready to bring this bird to North Vancouver.”
McNeill looked wistful, “won’t that be a sight.”
He added, “we don’t know yet how to employ the landing gear. Since we’re pretty sure they intended to use the puddle jumpers after landing the mother ship there must be an allowable margin for the PJ’s to exit the ship. That means there must be some type of struts for the ship to settle down on.”
Terry looked at Jonathan, “don’t worry Jonathan. We’ll figure it out and let you know.”
Jonathan left the commander’s room and wandered into the com room. Sasha was so focused Jonathon had to tap him on the shoulder before he became aware of him.
“How’s it going Sasha?”
“Goodt. I haff wound a way to wake up slaves from dis center.”
“Wonderful. Keep at it.” Jonathan felt like a fool for saying it. He wandered into the lounge where the rest of the A team was.
Keoni and Hawk looked up as Jonathan walked in. “How’s it brah?”
“Oh, good I guess. Not much to do though. I wish I could talk to some space engineers?”
“Why’s dat brah?”
“I’d like to have some weapons to attack the other mother ships. I wonder if we could program a puddle jumper…”
“We call dem PJ’s now.”
“Right. Well, there are no offensive weapons on the mother ship or the PJ’s. If we could rig something up the other mother ships would be vulnerable. We’d be able to kick their ass before they could do anything about it.”
“That’s good thinking Jonathon. Come up with anything yet?” asked Hawk.
“No. Nothing that seems feasible. One problem is what would we use for a weapon. I suppose we could locate an army base and find some weapons though I’m not sure how feasible that would be either.” Jonathan sighed and found a seat.
“I just know we don’t have much time to eliminate the slavers before they go underground and into hiding. The way the world is now it would take years to ferret them out. And that’s assuming we’d have help.”
“At least we can find the implants. That should give us an advantage,” said Hawk.
Jonathan nodded. Something was nagging at the corner of his mind but he couldn’t think…
“There be must have a science lab and all, right?”
Both Keoni and Hawk shrugged. 
“Jonathan,” Sasha called out. “I tink I figured how to listen to earth.” 
Jonathan went over the console Sasha was working on. Sasha pointed to a screen.
“That’s earth right?”
“Da. And we above northern hemesphwere. Listen.”
Sasha turned on the switch. A jumble of noise came out. Sasha had it turned down but Jonathan realized it wasn’t noise. It was many people talking. Though how would that do us any good Jonathon didn’t know.
“I am work to making listen to one woice. You go away now.”
Jonathan walked back into the lounge. He was confident the intricacies of the control room and the fight controls would be learned. Sasha and maybe other techs will be able to narrow down what they want to listen to. What a gold mine!
“Jonathan, Tim here. Do you copy?”
Jonathan picked up the walkie talkie, “Jonathan here. What’s up Tim?”
“A PJ came in with three slavers. We killed two but the third is our prisoner. What do you want us to do with him?”
Jonathan was close to saying ‘just kill him.’ He couldn’t. Though he was tired and obviously his mind was not at full capacity he couldn’t change his character. He briefly wondered how the slaver would respond to pain then chided himself. He wasn’t a George Bush, a Cheney, a Hitler. Torture was out of the question.
“How ‘bout you place him in a pod. A slave pod. Be interesting to see what would happen if anything.”
“Okay. Over and out.”
Jonathan wondered what the differences were between the pods. They were physically different. Maybe they would have other dissimilarities. Maybe something they could take an advantage of.
Jonathan assumed with the communications out the slavers on earth must have wondered what was up. Maybe a few more would ‘go up’ to take a look. 
Come to me you bastards. Come to me.


CHAPTER EIGHT


Jonathan was thinking of Kookli as he ate some of the commander’s food. He had no idea what it was but it was pretty tasty. Whatever the commander had been drinking was gone but it made him wonder if the drink was what Kookli intimated was the fountain of youth. Jonathan found it a little hard to believe but then again who would believe aliens would destroy the cultures and civilizations of his Earth.
Who would believe he would end up with a girlfriend who was an alien?
It had been a pretty uneventful ten days. The slaves and the slavers remained in their pods. The Earthland security force had blocked up the slavers pod dormitories with the sand bags and only a very modest teams was needed to guard them.
They didn’t worry too much about the slaves though. Jonathan thought it would have been nice to start extracting the chips in the implants so they could start socializing the former slaves.
They had wandered around the ship and though large was not difficult to navigate from one side to the other or from one floor, deck, Jonathan reminded himself, to another. They found the medical and science labs but were not knowledgeable enough to utilize them. They found the food storage and the plant rooms and did what they could to keep the plants alive. They might have need or use for them. Some had flowers with colors that didn’t exist on earth. At least in this period of earth’s history.
They even found some of the programs from English speaking countries and patched a few of the favorites into the slave pod. The ones they didn’t like they sent to the slavers unconsciousness. They found the ones Kookli must have watched to gain sexual knowledge.
Some programs were very popular and the security force viewed them. One of the most popular was the BBC mystery series ‘Lovejoy.’ Jonathan was the only one to have read the books and though he preferred the books enjoyed the show immensely. None of the survivors had seen any visual entertainment for two years.
‘Walker, Texas Ranger’ on the other hand was given to the Peeds. Outside of a few of the shows they shunned the medium of TV and movies. They had more pressing things on their minds and even though they were somewhat stuck on the alien mother ship they preferred to chat, learn and discuss what the next move should be and what the other slavers might do as a reaction. Then finally…
“Jonathan. Hey Jonathan.” Jonathan came out of the lounge with Keoni and Hawk and went into the com room. Bob was there with Terry and Sasha.
“Bob what’s up?” asked Jonathan.
“We have good news. We are ready to take this bird and set her down on terra firma.”
The three newcomers clapped and shook everybody’s hands, probably several times.
“Sasha has good news as well. Go ahead Sasha.”
“I can talk to all dem PJ’s. And I can talk to those on earth.” He smiled widely and was rewarded with slaps on the back. His English had improved though now he had a slight British accent with English idioms.
He had been one of the few who did not mind being in the stasis pod so during the diurnal periods he had English shows piped in as he slept. It really seemed to work. “It will rewolutionize language classes,” he would tell everyone.
“Well what are we waiting for? Let’s crank it up,” Hawk said bursting at the seams. He desperately wanted to talk to Beth. Sasha didn’t know the slang but understood the intent. He flipped a couple of switches and turned a dial. He watched the screen and continued to push buttons.
“Ah, dat is da one. I’m not sure which of the PJ’s down dare it is but it is one of dem.”
“Jonathan,” said Bob. “Why don’t you do the honors. Jonathan briefly thought of Watson but, “hello. Can anyone hear me? This is Jonathan on the mother ship in outer space. Can anyone hear me?”
Nothing. “Hmm. Okay. Hello again. We will broadcast…”
And static erupted from there end. “Ah, Dey do not know what to do. I will tell dem.”
After a few agonizing minutes, “hello Jonathan. Is Hawk there? This is Beth.”
Hawk got closer to the mouthpiece, “Hi honey. I’ve missed you. We’re coming home soon.”
The one nice thing about the Peeds communications it was two way and could go multi ways if need be. No over and out.
The communication from the mother ship went directly into puddle jumper 3. One other thing Sasha had found out was how to use the ship wide intercom and so all those on the lettered teams could come to the com room and talk with someone down on earth.
This was a lot of fun and Jonathan was loathe to end it but they also had to talk about what their plans were and the sooner they did then the sooner they could take the mother ship out of orbit and land her at North Vancouver.

<<<  >>>

Jonathan felt a little bad having Tony in a puddle jumper and not at the helm of the mother ship. At least as a matter of seniority. However Tony had not been up in the commander’s room as Bob and Terry had and Jonathan definitely needed all the pilots he could get.
After communicating with the North Vancouver base camp Tony flew up in puddle jumper 3. Sasha was in complete communication with Schollander and Tony was able to find the correct mother ship fly into and dock. He brought with him the five former slave pilots, the two police pilots with their copilots and twenty of the former slaves who had their chips removed from the implants to swell the numbered teams to 12. A surgical team also came up.
Captain Schollander told informed everyone he spotted two other alien ships in orbit on the way to rendezvous with the pirated mother ship.
“Everyone ready?” Jonathan asked.
 Everyone with the exception of Bob Ferguson was in the docking bay. They would board two of the puddle jumpers and seek out the nearest mother ship. They now were able to have a fix on the orbit of several of those not on the other side of the planet. They still weren’t exactly certain how many mother ships were in orbit but if the known spacing held true than there would be seven of them.
Bob was to wait until the two puddle jumpers were in the docking bay of the third mother ship before descending to earth. They figured once the mother ship commanders saw the pirated mother ship break orbit with the obvious intention to land on Earth they would probably do the same thing.
This had to be a fast operation. They would try to take complete control of the mother ship and see if they could get off as many of the slaves as possible. There seemed to be some slaves in the alien ships who had been taught to fly the puddle jumpers and if they could find those pilots then they could save even more of the slaves.
The hope was if they timed it right then Terry could program the mother ship to collide with the next. They really didn’t worry too much about the Peeds. They had seen first hand what they were capable of and Jonathan could find no pity in his heart for them. 
“Okay. Everyone to their assigned PJ’s.” All the alphabet teams with the Xer teams but two boarded the two puddle jumpers. the 11thXer was left to guard the science labs and the technicians working in there and the 12th Xer was left in the control room to guard Bob. It was a tight fit but they wanted to keep as many of the transport ships as possible. Once the puddle jumpers were completely boarded Tony and Terry headed out the docking bay after talking to Bob.
Bob was in communication with the police puddle jumper back on earth and a police escort would be waiting for the mother ship once it landed.

<<<  >>>

“Well, there it is. Sasha are you sure that a mother ship cannot listen in on another?”
Sasha nodded, “Yes. It makes complede sense. Dese Peeds are wery paranoid of each other.” Jonathan thought this had a down side for the future but a good thing for this mission.
McNeill was piloting puddle jumper 1 and led the way into this mother ship’s docking bay with Tony following.
Docking was not difficult as fewer transport ships were there. They counted only seven. That might mean most of the Peeds and the slaves were on earth.
They assumed nothing.

<<<  >>>

“Sonovabitch,” McNeill exclaimed.
“What’s that Terry?” Jonathan asked.
Terry, Sasha and the rest of the A team were in the com and commander’s room. It hardly took them much more than a half hour before they secured the mother ship. They had only to kill twelve Peeds and two slaves. And the commander.
This mother ship was Spanish and Portuguese speaking so they understood it was earmarked for South America. Most of the five thousand slaves had already been relocated somewhere on that continent.
They found ten slavers and around five hundred slaves still in pods. Sasha and Terry disrupted the communications and the slaves were no longer connected or controlled.
Once they had control of the other ship the next phase in their plans would be put into motion: to get as many slaves off as they could, infiltrate and take over another mother ship.
“We’ve got a problem.”
Jonathan turned to the console Sasha and Terry were working at. “Yes.”
“Tell me if I’m wrong Sasha,” Terry said, “but I think the next mother ship is breaking orbit.”
“Da, you are correct.”
“Damn, there goes our chance to take over any others. At least in space,” said Jonathan. “Can we track them from here and see where they go?”
Sasha and Terry nodded.
“Well, we can’t do too much now so let’s go into plan B.
“We have a plan B?” asked Hawk. He turned to Keoni, “Why wasn’t I told? Since when did we have plan B?”
“Since now.”
“Oh. Is it a good plan?”
“Umm, not too bad under the circumstances. We now can get all the slaves down and even remove the chips from here. We’ll need the pilots and get them healthy and on our side.
The A team looked at each other.
The B team was entering the lounge, “what’s up?” asked Big John.
“We’re moving on to plan B,” said Hawk. “It’s supposed to be good. Though I’m not too convinced so far.”
“I guess that means that plan A is no longer applicable?” asked Tim.
Heads nodded.
“Do you think they’ve figured out there are earthmen who are fighting them?” Big John asked.
“I think we should assume that,” Jonathan replied. “And if not, they soon will know about us.”
“So, Plan B?” asked Tim.
“Yes, Plan B.”


PART V
CHAPTER ONE


The next ten days had been more hectic than before. There was much to do and much to organize. The Earthland security command center was now the mother ship flown to North Vancouver but much of the most important work was done in the mother ship still in orbit.
The lounge looked like one of the old WWII command centers. It had tall maps of the world and placements and pins where the other four mother ships had landed.
They had found in Vancouver translators for Portuguese to Spanish and Spanish to English. Other teams translated Romanian to French and French to English. However, they had no way as yet to translate the Chinese languages but they had been assured that Chinese speakers would be found. They assumed both Mandarin and Cantonese were being used by the Peeds.
Jonathan was pretty sure he also heard Korean but wasn’t sure it was part of the mother ship colonizing China or not. Another language they thought was Swahili but again they had no one to translate that. So they concentrated on the mother ship in South America and the slavers in Europe.
It was amazing the quality of reproduction of the conversations the communications systems on the mother ship could listen in on.
On the ground several of the puddle jumpers were being fitted with rockets they took from Ft. Lewis Army Base in the state of Washington. This would eliminate the PJs from being able to reach outer space but they needed to have an attack force if they went against the mother ships now on the planet’s surface. 
It was hoped the attack PJs could knock out the communications room of the stationary mother ships from these missiles.
Making contact with Ft. Lewis put the Earthland Security Force in contact with the survivors on the army base. Many of the survivors were not military personnel but lived in the area and knew Ft. Lewis had bunkers which may keep them safe from the meteor swarms. None there knew of the invasion by aliens and an invasion by human aliens.
Flying south in the Peeds transport ships from Vancouver to Seattle then Ft. Lewis did help to explain this but Ferguson with confirmation from Jonathan flew the mother ship down to the army base.
No one was left unconvinced and the rockets somehow found their way into the mother ship.
The military personnel had no idea how to reestablish communications but knowing no more meteors would ravage earth they communicated with Ft, McChord. Ft. McChord was an Air Force Base and had a few planes still intact and some fuel.
The word was going to be passed along that Earth was under attack. This communication should allow the USA and Canada to concentrate to mobilize armed forces and avert any attack or in the case an attack was underway give assistance to earthborn fighters.
Most of the colonies the Peeds had already developed in the world and the areas under serious threat by the Peeds were not known. No satellites were in orbit anymore. The Peeds eliminated of all forms of communication therefore the most common forms of communication was not available to them. However, the older technology for telephone lines could be utilized once telephone poles and lines could be erected.
As more and more people learned the meteor swarms were past they shrugged off survival mode to rush out and reclaim a semblance of their former existence.
There was a domino effect in this as people could not only quit hiding because of the meteors but traveled to other areas bringing the news.
Making contact with Ft. Lewis also gave the ex-slaves and the Earthland Security Force valuable military training. This instilled a better attitude and gave the nascent guerrilla force more confidence in working together. They now knew exactly what was expected of each team and each team member within each team.
Teams had been realigned for maximum fire power into forty man teams, teams which could fit well in a puddle jumper.
There was also small arms weapons’ training although they had enough ray guns for their small army so far but the juice to power the Peeds’ weapons would eventually run out. 
Enough soldiers had lived through these last two years to act as drill sergeants. Some even volunteered to lead the freed slaves into combat.
Time could be a problem since they didn’t know how capable the Peeds were in infiltrating and controlling the humans where they had landed. The question was either to wait for more training or strike now while they have the advantage of some surprise.
The Peeds did not know what the Earthland Security Force had learned and had developed although by now the Peeds certainly knew there was a serious resistance to their invasion.
Would attacking now prove more effective than waiting? A difficult decision and one that Jonathan felt all parties should be in on the debate.
It was decided after a fairly short discussion. They would go now. They would continue to train while planning strategy for the next mother ship. They were afraid to wait as it would only give the slavers more time to consolidate their position and potentially add numerous slaves to their force.
Jonathan stayed in the orbital mother ship, christened the Potemkin.
The command center and the com room were now well understood by several of the Earthland security people. The ability to communicate with all the transport ships and the other mother ship, christened the Enterprise, was very advanced and those in charge of it could keep the information going and the communication uninterrupted.
They had no way to speak from one forty man unit to another but these units could speak with puddle jumper 1 with walkie talkies when in range. The puddle jumpers could speak to the mother ships. The mother ships could track the puddle jumpers and the puddle jumpers could track all those who had active implants.
The first step of Plan B? Disable the communication center of the mother ship. It was hoped the slaves would become disconnected as before and they could search inside or outside the mother ship for the Peeds.

<<<  >>>

“Enterprise here. This is Bob. Are you there Jonathan?”
“I hear you Bob. How’s it going?” Jonathan had a desire to say ‘out’ but knew it was unnecessary.
“Good from here. Everything is going according to plan so far. Are you reading what the target mother ship is doing?”
“Yes Bob, many eyes are watching in the control room. The moment the Peeds do anything different we will let you know.”
“Bob, how far from touchdown?”
“Being low in altitude is harder for me to say but I’d guess an hour more and then we’ll be right on top of it.”
It had been decided that since the slavers would know one mother ship was still in orbit they would be less likely to notice another flying under the radar so to speak.
The Enterprise had taken a full day at the low altitude in arriving at the jump off point. They would depart the Falkland Islands, the current jump off point, for the South American Peed mother ship. They were only two thousand miles from the slavers’ mother ship which was parked in Paraguay near the borders of Brazil and Argentina. It was thought that an attack from the south would be less noticeable.
From North Vancouver the Enterprise had gone down the west coast to the tip of South America. Flying at low altitude to avoid detection they could see nothing was left of the South American coast. Certainly people had survived in the mountains just as the ancient people of Tiahuanaco had after they completed their megalithic building program. But the coast was desolate.
The Enterprise swing around the tip of South America and skipped over the waves to the Falklands.
The full day of traveling also allowed everyone to get well rested and mentally prepared. As they flew out of the Falklands for the mainland they were primed for combat. There were ten puddle jumpers each commanded by the A, B and C teams and several of the army sergeants who had enlisted in the Earthland Security Force.
At first the soldiers wanted to take command but the Earthland forces unequivocally said no. If the professional soldiers wanted to participate they would have to join the Earthland Security Force and take orders from Jonathan. This actually made Jonathan very uneasy but he also didn’t like the idea to ceding authority to these newcomers.
At one hundred miles from the mother ship Bob got in touch with Jonathan.
“Jonathan. We’re in position and ready for part two.”
“Okay Bob, send out the PJ’s and we’ll keep watch on them.”
Bob radioed down to Puddle Jumper 1 and relayed the orders to head out.
Terry was flying Puddle Jumper 1 and Tony had number 2. Only these two PJs had the mounted rockets. The rockets had been taken off attack helicopters and jerry-rigged to the PJ’s. They were mounted on the roof of the PJ and needed manual operation. Keoni had the honor in Puddle Jumper 1 while Hawk had control of the rockets of number 2.
The other eight puddle jumpers would follow behind in the flying goose formation. This way they could visually see one anther. Each of them had different orders but much relied on how effective the missiles could be in knocking out the communication center for the orders to remain current.
“Jonathan, how we’re doing so far?”
“Everything looks good from here Bob. Nothing new to report on the mother ship. It seems they are not able to see you or are otherwise occupied.” The puddle jumpers and the Enterprise were only thirty miles from their target.
Twenty miles to the mother ship. “Jonathan. I hear from the PJ’s that nothing exists as far as civilization. No towns of any kind survived the catastrophe.” Bob was quiet for a while. “I’m with Turk on this.”
Ten miles. “Potemkin, Tony just talked to me. He flew over a puddle jumper and there were no signs of implants.”
“Well, by the time any slavers get to that transport ship we’ll be hitting their mother ship.”
Four miles. Three miles. “Here we go.”
Terry and Tony flew right up to the mother ship. They had no way of knowing who and how many might be inside though there had to be Peeds in the com room and presumably a commander in his room. They got into position as Bob brought up the Enterprise. He placed it directly above the mother ship.
Once Bob was in position Terry and Tony ordered the rockets to be launched. The missiles slammed into the area where the com room should be. They could see damage and ordered another battery to be fired.
The mother ship tried to lift off. Bob could feel the weight of the lifting slaver ship from his seat in the commander’s chair. He kept the Enterprise in place by commanding it to land.
Bob felt the missiles slam into the mother ship beneath him with the second salvo. The Enterprise was rocked. Bob kept the ship steady and on top of the slavers’ ship. The other eight puddle jumpers hovered awaiting to carry out orders or to receive new orders.
The slavers’ ship was no longer trying to ascend and plopped back down to earth. Puddle Jumpers 3, 4, and 5 went into the docking bay of the mother ship. Terry and Tony stayed outside with rockets ready for any transport ship which might come to the aid of their mother ship. Bob stayed in place above the enemy ship.
Puddle Jumpers 7 through 10 waited to be deployed as number 6 rose one thousand feet and began to monitor the implants on the ground. The pilots were the police pilots on loan to the Earthland Security Force.
The first thing they told Bob was there were many implants and most of those were not moving. They all felt exhilarated by this news and knew they had destroyed the communications room and the link between the Peeds and their slaves.

<<<  >>>

“Move, move, move,” yelled Tim as his forty troopers rushed out the puddle jumper.
Tim pointed to the entrance into the mother ship from the flight deck, “secure the area.” The forty troopers, all former slaves who could speak English went past him. They responded with confidence and took defensive positions at the end of the corridor leading to the hangar. They covered the lift and the armory. It went like clockwork and without any opposition.
Big John led his forty men to the secondary lift to secure the second arms room and cover the slave pod room doors.
Sam led his forty men to the primary lift and rode up to the deck where the slaver pods were. They didn’t immediately go to the com room as they knew the communications link was destroyed. They would secure any slavers in stasis first.
Within fifteen minutes no opportunity existed for the slave commander and any slaver to acquire arms and exit the ship. Tim was awaiting Big John and Terry to use the walkie talkie and he would start the next phase.
“Tim this is Sam. Over.”
“Sam is Big John there? Over?”
“Yep. Forty slaves in pods and only two slavers.”
“Okay. We’ll start up with a squad to the com room. You cover the commander’s exit with Sasha. Over.”
“Gotcha. Out.”
Everyone moved as if choreographed. And in a sense it was. Most of the one hundred twenty four of the Earthland Security Force had already been involved in the actions on the Enterprise and Potemkin. They were all familiar with the lay out of the mother ship and knew which areas might hide crossfire or snipers.
Tim led his squad of ten into the primary lift and rose up. However, the lift would not go all the way up due to the damage from the missiles. They got out two decks shy of the com room deck and went over to the secondary lift.
“Big John, do you copy?”
“Yeah, Tim, what’s up? Over.”
“Can’t go up the primary lift. Am two decks below target. Will go in secondary lift. Is Sasha in position? Over.”
“He should be there be now.”
Tim led the first squad and the second squad who were to act as back up and cover the lift. However, he didn’t like the idea of leaving them to cover the lift without any support or communication so he took them up the second lift.
They arrived on the com room deck and he could see Sasha and his squad of ten covering the exit to the corridor of the commander’s bedroom and the lift. Tim had a long walk and took half his 2nd squad with him to the lounge of the com room. He met no enemy fire.
Tim and the fifteen with him went to the large foyer where the lift was. It was heavily damaged. The lift doors were intact but crumpled and warped. As they moved out of the foyer and into the hall leading to the com room they could see holes in the mother ship and the whole area was too damaged to be traversable.
“Big John. You copy?”
“Yeah Tim. How’s it look?”
“You forgot to say over. Over.”
“Damn. I think I’ll say shit instead. How’s that? Shit.”
“Fine. Anyway we cannot proceed and it’s doubtful any slavers came this way. It’s totally destroyed.”
“Think any slavers survived the rockets? And you didn’t say over. Over.”
“Shit. Ah, the door to the lounge is completely gone as is part of the wall. We can see in somewhat but can’t tell anything from here. We’re on our way back to Sasha and we’ll try to go through that way. Oh, and out.”
The walk back was quicker since they ran most of the way. They were anxious to see if the commander and any slavers had escaped. They reached Sasha and apprised him of the situation.
The 2nd squad was told to cover and guard the lift as they needed Sasha in the commander’s and com rooms. Since his men only spoke Romanian they had to come as well.
There were few places to hide along the corridor but they stationed guards along the way. All within sight of one another. They reached the commander’s exit and the door was open.
Tim looked at Sasha who shrugged. They tossed in a grenade. It exploded but no other sounds were heard. Tim and his 1st squad went into the room with ray guns at the ready. No one was in the room.
The door to the commander’s room was blown out and they could see no one was in the chair or anywhere in the room. They didn’t have to go into the com room. It didn’t exist anymore.
They could see the large hill outside through the gaping hole in the side of the mother ship. It didn’t look safe to go in and Tim tried to count the bodies from the door of the commander’s room.
“Big John do you copy?”
“Sure do Tim. What’s the word?”
“The com room is completely destroyed and enough of the commander’s room is as well. Sasha can do nothing here. The commander isn’t here though. Seems everyone in the com room was killed. The ace slaver is loose.”
“Okay, we’ll tell Bob we need clean up now if they’re not too busy out there.”


CHAPTER TWO


“Terry. You see what I see?” Tony asked.
McNeill nodded then remembered he had to use the com link, “yeah.” He turned to shout into the cabin, “hey Keoni. We got company. You see ‘em?”
Keoni and Hawk did indeed see them. Two transport ships were winging their way back to the mother ship. Terry and Tony both rotated the puddle jumpers to the oncoming slavers.
Both Tony and Terry could see the side hatch open and ray guns peeked out. When the range was one hundred yards Terry told Tony he’d take the one to their right. Keoni and Hawk were ready. At seventy five yards the rockets were launched. The first transport ship didn’t even veer course. The slavers probably never saw a rocket before. The second did the normal thing and began an evasive maneuver. But too late.
“Aaah, oooh. What a beautiful sight,” said Terry. There was nothing left of either of the slavers transport ship.
“Incredible,” the radio squawked. Eric the police pilot had seen the whole show.
“Hey Eric,” asked Terry. “Do you see anymore of them?”
“I sure do. Hold on and I’ll plot a course”
Ten seconds later, “Sonovabitch. They’re moving off.”
“Where’re they going?”
“Hold on.”
Forty five seconds later, “there’re heading north. And fast. Wow, now there’s a second. Hold on. A third. Shit. They’re getting away.”
“Tony, this is Terry. Let’s go after them?”
“Terry, this is Jonathan. Nix. You’ve got more weight and they have the same engines. I can track them from here. Let’s see how many of the slaves we can find and make into ex-slaves.”
“Okay. We’ll get them later right?”
“You bet your ass.”

<<<  >>>

There was celebrating but it was low key and minimal. The former slaves had no idea about celebrations and there was still plenty to do. With Puddle Jumper 6 giving the coordinates of implants which remained stationary the process of picking up the no-longer-linked slaves began.
They were able to find over three thousand alien humans and another four hundred which had been captured with the rings around their necks. However, they also found several hundred dead alien slaves.
These were presumably killed by the slavers when it appeared the link was severed. It now seemed the slavers not only knew they had a large earthborn human force attacking them but may have figured out this force were using the former slaves against them.
McNeill turned grim faced to Schollander when he reported finding the dead slaves, “scorched earth policy of the worst kind.”
Jonathan had flown down to give the report. It was easier for him to come down than the others to go up. There was still much to do. They did place the unchipped-slaves in the stasis pods as Bob ferried everyone back to North Vancouver. One surgery team began immediately to remove the chips from the unconnected slaves.
After greetings and back slapping the meeting commenced in the tent at Mosquito Creek Park.
“I’ve got some good news and some bad news,” Jonathan began. “I’ll start with the good news.”
“We tracked the Peeds’ puddle jumpers and there were ten of them in all. There were too many implants too close proximity to calculate how many of them there were but a best guess is about one hundred.”
“I think these slavers had an idea they might be attacked and took precautions. At least not to stray far from one another. They all headed to the mother ship in China.”
“Now the bad news. The three mothers left are in communication with one another. We have not broken the frequency and have no idea what they’ve told each other. Of course, if they use their alien language we’ll never know.”
“The slavers are now in a defensive stance and will have some tricks up their sleeves. One thing has already happened. PJ’s from the mother ship in India are on the move and it’s assumed they’ll pick up the slavers in Romania.”
There were moans and tight lips. They knew their next attack will be met with heavy resistance and probably with serious causalities.
“More good news. And I’ve saved the best for last. Kookli and the mayor’s secretary have covered a lot of ground. They just got back from New York. A lot of people survived in the northeast and many more in the Appalachians and other mountains.” A cheer went up.”
“How about Florida?” asked one of the original guerrillas.
“Sorry to say but the coast from New Jersey to Florida…well, there’s nothing there now. Texas and the middle of the country were pretty much wiped out though some pockets remained above the flooding or the flooding didn’t go in that direction.”
“How about Washington D.C.?” another asked.
“All the nuclear energy plants exploded. The radiation from Three-Mile-Island killed just about everyone in D.C. Maryland and Pennsylvania. I guess parts of Virginia as well. The radiation levels are still too high to go in.”
The Americans looked at one another. Someone called out, “what does this mean?”
Jonathan shrugged his shoulders a little, “it means we have to find a way to elect a president and congress and all. And find a place safe for the government.”
“How in the world are we going to do all this?”
“The mayor of Vancouver with the help of mayors in Seattle and Portland will arrange a way of communicating and are working on linking the old fashioned telephone lines. The slavers cannot jam our communication anymore. Maybe telegraph as well. Anyway, we’ll be able to talk with most people after a while. Ham radios are also a good bet.”
This was a fascinating course of events. To reestablish their country. Yet, it seemed somewhat strange to those who had been surviving well on the island of Vancouver for nearly two years.
“What are we going to do about the China slavers?”
“That’s a good question…thee question of the moment. They know we’ll be coming. We have no way of knowing how much of the country they have taken over and since none of us speaks Mandarin or Cantonese we cannot even figure out what they’re doing when they’re outside of their mother ship.”
“My guess is that the warlords have taken over parts of the country.” Jonathan added, “probably generals from their army and if so they have weapons and numbers to resist the slavers.”
“I wonder,” asked Terry, “if we should go and try to attack the one in Pakistan first?”
Jonathan nodded. “One, they may think we’ll try for the ones in China first and two we may be able to shield our attack because of the many mountains. We can go in several directions. Also, we can have more training now. We can look at the terrain and train for what we’ll face. With more time maybe we’ll have even better planning.”
“One thing I’ve been doing up there,” Jonathan referred to the Potemkin which they understood, “is to study the coastlines…of everywhere.”
“Few people survived on the coasts or the small islands. However, inland and in the mountains most people lived through the catastrophe and many survived afterwards. There are a lot of people still in the world.”
“So, I’m optimistic. Everywhere there’s people they’ll be resistance to the slavers.”
Jonathan was quiet. He wanted to let this sink in. Though there still was urgency in attacking and overthrowing the slavers there now seemed a chance to succeed and patience may well be rewarded.


CHAPTER THREE


Dr. Prezlee stood behind Sasha in the Com room on the Enterprise. He had a lot of faith in…
“Ah, Jonathan. We haff the feed.”
Prezlee watched the monitor. “That’s from Tony’s PJ?”
“Correct. Hmm, let’s see…there. You can talk with him.”
“Tony can you hear me?”
“That’s affirmative. What are you seeing?”
“We’re picking up everything from your camera.”
“Are the Peeds still cloaked and what’s the eta to their mother ship?” asked Tony.
“We still haven’t figured out how to penetrate their cloaking. And I’m starting to get a bad feeling. They definitely know we’re coming and they’re more technologically sophisticated than we are. At least in some respects. You are not to take any serious risks.”
“Don’t worry.”
“How’s the communication with the Indian Air Force?”
“It’s good,” Captain Schollander replied. He was back as a captain and now the head of the Earthland Security Air Force. The camera panned to Tony’s left and anyone at a monitor could see the lead jet of the Indian escort.
Prezlee silently thanked the Indian government. Of all the government’s in the world theirs was the least devastated. When the Peeds’ mother ship landed on the Indian Pakistan border it didn’t take long before the Indian Parliament and PM realized they were at war with the slave masters.
The Earthland Security Force was not able to communicate with the Indian government until recently and only after the Peeds’ mother ship had vacated from the subcontinent. They hoped for a combined surprise attack on the Peeds’ mother ship in China.
Jonathan and the others felt they could not delay the attack on the Peeds’ mother ship in China. Since they could now communicate with the Indian government they asked for assistance. From northern India one military base provided two thousand troops and three jets were scrambled to escort and assist the Earthland force.
But they were heading into China blind. The Peeds had found a way to neutralize their implant beacons and the Earthland force had no idea how many slaves might be in the Peeds’ army.
“Sasha patch me through to the entire command…to all attack personnel.” This Sasha did.
“This is Jonathan speaking. The first and foremost objective is to ground the slave master mother ship. Do not go on the ground until it has been determined the extent of their slave army. It may be considerably more than ten thousand.”
This was no time to underestimate the Peeds. He briefly wondered how many had their television sets on or their radios. This whole operation was being broadcast from the Enterprise but routed through the Potemkin in orbit around the planet. Any TV or radio which happened to have electricity and be turned on would pick up the feed just as they were on the monitors of the com center on the Enterprise.
This will seem like a sci-fi show no doubt, he thought to himself. No television for two years then this…it just won’t seem real to anyone not in India. Units of the Indian army had engaged the Peeds and their slave army so those in India knew the danger but it was doubtful many others did.
“Jonathan, still no way to see anything?”
“No, Tony. From here it looks like a large blanket over the area. We cannot see through it.”
“How large an area is masked?”
“Hmm, hold on a sec.” Prezlee turned to Sasha.
The Ukrainian shrugged, “best guess…? I tink maybe fifty miles in diameter.”
“You hear that Tony?”
“Yeah. As you can see we’re flying over Tibet now. We’re flying low but you think they can see us coming?”
“I would assume that yes. They certainly know about us now and they should assume we will continue to attack them.”
“Right. It should be only a few more minutes. Over and out.”
“Good luck…to everyone. Out.”
Jonathan breathed deeply. He grabbed a chair to watch the monitor with Sasha and the other technicians in the com center. He could do nothing more now but wait and see what those who had functioning and turned on televisions would see. The radios would pick up the audio. He wondered what people must be thinking if they were just hearing without the visual. It just cannot seem real to them.

<<<  >>>

They watched the action from Captain Schollander’s camera. The slave army of the Peeds was huge.
“Sasha patch me through…this is Dr. Prezlee. Do not, I repeat, do not land and engage the slave army.”
They could hear the chatter of the different puddle jumpers. They were at least at a two-to-one disadvantage in numbers if not larger.
Their primary objective was to disable the mother ship. In this the Indian pilots and rockets from puddle jumpers 1 and 2 were causing massive destruction. They were receiving fire from the ground but the jets were too high and the PJ’s were in constant motion.
They then heard, “what the hell is that?” Sounded like one of the puddle jumpers giving support.
The camera on Tony’s PJ swung around. It was being directed by one of the technicians in the com center. Jonathan turned to him, “Navin, did you see were that came from?”
“I think I have the basic area. Let’s see…there it is again. There. See?”
Jonathan could see. A battery on a low hill. “Tony, so you see that? Can you get PJ’s 7 and 8 to attack it from their rear?”
“I’m on it.”
Another green bolt beamed. A huge bolt. It seemed similar to a ray gun’s beam but about forty times more powerful. It was firing at the Indian jets. So far the Indian rockets had been effective and their jets were fast. They would make a pass, fire their rockets and get out of the area.
The PJ’s were closer to the ground and if they didn’t stay in any one place for long. The ray gun beams from the ground could not have a sustained blast to punch holes in the metal of the transport ships. The small arms fire from the conventional weapons also proved less than effective on the skin of the puddle jumpers.
Tony was in PJ 3 and it was the command ship. PJ 7 and 8 peeled off and flew to towards the enemy battery. They could not do much as they only had ray guns and some hand held rocket launchers which had been donated by the Indian Military. They would have to hover behind the enemy battery let down the ramp and fire way. That they would be vulnerable was something Jonathan didn’t want to ponder.
The huge green beam hit one of the Indian jets. The jet was disabled and both pilots ejected and their parachutes opened.
Jonathan was frantic, “Tony. Do not let those pilots land. They’ll be in the middle of the slave army.
“Tony, this is Terry. We’re out of ammo. I’m going to get the pilots.” PJ 2 disengaged from attacking the mother ship and sped directly toward the parachuting pilots. They watched from Tony’s command ship.
It occurred to Jonathan that maybe they could position the PJ under the pilots and they could land on the top of the transport ship. There were no hand holds and it would be a difficult ride but it did appear feasible. However, this was not on Terry McNeill’s mind.
“Everybody, strap yourselves in,” McNeill was heard to yell.
As he flew toward the closest pilot he turned the ship. As he did this he opened the ramp. The PJ was almost perpendicular to the ground though still over a thousand feet in the air. It hovered. With some jockeying of position it was directly under the descending pilot. He made it to the cabin of the transport ship. Not a pretty landing but an effective one.
The PJ leveled off and headed for the other pilot. Those in the cabin unstrapped themselves and assisted the pilot out of his parachute and strapped him into the transport seat. They then strapped themselves and waited for the next boarder. This went more smoothly then the first and both pilots were safe. The two other Indian jets had discharged all their rockets and were now headed home.
“Tony, looks like we cannot do anything more here. Head back to India.”
Jonathan turned to Sasha, “I’ll be in the Chair. Connect me, okay?”
“You betcha.”
Prezlee wondered just how he would explain this.


CHAPTER FOUR


Hello, I’m Dr. Jonathan Prezlee.” He paused. He realized this was not going to be easy.
“What you have seen was a real attack on a real…ah, space ship. This is not some fiction or sci-fi show.” He paused again. He smiled. Outside of those in India who is going to believe him. He shook his head.
“It sounds fantastic. Well, it is fantastic. Two years ago our planet underwent a global catastrophe. It was not a natural catastrophe.” He put it in his mind not to be pedantic or overly didactic. Straight to the heart of the matter.
“You are watching this broadcast from a communication center on one of the space ships these aliens arrived on. We, that is, the Earthland Security Force, commandeered it.”
“The transport ships you saw are from this and several other…what we call mother ships. We believe there were originally seven of them. The one we…attacked and seemly disabled was the fifth. We believe there are two others out there. One had been parked around the Indian/Pakistan border. The Indian government, probably the least devastated government on our planet, was able to engage and fight off these aliens. That is why the three planes you saw in action with us had Indian Military markings.”
“Though I intend to talk to and thank the Indian Prime Minister and the Parliament in person I’d like to take this opportunity (where in the world did I come up with crap like that?) to thank them for all the assistance they rendered in this engagement.”
“We also had two thousand of their troops but with the odds so heavily against us on the ground I decided not to send them down nor the three thousand troops in the Earthland Security Force.”
“I have to tell you and I suppose you’ll not believe me, but we, the survivors of the catastrophe, are in a war for our lives. The Peeds, as they call themselves, came here to either enslave us or kill us.
He paused again. Who in their right minds would believe this?
“These aliens had been from this planet. They are human. Though the dating of their being taken off this planet is unknown it is thought to have occurred around thirty or forty thousand years ago.”
“A few of these humans learned a great deal from the benign aliens. These benign aliens apparently recognized the potential for a real natural global cataclysm and thought in their kindness to take a few humans to safety…and it seems some animals and plants as well. They found a suitable planet for these humans to thrive.”
“On the way to the new home planet for these rescued humans some of them learned aspects of the technology of these aliens and when they arrived at the new location they enslaved the others and created a slavemaster controlled society.” Probably not too different from Plato’s vision.
“Seems the world they were on after many thousands of years was going to experience a global cataclysm so a number of them decided why not return to their original home planet, Earth. They assumed no humans would be found on it.”
“One of their technologies is a tractor beam, or at least that is what we call it. Seems to be, at least in part, an exceedingly powerful magnet. More powerful than anything on Earth. We’re still trying to figure it out.”
:Anyway, they used it to bring to our planet meteors from the asteroid belt. They figured if they caused a huge global catastrophe then few of us would remain and they would have little difficulty in taking over.”
“Well, I guess they didn’t kill enough of us.”
Jonathan talked about what he and the others on the Australian Airways Airbus and those survivors on Vancouver Island and the city of Vancouver underwent for survival. How they found out about the aliens and what they have learned and done to date.
“We are at a disadvantage. Our society here and in many places just doesn’t exist in any cohesive manner. We’ve had to survive without any of the benefits of our civilization, our former civilization. In some cases, many cases, governments ceased to exist. Communication between countries and communities had been eliminated.”
“We must work together to keep the Peeds from enslaving us. We must develop our democracy to once again have a government which can organize resistance to this threat.”
“No one from our U.S. government in Washington DC has survived. Most died from radiation poisoning. Congress, the White House, the Supreme Court were in session when the meteor swarm hit. Our planet underwent a global tilt, we’re now around twenty degrees of inclination to the plane of elliptic, and that caused the huge tsunamis, violent earthquakes and volcanic activity. As far as we can tell every nuclear weapon or device including power station reactors exploded.”
“The areas where this occurred are uninhabitable. We’re not sure but we think there’s less than three hundred million to possibly four hundred million of us left. Some countries were incredibly devastated.”
“The polar ice cap is gone and without a thick envelope to obscure the sun it will not reform or form very slowly. Therefore, we have had a significant rise in our ocean levels. This means we have less land to live on. Every coastline in the world has been altered. The eastern United States has already lost a minimum ten miles to the ocean. Nearly fifty percent of Florida is under water.”
“The reason the Arctic Ocean will not reform its ice cap is because the solar radiation will warm the surface of the water. It certainly will not be the Riviera but dark water retains heat and will keep it too warm for ice to form. The ice sheets of Greenland and Antarctica have shrunk and continue to recede. All other glaciers on our planet are gone.”
“It was estimated by earth scientists and others that if all ice sheets and glaciers melted we would see an increase of twenty feet in our ocean levels. Even if this is somewhat inaccurate it will still be monumental. One aspect of the change of our axis, or tilt, is that the temperate zones have increased. We think an increase of a hundred miles in both directions, north and south, has occurred. It may be more. The desert zones will shrink. The Sahara Desert will shrink from the north and North Africa though it may not blossom as in the hipsithermal or climate optimum period will be able to grow more crops and sustain more people.”
“You can see, even if we had no war to wage we will have a lot to do to recreate our countries and societies. But we do have a war so our effort to reestablish our governments and societies will be hampered and doubly difficult.
“We plan on sending reports, such as a news program, and keep you informed. At present we seem to be the only ones with the ability to reach so many people. We are still learning the technology of these aliens and hopefully in the near future we can develop a worldwide communication system.”
“We are going to rebroadcast the attack on the alien mother ship in China. If you know anyone who has a television or a radio with working electricity keep tuned to this frequency.”
Jonathan paused. “You must be aware of our enemy. That he is human means he is adaptive. And they have adapted. Today we witnessed a weapon we had not seen before. They have altered how the implant beacons can be monitored so we do not know where these Peeds are at present.”
“These are vicious people. They kill without remorse or pity or thought. It does not occur to them that what they are doing is wrong. People to them are nothing more than things, items or objects. If they thought torture was helpful they would apply that as well. They have no conscience or sense of decency. They are single-minded and believe what they do is in their best interests.”
“That it is not in the interests of others has no meaning for them. Though they may be under the radar, so to speak, they will not stop or turn back from their cause. They are tireless in their efforts. They will conquer and control us if we do not stop them.”
Without realizing he paused and reflected. He had just described Hitler, Stalin, Cheney.
Jonathan rubbed the stubble on his chin and wondered; well, we’re two for three. Will we be three for four or two for four? He had no answer as the broadcast ended. He whispered to the blank screen, “hey bad guys, you can run but…”


THE END…or is it just the beginning



By Peter Butterworth


Essay

*Ideology versus Scientific Ethics


The easiest way to look at the problem regarding the theory of Gradualism is through its inability to explain the four problems associated with the frozen mammoths of Siberia.
Scientific ethics is really simplicity itself. In this case it is this: a theory which does not explain reality cannot be correct. Period.
There is no wiggle room, there is no gray area. Either a theory explains reality or it does not.
A good example of this is the greatest adage known to man. For thousands of years it was the only dictum everyone on the planet could agree with. And that is: whatever goes up must come down.
The experience of everyone for thousands of years had this as a truism of reality par excellence. Yet, that statement is incorrect. 100% incorrect as far as scientific ethics is concerned.
It does not matter that in 99.9% of all cases this adage remains true. However, the statement does not say 99.9% but infers 100%. It is now a statement which does not explain reality.
Therefore, it is an incorrect.
Charles Darwin in the late 1870’s was asked about the frozen mammoths of Siberia. It was not a frivolous or trivial question. The frozen mammoths were a major interest to the English public at the time. And since Darwin’s cousin was helping one of the newer generation of thinkers, an individual named Evans, prepare his lecture at the Royal Academy of Sciences Charles Darwin was a very likely person to query.
It must be understood that the phenomena of the frozen mammoths of Siberia was not limited just mammoths or Siberia. Everything which can be said about the mammoths also is true of other animals and everything which can be said about Siberia can be said of Alaska. However, it’s easier to limit ourselves to what Darwin and his contemporaries knew. The evidence regarding Alaska came later.
The phenomenon of the frozen mammoths was not new in 1878. It had been around for about two generations. Two generations in which Gradualism failed to explain this reality. 
But there were new thinkers, Evans and Klee being the most prominent, which had captured the imagination of the English public.
Everyone at that time knew the four basic problems of the frozen mammoths.
1, The animals were eating temperate zone plants at the time of their demise,
2, All postmortems showed the animals died of asphyxiation which in most if not all cases was caused by toxic gases and not by drowning,
3, The animals were entombed in muck immediately upon death and frozen immediately upon entombment,
4, And the animals remained frozen since that time, no thawing and decay or refreezing.
There have been many attempts by the scientific establishment to explain this problem. Some theories were flat out retarded. 
The one which inhabited the text books for many years was a slow moving glacier (on flat ground moving a couple of inches a year) encircling the luckless animals.
This is what I call a Limbaughism [20]. It is a statement meant to deceive. It was an idiotic statement even for that time (the early and early-middle part of the 20th century). 
This statement was accepted by most people. No one questioned it for many years. Yet, the statement did not address any of the four problems. 
To compound this lack of intellectual honesty and lack of integrity, illustrations would show a wholly mammoth trumpeting as a huge glacier closed off the avenue of retreat and safety. And, the illustration would go so far as to show very a green, lush grass sward. In the middle of the surrounding glacier!!
Do you not readily see the problems? How can green, lush grass grow next to a glacier and just where was the daily food, three hundred pounds or more of vegetable matter, going to be found near a glacier for one mammoth let along millions of them?
This is the inherent detriment of ideology; a pernicious disinformation of retarded thinking supplanting scientific ethics and logic [21]; unbiased logic, logic not derived from ideology. Integrity and intellectual honesty just does not exist for ideologues.
When Charles Darwin was asked about the frozen elephants of Siberia he did not stoop to utter a Limbaughism such as the Mammoth Steppe theory. He did not shy away from the subject or utter half-truths in an attempt to deceive.
He said simply (a paraphrase), ‘if Gradualism cannot explain the frozen mammoths of Siberia then my theory and Gradualism will just be minor theories’ [22]. Darwin had integrity.
The Mammoth Steppe theory was the latest, greatest attempt to explain the frozen mammoths. The originator of the theory was neither a climatologist nor a meteorologist. Since this theory was in the purview of both disciplines these scientists went to work and each group found fatal flaws. The research by the climatologists and the meteorologists was published in their peer reviewed journals for each discipline.
And yet again, the Mammoth Steppe theory failed to address three of the four problems which have plagued the scientific community for over one hundred fifty years. Never even considered these three other problems. The one problem which the theory did address was the animals eating temperate zone food in an area known today as an arctic zone. However, even this problem was hindered by ideology and therefore without merit.
So, let’s delve into The Case of the Frozen Mammoths of Siberia with the facts known through forensic science. And, as with any Perry Mason case it is not without a certain amount of deduction any investigator might use after seeking and finding all the known clues and facts. Therefore, I submit the facts as Perry Mason might. The conclusion will be readily apparent – assuming you’re NOT an ideologue.
Forensic science is quite informative on the phenomena of the frozen animals: firstly, the food these animals ate (they were actually snacking at the time of their sudden demise) is well known and as luck would have it for the gradualists, the food cannot grow where these animals are found in situ. The leaves of trees and bushes, flowers and grasses are not arctic flora. Hundreds, even as much as a thousand miles to the south, are where the plants the elephants were grazing on are grown in their natural climatic zone (of our present era).
Plants are extremely particular. Turns out plants of one climatic zone will not grow in another climatic zone. If the mammoths were eating temperate zone plants then these animals HAD to be in a temperate zone. Scientific ethics demands this conclusion.
It is irrefutable. This cannot be argued away. Nor can it be ignored; at least if you accept scientific ethics and the research as regards to plant science and agronomy.
THERE WAS NO arctic zone at the time of the animal’s demise. This is an impossibility. The mammoths of Siberia at that time were temperate zone animals living in a temperate zone. There was no tundra or permafrost.
First problem eliminated and Gradualism is found wanting.
Secondly, it is well known how the animals died: asphyxiation - overcome by gases or drowning. Since, to my knowledge, water has not yet been found in the lungs of these animals [23] then only toxicity and death from gases can have occurred. What was the gas and how did it occur over such a huge area of Siberia (larger than the continental U.S.)?
I have no idea if any postmortem at this point in time can determine what the gas was which felled millions of animals. However, I would bet the house no test for the gas has occurred with any postmortem of the exhumed animals.
The method of their death is an important fact. What could have been the gas to exterminate so many animals in such a huge area (larger than the continental U.S.)?
Scientists test, ideologues do not.
The second problem is addressed and Gradualism is found wanting.
Thirdly, these animals were inundated by muck. And to make things more difficult for the gradualist ideology the muck entombed the mammoths immediately upon death.
Yes, Darwin and his contemporaries knew about this fact. The reason was they knew the dead animals showed no, let me repeat, NO decay. No putrefaction occurred at all.
The mammoth meat was still marbled and eaten without incident by dogs. The viscera, the eyeballs, ligaments and hair is intact as well as the plant remains in their mouths and first stomach.
Muck does not occur naturally hundreds of miles from a water source. How did the muck come to bury these animals over hundreds of thousands of square miles of Siberia (larger than the continental U.S.)?
Where did the muck come from? How did the muck cover such a huge area? Gradualism is silent on this. Muck does not occur away from a water source, especially many hundreds of miles from any water source. In one place at least, the muck is a thousand feet deep. The muck had to be the original agent of freezing or there would have been decay. Remember, this was a temperate zone and nature is very exact with what it does to dead organic material. Decay and bacterial action starts immediately upon death.
I have seen some of the floor of the Arctic Ocean (and yes, I’m aware that this is not a large sampling) and the sediment I saw was possibly an inch but perhaps less. When sonar soundings were made some years ago the blip returned instantaneously. The margin of error for the sonar technology at the time was 0-100 feet and I predict that if further tests are made the sediment level will be closer to zero [24].
I submit the Arctic Ocean sediment became the muck which inundated Siberia and original agent of freezing the animals.
Third problem is addressed and Gradualism is found wanting.
Fourthly, following upon the flood, entombment and freezing by muck the elephants have not had one day or even one minute of putrefaction (when the animals have remained entombed in the permafrost). The speed of freezing is known and it’s called flash freezing. It’s an easy postmortem test; the size of the crystals in the hemoglobin determines the rapidity of freezing. 
Siberia must have immediately become the arctic zone of our present era as the animals have never undergone thawing. This is not a guess.
If Siberia remained a temperate zone even for a few hours (or if entombed by the freezing muck for several months) then thawing and putrefaction would have occurred. This is irrefutable. Scientific ethics says it is incontrovertible.
This cannot be argued with what is known about the reality of nature.  
The fourth problem is addressed and Gradualism is found to be nothing more than a minor theory as Darwin recommended.
What could cause the Siberian temperate zone to become an arctic zone within a spectacularly short space of time? 
There can be one conclusion and one conclusion only. It obviously is not Gradualism. (I have no idea what the Creationists theorize about this phenomenon. Doesn’t really matter as Creationism is just as much an ideology as Gradualism.) To maintain Gradualism as a major theory is to deny the importance of science and scientific ethics.
I submit the sediment which had been on the Arctic Ocean floor was forced toward the Equator due to an axis shift. (Crustal or physical? Probably both.) Our present 23 degree tilt has ensured the animals would remain in the frozen state in which they are found today.

[20] The one assertion I like to illustrate the point is thus: Rush Limbaugh was upset with people saying we need to save the forests. On the air he stated, “there are more trees today than three hundred years ago.” Why is this statement a lie? His statement isn’t disingenuous it’s a fabrication. It’s a statement meant to deceive. Yes, there are more trees, more orchards of almonds, oranges, etc. than ever before but they are not forests. There are more landscaping trees, more trees lining boulevards of towns and cities, more palm trees in Florida and Hawaii but none are forests. Limbaughism is alive and well in the academic field. When Dr. Balabanova concluded that TOBACCO and COCAINE were used in the mummification process of the Egyptian New Kingdom derived from lab research someone with a science degree had this to say (a paraphrase), ‘there are plants around Egypt with alkaloids similar to cocaine.’ Firstly, he shows no research to support his contention (there isn’t any). Secondly, he does not mention tobacco. Tobacco and cocaine are indigenous to the same area of the Andes. You get one then you get the other. All ideologues utilize Limbaughism.

[21] This is true of any and all ideologies. It does not matter if the ideology is scientific, political, religious, economic or social. I maintain all ideologues are retarded. This is not a case of autism or a chromosomal anomaly but a case of ‘thinking with blinders.’ These ideologues can drive cars, can calculate what a purchase will cost and may even be good spouses and parents. The retardation is only operating when their ideology is a cause of focus from an external source.

[22] I cannot perceive how the failure of Gradualism to explain this phenomenon can impact his theory but he always was a huge supporter of Charles Lyle. In the preface of the first edition of ORIGIN OF SPECIES he actually makes the comment that one should read and be favorable to Lyle’s PRINCIPLES OF GEOLOGY before one attempts to read the present work.

[23] Recently a baby mammoth was unearthed and it was assumed to be at the bottom of a Siberian lake. Immediately it was world news that the baby mammoth died by drowning. The postmortem had not been completed. This is Limbaughism. It was an attempt at deception. Since all other mammoths died from asphyxiation which cannot be explained by Gradualism the guy with a science degree felt ideology was more important than scientific ethics with his rush to judgment.

[24] This is somewhat reminiscent of the amount of regolith found on the moon. It was theorized that the amount of regolith, lunar dust, would be eight feet. This is why the lunar landing module had those skinny eight foot struts. However, there wasn’t eight feet of regolith. There wasn’t even one inch of regolith; closer to 1/8th to 1/4th of an inch. The mathematical calculations are completely appropriate and correct. It was the theory which was in error. The calculations were based on Gradualist assumptions but the reality was “negligible” regolith. The close approach by the giant comet melted the regolith of ages past. One of the many ways to show Gradualism is wanting and only a minor theory. By the way, this proves the lunar landing was NOT shot on a back lot of Hollywood. If it had then eight feet of regolith would have been in evidence.


OTHER BOOKS by Peter Butterworth


Historical Adventure
THE ATLANTEAN KING’S QUEST

Historical Caper
THE FRESNO TWIST

Epic Fantasy
THE ATLANTEAN CYCLES
THE WIZARD’S GIFT SERIES
THE BLUE SWORD: A GIFT FROM A WIZARD
THE SILVER SWORD: A GIFT FROM A WIZARD
ANTHOLOGY
THEN AND THEN AGAIN

Middle Age Fantasy
THE INEPT ADEPT SERIES
THE INEPT ADEPT AND THE ALMOST LAST UNICORN


Soon to be released:
(Modern) Thriller
A GHOST OF A CHANCE






PS: If you find errors or detect flaws in any part of the story please let me know. If you like any of the stories please give a review. Mahalo, Peter


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Former psychiatric nurse and formerly a bookseller in the co-op TALL STORIES in San Francisco (the largest co-op bookstore in the country at the time). Afterwards, I sold modern 1st editions (collectibles) on ebay under the DBA Mr. Butterworth’s Books and even sold vintage Hawaiian (aloha) shirts on ebay until the great recession.
Moved around a lot in my life; 3 high schools (two states), 2 junior high schools (2 states) and even 2 kindergartens. I was born in Rhode Island and kept moving west until I ended up in Hawaii. Any more west would be east so I returned to California.
Even hopped freights and hitch-hiked around the country in the early 1970’s (I wouldn’t recommend that now) and I’ve traveled to Central and South America and parts of Asia. Currently I am in Thailand.
Began writing as a teen - poetry as any teenager with angst is prone to do. Started to work in school newspapers in high school and continued this with several colleges but usually in different capacities. Had a Hemenway scholarship from the University of Hawaii - Manoa.
Could slam dunk at age fifteen and was told by a pro baseball scout after I pitched a game at 15 that I had a Double A arm. Originally went to a college (LSU- Wisconsin) to play baseball but life, as it’s been said, happens.
I have skeletons in my closet so to speak.
Mary Peck Butterworth was a famous counterfeiter.
But I cannot say I’m too upset about my great, etc., etc, grandmother. She wasn’t convicted. Everyone of importance in the town in the year she was arrested in 1705 was either a Peck or a Butterworth which certainly didn’t hurt and she was so clever they could not find the materials she used to forge the colonial bills of that period.
Lou Boyd (Grab Bag) did a blurb on her one time. And the only bills of that period to survive were her bills which has been said to be better made than the British bills and better liked by the colonists.
My great grandfather, Frank Butterworth, was the inspiration for my historical caper novel THE FRESNO TWIST. Turns out he was the typical ne’er-do-well and was kicked out of all the prep schools in New England. He eventually was arrested for stock fraud.
I’m very proud that three sides of my family fought in the Revolutionary War; a Butterworth, an Allard (Huguenots arrived in 1710) and Frank Cassidy. Frank probably arrived to fight the British and after the war settled in New York, one of the few places a Catholic could go without a lot of hassles.
The fourth side arrived here in the mid-1880’s and I am equally proud of them. My grandfather, Nathaniel Frucht, was the first in the family to be born here. He was the first Jewish patent attorney in Rhode Island and was one of the last to pass the bar without going to law school. He had been an engineer which helped him in his practice.

