	

ZINOVY’S JOURNEY

A speculative novel in three parts:

The End
The Journey
The Beginning

Ginny Jaques

Wow! This book blew me away! The description is magnificent, the characters believable, and the action just doesn’t stop. Despite its length, I couldn’t stop reading until I reached the final page. Bravo for Zinovy’s Journey, and bravo for Ginny Jaques. If this book is any indication of things to come, Jaques is about to explode into the literary world with cosmic effects.
Tracy Krauss, Best-selling author and playwright

Christian speculative fiction writer, Ginny Jaques, has developed a vivid and breathtaking adventure along a journey of faith and love in this uplifting and inspirational tale.
Carol Parsons, Author of Dictates of Conscience

Published by Millennium Journeys Press 
Copyright 2011 Ginny Jaques
Published by Ginny Jaques at Smashwords 
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping, or by any information storage retrieval system, without the permission, in writing, of the publisher.

Millennium Journeys Press, 4455 Ruskin Place, North Vancouver, V7R 3P7 B.C. Canada
ISBN:978-0-9877520-2-4

The quote at the beginning of Part II, by Victor Stepanovich Andreev, was taken from New Star Shining: miracle of the new Russia, by Larry Ward, 1993, Wide World Books, Phoenix Arizona. 
All biblical references in the book are taken from The Message: The Gospel of John in Contemporary Language, by Eugene H. Peterson, NavPress.



PART ONE
The End

Nothing can justify tears in children's eyes.
Fyodor Dostoevsky

CHAPTER ONE
Zinovy Efimovich Kozlov ducked his head as an icy wind, howling off the canal, whipped the scarf from his face and poured its bitter mid-winter chill down his neck. He pulled his collar tighter and quickened his steps, moving around the building, cursing the iron fence that forced him past several closer doors, and ran up the steps into the front entrance of the FSB headquarters. 
He avoided eye contact with the ancient plaque above the door. After twelve years of walking under it, he knew the words by heart: “The Church of Our Savior on the Spilled Blood.” The spilled blood part was appropriate, considering the current use of the building. In its forty years of existence, the FSB had shed more blood than the KGB had in twice that time. Zinovy grimaced, remembering the first words on the plaque. All religious relics should be gone by now, but remnants still remained.
A wave of warm air, heavy with the smell of coffee, met him in the entranceway. He pushed past the espresso machine, resisting the urge, and walked down the hall to the small office he shared with two other FSB agents. He opened the door and stepped through, nodded to them both, and walked to his cubicle, unzipping his jacket as he went.
“Your fly’s open, Zinovy,” Vladimir said, rocking back in his chair and hiking his feet up on the desk in front of him.
Zinovy picked up the stack of pink message slips from his desk. “Your mouth’s open, Vladimir.” He flipped through the notes, glancing over them before dropping each into the shredder.
“Why can’t I ever surprise you, Zinovy? You never so much as lift an eyebrow when I tell you something. I’d give a year’s pensionable earnings to see your jaw drop just once.”
“It’s because he doesn’t care,” Markov said. “Zinovy doesn’t care about anything.” He looked at his watch. “That’s why he turns up two hours late for work on Monday morning.”
Zinovy waved a pink slip in the air. “What’s this message from Anton? How did it get here?”
“Special messenger from head office. He said the boss was mad. Seems you’ve been ignoring his phone calls. Not too smart, considering.”
Zinovy headed across the room, stopping to thump Vladimir’s forehead with his finger. “You should zip up your mouth, comrade. If there were anything in that skull, it might fall out.” He turned at the door, giving them both the universal sign of dismissal, and walked out.
Halfway down the hall he spotted her, and his pulse backfired. It always did. Her raven-dark hair fell straight to her shoulders, framing a classic face—a Roman nose he used to kiss, and smooth, high cheekbones he’d loved to run his fingers over. 
She looked up and saw him, her eyes sending a brief message of recognition before she passed into her office.
He sighed and moved on, turning three more corners in the maze of passageways before he came to his supervisor’s office. General Anton Vasiliev, Director, Special Security Services, Federalnaya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti, St. Petersburg Division. Another plaque he’d rather avoid. He grunted, opened the door and walked in. 
The receptionist looked up and arched an eyebrow. “You better wait,” she said, as he headed for the inner office behind her. She punched a button. “He’s here.” She listened a split second, then nodded to Zinovy, but his hand was already on the doorknob.
Zinovy opened the door and reconned the area as he entered. Anton sat at the steel gray desk in the middle of the room, flanked by two tall windows in the wall behind him. Two other men were in the room. Sergei Voronin leaned against a metal file cabinet to Zinovy’s right. Yuri Pronichev stood by the window to the left, his hands in his pockets, looking out into the garden. The video screen on the wall was turned off, the only artificial light in the room coming from the dim fixture overhead in the high ceiling. 
Zinovy scowled at Anton, who returned the hard gaze without blinking. “You come, Kozlov, finally. Your delay is inexcusable. When I send word, you are to come immediately.”
“I’m sorry,” Zinovy said. “It’s hard to remember you are no longer the rug on the floor beneath the feet of this department.”
Yuri straightened, removed his hands from his pockets and turned from the window. The pock marks on Anton’s round cheeks paled against the red creeping up his neck. He looked down and shuffled some papers on the upper right hand corner of his desk. “You are being given an assignment,” he said. “Urgency is required. You have used up two days of your deadline with your delay in reporting. The job must be done by Friday, this week.”
“Who’s the target, and what’s the reason?”
Anton picked up a file on the desk in front of him. “The reason does not concern you. She is an agent who is no longer useful to us. She has become a security threat and must be disposed of.”
Zinovy stiffened. “She? I don’t do women.”
Anton rose and glared at Zinovy. “You will kill who you are ordered to kill. As always. The gender is irrelevant.” He dropped the file on the desk and pushed it toward Zinovy. “You are to dispatch the target by whatever means you choose.” He sneered. “Do it your way if you like, no blood. Then dispose of the body and bring us photographic evidence that the mission has been accomplished.” He paused. Zinovy stood, unmoving. Anton said, “You will do it immediately, without further questions or delay.”
Zinovy put his hands on his hips and considered his options. His first choice, preferred but not practicable, would be to put Anton’s broken body at the bottom of the canal. 
He picked up the file and flipped it open. The name at the top of the document hit him like a stun gun to the chest. It took a full five seconds for the realization to settle into his brain, another two for the anger to erupt. 
“You are insane,” he bellowed. “You are absolutely insane. This woman is no security threat. She’s a competent agent who does her job with integrity. She’s the last person to be a security risk.” He slammed the file down, sending its contents skittering across the desk and onto the floor at Anton’s feet.
Anton frowned. “Help us to understand this, Agent Kozlov. Are you refusing the order?” 
Zinovy leaned down, put his hands on the desk in front of the chief and spoke in his face, enunciating each word. “I will not kill Nadya.” 
Then he turned on his heel and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
* * *
The windows quit rattling and silence filled the room. Yuri walked over to the door and picked up the framed document certifying Anton’s successful completion of the FSB Anti-terrorism Training Program. He checked to see the glass was intact, and hung it back up on the wall. Then he turned, shot a quick glance at Sergei, and waited. 
Anton scooped the papers up off the floor, tossed them back into the file and sat down. He gestured to the two straight-backed chairs lined up against the wall between the windows. “Please.”
The men sat down.
Anton swiveled in his chair to face them. “You both want to rise in this department. What do you think? Zinovy has crossed the line. Tell me what is the next logical step?” He leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms.
The agents looked at each other, hesitating. Finally Sergei spoke. “It seems strange you would give him that assignment. You should know he would resist, under the circumstances.”
 “Of course I knew.”
“Then why—”
“Zinovy needs to learn that he is not in control. The last administration was lax. He has had his way for too long. This is a matter of personal and professional discipline. If Zinovy cannot obey an order from his superior—any order—he does not belong in this service. His refusal is tantamount to treason. He will be lucky if he gets away from this incident with his life.” 
Yuri hesitated. “I don’t know. Zinovy’s our top agent. I don’t see—”
“Not any more, he isn’t,” Anton said. “As of this moment, Zinovy is nothing.” He paused, allowing the statement to register. “It’s his own fault. He broke the cardinal rule when he mixed his balls with his business. That mistake has destroyed him.” 
Yuri frowned. “I don’t think Zinovy will go down that easily.”
“Oh yes? You watch how this will happen. While I’m in charge, discipline will be enforced in this agency.” Anton looked from one to the other, then he leaned forward.
“Here are your orders. Sergei, I want a tracker put on Zinovy immediately. I want to know every time he hiccups, do you understand?”
“How should—”
“Put it on his Kawasaki. Get the agent in their apartment building to do it. What’s his name? Goldov? Have him fix it in the garage as soon as Zinovy goes home today.” 
He turned to Yuri. “I want you to follow up on the woman.” He flipped the file open again and tapped her picture. “Goldov is supposed to be on her already, but you double check. I want to know when she leaves the apartment and where she goes. We don’t want that little chicken to fly the coop.” 
He paused, waiting for their response, getting none. “Did you hear me?” he said. “Go, now.”
* * *
Zinovy opened the door of his third floor apartment, scanned the passageway outside, then headed down the hall and into the dingy stairwell. The stench of old urine filled his nostrils. Two flights up he left the stairs and walked down the hall to number 59. The muted sound of music drifted from the room. Tchaikovsky, The Pathetique. 
He ran his tracer around the doorframe and got no signal. Nothing planted there yet. He scraped his Air Force ring across the door. He still had a key, but using it would surprise her into a response, and he wanted her quiet. 
The door opened a crack. He shoved it all the way, clapped his hand over her mouth and pushed inside, kicking the door closed behind him. Then he put a finger to his lips. When her eyes lost their terror, he released her and walked across the room to turn the radio up.
 “What are you doing?” She spoke with a mixture of amazement and anger.
He gazed at her loveliness, unaffected by the shapeless sweatsuit she’d changed into after her workday, and frowned. “Anton sent me to kill you.”
She stared at him. “He sent you?”
Zinovy nodded.
She straightened and the muscles in her jaw tightened. “Is that why you’re here?”
He moved to the side of the window and glanced out, checking for unusual shadows or movement. Then he drew the shade and turned to her. “Of course not. You should know better.”
“How could I know better? You’re a dedicated agent.” Her gaze was penetrating, and his eyes fell. She took a breath. “Then why are you here?” 
“To warn you.” 
“I don’t need a warning, Zinovy. I knew when I told him I was quitting he would try to kill me.” 
“Then we must plan.”
“I’ve made plans.” 
“But I must help. It’s different now.”
She shook her head. “No, it’s not.” Zinovy started to speak, but she stopped him with a decided shake of her head. “We’ve been there. There’s no going back.” 
He stared at her, unable to accept her words. 
She stood looking at him for a moment, then she walked to the kitchenette and continued the task he’d obviously interrupted. When she’d folded the rest of the laundry, she looked up. “Why you?” 
He shrugged. “It’s no secret. He hates me. He’s got some power now. He’s using it to screw me.”
“Does he know you’re not going to do it?”
He leaned against the wall and nodded. “I informed him.”
“So now, what about you?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t thought that far.” He watched her deft movements as she slipped a stack of dish towels into the drawer. Then he tried once more. “Are you sure you—”
“Yes, Zinovy, I told you.”
He folded his arms across his chest and sighed. Finally he asked,“Is it a boy or a girl?”
“It’s a boy.”
A pause.
“Did the picture show what he looks like?”
The lines around her mouth relaxed and she almost smiled. “No, Zinovy. His features are still forming.” She studied his face for a moment, then she did smile. “When he’s grown he will look like a Cossack warrior, with a mop of curly dark hair, a stern mouth and a firm chin that some woman will one day describe as stubborn.”
 He frowned. “Yes. He will certainly have the firm chin. He has no chance to avoid it.” She gave him a warning look and moved across the room to her bed, smoothing out the wrinkles and tucking the spread under the edge of the mattress. 
“When will you go?”
“Soon.”
“Where?”
“It’s best you don’t know.”
“Will you contact me?”
She shook her head. “I cannot. You know that. I have to disappear completely.” She carried the small laundry basket to the front door. “If you want to help, give me a head start. Let them think you decided to follow the orders. Tell them I’m dead.”
That was it. He should kiss her one last time, but the wall between them was thick, impenetrable, so he nodded instead and reached for the door handle. She turned away as he stepped through. His last sight of her was in profile, head bent, dark hair curled around one ear. Her right hand, the one that could have worn his ring, curved protectively around the small mound in her belly that was a part of himself. 
He closed the door behind him, looked up and down the hall, and slid a motion detector above her doorframe. Then he went back to his apartment, checked for recently installed devices above his own door, and went in to wait.
The alarm sounded thirty minutes later. He slipped a switchblade into his pocket and left the apartment, moving through the hallway to the stairwell and running three flights down to the exit he knew she would take. Stepping outside, he slid around the corner of the building, pulled his collar up against the chill wind of the early evening, and waited. A minute later she came out, dressed in a dark faux-fur coat and carrying nothing but a large handbag.
It had started to snow. Several inches already covered the ground, silencing her steps but marking her trail. She would be counting on the heavy flakes to cover it quickly. 
 She walked halfway down the street, checking behind her twice, before a dark figure stepped out of the doorway and started after her. Zinovy waited until the man had settled into a steady pace, slipping along the hedge bordering the narrow sidewalk, then he followed. Zinovy looked back, checking for a second shadowy tail behind him. Nothing. The man ahead plodded on without a backward glance. A good sign. 
The woman turned left at the corner, walked twenty paces, then crossed the street and continued down the other side. The tail faded into the hedge until she’d finished her reconnaissance, then he resumed his tracking, paralleling her movements from across the street.
She was headed for the metro. Once she reached the more populated area Zinovy would need to be closer. The tail was in the way. Time to deal with that.
Zinovy quickened his pace. He took the man from behind, wrapping an arm around his face and thrusting the knife through the jacket, feeling the resistance of the cartilage between the ribs before the blade slid home. He flipped the body behind a hedge and withdrew the knife, opening the wound, releasing the blood. Then he turned and wiped his blade clean against the new fallen snow, fighting hard against the waves of nausea rolling up through his gut. He wasn’t about to leave a DNA trail. 
He turned back to the body, ignoring the crimson fluid spreading across the ground, and fished through the pockets. The wallet contained a small wad of paper Euros. He pocketed the cash and tossed the wallet on the ground, scattering the cards. With luck, they’d think it was a mugging, and the blood would throw them off his trail.
He checked to see that the street was empty, then sped across, following the woman’s rapidly disappearing trail to the station. She was climbing the stairs when he arrived, moving between a group of night shift workers and a starushka in a bright red coat. She wouldn’t stay beside the red coat long. He cursed her training and picked up his pace, shortening the distance between them before she melted into the metro crowd completely.
She boarded the airport shuttle. He stepped into the train car behind hers, moving to a spot where he could see her leave in case she bolted. She stayed on all the way.
At the airport, he watched her buy a ticket, hoping to God she was using untraceable plastic. He breathed again when she headed, unmolested, to the security line up. Then he went to the window and bought his own ticket for a return trip to and from Moscow. 
He skipped the security line-up, pleased to discover his FSB ID had not yet been rescinded, and headed through the terminal, checking the waiting rooms as he went. She was sitting at Gate 17. No suspicious persons nearby. When her flight was called, she’d head off to the correct boarding area at the last minute. Then she’d be safely away to wherever she was going.
Satisfied, he headed to his own gate at the other end of the terminal, reaching it just as the last call for boarding reverberated over the intercom.
* * *
The Aeroflot flight on the ancient IL-96 took one hour but it felt like five. Zinovy resisted the urge to take over in the cockpit. He texted his contact: “mst c u. urgent. txt rdvx time & loc.” Then he busied himself with his handheld, reading the news and checking his messages. 
He cursed the lateness of the hour. Kostya would be home, either in bed with company or deep into the Vodka, in any case not reading his mail until morning. Tomorrow he’d be at work. They could meet there if necessary, but Zinovy much preferred a more neutral rendezvous location. A Russian agent roaming around the New World International Regime headquarters would be conspicuous. 
The plane landed at last and sat on the runway for another hour before releasing its passengers. Zinovy moved down the exit ramp behind a large woman with two small children and entered the terminal, looking around for inconspicuous lurkers in the waiting room before checking his handheld again. Still no reply. 
Resigned to an overnight stay, he hailed a taxi, directed the driver to the Baltschug, and made plans for a pre-dawn trip to the NWIR headquarters to intercept Kostya on his way to work the next day. 
He did not sleep well. It was the dreams—not nightmares, just vague images and undefined activity, confused and plotless, leaving him restless when he woke each time. The first was about the fetus. Her fetus. He was flying it somewhere, in an ice chest, like a transplant organ. He woke before he finished the mission, realizing as they entered a fog bank he had no idea where he was supposed to be going. 
In the second dream, he was searching for her, slogging through a forest, mired in mud up to his shins, climbing over roots and branches, aware he was getting farther away with each step. He woke with a start, sweating and shivering. He pulled his legs from the tangled bedcovers and squinted at the clock. O-Five hundred. Too early to get up but too late to go back to sleep. He showered and dressed and slipped out the door, checking the hallway for unusual activity before he headed down the elevator and out the door onto the street. 
The bridge was nearly deserted. One man trudged along on the other side of the road, hunched down in his collar, the bulge of a sidearm distorting the line of his coat—a security guard, heading to work at the Kremlin, its lights dim and hazy in the early morning fog up ahead. It was nearly six o'clock and still dark as midnight. 
Zinovy hated the city in winter. He didn't know what he hated most—the long, dark nights, the unrelenting snow, or the winds that howled through the steel and concrete canyons, always in his face, never at his back. He needed to be someplace warm and bright. 
Inside the Kremlin walls was a kiosk, just opening for the day. He ducked inside and ordered coffee, strong and black, and sat down on a stool in front of the window facing the street. He waited until 07:00 before calling Kostya’s landline. He cursed under his breath when the message machine came on, and sat for another two hours before getting a short, garbled text message, saying Kostya was heading to work. 
The clock over the entrance to the Kremlin read 09:35 when his comrade finally came plodding from the parking area. Zinovy headed over to intercept him. Kostya saw him coming and raised a hand. “Can’t talk now. Got to put in some work time before I can leave the office. We can meet at noon.” 
Zinovy caught a whiff of his friend’s unwashed breath as he passed by. So it had been a Vodka night. He spoke to the retreating back. “We need to talk. Soon. Are you sure you can’t—”
“No. I can’t.” He put his hand up again. “Don’t shout, Zinovy. My head is pounding.” 
“All right. Noon sharp then. I’ll meet you here.” Kostya waved without looking back. Zinovy watched until he’d disappeared through the double wooden doors that led to his office building inside the Kremlin wall, then he turned away, swearing. Two and a half hours to kill and his toes were already frozen. 
Zinovy spent two hours circling the Kremlin wall and the next forty minutes waiting impatiently in the Square, pacing back and forth in front of the Spasskaya clock. Kostya’s office was in a building just inside the entrance. A two-minute stroll to the gate. Zinovy checked his watch again and sat down on a rock wall, his eyes fixed on the door. 
At last Kostya emerged from the entranceway, shrugging more deeply into his coat as the wind outside the wall hit him in the face. Zinovy waited until he’d cleared the shadow of the tower, then fell into step beside him.
“Let’s go someplace warm,” Kostya said. “My Harley’s over here.”
 They crossed the parking lot to the corner section reserved for two-wheeled machines. Kostya unlocked the bike and climbed on, fastening his helmet over the fur cap that came down over his ears. Zinovy got on behind him, hunching down into his comrade’s broad back and pulling his jacket up over his head as they eased out of the parking area and picked up speed through the square. 
Zinovy cringed as Kostya bullied his way through the traffic jam at the intersection and zipped down Znamenka, banking left and right around cars and buses and scattering at least three groups of tourists who didn’t know that crossing the street in Moscow was a proven method of committing suicide. 
A red light finally stopped them at Arbatskaya. Four impatient, roaring revs of the engine, a green light, a leaning left, a right, and another left, then a short sprint down the street before Kostya slowed down and squeezed his bike into a six-foot space between two American-made cars parked in front of the Hard Rock Café. Zinovy climbed off the bike and wiped his brow with his sleeve.
Inside, they found a table next to the wall and shrugged out of their coats. Zinovy breathed deeply, warming his lungs with the smell of burned coffee grounds and hot grease. Busy chatter, a mixture of English and Russian, drowned out the background music, a jukebox jumble of American songs from the 1960’s. Kostya ordered a hamburger with strong black coffee, and Zinovy ordered fish and chips. 
When the waitress left, Zinovy leaned forward and filled Kostya in on the events of the previous day. As he spoke, he studied his friend’s face, watching for any gleam of enlightenment to dawn in the bleary grey eyes, but he finished his story without detecting the slightest sign of intelligent life. 
Kostya looked at him and frowned. “Let me get this straight. Anton ordered you to kill Nadya, and you refused.”
“What else could I do? I couldn’t kill Nadya.”
“And you didn’t just say a simple ‘No.’ You told him he was insane. No, wait. You yelled at him and told him he was insane.”
“He is insane. How he ever got into that position I’ll never understand.”
“That is not the point. The point is that you told him so in a very loud voice.”
Zinovy said nothing.
“Just what were you planning as your next move?”
Zinovy shrugged. “I wasn’t planning a next move. It came up too quickly.”
Kostya studied his face for a moment. Then he said, “Zinovy Efimovich, you are an idiot.”
Zinovy frowned. “That is neither here nor there. What we have to do now is fix things. Nadya is the most important consideration. We have to make sure he can’t get at her. What can you do about that?”
The waitress came to splash refills into their cups and left again. Kostya took a swallow of coffee, grimaced, and rubbed his forehead. “I can put out a regime protection edict on her. That should cover it.” 
“How long will that take? It needs to happen right away.”
“I can do it when I get back to the office. Don’t worry. That’s the easy part. It’s you I don’t know what to do with. We need to get you away for a while. Give things in your office a cooling off period.”
Zinovy leaned back, stretched his legs out from under the table, and waited, relieved to see a glint of shrewdness flash beneath his protector’s droopy eyelids at last. The coffee was working.
 Kostya stared at the ceiling for a moment, moving his eyes around the edge of the fragmented mirror above them and finally settling his attention on the golden globes dangling from its center. Then he sat up and snapped his fingers. “That’s it,” he said. “I’ve got it.” He leaned toward Zinovy and lowered his voice. “We need a cosmonaut on the space station for the next few weeks. Gregor was supposed to go up, but he fell on the ice Sunday and broke his wrist. I just got the order yesterday to find a replacement.”
“The space station?”
 Kostya nodded. “You still have your certification, don’t you?”
“Yes. It’s good for another six months.”
“That’ll do. You’ll only be up for a month or so.”
“What’s going on?”
“The Regime is abandoning the station. They have to bring all the equipment back down, and our government wants their own man up there to make sure everything that belongs to us gets back okay.”
“You’re joking. Why would the Supreme Commander abandon the station? I thought he just bought a new shuttle. The space program is his pet project.”
“Was his pet project. Things are different now. I think he might be hurting financially.”
“That’s impossible. He’s got all the money in the—”
“He’s got control of the money, yes, but it’s all on paper. The whole system is screwed now that it’s all under one, very controlling individual. I’m suspecting he’s got a real cash flow problem.”
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. “Be careful what you say, my friend. You work for the guy, and he’s got ears everywhere.” 
 Kostya looked around, frowning at the table full of rowdy tourists beside them, and spoke in a low growl. “Something’s happening with the Regime, Zinovy. Fifty packets stamped Top Secret have passed over my desk in the last two weeks. That’s five times the normal traffic. There’s something fishy going on in Babylon right now—something big and bad. I don’t know what it is, but it smells all the way to Moscow.” 
They downed the cold dregs of their coffee and stood to leave. Zinovy pulled the dead operative’s Euros out of his pocket and tossed them on top of the tab the waitress had left on their table. On second thought, he reached down and retrieved a couple of the bills. Waitresses tended to remember big tippers.
On the way out the door, Zinovy thought quickly. “When would I leave?”
“You need to be ready by this weekend.” Kostya pulled the Harley keys out of his pocket. “But that works well for you. The sooner you get out of Anton’s reach, the better.” He looked up and shook his head. “You’re a lucky man, Zinovy. You must have a guardian angel up there somewhere. Six or seven, maybe. It would take that many to keep you from destroying yourself by your reckless stupidity. What have you done with your brain?”
Zinovy put an arm around Kostya’s shoulders and squeezed. “You’re my guardian angel, comrade. Once again you have saved my shkooru.”
 Kostya shoved away from the bear hug and pulled his earflaps down. “You better smarten up, my friend. One of these days you’ll use up all your guardian angels. Then where will you be?” 
 They parted beside the Harley. Kostya took off up the street toward the Kremlin, and Zinovy trotted to the metro station at the end of the block. Downstairs, he took the airline ticket from his inside pocket and threw it in the trash. Then he caught the metro to the light rail station and bought a ticket on the afternoon train to St. Petersburg. He was back in his apartment by 19:00. He pulled off his jacket and put the knife in the drawer of his table, checking first to make sure it was clean, and headed upstairs. In Nadya’s apartment, he made a sandwich out of leftover chicken from the fridge and wandered over to look out her window as he ate it. 
The lids were down on the dumpsters, their contents no longer bulging over the tops. He finished the sandwich, wiped his hands on his slacks, and sat down to e-mail Anton. 
“Assignment completed. No photographic evidence. You will find the body in the third dumpster to the north behind the apartment building, unless the trucks came by last night.” It would take them two days to verify the location of the garbage in the landfill site, and another three to sift through it for the body. By that time, he should be gone. 
He took one last look around the apartment, checking to make sure she hadn’t left anything incriminating. She would have cleaned it thoroughly, but a second run over the area wouldn’t hurt. He walked to the kitchen counter and picked up the notepad. No indentations in the clean page on the top, and nothing beneath it. A handbag she’d been carrying sat on the end of the couch. He picked it up and found the tracking device she’d obviously discovered in the lining. He carried the bag to her closet and stowed it on the top shelf beside a pair of sandals. 
He moved to the bookcase against the wall and ran his eyes over the titles. Two English books—a copy of Plato’s Republic and something by Kafka. He pulled them out and readjusted the bookends. Neither would be acceptable to the Regime—Plato too Western and Kafka too Jewish. She should have disposed of them long ago. He grunted, remembering the arguments they’d had about Kafka. She was sure the man was a brilliant philosopher, in spite of the irrationality of his writings. 
Zinovy moved to the window and pulled the drapes together. Then he turned out the lights and left with the books under his arm, locking the door behind him. 
The next morning he found a tracker on his KLR. He left it there, riding dutifully to and from work for the next two days, parking in the garage at night under the watchful eye of whatever agent they had assigned to replace the mole he’d disposed of. 
At work, he avoided Anton and treated everyone else with disdain, playing the part of the disgruntled government employee. It was not difficult.
On Friday morning, he got orders to report to Canaveral. 
By Saturday night, he was in Orlando, where he bought three pairs of underwear and got his hair cut. 
On Sunday, he received a scalding text message from Anton, which he deleted, and on Monday he boarded the Regime’s expensive new shuttle and took off for the Space Station.




CHAPTER TWO
“Chyort!” Zinovy leaned on the rail of his bunk and pounded his fist into the mattress. Then he picked up his Personal Comm Unit and read the message again.

BEGIN MEMO
To: Zinovy Efimovich Kozlov 
From: Special Security Services
Re: Termination Notice
This is to inform you that your position with Federalnaya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti, Special Security Services, has hereby been terminated. Your refusal to accept the assignment given you on 4th December of this year constitutes a level of insubordination that cannot be tolerated. The discharge is in effect immediately.
This dismissal will nullify any pension benefits you might have accrued during your time with the military, including your service in the Air Force, as well as your twelve years with the FSB. Due to the sensitive nature of your work, any awards or commendations you may have received in the past will also be cancelled.
Be advised that the discharge does not constitute a release from your duty to the Regime. You will receive orders regarding future deployment in due time. Meanwhile, for security reasons, all record of your service with this government department will be erased.
Signed: General Anton Vasiliev 
Special Security Services 
Federalnaya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti 
END MEMO
So Anton had pulled it off. Clever of the dirty gneeda. Right out of the old administrator’s handbook: give the field agent you want to get rid of an assignment you know he won’t do. 
Checkmate. 
He studied the small screen, thinking fast. Kostya was supposed to have prevented this. He hit the forward button, typed in “wtf??” and sent the message on to him. Then he turned back to his mailbox.
A file was attached to Anton’s message. Absently, he opened it, and his gut twisted as the image of a slaughtered woman burned itself into his mind—the splayed limbs, the long gash slashing through the swollen belly, the infant’s tiny head and one arm bursting out of the womb, covered in blood still spurting from the woman’s severed jugular. And Nadya’s beautiful, blood-stained face, a faint look of surprise still registering in her half-open eyes. 
He slammed the unit shut, raced to the toilet, and shoved his head in the urinal. He kept it there, visions of the blood mingling with the vomit, until there was nothing left to lose. Then he reeled out of the compartment, wiping his mouth on his sleeve, and bumped into Eric Glaston. 
The Aussie clapped a hand on his shoulder. “Whoa there, Kimosabe. Watch your step. You’re not the only one on this floating tub of nanotubes.” The young engineer stepped around him and moved down the corridor, whistling. 
Waves of raw emotion rolled over Zinovy as the bloody image continued to vibrate behind his eyes. Anton had done this deliberately, ordering the assassins to kill her this way and document the results, in full color, for his benefit. He stumbled down the passageway to his berth and picked up the comm unit. Where on earth was Kostya? 
As if in answer to his question, an automatic reply to the forwarded message bounced onto his screen: “Address unknown. User no longer available.” He groaned, then he reopened the attachment and forced himself to look at the image of Nadya again, soaking up the bright crimson redness, letting it seep into his soul and feed the anger. A firm resolve flowed into his heart and hardened, like molten steel hissing in a water bath. 
Anton had signed his own death warrant.
Zinovy stumbled back to his quarters and rested his forehead on the edge of the bunk, breathing deeply, ordering his heart to stop pounding. He must go carefully. First he had to survive. The message said he’d receive orders in due time. Vague. Very vague. Zinovy knew why. Anton wouldn’t wait until he came home to do it. Someone would be dispatched into space to kill him. 
Maybe it had already been arranged. He frowned again, trying to remember. A serviceman had been up last week installing that Rassvat camera. He could have planted a mechanism anywhere, in any form. A time-release pellet in the food rations. A poison dart in his kit bag. A robotic insect in his bedding.
He ran his fingers over the blanket covering his empty bunk, lifted each corner of the mattress. Nothing. But insects on the station would stand out like pigs at a bar mitzvah. It would be something less obvious, some new device. There were many to choose from. 
But then it could be something more primitive. Zinovy looked at his hands, flexing the fingers. Hands had always been the most reliable method. Anton wouldn’t have access to an assassin’s hands on the shuttle. Unless. 
The others. Could one of them . . . ? He ran through the list, checking them off. 
Charles Carter. The fat American. They’d met once before, when Zinovy had been assigned the duty of “escorting” him around Moscow during a scientific exchange program. Carter hated his guts, but he wasn’t smart enough to be an undercover agent. Carter couldn’t cover his belly, let alone a secret mission to kill an FSB-trained operative who was a head taller and in top condition.
What about Eric Glaston, the engineer? No. It wouldn’t be him. The boy was too emotional, too volatile. Everything he felt erupted from his mouth, and he was too young to have been trained as thoroughly as he’d need to be for this job anyway. 
Archie Berry, the mission commander? He was old enough—frown wrinkles deep in his forehead, slightly balding, hair gray at the temples. Not as transparent as Carter. Rational. Seemingly dedicated to the mission he led. No hint of a hidden agenda, though Zinovy had little knowledge of his life apart from the last twenty-one days. Uncertain.
The two women, Grace Chang and Ellen Rudzinski? No. Both harmless. Chang spoke often of her family back home, and Rudzinski spoke constantly, always about herself. No agent would be so carelessly verbal, and the worlds of both were too small to include espionage.
That left the shuttle pilot, Dan Redmond. No indication of any secrets, but that was what made an agent good. Zinovy frowned, thinking back over the pilot’s actions since they’d come up together three weeks ago. His focus was his ship. He spent all his time polishing, tooling, rearranging everything that wasn’t fastened down. Not the profile of a killer.
If it were not hands, it would have to be a device—something planted and left behind. Something devious. Anton knew the skill of his enemy, and the caution that had kept him alive for thirty-eight years. The device would be well hidden. It would probably also inflict pain.
Zinovy grimaced. He didn’t fear death, but he’d be damned if it came before he finished Anton off. He drew in three deep breaths. It would not happen. Not on his watch. And not on Anton’s either. 
He turned and walked down the hallway. Grace Chang and Ellen Rudzinski came out of the command center as he was going in, their arms full of clothing. He stepped aside so they could pass. They nodded and smiled. Chang, petite and delicate, slipped easily by him, her dark hair dipping over her eyes with her nod; Rudzinski squeezed by with an apologetic smile, her big-boned, Slavic body awkward in the small space. That one had hands that could be dangerous, but the apology in her smile was genuine. Definitely not the hit man type. 
The women’s conversation floated over the sound of their soft shoes padding through the module as they went into the docking module. They were talking about the trip home.
It occurred to him that Anton could fix his problem by simply arranging for cancellation of the return trip. He obviously had connections in the Regime. He’d done away with Kostya. No telling how far his slimy tentacles reached up the Regime chain of command. 
Zinovy checked his watch. They were scheduled to abandon the station in less than twelve hours. “Due time,” Anton had said. Due time had come and gone. Perhaps a message rescinding their return orders already sat in Archie Berry’s mailbox.
Zinovy walked into the command center and leaned against the wall by the door. Eric Glaston and Dan Redmond looked up. Glaston saluted, then went back to work sending reports to the authorities below, and Redmond turned back to the manual he’d been reading. A minute later Berry walked into the room, sat down beside Glaston and hit a button on the keyboard. Zinovy folded his arms and waited for Berry’s reaction. It wasn’t long in coming. The commander clicked one more key, sat unmoving for ten seconds, then slammed his fist on the console and whirled around. “All right, people,” he announced. “We’ve got another spacewalk to do.”
Zinovy straightened. A spacewalk? 
“We can’t do a spacewalk,” Glaston said. “We’re twelve hours away from separation.”
Berry ran his hand through his hair. “I know, but the order just came in.” He swore. “I wish these guys would get their act together. Why couldn’t they have told us sooner?” 
“What do they want?” Redmond asked.
“We have to retrieve that camera they installed last week, the one monitoring Rassvet.” 
“That’s crazy,” Glaston said. “A camera’s not that valuable. What’s up?”
Berry shrugged. “Something about a design flaw they want to investigate.” He turned to Zinovy. “You’re going to have to do this. They want it to be a Russian operation.”
Zinovy froze. “Who ordered this retrieval?”
“Regime Command sent the order.”
“I know that, but what department placed the order? Was it the FSB?”
Berry scratched his head. “I think so. Why?”
“No reason.” He’d wondered why the Russians had installed a new camera on a station about to be abandoned. Mystery solved. It would be a bomb, probably. Not an obvious plant. There would be an unexplained explosion. Something gone wrong with the equipment on the arm housing the camera. His mistake. An unfortunate accident. 
His mind raced, searching for a way to avoid the exercise, but he could think of none. Berry knew nothing of Anton’s vendetta, and telling him would lead to complicated explanations Zinovy wasn’t ready to give. Explanations wouldn’t convince him anyway. The commander might grumble about the timing, but he was a company man and would insist the order be followed.
Glaston put his cup down and stepped forward. “I’ll go with you.” 
“No, you won’t. I don’t need help.”
“You’ll take him, Zinovy. No one does a space crawl outside this station without a buddy. You know my rules about that.” The commander turned away, dictating over his shoulder. “Get your suits on. Make it quick. I want you both back here in two hours.” 
* * *
It took them forty-five minutes to suit up and acclimate to the environment. “This is ridiculous,” Glaston said as he strapped the SAFER propulsion system onto his life-support backpack. “Those dipsticks down below have no idea how this business works. They sit on their fat behinds and give us impossible orders. They’re probably sipping their lattes right now and wondering what’s taking us so long to report back.”
Berry came into the module to check on their preparations. “You’re using the EMU’s aren’t you? No sense in dragging an umbilical around for such a short trip.” 
Zinovy nodded, saying nothing. 
“Just make sure your tethers are attached,” the commander added. Then he stepped back into the station and closed the hatch. 
The click of the lock sliding into place reverberated like a death knell in Zinovy’s ears. Tethering was the least of his worries. He collected his tools and looked around. If he could find something that might serve as a shield . . . . Ah. He reached up and disengaged the titanium cover from a control box on the wall. 
“What on earth are you taking that for?” Glaston asked.
“It might prove useful,” Zinovy said. “The real question is, what am I taking you for?” 
“Man, you’re a cranky dude. You take life way too serious.”
“That’s why I’m still alive, beermat.”
They clamped their helmets on, opened the hatch, and stepped out into the dark void. If he hadn’t been distracted by the danger that lay before him, Zinovy would have enjoyed this last spacewalk. Space was a comrade—vast, to be sure, but predictable—a macrocosm of his own reality. Everything in it could be explained rationally. 
Glaston’s voice jolted Zinovy from his reverie. “What’s the holdup?” 
No holdup, Zinovy thought. Only the probability that they were heading toward instant death. He grunted and moved forward. 
They inched along the outside of the ship toward the end of the limb and Glaston continued his diatribe. “You’ve got to get over this go-it-alone thing, Zinovy. Life doesn’t work that way. You’re not the Lone Ranger, you know.”
Eighty feet from the end of the limb, Zinovy stopped. “You stay here. They say I have to do this, remember?”
“Okay. Holler if you need me.”
Zinovy pushed on, sliding his tether along the rail, looking back after five handholds to make sure Glaston stayed put. No sense in two of them going down if the disable didn’t work. It had to be a bomb. Probably triggered by movement. 
Fifteen feet from his destination, he stopped to position the titanium panel in front of his body. The makeshift shield wouldn’t protect him completely, but it might help if the blast were not extensive. 
Five more handholds and he was there. He stopped, slid his tether into place, and peered at the mounting mechanism. No obvious trigger device or trip wires. Not surprising. Visible detonators were dinosaurs. These would be electronic. He squinted up under the hood, looking for flashes of light that might indicate a sensor of some kind. Nothing. He ran his hands over the outside, avoiding the bolts that held the casing in place. Nothing unusual. Obviously not a motion sensor or the bomb would have gone off by now. 
Maybe he was wrong. Maybe the camera wasn’t hot. Maybe they would do it another way. But, no. He knew Anton. The squat, pimply-faced commander would be sitting in front of his plasma screen this minute, watching, his beady eyes gleaming. Zinovy leaned over and stared into the lens, resisting the urge to raise his middle finger. Then he reached around to the switch at the back and turned the camera off. He smiled, picturing the scene back home. Anton would be fuming, yelling at his lackeys, trying to get the reception back. 
He consciously slowed his heartbeat and turned back to the device. The detonator must be in the coupling mechanism. He slid his hand under the hood and groped for the first of the four pins. He took a deep breath and loosened it, cringing at the first turn. Nothing happened. He moved on to the second pin. It came loose with no resistance. The third pin was closer. He tucked the titanium shield up under his arms and reached in with both hands, still searching, instinctively, for something out of the ordinary. 
Too late, he found it, feeling the resistance of the magnetic field an instant before his world exploded. 
* * *
Zinovy’s scrambled brain struggled to make sense of the sounds rattling around inside his helmet. A voice. A loud voice, yelling something. 
He opened his eyes and squinted at the blurry scene before him. The space station. Ah, yes. He’d been working on the outside. But something was wrong. He could see the whole Kirlian arm, sticking out like a giant tentacle from the core module, and it was too far away.
Again he heard the sounds, now translated into words: “Zinovy! Activate your rocket pack! Zinovy, are you there? Wake up! Get hold of your propulsion system.”
His head swam, but the meaning of the words finally penetrated. He reached for the MMU controller arms and turned the system on. Immediately he felt the forward thrust against his outward movement. The station receded more slowly now, but it was still growing smaller.
He readjusted the controls to release the maximum amount of propellant. Again he slowed, but he didn’t stop. The propulsion units were designed to allow for independent movement in space, not counter the force of a bomb blast. 
Now he remembered. A bomb had gone off. Thank God for the tether. 
Zinovy reached down and tugged on the twenty-meter line. Still slack. That didn’t make sense. He had to be more than twenty meters from the station. He tugged again, then watched with a flicker of horror as the frayed end of his tether streamed out in the distance, the tatters outspread like the hand of a child reaching for a parent. The blast must have severed the cord at its base where he’d positioned it just under the camera-mounting device. 
His heart froze. Incrementally, inexorably, he moved farther away. Glaston was now half his normal size, waving madly, still shouting, his words distorted by static and unintelligible to Zinovy’s agitated mind. So this was it. Anton would have his way after all. 
Zinovy closed his eyes, images of empty space flashing across the back of his brain. What would it feel like to die like this? Certainly no pain. A headache, perhaps, before the final loss of consciousness after the oxygen was gone. The thought that Anton would not get everything he wanted was bittersweet. He opened his eyes again, unable to resist watching the end of his life.
Then, suddenly—movement—fast movement. Glaston shot toward him, hands outstretched as if to add thrust to his reach. He must have ignited his MMU full force. Zinovy watched as he came closer. He would not make it. Zinovy had too much of a lead. But he came anyway, and his hands were now reaching deliberately, slowly but surely, toward that frayed end of Zinovy’s tether.
A glimmer of hope forced its way into Zinovy’s consciousness. The distance between Glaston’s hand and the line was shortening. If only he made contact before . . . 
Zinovy squinted through his visor at Glaston’s tether, whipping out behind him, straightening, not taut yet, but close. His mind measured the length, compared it with the space between his own tether’s end and Glaston’s hand. Would the distances match? 
No. 
Zinovy groaned as Glaston’s tether straightened to a sharp line, stopping him within inches of a rescue, ending hope, sealing Zinovy’s fate. 
But, wait. Glaston was fiddling with his gear, releasing his tether and moving forward, reaching out once more for Zinovy’s line as his own drifted away in the still atmosphere behind him. 
Glaston’s propulsion had slowed. His fuel was depleting. But he was gaining, ever so slowly, on Zinovy’s lifeline. Zinovy’s life was being measured in inches, in seconds.
Finally Glaston’s fingers closed around the end of Zinovy’s line. He whipped one loop over his wrist, adjusted the thrust of his propulsion, and they both stopped, abruptly, then hung, motionless in the dark emptiness of space. Zinovy closed his eyes and took a deep breath, relief washing over him.
Glaston switched his unit to full power and they both began moving back toward the station. The boy waited until he’d reached the railing, then he reeled Zinovy in like a big fish. “I told you you needed me,” he said when his catch was close enough. “What would you have done if I hadn’t been along? What happened anyway? I saw this flash of light, and then you were shooting away like a rocket. What did you do to that camera unit?” 
Zinovy’s mind whirled at the chatter, which continued non-stop as they worked their way back into the docking unit. By the time he’d shrugged out of his suit, Zinovy’s arms shook, and when he stood his knees buckled. Glaston caught him before he fell. He pushed the boy away. “I can do this.” He gritted his teeth, willed his legs to function, and hobbled from the module through the hatch and into the station where he collapsed into Daniel Redmond’s arms.
“What the . . . ” The pilot struggled to support Zinovy’s weight as he eased him to the floor. Zinovy looked up into the probing eyes of his colleagues and groaned.
* * *
 “Check him out, Ellen,” Berry said. 
Rudzinski touched his face, lifted one eyelid, then the other. She ran her hands down his arms, his legs. “Nothing’s broken. He’s got a slight concussion, and he’s in shock. He needs to be kept warm.”
The commander stood. “Okay. Haul him off to his bunk. I’ve got to call in and report this.”
“No.” Zinovy struggled to a sitting position, ignoring the fireworks going off in his head. “You can’t report this.”
“What do you mean? You could have been killed.”
“If you tell them I’m still alive we’ll all be killed.”
Berry stopped and turned around. He stared down at Zinovy. “What exactly happened out there?” 
Zinovy sighed and rubbed his forehead, cringing as his fingers touched a tender spot on his left temple. “It wasn’t an accident. A bomb went off.”
Berry looked at Glaston, then back at Zinovy. “Explain,” he said. “Why would there be a bomb, and how—”
“I was supposed to be killed in the blast. If you report that I survived, the department will make another attempt, and the next attempt will probably involve all of you.”
“This is crazy,” Charles Carter said. “The guy is obviously delirious.”
Berry ignored the remark. “What department, Zinovy? Who wants you dead, and why?”
“Someone in the FSB wants me dead. It’s not important why. It’s only important you let them think their plan worked.”
“If he’s telling the truth, I’d say it’s for sure important we know why. The government doesn’t kill off people for no reason.” Carter leaned down and stuck his nose in Zinovy’s face. “What did you do to deserve this?”
Zinovy glared up at him. “That’s my business. I’m just telling you the problem.”
Carter stood, looked at Berry and smiled. “There’s a simple solution to the problem, you know. If the government wants him dead, we could—” 
Grace Chang spoke up. “That’s not funny, Charles.”
“Well I’m tired of his sneaking around all the time, looking over his shoulder as if we were all the enemy and he’s got some deep, dark secret. Maybe he’s the enemy and we should get rid of him.”
“The Russians wanting him dead doesn’t necessarily make him our enemy,” Glaston pointed out. “They aren’t exactly known for killing off only the bad guys.”
“Well if he’s so innocent, why all the mystery?”
Zinovy frowned up at the American through bleary eyes, then turned to Berry. “If you must report the incident, at least make them think I was killed. If they think they succeeded we’ll all be safe.”
“I can’t lie to my superiors, Zinovy.”
“You wouldn’t be lying to your superiors. You’d be lying to mine. And you’d better get used to lying if you want to survive. It’s sometimes necessary in this world, in case you hadn’t noticed.” He slumped to the floor. “Do what you like. I’m tired of arguing.”
Silence filled the room. Finally Berry said, “I have to think about this. I’ll hold off reporting for a while. The Speech from the Throne begins in four hours. Everyone’s gearing up for that, so maybe the report can wait.” He studied Zinovy for a moment, then spoke to the others. “Give him something for his headache and put him in his bunk, then get back to work. We’ve still got lots to do before re-entry.” He turned to go, then looked back, “Zinovy, try to get some sleep. I want you up and around for the speech. I’ve got an uneasy feeling about this message. Something’s not right down there, and I want to know what’s going on before we arrive back in the middle of it.”
* * *
Zinovy didn’t sleep. He needed to plan. The Speech from the Throne would not be a distraction to Anton. If Berry didn’t report on the success of the camera retrieval within the next hour, they’d be calling him to find out what had happened. 
Zinovy closed his eyes and watched the stars dancing behind his eyelids as he pondered the situation. Nothing would be resolved, even if they thought he was dead. He’d still have to get off the shuttle when they landed, and that would be a major difficulty. 
He considered the options, all ridiculously impossible. He could stay back while the others disembarked and try to sneak out during the post-landing procedures. 
No. That wouldn’t work. Cameras would be all over the place. 
He could go out in a body bag, and somehow escape from the morgue. 
No. That wouldn’t work either. They wouldn’t be expecting to get his body back. It should be in several pieces, floating around in space. 
He might just stow away in a trash container and let the maintenance guys haul him out during clean up. He grimaced at the indignity of that kind of escape, but it was probably the best idea.
The curtains beside him moved and Berry stuck his head in. “I decided to call the base.” 
“What did they say?”
“They expressed their deep condolences on the loss of one of our crew members.”
Zinovy released a long, slow breath. “You did the right thing.”
Berry shrugged. “I don’t know. There’ll be hell to pay when you show up at the landing.”
“No worries. I’ll come up with a plan. At least I’ve got some time.”
Berry pulled the curtains shut and Zinovy continued his musing. If they hauled him out with the trash, he’d still need to get off the base. Security was tight around the complex, but it would be focused on people trying to get in. If he could find a uniform he might be able to walk out. 
He could hitch a ride from there. Across the Causeway would be best. Less traffic than the main bridge. The Causeway would take him to Cocoa. He’d need land transportation to get on up the coast, and air transport back to St. Petersburg. Then . . . . He’d make his own plans “in due time.” 
He needed money. Accessing his bank account would alert the department. They’d probably already frozen his assets anyway. 
He frowned. There must be a way. Someone would lend him money. Someone he could trust. Vladimir or Markov would help, but they’d be hard to contact without alerting Anton that he was still around . . . . 
“Zinovy, wake up.” 
“Huh?” The world around him shook. 
“Wake up. Archie wants you in the command center. The speech is in five minutes.” 
Zinovy sat up, ducking to avoid the storage compartment above his bunk. He put his hand to his head. The pill Rudzinski had given him had worked. The pain was gone. He slid out of bed on legs that felt like rubber, but at least they supported his weight. He shuffled down the passageway and into the command center just as Berry called the crew to the video monitor. Zinovy looked at his watch. Almost midnight, March 31st, New Year’s Eve by the seven-year-old Regime calendar.
Back on earth, all except essential government personnel were celebrating the New Year holiday at home. The Supreme Commander had issued the order. No transit was to operate; no cars on the roads; no planes flying. His message was being broadcast, live, at 23:30, Regime Central Time, directly from the capitol in Babylon.
Redmond, Chang and Carter trailed into the command center as Glaston booted up the monitor. Berry and Rudzinski were already there, lined up against the wall where they could see the screen.
“Do we have to hear this?” Carter said. “That mess with Zinovy wasted time. I’ve still got stuff to do.” 
Berry shushed him. “Get comfortable, guys. I want you to focus. Those reports we’ve been getting about the ruckus in the Middle East are disturbing, and I want to hear what he has to say about it.”
“We’re going to Florida, not the Middle East. I don’t see what the big deal is.”
Glaston glanced over his shoulder at Carter. “That’s why he’s the commander and you’re just a lowly payload specialist.”
“Shh. Quiet. Eric, turn up the volume. He’s coming to the podium.”
The speech began with all the usual— “We have made great progress . . . thank you for your cooperation . . . global efforts . . . great strides forward . . . .” Zinovy’s mind wandered. He’d heard it all before and he had more important things to think about. He moved to the viewport and looked down at the earth below, ignoring the noise. His headache was gone, but his problems weren’t. 
The Supreme Commander’s voice droned on. “In a few moments, the Global Regime will enter a new year. This year will dawn fresh and clean—bathed in peace and prosperity. No remnants of discord or dissention will mar the glorious future ahead of us. The end of the old year will mark the end of all peoples in this global community who refuse to embrace that global peace. This government cannot allow the wellbeing of the human race to be jeopardized by the traitorous insubordination of a few individuals who are unwilling to become a part of the wider community.”
Zinovy turned and looked at the monitor. “Citizens loyal to the state have nothing to fear. The detonations are strategically placed. Only those who threaten global security by their rebellious acts will die. 
Detonations?
“If you are with us, you are protected and you will rejoice. If you are not, your lives must be sacrificed for the good of all.”
As the words penetrated, shock waves began to roll over Zinovy’s mind, erasing all thoughts of his immediate problems and replacing them with a growing general alarm. 
The voice went on: “If you are among the dissenters, you will die quickly and painlessly. Do not try to run. You are in the place you should be. If it gives you comfort, you may consider yourselves martyrs to the cause of universal peace. I will speak again to those who remain when the new year has begun.” 
Then the countdown started: “Ten, nine, eight . . . ” Zinovy held his breath, tensing with each flicker on the sound graph at the bottom of the screen. “ . . . six, five, four . . . ”
The next number didn’t come. A static blast cut off the Supreme Commander’s strident voice, the screen went blank, and silence flooded the room. The flash came seconds later—a burst of white light that lit up the darkness of space behind them, then settled down into a dull, red glow that played around the edges of the windows and tinged the light in the cabin blood-red. 
The crew stood like statues, fastened to the floor, their minds locked in a blind stupor. Eric Glaston was the first to move. “What the . . . ?” He sprinted to the controls, punched some keys, and looked up to the monitor as if he expected it to reawaken at the force of his touch. 
“Fix it,” Berry ordered.
“I’m trying.”
“It’s no use.” Zinovy spoke with quiet authority. 
Berry whipped around. “What did you say?”
“I said it’s no use. The communications equipment isn’t the problem.” He nodded toward the viewport. The others moved toward him and he stepped aside, looking over their shoulders at the blood-tinged darkness outside. Below them, barely visible at the porthole’s angle, the earth’s horizon loomed dark and blurry, larger than it should be and shrouded in a thick, glowing, reddish-brown cloud. 
“My God,” Chang said. “What’s happened?”
“That cloud—it’s so deep it has to go all the way around the earth,” Glaston said.
They studied the half-moon shape of the glow below, silent, again, in their shock.
“The Supreme Commander—” Rudzinski finally said. “He’s done this.” She turned away from the window. “He’s destroyed the whole planet!”
Chang whirled, her features distorted with pain, the vision of a great personal turmoil etched on her face. “My babies,” she wailed. 
Zinovy was nearest. She fell into his arms. He caught her, not sure his unsteady legs would hold them both. She sobbed into his shoulder—great, wracking sobs that penetrated Zinovy’s chest, unsettling him with their intensity. He tore her clawing fingers away and turned her toward Rudzinski, who reached out, her own eyes glazed with shock and confusion. 
The commander took one look out the viewport and returned to the communications console. “Keep working, Eric. I want an explanation.” Zinovy moved to the central bank of controls and studied the gauges. Everything on the station seemed in order. Monitor lights were all on. He glanced over the images of the external station systems. Both port and starboard voltaic arrays were there. The thermal control panel, the science power platform, the centrifuge accommodation module—all were in place. The communications systems . . . . 
He tensed. Could Anton be watching? Then, for the first time, it dawned on him. Anton existed no more. A wave of regret coursed through him. He stood, unmoving, trying to absorb the implications. He swore. He’d been robbed. Someone else had stolen his right to seek revenge. 
He needed to hit something. Hard. Nothing suitable was nearby. He needed to get control of this situation. No way presented itself. All he could do now was hope Anton’s last breath had been agonizingly painful. 
He breathed deeply and turned around. Across the room, Grace Chang sat in a chair, overcome with emotion. The other crew members had scrambled to their stations. Charles Carter spoke from the bank of earth science monitors. “Archie, check out these seismic readings. A major quake has hit down there—or several—right at the time the video cut out, see?” He pointed: “Here, and here, and here. All the major plates must have been involved.”
“That would explain the interruption in communication signals. If a quake happened close enough to the transfer station—”
An exclamation from Ellen Rudzinski brought them to another set of earth monitors. “Look, Archie. I’ve never seen radiation levels this high.” 
The commander put his hands on his hips. “It’s got to be a problem with our data receivers. Grace, didn’t you say there were anomalies in Van Allen belt activity yesterday? That could explain both the radiation data and the interruption in electronic reception.”
“But it doesn’t explain the mushroom cloud around the earth.” They turned and stared at Zinovy. “We can’t pretend. What’s happened has happened down there.” He inclined his head. Quiet filled the cabin as his six companions digested the truth. 
Glaston stood at the viewport. “Archie, come look at this.”
Berry moved to stand beside him and took the scope from Glaston’s hand. He stood for a long while, looking through the lens. Zinovy wandered over as well. Even without the scope he could see enough of the glowing mass hugging the curve of the planet to make the flesh crawl on the back of his neck. 
Berry lowered the glass and squinted, naked-eyed, at the edge of the globe. “The size is off,” he said, as if to himself. “It shouldn’t be that large. And that haziness around the edge is weird. There’s no definition.” He turned to the shuttle pilot. “Dan, how far out would you guess the edge of that haze is, from the earth I mean?”
 “I’d say about . . . ” Redmond paused, rubbing his temple. “Twenty, maybe thirty nautical miles. I don’t know. Maybe not quite thirty.”
“It could be a trick of the light,” Berry said. 
Zinovy grunted. “Can’t be. The light’s the same.” 
Glaston spoke, determination in his voice. “Somebody’s got to be down there. I’m going to look and I’m not giving up ‘til I find them.” He vaulted over the back of the chair, settled at the communications console, and began sifting through the channels, his carrot-topped head tilted toward the controls. “International Space Station, calling Houston Command Center. Come in please. ISS, calling Canaveral. Come in please. This is the International Space Station, calling all receivers. Belgrade, Baikonur, Johannesburg. Can you hear me? Come in, blast it. Somebody come in.”
* * *
Archie Berry monitored Glaston’s futile endeavors for two hours before he finally stopped him. “Hold off, Eric. If anyone’s down there they aren’t listening right now.” 
The boy slumped over the keys. Zinovy looked at Berry, wondering what his next move would be. Commander training obviously hadn’t taught him how to deal with world annihilation. Zinovy was glad he wasn’t the one in command.
Berry glanced around at the crew. “We have some decisions to make.” 
“What’s to decide?” Carter asked. “It’s over.” 
“We’re still set up for the return to Canaveral.”
Carter scowled. “Are you crazy? Did you see what’s down there?”
“Do you see what’s up here?” the commander countered.
No one spoke. Finally Chang asked, “Can we make it back?” They looked at Daniel Redmond. 
“We should be able to. Nothing that’s happened down there would have affected the auto-return system. It’s buried too deep.”
“So we have a choice,” Berry said. “We can stay here, or we can return.”
Chang frowned. “If we stayed here, how long—”
“A month, maybe two. Depends on what kind of atmosphere we can maintain, how frugal we are with supplies.”
“We’ve got a hydroponics lab full of plants producing oxygen,” Carter said. “That might give us a few more . . . .” He trailed off.
“So our choice is to die up here or to die down there,” Glaston said. “That’s it, isn’t it?”
Berry studied the boy’s face. “That’s about it.”
Charles Carter moved to a seat by the door and sat down. “We don’t all have to make the same choice. Some could stay and some leave.”
“No,” Berry said. “Not a good plan. The crew needs to stay together.”
“Why?” Carter said. “What difference does it make? What difference does anything make at this point?”
Berry sighed. “In the long run, it won’t matter, but for now it’s important—for morale, if nothing else. We are still a unit. I’m the commander. I’m making an executive decision. I expect my instructions to be followed. We’ll all go or we’ll all stay.”
“We don’t have much time to think about it,” Redmond said. “Take off is pre-programmed for 06:30. That’s four hours from now.”
Silence filled the room. Finally Berry spoke. “We have two options. There are seven of us. Everyone has a vote. We’ll go with the majority.” He checked his watch. “I’ll give you thirty minutes to think about it.”
* * *
The deadline came and they gathered in front of the blank video monitor. “We’ll do this by secret ballot,” Berry said, handing out slips of blue lab paper. “Write ‘go’ if you want to return, and ‘stay’ if you don’t.”
A quiet intensity settled into the cabin as the crew members wrote the words that would determine how they would die. One by one, they gave their folded papers to Berry. One by one, he opened them, read the choices aloud, and placed them carefully to his left or his right. “One for ‘stay’,” he began. “Another for ‘stay’. One for ‘go’. Another for ‘stay’.” He paused, read the last two without expression, then put them on his right. “Both of these are for going.”
“Wait a minute,” Carter said. “That’s only six. Someone’s missing.”
They looked around. Zinovy stood, leaning on the door jam, frowning.
“Zinovy,” the commander said. “Yours is the deciding vote. Do we go or stay?”
Carter broke in: “It should not be up to him, of all of us. He’s the least—”
“Quiet, Charles,” Berry said. “He has an equal right.”
Zinovy studied the six staring faces, and for the tenth time in eight hours the old urge for a bottle washed over him.




CHAPTER THREE
So this is how it would end. The awareness settled into Zinovy`s consciousness, like a cat curling up in a soft bed, as the shuttle moved steadily toward the earth below. He felt no fear. He was experienced at dying by now. 
The waiting bothered him, however. The process could take a while. The landing might go all right, but after that he could think of only two options, both of which would be painfully fatal. The steady hum of the shuttle’s engines, the brightness of the cabin lights, the smell of electronics working normally—everything supported the illusion that life would go on. 
Had his assassination victims lived under that illusion as well, seconds before . . . ?
His right calf began to twitch. He flipped his seatbelt open and stood up. Berry glanced over his shoulder. “This isn’t the best time to unleash, Zinovy. We’re nearing the atmosphere.”
“I have to use the toilet.”
Zinovy pushed his way back through the cabin, passing Chang, Rudzinski and Carter. They looked like corpses already, strapped stiffly in their bucket seats, faces pale. He made short work of his errand and moved back up the aisle toward the cockpit, but the stretch hadn’t helped. He leaned over to massage his leg.
“What the . . . ?” Redmond’s startled exclamation alerted him, but not soon enough. The shuttle pitched violently, throwing Zinovy across the room. His right hand smashed into a bank of controls, sending a shower of sparks into his eyes. He ducked and missed a video monitor by inches. His boot caught another bank of gauges and the cabin lights flickered and went out, leaving him disoriented in the sudden darkness. 
Then lightning blazed through the spaceship. Zinovy caught a glimpse of open-mouthed terror on the faces of the two women as he flew past, their screams lost in a blast of thunder. He slammed against the back of someone’s seat, grabbed an armrest, locked his fingers and hung on. Between peals of thunder he heard Redmond curse near his elbow. The pilot had to be doing all he could to stabilize the ship, but it wasn’t enough. The shuttle bounced back and forth in the empty atmosphere as if tossed from the hands of one capricious space god to another.
In one lightning flash Zinovy glimpsed water sluicing off the windshield. Impossible. No moisture this high up. He buried his face in the crook of his arm, anticipating the disintegration of the walls around him as the thunderous attack continued, but the walls held. The thunder paused and he heard Redmond mutter, “Come on Gaia, baby. Stay with me now. Easy, girl.” Then one last blistering flash burst upon them and all was still. 
Dark silence filled the room, then the lights came back on. Zinovy wiped the sweat from his forehead, gulped air into his aching lungs, and got to his feet. The cabin seemed unchanged yet something was wrong. A low vibration began in the belly of the ship and grew steadily stronger. Zinovy looked at Redmond and understood the fear he read on the other pilot’s face. 
Redmond hunched over the instruments, his hands white-knuckled on the shuddering controls. His flight suit, wet with perspiration, clung to his back. He raised his head and glanced back over his shoulder. “Zinovy, I need you up here.”
Berry, in the co-pilot’s seat, glanced at Redmond, then he unleashed, stood up and moved aside. Zinovy eased into position and grabbed the co-pilot’s stick. The flutter under his fingers ran up his arms and rattled his elbows. 
Redmond spoke quietly. “It’s one of the vertical stabilizers—number four, there.” He nodded toward the red light blinking on the control panel. “It must be hanging by a thread. Help me keep this baby steady. If we’re lucky it’ll cut loose and then the drag won’t be so bad.” Zinovy reached down to refasten his seat belt, swearing at the awkwardness of the one-handed operation.
A ripping squeal scraped down the left side of the ship and the shuttle nose-dived. Zinovy grimaced as the belt tightened over his bruised torso, wrestling beside Redmond against impossible resistance. They were done for. 
But then, for no reason, the shuttle stabilized. The flutter settled down to a quiver and the spacecraft surged forward, cruising as on a glassy sea. Zinovy waited for the shudder to return. When it didn’t, he relaxed his grip on the controls, testing the stability. The two stabilizer lights on the instrument panel blinked a frantic red. The others—green, yellow and a fluorescent blue—winked steadily back at him. 
Redmond spoke over his shoulder. “Damage report, Archie. We’ve lost a couple of stabilizers. Don’t know what else might be wrong. Our attitude looks okay. I have no idea if we’re still on course.” Zinovy didn’t see how they could be, and another problem niggled at the back of his mind. The heli-system’s rotor housing was located near the lost stabilizers. If the housing had sheered off— 
A retching sound interrupted his deliberations. He turned to see Eric Glaston dumping the contents of his stomach into an airsickness bag. “Everything all right back there?” Berry asked. 
“We’re fine,” someone responded. “Just motion sickness.” 
Zinovy shook his head. They were all too soft—these westerners. They would never survive in the real world. 
But the real world was gone and none of them would survive anyway, so what did it matter? He glanced at Glaston’s white, freckled face and the two pale women in the seats behind him. Chang was in control now, her grief reflected in her eyes but her manner composed. Zinovy remembered her collapse when it happened. The earth had grown large before their eyes, swelling like a sponge in a pool of muddy water, drowning everyone they cared about. The Supreme Commander’s strategic strike—one that should have neutralized only the problem regions—had neutralized everything.
Neutralized. A clinical word. Zinovy approved of clinical. He needed to come to terms with the new situation, resign himself to Nadya’s death, and to the loss of his chance to deal appropriately with Anton. Soon he would face his own death, and he must do it with calm composure.
Images of bodies—hundreds of thousands of them—disintegrating, or burning up, or writhing in the lethal agony of radiation sickness—flashed through his mind, but he brushed them aside. He leaned forward to check the altitude readings. They were descending more slowly now, their lives being measured in earth miles. Then another red light flashed on the instrument panel.
Zinovy nudged Redmond. “What’s happening with the oxygen generator?” 
Redmond swore. “I don’t know. Check it out, will you?”
Zinovy unlatched once again and headed down the aisle toward the service module. If the device had died, he wouldn’t be able to resuscitate it. The Russian-made Elektron generator was a dinosaur that had supplied oxygen on every ISS for years, an ingenious invention in its time, but now outdated. Why the engineers had put one in the brand new, state-of-the-art Galaxy Gaia was a total mystery—yet another example of inept bureaucratic bungling. 
Russian innovation was also responsible for the gravity-grounding technology that allowed them to move about so freely on the station and in the shuttle, but no one remembered that. Americans got the credit for everything, unless it broke down. 
He grunted when he reached the generator. No sound. No lights. And a smell like burning rubber. Definite malfunction. He reached for the first bolt on the cylindrical casing, then he froze and drew back, easing his body away from the large tube. Had the Russian repairman been in here? Zinovy glanced at the cylinder again, debating, then he turned his attention to the emergency oxygen tanks already hissing their back-up supply into the system. The indicators crept down incrementally even as he watched. Finally he shrugged. The generator could stay as it was. They had enough oxygen for now. 
He headed back to the cabin and slipped into his seat. Berry leaned forward. “What’s the scoop?”
“It’s okay. The generator’s not functioning but the canisters are putting out.”
Eric Glaston spoke from behind. “Are you talking about the oxygen generator? That doesn’t sound ‘okay’ to me, mate.” 
“Can you fix the generator?” Berry asked.
“I don’t know. I’d have to figure it out.”
“Well give it a burl, will you?” Glaston said. “I’d really like to keep breathing if you don’t mind.” 
Zinovy turned and glared at him. “I’ll make you a deal. You fix the communications problems, I’ll fix—”
“That’s enough, you two,” the commander said. “Focus on the moment.”
But at the moment all seemed well. Redmond, absorbed with the love of his life, murmured, “Atta girl. You did it,” and patted the console in front of him. 
Someone dropped a pen and everyone jumped. Zinovy turned and glared at Carter, slouched in his seat, the restraint splayed across his belly. They’d all had access to a well-equipped exercise room on the station, but Zinovy was sure Carter had never, in his life, moved a muscle unnecessarily. Zinovy frowned, remembering the time before gravity grounding when physical fitness was a prerequisite for space travel. So much for advanced technology. 
The astronaut leaned down to retrieve the pen, grunting, then slumped his pudgy body back into the bucket seat and resumed a rhythmic light tapping of his foot. His brow was wrinkled and his lips were pursed. After working closely with this American scientist for three weeks, Zinovy didn’t know him at all, and he liked him even less. 
The room darkened. They had entered the cloud. The white of the cabin lights glowed an iridescent yellow as the atmosphere closed in around them. Zinovy imagined the sting of the nuclear radiation outside the protection of the space shuttle’s skin and his eyes watered. 
He looked around one last time. His crewmates sat quietly, wrapped in the yellow light and their own private thoughts. Zinovy took a deep breath and settled into his seat, willing his heartbeat to slow to a regular rhythm. 
The well-practiced mental maneuver worked. Payload Commander Zinovy Efimovich Kozlov was in control—of his inner environment at least. He deliberately pushed thoughts of their outer environment to the back of his mind. It would do no good to dwell on the fact that this flight crew of seven, gliding serenely toward a contaminated earth, was living in a cocoon, dependent on a mechanically operated life support system with a malfunctioning oxygen generator, and enough canisters to keep them breathing for only another few days. 
But now something else stirred in him, a touch of anguish almost, like a knife in the stomach. He felt the hairs on the back of his neck rise as he watched the numbers fall on the altimeter in front of him. He wasn’t afraid, but with the time upon him he suddenly knew he wasn’t ready to die. 
Archie Berry spoke into the quiet cabin. “Steady now. We’re approaching the base.” 
The sound of seat belts rattling as the crew checked the locks registered in Zinovy’s ears. The action was automatic. Like the condemned man’s last meal. A gesture only. 
Once again the shuttle began to shudder, the noise starting as a low buzz and growing steadily into a teeth-jarring clatter. Zinovy’s right hand tightened around the controls. The sound of the engines increased, competing with the rattle. Then the nose of the shuttle lifted slightly as the reverse thrusters kicked in. The drag of the slowdown pulled their bodies tight against the restraints. Zinovy’s pulse beat in slow rhythm with the countdown numbers flickering on the screen at the front of the cabin. Ten . . . nine . . . eight . . . seven . . . six . . . five . . . four . . . three . . . two . . . one. 
He held his breath as Redmond switched to hover mode. Instantly the shuddering ended, and, with a long, soft whine and a sudden healthy jolt, the shuttle settled down onto whatever was left of the landing pad. Zinovy felt the definition of a solid earth under him once again, after three weeks of suspension in infinite space. 
But the earth wasn’t solid. The shuttle groaned and tilted violently. Zinovy grabbed his armrests, the restraint catching his forward pitch as the nose wheel assembly crumpled under them. Seconds later, the rear of the ship collapsed. The crew sat speechless, like crash test dummies, strapped in seats that rocked gently for a moment then stabilized. One by one the flight noises shut down, leaving only the soft hum of the air conditioning unit in the cabin.
Zinovy was still alive. It took a moment for him to adjust to that reality. Then he began the slow process that would lead him through the usual jet lag and the culture shock that always followed even a short mission in space. 
The adjustment would be more complicated this time though. This time there was no culture to adjust to.
Commander Berry unlatched his belt, stood up and moved to the viewport. He leaned on the sill, craning his neck to see the ground. His face, usually so professional and remote, relaxed into an open-mouthed gape, and he swore. 
* * *
In an instant they were jockeying for positions at the window.
At first no one spoke. Zinovy struggled to make sense of what he saw. Nothing in the scene before him fit any reality he’d known. Form was there, of some kind, but the atmosphere was unreal. 
Ellen Rudzinski finally broke the silence. “It’s so bright. It should hurt our eyes. Why doesn’t it?” 
No one answered.
“I wonder what causes that rippling rainbow effect.” Glaston said. 
Chang pressed her nose against the glass. “It’s beautiful.” 
Berry looked up from the monitors. “It’s deadly,” he reminded her.
Then the radio came to life and Zinovy’s heart leapt like a Geiger counter in a nuclear waste dump. The sound of a human voice coming from somewhere outside the shuttle reverberated through the cabin: “Mission Control to Galaxy Gaia, Mission Control to Galaxy Gaia, come in, please.”
Glaston rushed to the console, punched a button and spoke into the mike. “Houston! We’re here. We just landed. What’s up, mate?” 
“It's not Houston. It's Canaveral. Hold on.” A pause at the other end and another person came on the line: “Berry? Are you there? Over.” 
“Anderson,” Berry said. “Where are you?”
“We’re underground. Moved down a week ago. It saved our hides, I guess. Something’s happened. We’re not sure what. Felt like an earthquake—a big one—and we haven’t made contact since with anyone except you.”
“We may be all that’s left. No sign of people from this vantage point anyway. I don’t even know where we landed. Nothing looks familiar.”
“According to our readings you’re locked down to the landing pad just outside the main facility. Can you see it?” 
The Canaveral launch facility, a series of buildings located northeast of the runway, should have towered well above the shuttle in its touchdown position, but the old Crawlerway, the Vehicle Assembly Building—everything was gone.
“There’s no sign of the facility or anything structural, not even rubble,” Berry said. “And the air is full of a bright, colorful fog, or haze. It’s got to be radiation. We’re showing extremely high readings outside the ship. But we shouldn’t be able to see radiation. It’s bizarre.”
“What’s your visibility?”
“It’s hazy, but we can see to the horizon. We’re in a large clearing roughly the shape of the landing pad, but it’s not concrete. It’s covered with some kind of low-lying green material.”
“Green?” the Canaveral base commander said. “You mean like camouflage?”
“No. Like chlorophyll. It looks like vegetation.”
 The base was silent for a moment. Zinovy guessed Berry’s sanity was being questioned down below.
“It can’t be. The base is covered with tarmac.”
“I know, but that’s what it looks like. And nothing else is here. No tarmac, for sure.” Berry sat down at the console. “We saw something from the Station last night. A nuclear explosion by our read, and it wasn’t just local.”
“Damn.” Again the base was quiet while Anderson digested this information. “We were jolted, big time, but it felt more like a long earthquake than an explosion. The motion was strange, not rolling—more a sideways movement, and a sound like something scraping across granite.”
 “What’s the damage?” 
“We’re still assessing. Our life support system survived down here. We haven’t gone up top yet.” 
“You might want to hold off on that. This atmosphere doesn’t look good for breathing.”
Berry and Anderson talked on, making plans, or trying to. All avenues they explored led down claustrophobic tunnels toward closed doors. Zinovy made another bathroom trip, stopping on the way to check the oxygen supply. When he got back the commanders were still talking. He turned to go, but Berry stopped him. “Zinovy, look into the problem with the oxygen generator, will you? Fix it if you can.” 
“I’ll try. I helped service one like it on a submarine once, but I don’t remember much.”
“Well, you’re the best we’ve got. Do what you can.”
Berry turned back to his console. Zinovy hesitated. The commander glanced over his shoulder. “What’s the problem?” 
“The generator will consume a lot of power.”
“I know that. But oxygen is crucial. How much is left in the back up canisters?” He frowned at Zinovy’s answer, threw up his hands and said, “Work on the generator. We need to buy more time even if it’s expensive.” Then Berry was on the comm line again, talking with Anderson about radiation levels. Zinovy heard him report the readings from the sensors outside the ship and cringed. No reason to bother with the generator. They’d fry before they ran out of oxygen.
Zinovy squeezed through the galley past Chang and Rudzinski, moved down the passageway to the service module, and stopped before the oxygen generator. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary, but nothing had appeared out of the ordinary on the camera either. 
The generator sat too close to the back up system. If it exploded, all their oxygen would be gone instantly. He debated. It wasn’t likely the Russian repairman had rigged the generator. The malfunction was more likely the result of the disturbance they’d passed through. Still, he moved cautiously, sliding his hands around the back of the cylindrical cover, finding the bolts, loosening them. He breathed again when the case slipped off without incident. 
Tubes and wires sprawled across both sides of the main core like scattered pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. How to begin? Ah. He pulled a dog-eared manual from a slot on the wall. The booklet gave instructions in both Russian and English but the English translation was full of errors. He shook his head and transferred his attention to the layout. One set of wires in the signal and command unit sat askew. He tried to grasp the connector, but his hands were too big. 
He rummaged through a nearby toolbox, pulled out a pair of plastic tongs, and prodded the apparatus. Sparks flew, startling him, but there was no explosion. A blackened area appeared in the center of the mass of wires. He swore, slammed the cover back on the machine and went off to report to Berry. “It’s kaput,” he said, slicing his hand across his throat.
“What’s the supply situation again?”
“Both backup supply tanks are full.”
“How many days?”
“Should be about seven. Eight if we’re lucky.”
The commander grimaced. “Well, we’ll just have to live with the situation.”
But they wouldn’t live with it, they’d die with it, and Zinovy hated waiting. He walked away, wishing there were fewer oxygen tanks. 
He wandered into the main cabin and looked around. Glittering shards of colored light flickered through the large windows, turning the gray walls a glistening silver and casting rainbow colors over the heads of the crew members as they lounged around the room. Zinovy propped himself against a doorframe and studied them. He could smell the tension in the close cabin air. 
Glaston leaned on the windowsill, frowning at the ground below. Chang and Rudzinski sat behind him, looking out at the sky. Redmond slumped in a chair away from the windows, chin on chest, eyes closed, seemingly disengaged. Charles Carter sat at the table writing in a field notebook. Zinovy smirked. 
As if a field still existed. 
Glaston spoke. “Can’t figure out how this could have happened,” he said. “If it’s the same all over the world, like it is here, it would have to have been a bloody big event.” 
Redmond sat up and stretched. “We shouldn’t be surprised. It was only a matter of time before the splitting of the atom destroyed us all.”
“Maybe it wasn’t nuclear.” Rudzinski said. “Nuclear weapons were banned years ago.”
The corners of Redmond’s mouth turned up, but the smile didn’t reach his eyes. “Don’t be naïve. Nuclear arsenals don’t go away, they just go underground. I mean that literally. What do you think the government did with all the nukes they collected when they enforced the ban?”
“That still doesn’t explain how it happened.” Carter frowned and chewed on a fingernail. “Something had to have triggered it—something the Supreme Commander did.”
“We know that much, boofhead,” Glaston said. “We heard the announcement. It was countdown to doomsday, right then and there.”
“No. The Regime couldn’t have been the cause.” All eyes turned to Zinovy and he paused. When no one spoke, he continued: “The Commander began the countdown, but he didn’t finish it.”
They were silent for a moment. “He’s right,” Glaston said. “The countdown didn’t get past six or seven. Something happened before the trigger went off.”
Grace Chang looked up. “The Speech from the Throne announced a strategic strike.”
“Then it wouldn’t have been nuclear,” Glaston said. “There’s no way he could have contained a nuclear event.” He ran a finger along the windowsill, studying the seams. “You know what? It could have been hydrogen explosions. They could be localized.”
Chang straightened in her chair. “Of course. That makes perfect sense. Remember the big push a few years ago to develop hydrogen plants? Three were installed in the province I grew up in. It was part of the government’s international program to develop fuel cell technology. Hundreds were built, all over the world.”
She was right. Zinovy had been in Israel two years ago on assignment. Jerusalem was surrounded with hydrogen plants. 
“So,” Glaston said, “If the Supreme Commander wanted to get rid of the trouble spots, he could just rig a trigger device in each of the plants.” He looked up at them. “It would be easy enough to set them off, from one place, at one time, with the right electronic program.”
“But the radiation,” Rudzinski said. “Hydrogen explosions wouldn’t have left dirty air.”
“What if the strategic attacks triggered a nuclear event—a chain reaction?” Chang said. “If the detonations at the hydrogen plants—even one of them—went underground and hit a nuclear arsenal . . . ” She paused. “But, no, that still doesn’t explain why it happened before the countdown ended.” 
Glaston scratched his head, leaving a tuft of red hair standing up behind his right ear. “This thing—what if it wasn’t connected with the Supreme Commander’s plans at all—what if it was a coincidence—something else that just happened at the same time?”
Carter slammed his field notebook shut. “Doesn’t do any good to talk about it. We’ll never know.” He pulled himself to his feet and stomped out of the room.
The rest of Zinovy’s colleagues sat thinking, working the theories, as if discovering the cause would somehow mitigate the effect. Why did people always think that explaining a problem meant they’d solved it? Fixing the problem was the real issue, and this problem was unfixable. 
Zinovy stared at the walls. Plasma screens stared back, like giant insect eyes. Wires reached out, dangling awkwardly from useless audio/video plugs, like the arms of mourners standing around a casket, waiting for the funeral to begin. He’d been doing too much thinking. He needed to get away, but there was no place to go. So he paced, in military fashion. 
One, two, three, four, five. His first steps from the galley door took him past the commander’s berth. Curtains tied back, bedroll wrinkle-free. Zinovy could have bounced a coin on his bed. 
Six, seven, eight, nine, ten—past Redmond’s berth. Curtains hanging limp on one side. The tie had come undone. Bedroll rumpled. A manual on visual flight rules lay open face down on the blanket. 
Eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, past Carter’s bunk. The curtains were drawn. A slit of light shone between them. The resident was home, probably working on his everlasting field notebooks. 
Another five steps took him between the women’s berths to the bathrooms. Then he was in the lab. A long march. Fifteen military steps to be exact. He glanced around at the bioracks. They still sported their old labels. Carter had not cleaned up in this room. He whirled on his heel and started back, moving through the passageway, past the bathrooms, past the women’s berths, past Glaston’s bunk and his own. 
He stopped to flick a piece of lint from his blanket and smooth an imaginary indentation from his pillow, then marched on to the empty berth across from the commander’s—the one they used for dirty laundry and paper waste. Redmond’s flight jacket lay there, along with the tee shirt Glaston had been wearing for the last three days. The lettering on the shirt was half hidden in its crumpled folds, but Zinovy knew the saying by heart. “Ain’t no flies on me, mate,” he muttered in rhythm with his next six steps. 
He was halfway through the galley now, on his way toward the control panels at the front of the cockpit. When he reached that point, he heeled and marched back to the communications console. 
 The two commanders were deep in discussion again. “Look,” Anderson said. “Our support systems are okay and we’ve got supplies—adequate for now anyway. If you could somehow get down here with us . . . ”
“How? We can’t extract the crew without exposing them to radiation.”
“You have Extravehicular Mobility Units.” 
“Yes, but I don’t know if they’d provide enough protection. They’ve never been tested in levels this high. I’m not convinced they’d help long enough to make a successful transfer. It would take us a while to get to you.”
“True,” Anderson said. “And that brings up another problem. We’d have to open up to let you in. How could we do that without contaminating our system?”
Berry considered. “You could open the outer hatch without contaminating the whole system. Just keep the inner hatch closed.”
“But we’ve got no way of decontaminating the outer hatch so we could let you in.”
“Damn, that’s right. There’s no way you could keep your system secure.” 
They were quiet for a moment. Then Berry said, “You know, it can’t be done. Not without jeopardizing your entire group. We’ll just have to fend for ourselves.” 
“There’s got to be a way. We can’t leave you up there alone.” Anderson left off the words, “to die,” but Zinovy heard them anyway. 
Zinovy took a few more steps and entered the galley. Glaston joined him. They stood together, listening to impossible solutions bouncing back and forth between the cabin and the underground base. Finally the boy spoke. “Archie’s a bloody good commander.”
Zinovy nodded. 
Glaston squinted at him. “What about you? Why aren’t you a commander? You’ve got the personality for it.”
Zinovy studied the young man for a moment, then looked away. “I wouldn’t want that kind of job.”
“Why not?”
Zinovy shrugged. “Too much responsibility.”
“But the power. Wouldn’t you want that? You strike me as one who would enjoy having some power.”
“Power’s a burden. And it ties you to a desk.”
Glaston nodded. “I know what you mean. I’ve never been too ambitious myself. Give me my electronic thingummys and pay me a decent wage to fiddle with them and I’m happy. But you—you’re a savvy bloke. It seems a waste.” 
They stood in a companionable silence for a while. Then Zinovy spoke: “I never thanked you, by the way.”
“What? Oh. The tether incident.”
Zinovy glanced at him. “Yeah. The incident where you saved my life.”
Glaston smiled. “Just consider me your own personal guardian angel.”
The remark sobered Zinovy. If his Russian guardian angel had survived Anton’s plots and intrigues, he’d have been burned alive in the holocaust. And Nadya—that other Russian angel. His heart skipped a beat. What had her death been like? 
Zinovy jumped, startled out of his painful memories by a thundering crash that rattled the cabin. He stood stunned for an instant, then tore off down the corridor toward the back of the ship, Glaston fast on his heels. 
They found the problem in the lab. Redmond flew across the room, knocking a rack of trays down as he landed. Carter was on top of him in a second, banging the pilot’s head against the floor. 
Zinovy landed on top of them both. He grabbed Carter by the hair and jerked his head back. Glaston pounced on all three. Berry barked an order and everyone fell back, panting. Zinovy looked up. Chang and Rudzinski stood watching from the lab door. 
Berry scowled down at them. “What’s the meaning of this?”
Redmond and Carter glared at each other. Carter reached up and swatted Zinovy’s hand away.
“He attacked me,” Redmond said. “I was just walking by and he came at me like a madman.”
Carter burst out. “He was not just walking by. He was taking the labels off the bio racks and switching them around. He was trying to sabotage my research. I spent months on this project and this idiot comes in and ruins everything.”
“I was not moving them around. I was throwing them away. I was cleaning up my ship.” Redmond emphasized the pronoun. “You finished this project weeks ago.” The pilot turned to Berry. “He told me if I let him do his project in the shuttle he’d have the mess all cleaned up by the time we were ready to go home. Well, he didn’t. This place is a mess.”
Berry put his hands on his hips. “It’s certainly a mess now.”
Carter interjected. “It was not a mess. Everything was gone but the labels. I wanted to check them one more time to make sure I’d entered the data correctly. Now that’s impossible.” He lurched to his feet and hitched his pants up.
“That’s enough,” Berry said. “I want you both to put this room back in order, and I expect you to act like professionals from now on.”
The crew turned to go, leaving the two men to deal with the residue of their quarrel. Berry went back to his conversation with Anderson and Zinovy went back to the galley, restless after the disturbing memories his conversation with Glaston had stirred.
The voices of the commanders, muted now, continued to filter through the cabin, the sound rising and falling rhythmically. Zinovy stretched his back, still sore from the beating he’d taken on the way down. He sat down at the table, the flood of memories continuing, most of them of Nadya, all of them depressing. He succumbed to the gloom for a while, then he rose and did his pacing routine again, from the control room to the lab and back. 
The lab had been cleaned up. Some of the stacks were bent, but the trays were all in place. Half the labels were gone, but the rest remained. Redmond’s bed was made and the book had been put away. Carter was in his berth, curtains closed, lights out. The march had not stilled Zinovy’s restlessness. He repeated the pattern five more times, then sat down at the galley table and put his head in his hands. 
Eventually the long day ended. Berry nudged the crew from their anxious lethargy. “Come on folks. We need to get to bed.” Zinovy headed down the passageway to the sleeping quarters but Berry stopped him. 
“Zinovy, I want to talk to you. You too, Grace.” He caught Chang’s arm as she moved past, waited until the rest had left, then turned to the two astronauts. “People are too tense. Zinovy, I want you to keep your eye on the situation. If things look like they might get out of hand, you need to help me crack down. We can’t have any more of that.” He gestured toward the lab. “It’s bad for what little morale we have left and it’s not good for the ship either. Did you notice the shuttle rocking when they fought?”
“I noticed,” Chang said. “And the extra exertion doesn’t help our oxygen supply either.”
“You’re right. It probably cost us an hour or two.” Berry tapped the clipboard in Chang’s hand. “Check the supply and record the current figures.”
Chang nodded.
Berry turned back to Zinovy. “So help me here, okay? I’m counting on you both to keep a level head. Everyone’s in survival mode now. The tension will only get worse.”
Zinovy nodded, but said nothing. The air had been too full of words today.




CHAPTER FOUR
The next morning Berry called a meeting. 
It was a formality. The last twenty-four hours had been one long crew meeting, but after lunch Zinovy gathered with the others to make the worries official. He stood at the back of the room, arms crossed.
Berry began by stating current realities. Chang made notes in the ship’s log:
1. We made it home safely. Thanks to everyone for the great teamwork that has brought us this far. 
Ha, Zinovy thought. What planet has he been living on?
2. We will continue to be a team in the decisions we make and the way we carry them out. 
Mars, maybe.
3. The options are as follows:
Calmly and deliberately, Berry listed them and Chang wrote them down.
“First, we can remain in the shuttle until life support runs out.” He paused, giving them time to consider this possibility. “The water supply is adequate for two months if we conserve. Food stores will last a while longer. The oxygen—that’s our main concern. The malfunction of the generator dealt us a major blow.” 
He glanced at Carter and Redmond. “The little . . . ” Here he paused again, looking for the right word. “ . . . the little altercation in the back room didn’t help any.”
Redmond bowed his head, Carter frowned, and Berry continued. “From this point on,” he said, looking at his watch, “we have roughly a hundred and ninety hours of oxygen left, if we avoid strenuous activity”—he glanced at Carter—“and if we all sleep a normal eight hours every night.” He did the math for them: “That’s seven or eight days.” 
Again he gave them a chance to digest the information, looking from one to the other. “Any questions or comments at this point?” 
“That’s assuming we all continue to breathe, right?” Glaston said. The black humor broke some of the tension. They laughed, not uproariously, then grew quiet. 
Zinovy studied the commander. He was an analytical man, considering all angles before making a move. Zinovy approved of that approach. 
“That’s option number one.” Berry went on, “Option number two involves a more immediate risk, but it’s a consideration. We could leave the spacecraft any time during the next few days and take our chances at surviving in the atmosphere outside.” 
He looked at the floor for a minute, then back up into their faces. “You know the data. Radiation outside is still very high. Our instruments only measure levels up to 700 millisieverts. Whatever is out there now is higher than that.” 
Zinovy had read about the effects of radiation on workers at all three of the world’s great nuclear plant accidents—at Chernobyl in 1986, Japan in 2011, and Tehran in 2015. Radiation levels at those places, even in the beginning, were measurable by the instruments. He had no illusions about what this second option would mean. 
Berry went on. “We do have EMU’s—enough for everyone. If you decide to go out, you might want to consider that extra amount of protection. It won’t help a lot, but it could give you an edge—maybe a little more time.” 
At that, Commander Berry stopped talking. He looked around. “Let’s take a break,” he said. “We have more to discuss—one more option I want to give you—but we need some time to think. We’ll reconvene at 15:00.” 
 Glaston moved to the galley and began making coffee. Rudzinski escaped to her bunk. Berry went to use the facilities. The others settled back into their seats, each wrapped in the privacy of their own thoughts. 
Zinovy considered. One way or another, life must end soon. The choice would simply determine how quickly, or how painfully, they would go. He could deal with physical pain. He’d endured plenty during his years with the FSB. 
Mental pain was another thing, however, and he’d experienced enough of that during the last three days to last a lifetime. Trapped inside this prison of a spaceship, unhappy memories of Nadya and her child flooding in and out of his heart, and his opportunity for revenge snatched from him with Anton’s death—Zinovy had no reason to hang onto life. By the time Berry reconvened the meeting, even without hearing the third option, Zinovy had made his choice. 
They gathered again. Rudzinski returned from her quarters looking haggard. Glaston brought a cup of coffee to the seat by his console, instinctively setting it down away from the instruments. 
Berry began the discussion where he’d left off. He turned to Rudzinski. “What’s your take on the radiation? Just what might we expect if we were to risk survival outside the ship?”
“I don’t know. We’ve never studied the effects of this large a dose. I could only guess what might happen.” She paused.
“Give us your best guess then.”
Taking a deep breath, Rudzinski continued: “At radiation levels this high, death would probably be instantaneous. The skin would blister immediately and the burns would quickly go to third degree. The eyes and lining of the lungs would sear within minutes.”
Berry interrupted. “You say ‘probably’.” 
Rudzinski nodded. “The lungs might continue to function for several hours, but by that time both the circulatory and the digestive systems would be affected. Capillaries would begin to disintegrate, causing stinging in the extremities and a burning sensation in the veins and arteries. In the digestive system, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea . . . ” She broke off. “The pain would be excruciating.”
Zinovy noted reactions around the room. Rudzinski was the expert and the facts had shaken her. The fear was contagious. 
Berry persisted: “What is the best case scenario?”
“Best case doesn’t apply to this situation. The radiation levels are just too high.” She stopped, thought a minute, then looked up at Berry. “In classic cases of severe exposure, death occurs within two to four weeks. Survival after six weeks could mean a possible recovery, but that’s with exposure to a much smaller dose, not the heavy levels we’d be subjected to. As I said, we have no statistics on this kind of event.”
“Thanks, Ellen,” Berry said. He scrutinized the listeners. “I’m sorry to put you through this, but we need the information so we can make informed decisions.” 
He went on. “The third option is reserved for the most extreme situations. This, I feel, is one of those situations.” 
Zinovy knew what was coming. “We need to end this,” he said. 
Berry glanced at him and went on: “We have on this ship a well-stocked medicine cabinet.” He looked around. “You all know where it is.” He held up a small silver key. “It’s unlocked now.” He hesitated one last time. “If any of you feel the need for medication during the next few days, you may help yourself.” 
No one spoke. Zinovy watched. What was going on behind the masks his crewmates wore? Carter, as always, was scowling. Glaston sat nursing his coffee cup, looking at the floor, blinking now and then. Redmond leaned back in his chair, arms folded, and studied Berry’s face. Rudzinski’s expression was bleaker than ever. Chang leaned forward on the edge of her seat, cupping her chin in one hand, resting her elbow on the clipboard in her lap. 
Zinovy shifted in his seat and started to rise, but Berry stopped him with a raised hand. “I want to say one more thing before the meeting adjourns. I want you to know that though I am in command of this ship, I recognize, under the circumstances, the need to release each of you from my authority in terms of what decisions you make regarding your future. I will continue to lead, and I will expect all of you to follow my directions in matters that relate to the well being of the crew as a whole, but as long as your actions do not adversely affect anyone else, I will not interfere.” His voice softened as he concluded. “I have enjoyed working with all of you, and I wish you all the best.” 
He turned and walked away, his words echoing in the hollow recesses of Zinovy’s heart. 
Zinovy knew what his best was. He strode down the corridor and caught Berry by the arm. “I want to leave the ship.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes. And I want to leave soon.”
Berry studied the cosmonaut’s face for a moment. “All right. I’ll speak to the others.”
The revelation initiated another round of talks. “We can only have one exit event,” Berry said, “because of the contamination problem. We can’t clear out the escape hatch after it’s been opened to the outside air. Anyone choosing to leave will have to go when Zinovy does.” 
“What’s your choice, Captain?” Glaston asked.
Berry smiled. “You just said it, Glaston. I’m the captain. The captain always stays with the ship.” So two of the seven choices were made. 
Zinovy would have left immediately, but Berry shook his head. “The others will need time. We’ll give them until tomorrow afternoon.” Berry announced a deadline of 15:00 the following day, and Zinovy resigned himself to the wait. 
He needed something to do. Out the window, iridescent light flickered across an expanse of green that stretched to the horizon. Deadly light. Deadly green. Yet Zinovy wanted badly to be out there. 
This was madness. He was a rational man. He should be observing and analyzing the situation. He crossed the room and pulled a pair of binoculars from the cupboard at Glaston’s elbow.
The engineer arched his eyebrows. “Going exploring are we?” 
Zinovy glared at him. Then he went to the window and raised the glass, twirling the focus mechanism until the image sharpened. 
The bizarre mix of movement and stillness outside puzzled him. The green landscape appeared solid and unmoving—no waving of the tall green fronds on the tree-like objects in the distance, though the air seemed in constant motion around them. The radiation had to be creating the luminescent waves of color and light pulsing through the atmosphere. The display reminded him of the aurora borealis, though the waves of shimmering light he had observed on those cold Siberian nights were shadows compared to the brilliant, undulating images that now filled his vision. 
Ellen Rudzinski walked into the room. “Eric, Zinovy,” she said. “Mind if I join you?” It was a rhetorical question. 
Zinovy glanced at her and frowned. Rudzinski was a talker. She’d already made the rounds of the crew, wearing out her welcome with each of them. Apparently it was his turn. He sighed, pulled a chair to the window and sat down. She sat down beside him and began her prattle. 
He realized, to his relief, it would be a monologue. Not an interesting one—autobiographical—one he could easily tune out. She began with reminiscences of her childhood. He had no idea how long he’d been ignoring her before she broke into his thoughts.
“Zinovy, are you listening?”
He grunted and she went on. “You know, I never wanted to be here. I would have been perfectly happy to settle down behind a white picket fence and raise a family like everybody else. But my father—he was a doctor, like my grandfather. He was determined that I continue the tradition. You know how fathers are.”
“No, I don’t,” Zinovy said. 
The woman was immune to conversation stoppers. “If I’d had my own money I could have resisted, but he was paying the bills, so I headed off to medical school. I remember him so well, standing there with a big smile as I left.” She gulped and was silent.
Zinovy’s thoughts turned to his own father. Efim Aronovich Kozlov had been a determined man, deeply spiritual, and equally as foolish. The State had charged him with religious treason for his Christian faith, sentenced him to twenty years hard labor, and hauled him off to prison three months before Zinovy was born. Years later, going through the few personal effects that had been left to him, Zinovy found letters his father had written to his mother. They were long diatribes full of maudlin emotion. Zinovy felt no connection with the man who had written them.
Rudzinski was talking again. “ . . . and then when I finally graduated he worked it so I could get into the space program. Pulled a few strings for me. ‘It’s my legacy to you, honey,’ he said.” 
 Legacy. The word lodged in the restless brain of Rudzinski’s captive audience. His father had left him a legacy of disloyalty and distrust. The State considered Zinovy a ‘son of the enemy.’ He frowned as he remembered some of the things he’d done to convince them of his love for the Motherland. 
But Rudzinski was on to her mother by now. “My mother could do nothing but support him. I know she was afraid for me to go into space. All she knew about space travel was that people died doing it.” 
She stopped for a moment. Then she went on. “It’s funny. She was right, as it turns out. Mothers have an instinct.”
“But she wasn’t right.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re alive because you were in space, and your mother’s . . . ”
He didn’t finish the cruel remark, but at least it slowed her down. Tears welled in her eyes. Then she gazed at him, as if seeing him for the first time. “What was your mother like, Zinovy?”
Zinovy lifted the binoculars to his face and pretended he hadn’t heard. His mother . . . how long had it been since he’d thought of her? She’d been religious too, steeped in the Christian Orthodox faith that had somehow survived all the purges of the socialist ideologues. She’d taught him the fairy tales, but she was out of the picture by the time he was old enough to think seriously about such things, and all shadows of her superstitious belief had dissipated. 
Zinovy yawned, covering his mouth roughly with the back of his hand, then he put the binoculars to his eyes and refocused. As Rudzinski’s voice trailed on in the background, he studied the scene before him, dissecting the panorama, picking out details—shades of glimmering light, shapes and sizes of distinct elements in the endless wavering sea of color. The background could not be vegetation, yet the resemblance was hard to deny. 
Tall filigreed forms circled the edge of the shimmering, green-mantled clearing in which the ship rested. The shape of the clearing resembled that of the original landing pad, and the surrounding topography was vaguely reminiscent of the layout of the whole complex. Zinovy ran the glasses around the perimeter, looking closely for evidence of the buildings that should have been there.
Suddenly he sat up, his body tensing. He could swear . . . No, it couldn’t be. The light was playing tricks on his sleep-deprived senses. 
“Did you see that?” he said, snatching the woman by his side from her verbal reverie. 
“What?” 
He dropped the binoculars, rubbed his eyes hard, waited for them to clear, then looked again. Nothing. 
He was losing it. He got up, walked over to the console, and sat down by Glaston. 
“What’s up, mate?” Glaston asked.
Zinovy shook his head, trying unsuccessfully to deny what he’d just seen. He got up once more, went back to the window and leaned over the sill, fastening his vision on the distant spot. But there was no sign of the young boy who had bolted into the open, whirled around, then disappeared again into the greenery. 
Berry came into the cabin and glanced across the room. Zinovy sat down and resumed his sentry duties, but an unpleasant sensation had formed deep in his gut—an uncomfortable wave that moved up through his torso, gaining momentum as it came. Gathering the last remnants of his self-control, he managed to catch the flood in his throat, holding it there, willing it to subside, until it became small enough to swallow. He brushed his hair back from his forehead. He needed to get out of this place. 
The rest of the day passed routinely. The crew gathered for supper, then drifted away for an early night. Zinovy went to bed, eager for the seclusion of his berth and the temporary forgetfulness of sleep. But sleep would not come.
The light kept him awake. He lay on his back, staring up at the ceiling where shards of muted color filtered through the curtains, touching the seams and rivets that held the ship together around him. But light and sleeplessness were both temporary problems. He would not be bothered by either for long. With that thought Zinovy drifted off into an unsettled sleep.
* * *
Early next morning things began to happen. Zinovy woke to Glaston’s voice, bellowing into Berry’s cubicle across from him. Zinovy sat up, pushed the curtains aside, and squinted at the boy. 
“He’s dead, Commander. I tried to wake him but he’s . . . he’s not breathing.” Berry slid out of his bunk, pulling his pants on. Zinovy hit the floor behind him. They found Redmond’s body, fully dressed, lying in his bunk with a note pinned to his shirt. “This is my option,” it read. “I bequeath to all of you my share of the oxygen.”
It was a grim day. They wrapped the body in a plastic sheet and put it in the port module—the boot room through which they entered and exited the ship. Ellen Rudzinski, visibly shaken by the discovery, retired to her berth. Chang went to rouse her for lunch and found her sleeping deeply, her breathing slow and irregular. She had left no note—just an empty pill bottle with a smattering of small white tablets beside it. Chang quietly gathered up the pills and put them back in the medicine kit. In half an hour they had another body.
Through it all, Zinovy went about his business, packing his possessions into his kit box, stashing notes and documents in a file. He interrupted his preparations only twice, to help them transport the bodies, and by early afternoon he was ready to go. 
Glaston and Chang joined the commander by the exit hatch to say good-bye and wish him well. “I’m tempted to go with you,” Glaston said. “But I think I’d better stay with the others.” He crooked his thumb toward the module. “I serviced an EMU for you if you want it. The radio set up works fine.”
“Thanks, but I won’t use it.” The suit was heavy and confining, and Zinovy didn’t want to go with a helmet over his head, though he couldn’t, for the life of him, explain why it mattered at this point.
Finally the moment arrived. Zinovy put on his jacket and picked up the canteen Berry had pressed upon him, “just in case.” The men each shook his hand. 
Chang surprised him with a brief hug, then she looked down, obviously embarassed. “Uh, I know you probably won’t . . . ” She paused, then she looked up, shrugged, and handed him a granola bar and a packet of fruit leather. “You might get hungry before . . .” 
Zinovy accepted them without comment.
Glaston opened the door to the module and Zinovy stepped through. The door closed behind him and he was free—almost. He had no wish to linger long in the makeshift morgue. The air already smelled fetid. He strode across the floor, turned the hatch release handle, and pushed the door aside. Then he climbed down the escape ladder to the green, shimmering ground below.
Zinovy was glad he’d left the suit behind. He reveled in the freedom—one last moment of freedom . . . He closed his eyes and waited for the pain. At first nothing happened. A slight breeze rippled across his face. Probably the wild movement of the highly charged molecules in the radiation around him, but it was not unpleasant. The air, warm and soft, curled around his body, lifting the hair on his wrists, caressing his skin. Then Zinovy opened his eyes to the glittering rainbow of color, exhaled the last of the cabin air, and slowly, deliberately drew a deep breath of the bright death into his lungs.
* * *
The four standing at the window of the spacecraft watched as Zinovy’s body slumped to the ground. They stayed there a while. Grace was the last to turn away. She stood with her hand on the sill, watching the play of lights on Zinovy’s crumpled body. Finally she reached up and pulled down the shade, saying a final good-bye and shrouding the corpse. 
* * *
The next morning Grace woke to the smell of coffee. She washed and dressed and joined Eric in the galley. He handed her a plate of reconstituted scrambled eggs. She looked at it without enthusiasm and sat down at the table. “When did you get up?”
“An hour ago.” Eric gave her a wry look. “I figured with so much to do I’d better get an early start on the day.” He gestured to the bread machine. “Fresh loaf in ten minutes.” 
Archie was up as well, settled at his console, talking to Bob Anderson. He declined the breakfast Eric offered, taking a cup of strong coffee to his workstation instead. Charles wasn’t there. Grace tensed. “Where’s Charles?”
 “He’s okay. I saw him head toward the dunny earlier.” 
Grace picked up a fork and rearranged the eggs on her plate. “I miss the kind of eggs you break into a skillet.” 
“Yeah. Me too. With bacon on the side.” 
Charles came shuffling out, sat down and attacked the plate Eric put in front of him. Grace watched him eat, wondering at his appetite. Nothing seemed to diminish his interest in food.
Charles’s presence silenced the rest for a while, but eventually they began to talk. Light conversation. No one mentioned the events of the last few days. No one talked of the future. They spoke only in the present tense and said nothing that mattered. 
The emotional atmosphere, on the other hand, hung heavy around them. Certainly reason enough for that, Grace thought. But why couldn’t they connect with each other? She hardly knew these men. They’d been civil over the past four months on the station, but they hadn’t developed relationships. They’d had no reason to believe they’d even see each other after the assignment was over.
And now they were dying together. Grace quivered at the strangeness of that fact, then quivered more violently as she thought of her husband and her boys. If only she could have been there—could have died with them. 
But she was here now, and being closer to her colleagues might help the loneliness as they waited for the end. They needed an ice breaker. 
It was Eric who finally gave them one. He disappeared into the sleeping quarters and came back with a deck of cards. “Anybody for a game of Rummy?” 
Archie looked up from his work. Grace waited for him to say, “No time, Eric. I’ve got work to do.” 
But he didn’t have work to do. None of them did. Not any more. They needed an activity, and Eric was offering them one. Archie hesitated.
“Come on Captain,” Eric said, shuffling through the cards. “It’ll be good for morale.” 
Archie smiled. “You’re right, Eric. It’s a good idea.” He got up, stretched, and came across the room. Even Charles, abandoning his research notes, ambled over and settled down with the others at the galley table. 
“Go over the rules again.” Archie said. “It’s been a long time since I’ve played.” So Eric explained. Then he shuffled, dealt seven cards to each hand, placed the deck in the middle of the table and turned over the top card. 
Something else turned over with it. Little by little they began interacting. At first they talked only about the game, reviewing the rules, clarifying the scoring, arguing occasionally about whose turn it was. But when the play became more routine they began talking about other things. 
One by one they turned over the cards of their lives, learning a little here, sharing a little there. By the end of the day, after twenty or thirty games and one more to break a winning tie between Charles and Archie, they were almost friends. 
They’d stopped for lunch and again for dinner, but they hadn’t even bothered to raise the blinds. Later in the evening, long past their bedtime, Grace moved to the lee window and pushed up the blind. The others wandered over to look out. The luminous outline of the green material gleamed dimly below. Nighttime had drawn its own shade over the clearing. The body was invisible, shrouded with the eerie, iridescent glow of the evening. 
They stood together silently. Then Grace said, “I’d almost forgotten. We’ve just lost one more day of our lives and I forgot for a while.” She smiled up at Eric. “Thanks. It was a breath of fresh air.” She pulled the shade back down and they went to bed.
* * *
Lunch was over. Charles was puttering in the galley. Grace had gone to the bathroom. Archie had just signed off on the radio and was sitting down for a cup of coffee with Eric when the knock came. It was a determined, forceful rap, repeated seven times, and it came from outside the boot room. 
Charles yelped and dropped a mixing bowl on the floor. Archie spilled his coffee in his lap. Eric spit his first mouthful across the room. Grace wandered in from the passageway. “What was that noise?” she asked. 
No one answered. No one breathed. The knock came again, not a rap this time, but a persistent, rapid banging, carrying more than a hint of determined exasperation. 



CHAPTER FIVE
Zinovy opened his eyes, gradually absorbing an atmosphere that moved around his mind and seeped gently into a deeper part of him. He became aware, again, of the smell—so potent it had weakened his knees and dropped him to the ground. Something about the scent carried him back to his past. What was it? 
The memory, when it came, presented itself complete in every detail. He was six years old and he stood in a field. A golden sliver of light shimmered along the horizon. He’d left his bed, awakened by the gentle twittering of the morning birds, and tiptoed barefoot out of the house to watch the earth come into focus with the dawn. The smell of ripe wheat, wet with dew, filled his nostrils, heightening his senses and forcing him to exist, for the moment, totally in the present. 
Perhaps because he was alone, he felt a kinship with the earth and its living, growing things. A yearning awakened in him. The yearning was all the more poignant because he didn’t understand it. He stood motionless for a long time, not wanting to break the spell. 
He was on his way to a new home. He’d stopped at the collective the night before with his uncle, an inspection official who was gathering information to be used in setting quotas for next year’s production. Because he was leaving loneliness behind and had not yet discovered there were worse things ahead, he’d been almost happy. He remembered drawing his first breath of relief from the constant, aching grief that had throbbed in his heart since his mother’s murder the year before. 
This moment was to become his only pleasant childhood memory. 
Now, lying on a verdant bed that smelled like ripe wheat at dawn, Zinovy was once more alone, and longing, again, for something he couldn’t identify. 
The memory of the wheat field was a catalyst, generating more recollections, one after another. He’d heard this happened to people when they were dying, and he gave himself over to the experience. The oldest memory, wrenched from his early childhood, was dark and bloody. He’d been grief stricken, dragged by two neighbor women from the scene of his mother’s death, straining against their insistent pull, longing to rush back to her battered body. The women talked but their words washed over him, beyond his comprehension at the time. His mind was full of the blood, bright and red, spurting from his mother’s head, spilling into great puddles on the ground.
“She was mad, gone totally insane,” the one said. “It was the religion that did it.”
“Maybe, but maybe not. Wouldn’t you go mad if . . . ” 
The sentence trailed off. Zinovy, sobbing uncontrollably, looked up through tear-filled eyes and saw fear flicker over the other’s face as she looked over her shoulder. Then she pursed her lips and turned around. “Come on Zinovy. You’re coming to live with us.” They’d carried him away, struggling, but powerless in the grip of their large, farm-hardened hands. 
Zinovy came back to the present, remembered where he was, and groaned. His limbs lay heavy, pinned against the ground by the backwash of emotions from his encounter with his past—by the memory of the helplessness he’d felt in the grip of his grief and the rough hands of the women. Now, after all these years, when he should have been in control, that old feeling of powerlessness engulfed him. He lay constrained, bound by the last inevitable imprisonment—the ultimate bondage.
It occurred to him that he might already be dead. With difficulty, he moved his right shoulder and winced. No, not yet. He could feel his bruises against the solid earth, and there was definitely no darkness, no oblivion. 
His body began to tingle. The radiation was starting its grim work. Willing himself into action, he sat up and looked around. 
The glimmering green world he’d seen from the window of the spacecraft was clearer down here. The haze above him still shimmered, but on the ground it diffused, casting a subtle hue of a color he couldn’t name over the landscape. He shook his head. His eyes must have been affected by the radiation. It wouldn’t be long before other symptoms would develop. 
He pulled himself to a standing position and took a cautious step or two. The ground gave softly under his feet. He took a few more steps, moving toward the edge of the clearing where the mirage of the boy had appeared for that brief, delusory moment, and the explorer in him began to awaken. Those filigreed fronds he’d noticed from the ship—what did they look like up close? What lay beyond them in the dark green thickness? 
A euphonic murmur grew more urgent in his ears as he approached the mysterious growth. It sounded like bird song, but that was impossible. The noise must be produced by the wavering light waves, like the crackle of the aurora. He hesitated. Was it wise to move closer? Then he remembered, with some astonishment, that it didn’t really matter anymore what he did. He moved to a section of dense greenery, parted it with his hands, and stepped into an incredible world. 
Everything he saw challenged the shape of the analytical box he’d drawn around reality. None of it should have been there. Birds flitted through the branches of giant trees on glittering wings, filling the air with their melodies. Robins and swallows and several species of sparrows hopped from branch to branch, moving in and out among the leaves as if they felt at home in this great, green bower and had been there forever. Large, graceful cranes and majestic egrets rode on invisible air currents from one treetop to another. 
Zinovy stood and watched them, forgetting he was dying—forgetting everything, lost in the wonder of the green world around him. 
Yes, it was vegetation. Such a variety of plants he couldn’t begin to name them. He moved forward, tentatively at first, then more deliberately. Finally, giving in to the lure of the mystery, he began walking. 
He walked through groves of lush, graceful trees with flat leaves the size of his chest, and on through pale green shrubbery crowned with darker fronds that spilled over their tops, almost touching the ground in places. He pushed aside long, thin tendrils draped across his path, hanging from trees so tall he couldn’t see their tops. He pulled down a low-hanging branch to inspect leaves that resembled large cups, thick at their base, thinning through their middles to delicately fluted rims. No science books had ever described wonders such as these. 
And the smell—the scent was everywhere. The crisp, dewy aroma he’d first noticed gave way to others—sweet, tangy, sharp—as varied as the sights around him. He breathed deeply, captivated by the sensations, forgetting the danger of the radiation in the lustrous sheen of the air around him. 
He pushed on past the nearer vegetation into more open areas. Here, the topography varied as well, though without clearly defined contrasts. The ground undulated gently, rising to rounded crests in some places, dipping into shallow valleys in others, blanketed with patches of vegetation, all shapes and sizes. Yellow-green thickets sheltered by overhanging branches, led into denser, lime-colored clumps of close-grown shrubs, or opened out into broad verdant meadows, or gave way to tall, emerald forests of more trees he did not recognize.
Zinovy walked for hours, losing track of time, stopping often to drink from his canteen, until he finally realized he was hungry. He sat down under a palm tree and took out the granola bar Chang had tucked into his pocket. At the time it had seemed a ridiculous gesture, but now he was glad she’d done it. 
After he’d eaten, he unleashed the canteen and took another long drink, noticing that his water was nearly gone. Then he slept, stretched out flat on his back under the palm, the exhilaration of his expedition giving way to the tiredness in his limbs. 
He woke in minutes, it seemed, alert and clear-headed. He glanced at his watch and frowned. Something was wrong. He shook the watch, then shook it again, but the second hand continued to move steadily around the face of the clock, counting off the minutes as it must have done during the eighteen hours he slept. Eighteen hours. It seemed like only minutes had passed, and yet it seemed like years. “Time is turned upside down,” he muttered to himself. “Everything is upside down.” He put his hands to his temples and tried to remember what the world had been like before, but the memory of the old reality was impossible to hold onto while this new reality swelled around him, filling his senses with glorious sights and sounds and smells. 
Suddenly he wanted to share the discovery of this bright, new world with his colleagues. He would go back to the ship and get them, tell them to come out. He would tell them that this atmosphere, deadly though it might be in the end, was a much better place to die.
Then he realized he didn’t know where they were. 
* * *
Zinovy spent the next half-hour striding back and forth through the iridescent haze, lashing himself for the fool he’d been. How could he have allowed the discipline that regulated his life to relax into the mindless stupor that had overcome him since he left the ship? 
He saw himself again as he lay helpless in the mossy clearing; as he wandered aimlessly through the green landscape; as he slept under the palm tree. He’d been bewitched, and now he was lost in a foreign world. He needed to find the crew, but he had no idea where to begin looking for them. 
Finally he stopped pacing and looked around. A small hill rose steeply to his right. He climbed it and peered into the distance, trying to picture the way he’d come. The view stretched for miles with no evidence of a trail, no sign of a landmark, no glint of sun on shiny surface that might indicate the ship’s location. 
There was, in fact, no sun. He squinted at the sky, shading his eyes out of habit, but it wasn’t necessary. The atmosphere around him shone as bright as noon on the clearest day, but there was no glare. “And no visible light source,” he added aloud. How could a person find direction without the sun?
He decided to follow his instincts, since his intellect, it seemed, had deserted him. He set out determinedly from behind the tree he’d slept under. Thirst added to his frustration. He uncapped the canteen and swallowed the last of the water. It was then he realized the hopelessness of his situation. It might take days to find the ship. He stopped still at the thought. “What is the use?” he asked, talking to the glittering air. There was no answer. He began to move forward again. “I have no choice,” he reasoned. “I might as well die trying.” 
The sound of his own voice worried him. He swore. “I’m talking to myself now.” He picked up his pace, hurrying in what might well have been the wrong direction, trying to outdistance his growing panic. 
Two hours later he pushed his way through another clump of dense shrubbery and found himself in the space shuttle clearing. Amazement, then relief flooded over him. The ship stood, as he’d left it, in the center of the landing area. He must have walked in a great circle. 
He broke into a run, covering the space between the edge of the clearing and the ship in seconds. Then he stopped. 
Something wasn’t right. The blinds were drawn. He looked at his watch. It was nearly 15:00 hours. They should be up and active. 
The thought came that they might have decided to end it all early. Shock overcame him. If they were no longer there then he was alone. He’d never minded being alone before, but now . . . .
He rallied himself. He was acting the fool again. He needed to take control and function as a rational human being. The crew had to be in there, perhaps sleeping, or back in the lab. He pondered about how best to rouse them. The ship was soundproof, so yelling wouldn’t work, and with the shade down they couldn’t see him. 
It occurred to him he could simply go up and knock on the door. He hitched his empty canteen closer to his waist, climbed the ladder to the module, and crawled inside, bracing himself for the smell. The bodies of Redmond and Rudzinski would be badly decomposed by now. He took one shallow breath before he went on. The air was sweet. He glanced at the corpses. The shadowy forms still rested there, though the plastic coverings had wilted somewhat, as if their contents had shrunk. 
He crossed to the inner door and stopped, considering. He needed a hard object. He detached a titanium rod from the wall next to the fire extinguisher, banged on the door, and waited. No response. He pounded more forcefully and waited. Still no response. How could he get through to them? 
His eyes rested on the row of EMU’s hanging on the wall beside him. Glaston had serviced one for his use. Which one? He lifted the suit nearest the door and attached the helmet containing the communications assembly to the upper torso, swearing at the awkwardness of the procedure. Finally, cradling the whole thing in his arms, he pushed the button on the chest control unit and the radio activation light went on. Leaning close to the mouthpiece inside the helmet, he spoke: “Berry, this is Kozlov. Do you read me?” 
Silence reigned for an excruciatingly long time. Finally, Berry’s shaken voice came through the micro-speaker. “Zinovy, is that you?” Then, more steadily, “Where on earth are you?” 
* * *
The crew hadn’t opened the door immediately. They’d prepared themselves to face one kind of death and were resolutely moving toward it. To choose another required some mental readjusting. 
Archie frowned. Another impossible decision. “What do you think?” he asked. 
“This is interesting, amazing in fact,” Eric said. “Why isn’t he dead? It doesn’t make sense.” 
“Ellen’s best case scenario included the possibility of short term survival,” Archie said. “It looks like that’s what we’ve got.” He shuffled through some papers on his desk. “Eric, what were the latest readings on external radiation levels?” 
“I gave the data to Grace.”
“It’s still high,” Grace said. “No change since we got here.” She thought a moment. “If there’s been no change at all, maybe there’s a problem with the instruments. I don’t know why we didn’t think of that before. Maybe the initial dose when we landed registered so high the gauges were damaged, frozen in that extreme position.” 
“But, even if the readings are useless, the levels still have to be high. How long since the event? A week? There’s still enough junk out there to kill us. I mean, you can see it in the air, for God’s sake.” 
This comment came from Charles. Archie flashed him a look. He met Archie’s gaze and continued, “I don’t want to open the door. We’d lose oxygen in the process, and the radiation would come in with him. We’d all be exposed and there’d be no going back.” 
Charles’s diatribe silenced them all. Archie wasn’t sure how to respond. Grace rescued him. “You have a point, Charles,” she said. “But it’s not like it’ll make a great difference to us. We’ll have to leave eventually anyway.”
“It’s not just when we leave. It’s how. Why should I be forced into radiation sickness because he wants back in?” 
Another long silence filled the room. Archie was thinking of the third option Charles seemed to have forgotten. No one else seemed prepared to remind him. 
Grace finally spoke up again. “I don’t like to think of the radiation either, Charles, but we can’t be so selfish. We’re safe in here, at least for now, but he’s not. He’s out of water.” 
She folded her arms and frowned at Charles. “We watched him die once, or thought we did. I don’t want to watch it happen again. I vote we let him in.”
Archie turned to Eric. “What about you?” 
“I’m curious,” Eric said. “And I’m surprised you aren’t too, Charles. Zinovy said he found plants. You should be chomping at the bit.” 
“It’s not worth it. I’m not keen on plants that reek of radiation.” 
Archie stood, walked to the window, and looked out. Zinovy had obviously given up on an immediate response from the crew. He sat in the clearing below, the EMU beside him, eating his fruit leather. He appeared no different than when he’d left—no sign of weakness or deterioration. He removed the cap from his canteen and turned it upside down. The empty canteen was the deciding factor. Archie turned to the group. “Grace is right. We can’t leave him out there.” He went to the comm unit and pressed a button. “All right, Zinovy,” he said. “Come on up.”
* * *
Zinovy squeezed through the half-opened door into the command center and Glaston slammed it shut. They watched the luminous evil creep in behind him. It curled its tentacles around the edges of the room and moved inward, approaching each of the occupants stealthily, wrapping them in its arms, beginning its slow, vicious stranglehold on their limbs and their organs. 
Zinovy stood, just inside the door, and saw the worry behind the welcome in their eyes. He wasn’t much into expressions of gratitude, but this seemed an appropriate moment. “Thank you,” he said.
Berry broke the silence that followed. “Charles, I think Zinovy could do with a glass of water. Would you get it for him?”
Carter hesitated. Then he headed to the galley, filled half a glass, and brought it to Zinovy. Zinovy downed it in one gulp and wiped his mouth on his sleeve. Glaston brought him a piece of toast leftover from breakfast and a bottle of orange juice, glaring at Carter as he passed. 
“All right, Zinovy. What happened to you out there?” Berry leaned back and put his hands in his pockets. The others leaned forward in their seats. 
Zinovy brushed crumbs from his mouth as he searched for words to describe his experience. “It was strange, for sure.” Then he told them the story, leaving out nothing but his fanciful memory surge at the beginning and the anxiety about being lost at the end. 
“Amazing,” Berry said when he was through. “And the strangest thing is the radiation. You’ve felt no effects at all?” 
“None. I was really thirsty. That might be a symptom. And I felt a tingling at the beginning, but it didn’t last. Maybe I adjusted to it.” 
They studied him closely, wondering, he was sure, when the effect of the radiation would show up and what it would look like. They all knew it was just a matter of time. 
Brainstorming about more positive possibilities was irresistible, however. “Is it possible that the radiation has dispersed?” Chang said. “Remember that heavy layer of condensation we ran into when we passed through the electrical storm? Maybe the radiation has risen up above the lower atmospheric layers, leaving a relatively clean stratum here at ground level.” 
“That might be,” Zinovy said. “When I looked up I could see a long way into the atmosphere. I would say visibility was clear up to . . . well, I don’t know how far, actually. I couldn’t see the sun. That was another strange thing. The air was bright enough to be direct sunlight, but I couldn’t find a light source.”
Berry ended their speculation. “Much as we’d all like to believe the danger has passed, we can’t. The radiation is there. We’ll just have to wait for developments and do what we can about them when they come.” 
But there was nothing they could do. Zinovy’s rational mind brought him abruptly up against the brick wall of reality. The situation galled him. He was used to solving problems, by force if necessary.
“So,” Berry went on, “What’s our next move?” He waited for a suggestion. None came. “We’ll have to leave the ship eventually,” he prompted. Still no comment from the crew. “Do we stay here until the oxygen is gone?” 
Zinovy hadn’t stopped to think that the rest of the crew might decide to stay in the shuttle. He winced. The radiation outside was an invisible coffin, but he’d come to prefer it strongly over this visible one. He cast around in his mind for a good reason they should leave immediately, but found none. He was pretty sure the fact that he was strangling in the closeness of the cabin wouldn’t qualify. So he waited and sweated quietly as they discussed their options once again.
In the end it was a small thing—the gauge on the oxygen tanks—that came to his rescue. Berry sent Glaston to check the supply and he came back with the news that they were already well into the red alert range on the last canister. Berry swore. “We should have more than that.”
“I told you,” Carter said. “We lost it when we opened the door for Zinovy.”
Berry frowned and turned to Zinovy. “If it’s in the red, how much time do we have?”
Zinovy shrugged. “Twelve hours, give or take.” 
“Then if we stay in here tonight, it could run out when we’re asleep,” Chang said.
They thought for a moment.
“Well,” Glaston finally said. “That would be one way to go.”
Berry walked to the communication console. “I’m going to call Anderson. See if they have any more information.”
Zinovy paced while Berry made his call. He’d appreciated the drink of water, but now the walls were closing in on him. He listened to the conversation between the two commanders, impatient with the back and forth of their discussion. Anderson had not learned any more about conditions outside. Finally, Berry signed off, turned around to the crew, and announced his decision.
“There’s no sense in our staying in any longer,” he said. “If Zinovy survived outside for twenty-four hours, we might as well go out too. We’ll leave as soon as we can make the necessary preparations.” 
Zinovy breathed a sigh of relief.
As it turned out, there weren’t many preparations to make. They would turn off the oxygen, saving what little was left in case they had to move back into the artificial environment for some reason. 
“We don’t need to take anything with us,” Berry said. “We can come back for supplies if we need them.” Zinovy took note of the word, ‘if’. 
Soon there was nothing left to do but open the door and climb out. Berry glanced around the cabin one more time. Then he moved to the door, opened it, crossed through to the outside hatch, and looked out into the brightness. Zinovy, last in line, gritted his teeth and groaned. Berry looked back and frowned. Then he descended the ladder to the ground below and the crew followed. 
Minutes later they were standing in the middle of the clearing, on their feet, but overcome, as Zinovy had been, by the onslaught of wild sensations. For some time they stood, seeing, feeling, smelling, listening. At last Glaston spoke. “Holy dooley. This is something else!” 
His simple exclamation seemed to express everyone’s feelings. They walked around, testing the sponginess under their feet, and Zinovy once again savored the strange, invigorating intensity of the air as the light breeze brushed his skin. Once more the smells accosted him, exhilarating, slightly familiar yet different, harmonizing with the subdued but happy chatter coming from beyond the fringe of trees at the edge of the clearing.
“You say that’s birdsong?” Berry asked.
Zinovy nodded. 
But the overwhelming impression—even for Zinovy, who’d lived in it already—was the color. All the usual hues surrounded them, but others as well, ones that didn’t fit on the spectrum. The air was full of rainbow. 
“So this is what it’s like to look at the world through rose-colored glasses,” Chang said. “But it’s not rose. What is it? I can’t quite identify that color, or colors I guess. It’s more than one.” 
No one answered. Thought was difficult. Sensations overwhelmed the brain, so they marveled wordlessly. They wandered around, staying in sight of the shuttle, checking for landmarks, finding none, other than the vague outline of the landing pad.
An hour later, Berry stood with Zinovy looking toward the horizon. He shook his head. “Unbelievable that none of the buildings are left. This grass looks healthy. No sign of radioactive damage. Where did it come from?” 
Zinovy had no answer. 
Berry glanced at the sky. The light was softening. “It’s 18:00, people. We need to head back to the ship for the night.”
Zinovy wasn’t the only one who dragged his feet on the return. Glaston dawdled, kicking at the tufts of mossy carpet under his feet. Carter had ventured as far as the edge of the clearing to confirm Zinovy’s report about the vegetation there, and even he was beginning to show signs of interest. The spell of the place had fallen on all of them. But hunger pangs began to gnaw, so they turned and headed back to the shuttle as the muted light of nightfall stole across the clearing.
“We’ve got things to do,” Berry said as they ate. “I need to report to Anderson. Then we’ll discuss further plans in the morning.”
 They’d all studiously ignored the two bodies in the boot room, but Zinovy suspected taking care of them would be the first thing on Berry’s list. Sure enough, before they turned in for the night, Berry drew Zinovy aside. “Come with me to check on the bodies. I want to see what we have to deal with tomorrow.” 
They entered the module and approached the morgue corner. Zinovy looked down at the silent mounds on the floor. The plastic coverings had wilted somewhat and now hung loosely around the remains. The corpses had obviously undergone a radical decomposition. There was no odor. There was very little substance.
 Zinovy lifted a corner of the cocoon around Redmond’s body and dropped it again, surprised at its lightness. “Something has happened to the water content,” he said. The remains had more structure than a pile of ashes, but their mass seemed not much greater than cremation residue. 
“It’s good the decomposition has proceeded so quickly,” Berry said, echoing Zinovy’s thoughts. “The bodies won’t need any preparation. They’ll be light to transport and we shouldn’t need face masks.”
“They may be a problem to pick up,” Zinovy observed, looking down at the wrappings. “Could lose something out the edges. What we need is a couple of body bags.” The Galaxy Gaia had none. The station had been equipped, but body bags were not among the items the crew had selected for salvage in their haste to leave. 
“Should we check the contents?” Berry asked. 
Zinovy shrugged. “No need. We know what’s in there.” Strange to think that three days ago these had been living human beings. Now they were piles of dust. 
Berry glanced outside. “It’s good that odor isn’t a problem,” he said. “We’ll have to leave both doors open tonight, now that the oxygen’s turned off.”
Zinovy was relieved. He couldn’t imagine how he’d ever tolerated closed doors. As they walked back into the cabin, he considered taking his mattress outside. In the end he compromised by dragging it from the bunkroom into the cabin and positioning it under the window closest to the door. Glaston joined him. The rest went to sleep in their bunks and slept soundly, exhausted from the excitement of the day. 
Zinovy lay awake in the dim cabin, enveloped in a strange silence. Shutting down the air conditioning system had ended all unnatural sounds in this mysterious new world. He wondered if he’d ever hear the whir of technology again. 
* * *
Zinovy woke early, roused by Berry’s frustrated voice barking into the radio receiver. He sat up and squinted through the open module doors toward the glistening morning outside. 
Berry punched more buttons at the console. “I can’t figure out where they are. Anderson was maintaining a round-the-clock watch for survivors.” 
Zinovy rubbed his eyes. “Either they made contact already or they’ve given up.” 
At 06:30, Canaveral came on line. The rest of the crew crawled out of their bunks and huddled around Berry as news from below filtered in. 
Anderson’s voice blasted into the cabin, sounding out of place in the still atmosphere of the dead airship. “The great thing is,” he said, “we’ve finally connected with some other underground bases. Three, so far.” 
Zinovy sat up, suddenly alert. “Ask them who. Who’s reported in?”
Berry relayed the question and Anderson answered: “We’ve heard from Eindhoven, Ancora and Incirlik. Haven’t been able to rouse anyone else yet, but we’ll keep trying. If three bases survived, they all could have.”
Zinovy was fully awake and thinking. FSB headquarters had no underground bunker, but its basement was deep, catacombed with passageways people could hunker down in. If Anton had made it there before the blast . . . . 
The desire to avenge Nadya’s death swept through Zinovy’s veins once more. St. Petersburg, or what was left of it, was 6000 miles away. An impossible distance, considering. But if there was any way he could get there . . . . Zinovy had just been given a strong reason to survive. Impossible, but the thought lingered.
Berry and Anderson talked for twenty minutes while the shuttle crew grabbed a cold breakfast and cleaned up the galley, their bodies inside, but their curious minds already outside in the glittering world. Finally the underground briefing ended and they gathered once more in the cabin to hear their leader’s plans for the immediate future. 
“First, we have to deal with the bodies,” Berry began. “We need a proper burial. I’m not sure how to go about that. Any ideas?”
It was an awkward process. No one knew how to go about dismissing the spirits of the departed. Zinovy doubted that any of them actually believed the departed had spirits to dismiss, but they seemed driven by some vague sense that closure must be brought to the two lives that were gone. 
“So, what do we say?” Berry asked. “We don’t have a religious book to read from do we?” 
They didn’t. Religious books had been banned by the Regime three years ago in an attempt to neutralize the archaic belief structures that had caused so much chaos during the centuries before the final, inevitable centralization of society. 
“I seem to remember something about ‘dust thou art and to dust thou shalt return,’” Glaston said. 
It seemed an appropriate epitaph, considering the state the bodies were in, but Chang demurred. “That’s not very uplifting. Maybe we could do some kind of a short eulogy for them.” 
“Okay. Who’s going to do it? I can read something over the bodies, if someone else will do the wording.” Berry looked from one to the other and they all looked at Chang. 
“Grace, you knew Ellen better than the rest of us. Could you do a write up for her?”
 She thought she could probably come up with something, and with a little coaxing she agreed to do a write-up for Redmond as well. So the job of wording the eulogies was delegated and they proceeded with the other items on Berry’s agenda. 
The process should have been straightforward, but it wasn’t.




CHAPTER SIX
It looked simple on paper: first, the burials; next, preliminary exploration into the regions beyond the clearing; then, communication of their findings to the underground base. 
Berry had said nothing about their most serious problems. The more precise instruments they had in the ship measured current radiation levels at 550 mSv, both inside and out. No human had ever encountered levels so high. Historically, the Tehran event had produced the highest levels—350 mSv—over one hundred times those of the Hiroshima bomb. Everyone within a radius of 200 kilometers from the Tehran catastrophe had died immediately. Zinovy watched the others prepare to execute the day’s activities and his sense of purpose wavered. Was anyone thinking rationally? What they were doing was nonsense. Doing anything was nonsense. 
Berry poked him in the side. “Come on. We have work to do.” Zinovy shook his head and grunted. 
Carter went to the ship’s cargo bay to find something to dig with. Berry and Zinovy went into the docking module and stood over the bodies. The problem was logistical. “How are we going to manage this?” Berry asked. “Do we have anything to carry them with?” 
“There’s a stretcher on the wall there, but that won’t work. We’d have to tilt it too much to get it down the ladder.” Zinovy considered. “I think, the condition the bodies are in, we should just put them in some kind of sling.”
“How about sheets? Maybe the ones on their bunks?”
So they made two slings, deposited the remains in them, plastic wrappings and all, and lowered first Rudzinski and then Redmond to the ground. One minor difficulty solved. Another to go.
Carter had located a couple of spades with very short handles, designed to retrieve rock samples from planets other than earth, but they were workable. Berry and Zinovy selected a location not far from the ship and Carter and Glaston set to work digging. Glaston was three feet down when his spade hit something solid. 
“Archie, get over here,” Carter called across the clearing. “We’ve run into a snag.”
Berry and Zinovy trotted over. “It’s concrete,” Glaston said, clearing a space large enough to inspect.
The four men peered into the hole. “So we are on the landing pad for sure,” Berry said. He looked up at the ship. “That would explain the settling of the shuttle when we landed. The landing gear must have sunk into the sod. It’s resting on the concrete now.”
“That means digging here’s a waste,” Carter said. “Where’s the canteen? I need a drink.”
Glaston grinned at his crewmate. “It’s not a waste, Charles. Exercise is good for you.” 
Berry eyed the fringe on the edge of the clearing. “We’ll need to move the cemetery over there somewhere.” 
So the four went off to look for a suitable gravesite. They finally settled on a sheltered space in the center of a small copse of trees, and Carter and Glaston once again began digging. 
Digging here was easy. After the first foot and a half they hit a loose, loamy soil that came up as if it had been recently disturbed. They cleared two areas roughly four feet deep, three feet long and three feet wide. It was enough. They lowered the remains of their crewmates into the graves and prepared for the ceremony. 
Berry presided. The rest stood around and looked into the holes. 
Chang had done a pretty good job with the wording of the eulogies, Zinovy thought, considering what she had to work with. She’d said some affirmative things about each of them, highlighting their contributions to the space program. Berry read the epitaphs, then concluded with a short statement of farewell. For lack of a more definite audience, he addressed his final words to the two who had gone beyond the sound of his voice: “We wish you well. May you rest eternally in this beautiful place.” It seemed a fitting substitute for a closing prayer. 
In the moment of silence that followed, Zinovy thought of the waste of the two lives at his feet. Their deaths seemed premature, futile. Yet were they? What suffering would have been ahead of them if they had stayed? Maybe they’d chosen the best way. 
The deed was done. Carter and Glaston spaded the dirt over the bodies and Zinovy helped them lay sod on top. 
“We need some kind of grave marker,” Berry said. “No, not the spades. We might need them. Charles, go to the ship and find something else. Grace, you can go help him.” 
Chang came back with two small kit boxes containing some of the deceased’s personal items and a permanent marker. Glaston and Zinovy pressed the containers into the loose soil at the head of each grave. 
“Does anyone know if they had middle names?” Chang asked. No one did, so she wrote “Ellen Rudzinski” and “Daniel Redmond” on the lids. Then they returned to the clearing ready to proceed with the next item on the list. Zinovy looked at his watch. It was just after 15:00. The burials had taken longer than they should have, but there was still time for exploration before the day ended. 
Berry called them together. “All right. We need to do some reconnaissance. Zinovy, which direction did you take when you went the other day?”
Zinovy pointed. “Into the forest over there, west of the shuttle door.” He hesitated. “I think that’s west. I don’t know for sure.” He looked around. 
Berry scratched his head. “What position would the Galaxy Gaia be in when she landed?” Redmond would know, but he was unavailable for questioning. 
“Maybe we should talk to the Florida base.” 
Glaston went off to radio the base while the others stood around and discussed the possibilities. 
“If that’s west,” Berry said, pointing to the place Zinovy had entered the forest, “Then the ocean should be over here.” He swiveled 180 degrees to his left. Chang, Zinovy and Carter followed his gesture. Nothing but green growth met their gaze. “How far away would it be?”
Zinovy longed for action. “We can find out.” 
“Hold on, Zinovy. We need to know directions first. We need a compass.” 
Carter growled. “Why would there be a compass on a spaceship?” 
“Forget a compass. We have a GPS,” Zinovy said.
Glaston came back with the instrument in his hand. The underground crew had suggested it. “They have no idea how the shuttle would sit in relation to their position. The question has never come up.” 
The crew huddled over the GPS. Zinovy’s instinct had been almost bang on. 
“So,” Berry said. “Futch Cove should be about a mile away in that direction.” He pointed east.
“I’ll check it out,” Zinovy said, reaching for the GPS.
Glaston wanted to join him and Chang asked if she could go along to take notes. “All right,” Berry said. “Be back in two hours. That should give you plenty of time.” 
Carter had other plans. “I’m going into the woods to check out the vegetation, maybe do some sampling. The stuff is unusual. Most of it I’ve never seen before.”
“Watch it,” Zinovy said. “It’s easy to lose your bearings once you get in there.” 
Carter glared at Zinovy, then trudged off toward the fringe without replying. Zinovy watched him disappear into the foliage and smiled. Carter would get lost for sure. 
Berry interrupted his enjoyment. “Get going, Zinovy. I want to know more about this place before we make our next move.” So Zinovy turned and trotted away. 
* * *
The exploration crew headed toward a latitude/longitude axis that should have put them on the beach in less than twenty minutes, but it took them longer. Glaston and Chang weren’t focusing on the mission. They wandered along, looking up and around—everywhere but at their feet. Zinovy carried the GPS and nudged them occasionally to keep them on track. 
 The vegetation in this easterly direction was much like what Zinovy had found to the west. Some of the more tropical species looked native to the area, but many did not. Most everything was out of place. Tall pines grew next to spreading oaks and maples. Olive and tamarind trees dotted the less densely forested sections. But most of the trees Zinovy could not even identify, and all were flush with new growth. 
None of the plants were in bloom; no fruits were forming; just leaves and vines and stalks and branches, in every conceivable shade of green, and some shades that were not conceivable. The fluorescent air must account for the riot of color, Zinovy decided. There was no other rational explanation.
He came up against Chang, knee deep in rushes, breathing deeply of the shimmering air. They stood together on the edge of a long, gentle slope leading down ahead of them into a broad valley filled with patches of shimmering lime, deep green, and aquamarine.
“I can’t believe how overpowering the smells are,” Chang said. “I’ll get a whiff of something spicy, then the next breath is something sweet. And then there will be something I’ve never smelled before.”
“That’s fine,” Zinovy said. “Just don’t stop to do your sniffing. We’ll never find the ocean at this rate.”
They walked for another hour and a half before Zinovy decided they must be lost. “We should have made it to Futch Cove long before this.” He frowned at the instrument in his hand. “We should have been able to see the water just after we crossed that grassy stip of land that looked like it might have been Kennedy Parkway. But that was over an hour ago.” 
Glaston stood on a mound of spongy moss beside him and looked over his shoulder. “The GPS is placing us three miles into the water right here.”
“That can’t be right.”
“Maybe the air has damaged the GPS,” Chang said. 
“I don’t know. But we might as well go back. This is getting us nowhere.”
“Going back will get us nowhere if the GPS is broken,” Glaston pointed out. 
Zinovy frowned at him and they turned from the valley and reversed their steps. Two hours later they spotted the shuttle through the filigreed fronds of the vegetation surrounding the landing site. Zinovy saw his relief mirrored on Berry’s face when they came through a break in the vegetation at the edge of the clearing. 
“Archie, you’re not going to believe this,” Glaston called when they were within earshot. 
“Things are getting stranger all the time,” Chang said. 
Zinovy waited until they were closer, then gave his report. It was a short one. “There is no ocean,” he said. 
Berry frowned. “What do you mean there’s no ocean? Did you get lost?”
“I don’t know. We went to the spot where it should be and past there, but we found nothing but vegetation. Either the landing pad has moved, or the ocean.”
Zinovy saw the commander’s face tighten. He knew what Berry was thinking. They’d been talking to the Florida base, all the time assuming it was somewhere in the vicinity of the grounded shuttle. They’d dug down and found the concrete of the pad below them. They had to be where they thought they were. And the ocean had to be nearby. But it wasn’t.
Zinovy studied the uncharacteristic annoyance on Berry’s face, and his stomach growled. “I’m hungry. Let’s eat. We can deal with this later. There has to be a reasonable explanation.” 
Carter had not come back. “No sense in searching, since we have no idea where to look,” Berry said. He and Glaston went to the ship to begin supper and Chang went with them. Zinovy lingered near the edge of the clearing where Carter had disappeared. If he never came back it wouldn’t matter. One less annoyance to deal with. 
But then Carter broke through the brush at his elbow. Zinovy caught a fleeting look of relief on his face and smiled. “Hello,” he said. “We were worried about you. What took you so long?” Carter hitched a garbage bag of plant specimens higher on his shoulder. “What’s that? It looks like you’ve pulled the forest up by the roots.”
Carter grumbled an unintelligible reply and marched off toward the shuttle. Zinovy turned and followed, smirking as he watched clumps of soil drop from the root of an especially large sample with every heavy step Carter took.
Vacuum-packed chicken casserole was on the menu that night with cherry cobbler for dessert. It was a celebration of sorts. They were all together, still in one piece, still free of radiation sickness. Any day ending that way from now on, Zinovy decided, would be worth celebrating. 
* * *
Zinovy shut his eyes against the glow of the morning light, dragged himself across the module floor and stumbled down the ladder. He missed the last rung, landed in a pool of bloody vomit, and lay panting, waiting for the strength to get up. A craving for fresh air had driven him from the ship. Blind instinct told him the others needed it as well. 
He pulled himself together, wiped the slime from his scruffy chin, and headed back up. He found Glaston inside the cabin door, groaning in a pool of his own crimson-streaked vomit. Zinovy grabbed him by the waistband, hauled him through the module, lowered him part way down and dropped him. Then he went back. Halfway down the hall he ran into Berry. “Get out of here,” he said. “I’ll get the others.” He found Chang in her bunk, retching violently, and Carter with his head in the toilet.
Within minutes they all lay sprawled on the ground at the base of the ladder, gasping for air. Zinovy drifted in and out of consciousness. Bloody hallucinations tormented his semi-conscious moments, the revulsion of his phobia driving him insane with each wave of the bright, red images. Minutes later—or was it hours?—the sound of Anderson’s voice, urgent, demanding, jarred him fully awake. “This is Canaveral, calling Gaia. I repeat: come in, Gaia. Where are you?”
Zinovy hauled himself up the ladder and clicked into the receiver. “We’ve got a problem,” he said. 
“What problem?” Anderson asked. “Where’s Berry?” 
Zinovy, not into long explanations at the best of times, scrambled back down, delivered the message, and watched through bleary eyes as Berry struggled up into the cabin. Then his head fell back, visions of red still swimming through the pain at the back of his neck. His stomach churned, sending knives into his gut with every movement, but nothing came up any more. 
It seemed an eternity before Berry appeared at the door again. “Zinovy, get up here.”
The look on Berry’s face dragged him to his feet. He headed toward the ladder, shaking the cobwebs from his brain, wondering what new impossible problem confronted them now.
“The base has been trying to contact us for two days,” Berry said as Zinovy ducked into the cabin. 
“Two days? We’ve been lying out there for two days?”
Berry nodded. “Anderson’s got a bunch of claustrophobic young men down there and he wants to send them up to us.”
Zinovy swore. “Doesn’t he know what a mess we’re in?”
“I told him. He doesn’t care.”
“It’s impossible. We aren’t prepared to deal with more people.”
Anderson’s voice cut in. Berry went to the radio and Zinovy scrambled back outside. In a minute, Berry joined him on the ground. “I told him no, “ he said. 
Glaston sat up and rubbed his head. “What’s happening?” Carter rolled over, spilling his guts once again. Berry relayed Anderson’s request. 
Chang groaned. “Why on earth would they want to come up? Don’t they know we’re dying?” 
* * *
But the Gaia crew did not die. By the next day all symptoms had disappeared. 
“I don’t understand it,” Berry said to Zinovy. “I thought sure the sickness was beginning.”
“And did you notice, the vomit’s gone too?”
“What do you mean?” 
“The mess we made on the ground—it’s disappeared.”
Berry looked around. “You’re right.” They stood quietly for a minute. “And the way the bodies disintegrated—same thing.”
Zinovy nodded. “There’s no dead organic matter anywhere.” 
Berry shrugged. “Who knows what’s going on. But if the radiation’s not going to kill us immediately, we need to think about our future. I want an assessment of our situation. Go get the others. We’ll do an inventory—figure out what provisions we have.” 
They gathered under the nose of the ship and Berry gave instructions: “Grace, you check our food supply. Eric, you and Charles clear out the cargo bay. I want everything sorted and on the ground so we can see what we’ve got. Zinovy, find out how we’re doing for water.” 
Water was their biggest problem. Berry groaned when Zinovy reported back with the measurements. “It’s going too fast,” he said. “It’s the thirst. I can’t understand why we’re so thirsty. We’re not sweating.”
“Maybe we are sweating, but the moisture evaporates rapidly, like the vomit.”
Berry sighed. “That’s possible.” They stood for a moment, then Berry said, “Go check on Eric and Charles.”
In the cargo bay, Zinovy found Glaston and Carter knee-deep in boxes. In preparing for their return, they’d filled the ship with equipment valuable to the Regime. But after the mushroom cloud event, they’d pulled some of the larger items out and replaced them with anything they could find that might prove useful if they survived the landing. Zinovy looked around, hands on hips. 
“I don’t see how any of this is going to help,” Glaston said. “It all has to be plugged in somewhere and there aren’t any electrical sockets any more.” 
Zinovy shrugged. “We’ll take it out and see.”
So they laid the cargo out on the mossy turf around the shuttle and began their inventory. Chang reported on the food: “There’s maybe enough for three weeks if we’re careful.” 
“Our water supply is worse,” Berry told them. “If we just use it for drinking and cooking it’ll last less than two weeks.”
The deadlines sobered them. Then Berry led them on to other concerns. 
“That’s food and water,” he said. “As for shelter, we don’t really need it, I guess.” He looked around at the balmy air. “The elements certainly aren’t harsh.” The irony of the remark struck Zinovy like a mallet. 
But the real mallet blow was yet to fall. Glaston brought it down on their heads an hour later when he came running from the shuttle yelling for Berry. “We’ve got problems,” he panted. “The lights are dimming.”
“What?”
“I think we’re running out of power. I was getting a glass of water and—” 
Berry and Zinovy jumped up and ran to the shuttle. They scrambled up the ladder into the cabin and squinted in the darkness toward the bank of food and water dispensers on the galley wall. Zinovy instinctively reached out and switched off the flickering lights. 
Berry swore. “This is the end of us. Why didn’t I think? If we don’t have power everything’s trapped in these dispensers.” He pounded a fist on the nearest unit and swore again. Then he straightened and turned to Glaston. “How about the radio? Can we still get through to the underground base?”
 “We might have enough left for that, I don’t know.”
Berry grabbed his arm and shoved him toward the communications console. “Get Anderson on the line. I need to talk to him right now.”
Ten minutes later the three joined Carter and Chang on the ground. 
“There’s been a change in plans,” Berry announced. “We’re going to have company.”
Eyebrows went up and the protests began. “We don’t have enough supplies for ourselves. How can we take care of any others?” 
“No, wait. Hear me out.” Berry explained. “Forty-five people are down there. Of those forty-five, at least eight want to come aboveground. A couple others are still deciding.” He looked around at them. “Anderson says he has enough supplies—food, water and energy—to keep them all for a month and a half.” He paused. “Think about it. That’s a lot more than we’ve got.” Then he went on. “We’ll let them come up on one condition: they have to bring their portion of the food supply and water with them, and they’ll also have to bring us power.” 
Carter mused. “They’ve probably got a stash of hydrogen cells down there.” He looked up. “Hey, if they bring up their portions of food, they’d have more than we do.”
“They’d have to be willing to add what they bring to the general stores. We’d all share equally.” 
“But if they did that, they’d lose days of eating. Why would they want to?” 
“They’d have to be motivated, for sure,” Glaston said. “but they might be, if they want to get out from underground bad enough.”
Carter still balked. “But what if they say they will, so we let them come up, and then they change their minds about sharing? When push comes to shove, they might get aggressive about it.”
“But we could do the same thing, Charles,” Chang pointed out. “What’s to stop any of us from storming the supplies at the end?”
Berry let them argue, then brought them back to the conclusion he’d obviously already come to. “We’ll take our chances with their attitude. If they decide not to share once they’re up, we’ll deal with it then.” 
“What do we do for water in the meantime? And food?” 
“Charles, didn’t you say we’ve got a couple of extra hydrogen cells? Hook one of them up to the system. Then you and Grace get in there and pull all the water and food you can from the dispensers before the power goes. I’m going to talk to Anderson again.”
“Hold on,” Carter said. “As long as we’re asking for stuff . . . .”
By the time Berry left to make his call, several items had been added to the list of their demands. He came back five minutes later. “He’s going to see if he can manage it. He’ll call in the morning. Now let’s get busy.”
They attached the new power supply and Chang and Carter began draining the water tanks. “Fill as many containers as you can find. And cover them tightly,” he added. “The way moisture evaporates around here we’ll lose it all in a day.”
“What about food?”
“Take out enough for a couple of days and leave the rest for now. We’ll need power to cook as well, and I want to save the other cell for communications backup.”
The water must be covered for another reason, Zinovy thought, as he watched the precious commodity trickle into the plastic jug at Chang’s feet. The contamination problem loomed always in the back of his mind. 
Berry gave another order: “Eric, Zinovy, come with me. I want to move the command center outside. There’s no reason to stay in here any more. Eric, you can hook us up with Anderson from outside, can’t you?” 
“No problem, mate.”
So the two men detached the furniture from the floor of the ship. They dragged it out onto the clearing and across the spongy green turf to the edge of the forest and Glaston set about reconnecting the communications system. Then they went back to retrieve their mattresses. No one had the stomach to sleep in the shuttle after the sickness.
By suppertime they’d accomplished as much as they could without power. “One other thing and we’re done for the night,” Berry said. He gestured to the scattered mess of equipment. “I want all this disposed of. Sort out the things you want to keep and stow them in the ship. Then stack the rest of it around behind the shuttle somewhere out of sight.” 
Carter protested. “Why bother? It’s a lot of work for nothing.” 
But Berry insisted, so they cleaned up. Carter hauled his plant storage containers off to the lab and Glaston gathered up any electronic equipment he might need to repair the communication system. Then they worked together to lug the rest of the equipment around behind the shuttle.
When their environment was in order, Berry opened the EVARM’s storage/badge reader unit and placed radiation detector badges on Zinovy, Glaston and Carter. Then he carried the box to the new headquarters, placed it under a tree near the circle of seats, and activated the reader. Zinovy followed him and looked over his shoulder at the first reading. It was not encouraging. 
* * *
Morning came. Zinovy crawled out of his bedroll, rubbed the sleep from his eyes, and wandered over to the command center where Berry stood talking to Anderson in the underground base.
“What have you decided? Can you send up the supplies we want?”
“We’re working on it. I need to get rid of these young men. They’re attitude is bad for our morale.”
“So you’re going to pass the morale problem off to us, eh?”
“They’ll be fine once they get up top.”
“There’s no guarantee they’ll live up here.”
“They know that.”
“Are they okay with sharing their provisions?”
“They’re fine with it.”
“All right,” Berry said. “If you’re determined, we’ll work with you on the transfer. But we have to have the other items as well.”
Zinovy heard an audible sigh of relief at the other end of the line. “Good. I’ll go get things set up. Here, I’ll put our supply clerk on the line. He can negotiate your ransom demands.”
Berry handed the mike to Glaston. “You take over. Push for as much power as we can get. That’s a priority.” 
Glaston repeated the request to his counterpart below ground. 
“We can spare you eight hydrogen cartridges,” the clerk told him. “That’s all. We’re worried about our power supply too. Most of it’s locked into our facility so we can’t send it to you anyway.”
“We did find a laser saw,” he added. “I couldn’t believe it. I don’t know why it was down here, but someone found it on a shelf in the maintenance department. Why do you want one anyway? It’s got its own generator, but it’ll eat up the power pretty fast, you realize.”
“Our botanist wants it to get tree ring samples and we may need it to bushwhack too. The forest is pretty dense in places,” Glaston told him.
“Dense forest. That sounds impossible. If we could figure out a reason you might be lying to us we wouldn’t believe you.” 
“I don’t blame you. We’re stumped ourselves. The green stuff has to be fast growing. It’s all young. There’s no dead wood. We can’t explain it, but it’s real.”
One item on the list they had given Anderson was unavailable. Only one security officer below ground had a gun and he was not willing to part with it.
* * *
The eight new recruits came up the next day. It was not a simple procedure. The underground crew had made elaborate preparations. The supplies going aboveground were stashed in the facility’s airlock chamber. The men were packed and ready to go. Anderson rigged them with communications equipment so they could speak to the underground facility while they made the transfer. They said their farewells and moved into the chamber. The hatch separating them from the underground facility was closed and sealed. All systems were go. The crew had thought of everything, except how to get the door to the outside open. The hatch mechanism moved as it should, breaking the seal and removing the pins that locked the unit in place. But, when the men tried to push the lid up, it wouldn’t budge. 
A mild panic erupted in the chamber. The boys were not in danger—they could move back into the facility if they couldn’t get out—but none of them were happy with that alternative. They put their shoulders together and shoved hard against the door, with no result.
Zinovy was alone near the comm unit when the call from Anderson came in. “Can you find out what’s causing the blockage?” 
“Okay,” Zinovy said. “I’ll find Berry and we’ll get back to you.” 
As he left the workstation, Zinovy noticed several holes on the casing of the console. Something was eating away at the nanotube covering. He stored the observation away, knowing they’d have to deal with the issue at some point. He found Berry in the boneyard, with Grace and Eric. “We’ve got another problem,” he said. 
The crew moved to the command center and Berry connected with Anderson. “Does the chamber open out at ground level or is it below ground somewhere?” 
“Ground level, or close to. The entrance is on the south side of the aboveground facility near the emergency exit door we’d normally use.”
“Uh, well, we’re going to need more information than that,” Berry said. “The facility’s gone, remember?”
No response. Finally Anderson came back on line. “I don’t know. We’ll have to think about this and get back to you.”
Zinvoy wasn’t surprised at Anderson’s reply. Everyone had been saying “I don’t know” a lot lately. 
Archie turned to the others. “I’m not sure what to do. How can we locate the chamber from up here?” 
“What’s wrong with using the GPS?” Grace asked. 
Archie winced. “Of course. Eric, go get it. Bring one of the EMU units too—the one Zinovy used. We need some kind of portable comm device so we can talk to them on site. Zinovy, you go help him carry things.”
The two went off and came back with the equipment, and within minutes they’d located the underground hatch a hundred and fifty meters north of the shuttle. It took Glaston fifteen minutes to arrange a connection from the EMU to the base. Then Archie got on the radio again. 
“Give us your measurements, fellows,” he said. “Where is the hatch relative to the walls of the compartment?”
Information volleyed back and forth. They figured, paced off distances, argued about their location, and eventually the Gaia crew chose a spot and began digging. Soon they were through the turf to solid material. They tapped it with a shovel. A metallic clang echoed back. 
They cleared an area the size of a lunar lander before the lid began to give way, but finally, with pushes from underneath and tugs from above, the hatch broke open and the eight young prisoners pushed free and bounded up the ladder to the first natural light they’d seen in over two weeks. As each one emerged, their exclamations fell away. They gazed around and wonder filled their faces. 
Berry let the new arrivals wander for half an hour, investigating their new surroundings, then he set them to work transferring the supplies from the airlock compartment to the base in the clearing.
They carried the large items first. Then, silently, the boys brought their food stores and water bottles, arranging them in a neat stack beside the other items, turning the deliberate action into a ceremony. Zinovy stood by, directing their movements. Their serious faces indicated that they knew what they were doing: the transfer of the rations reduced their survival potential from forty-five days to twenty-two. But their eyes reflected a dogged determination. Twenty-two days probably seemed like a long time to them.
* * *
Lunch was a picnic. The exposure to a natural atmosphere was like a tonic to the boys. Never mind that the colorful luminescence surrounding them crackled with radiation. The air they breathed was bright and free and moving, and they reveled in the thrill of the moment. Zinovy munched on a granola bar and watched them eat. Young. None could be over nineteen. Too young to work at the jobs they’d been given. The Regime, like everyone else, had been dealing with an unprecedented labor shortage, caused by a large run of natural disasters during the last few years.
After lunch, Berry called another meeting. Item number one on the agenda was introductions. Berry began with the young men. 
Graham Moore, a sandy-haired, well-built seventeen-year-old, had been part of the custodial night crew. He’d been caught in the facility at the time of the event because he’d come to work early, afraid his ancient car might break down on the way to the base. 
Alex Roberts, tall and thin with a ruddy, pock-marked complexion, was a computer technologist, and Ji-Jung Kim—“Mike,” he corrected with a grin—was a software specialist. At nineteen, they were the oldest of the lot. Zinovy grunted. It would be a while before the world would need their talents again. He put his hands on his hips and looked at the next new crew member.
“I am Raheem—Raheem Janif—from the material records department. I am paid by the government to manage all the paper computers were supposed to get rid of.” He was a good-looking kid, somewhat on the stocky side, with sparkling brown eyes that danced as he spoke. He might be useful to Grace.
“I am glad to be here,” Raheem added. “Thank you for allowing us.” 
Next around the circle were Simon and Ruben Strachan—sixteen-year-old identical twins who went everywhere together. Ruben spoke for both of them. “We’re glad to come up too.” He shook his head. “Too close down there.”
“Yeah,” Simon added. “It was too close even before this thing happened. Me and Ruben were in the middle of our 36-hour shift. We had to work over the whole holiday.”
“Thirty-six-hour shifts? That’s strange,” Berry said.
“We didn’t work the whole time. We’d work twelve hours, then sleep, then work another twelve. Then we’d be off for forty-eight.”
“Why such long shifts?”
Another of the young men picked up the conversation. “Orders from Supreme Command Headquarters. Our boss-man thought it was to cut out movement around the base. Something to do with security. The whole pad was locked down tight last time I came in. Nobody in or out that didn’t have this special pass.” He paused. “I’m Emery Daniels, by the way.” He grinned, his teeth gleaming white against his chocolate-colored skin. “I’m custodial too.” The grin vanished. “Or, I was.”
Zinovy frowned. Tight security, at all stations. And still the whole world blew up.
Conrad Cusick, as fair as Emery was dark, completed the crew. “I was signing off work when the nuclear event happened, in a hurry to leave because of the curfew. We all had to be home before midnight on New Year’s Eve.” 
Berry introduced the Gaia people, then he explained the command structure: “We require discipline and cooperation from all crew members. The unusual situation we’re in makes that discipline especially necessary. We need to work together to make things as livable as possible for everyone, for as long as we can. Our resources are limited, as you are aware, but we’ll share all of them equally. No one is to wander from the base camp without permission. It’s easy to get lost, so stay close at all times. I’m responsible for the leadership of the mission. If you have problems you report directly to me. Understood?” The young men nodded.
By the time the meeting adjourned, everyone had been assigned areas of responsibility in the newly formed community. Glaston would handle the maintenance of all equipment, including instruments for communication and radiation measurement. Mike and Alex would be his assistants. Grace would oversee the clerical end of things, keeping records and working with Archie on meeting agendas and minutes. Raheem would be her helper. Carter became the research director, doing experiments that would help them learn more about their environment. He didn’t want an assistant so the other five newcomers were placed under Zinovy’s supervision. 
Zinovy was in charge of supplies—storage and distribution. “We’ll set out one day’s ration of water at a time,” Berry said, drawing him aside. “All the rest—food and water—needs to be in the shuttle. I don’t expect any trouble, but I’d rather have supplies stowed where we can monitor comings and goings around them. And while you’re at it, hook up another of the fuel cells in the cabin and clean out the dispensers. We don’t want anything left in them if our power runs out.”
Zinovy nodded. “I’d like to make a place for the equipment in the forest over here. Many things are too heavy to carry in and out of the shuttle.”
“Whatever you want,” Archie said. “You’re in charge of the physical plant.”
“What physical plant? We have none.”
Archie grinned. “We will. You’re going to build it. For starters, I want you to construct a shelter.”
“We need a shelter?” 
Berry glanced up at Zinovy and his grin faded. “Any day now we’re going to need an infirmary. Until then, Grace can sleep in it. It’ll give her some privacy.” 
“Ah,” Zinovy said. 
Archie went on. “Before you go, there’s one other thing. I’m feeling the need for some backup in the decisions I have to make. You’ve been supportive all along, but I’d like to make it official. I’d like to announce your appointment as second-in-command.”
Zinovy’s eyebrows shot up. 
“If anything happened to me,” Archie said, “they’d need some kind of leadership in place.” 
A moment passed. Finally Zinovy said, “All right. If you think it necessary.” 




CHAPTER SEVEN
Zinovy was shocked, not only by Berry’s offer, but by his own easy acceptance. He didn’t like taking responsibility for other people’s well-being. But then it might never come to that, and if it did, he could probably manage. He felt more in control these days. Though the strangeness of the landscape and the bizarre situation they found themselves in still rattled him, the disturbing flights into irrational fancy that had bombarded him during his first few hours in the glittering atmosphere were over. The biggest surprises were behind them. They knew pretty much what was ahead, even if they didn’t know how it had all come about. And although it wouldn’t be pleasant, he felt ready to meet the challenge. 
No telling how the others would react to his new position. Carter was probably the only one who would take issue, but then he took issue with everything. Zinovy shrugged and went off to give instructions to his crew. 
He approached two of the boys, who were huddled together inspecting something on the ground. “We have Simon here, and Ruben, right?” The boys nodded and stood up. “You’re identical twins?” They nodded again. Zinovy put his hands on his hips. “How am I to tell you apart?”
“Simon has a patch of white above his left ear here, see?” Ruben pulled his brother’s head around. “He got in a fight when he was a kid. The guy pulled out a handful of his hair and it grew back like this.”
“I see. And you’re the spokesperson for the two of you?”
“No,” Simon said. “Sometimes he is and sometimes it’s me. We take turns.”
“I see. And here . . . .” He turned as three others came up on his right. 
“I’m Graham. He’s Conrad, and that’s Emery.”
“Ah, yes. You were all custodial in the underground base.”
“Yes sir,” Conrad said. 
“You’re used to physical work, then. That’s good. The first thing we have to do is move the supplies. The food and water goes into the shuttle, and the equipment we’ll put in the forest. I’ll show you where. You—with the blue shirt—what’s your name again? Yes, Conrad, you and you and you—I forget already, Emery and Graham? Okay. Grab the saw and the other pieces of equipment and come with me. You two . . . ” Zinovy gestured toward the twins. “Get the food and water up into the shuttle. Put it on the counters for now. We’ll arrange it later. Once these things are disposed of, we’ll begin to build a shelter for the woman.”
The boys dealt with their chores quickly, eager to get on with the building project. The three others complained when they heard about the plans. “Why can’t we work on the shelter too? There's nothing else for us to do right now.” So Zinovy’s construction crew grew to eight energetic young amateurs, all eager to get their hands on the saw.
* * *
All afternoon the forest rang with the shouts of the young carpenters and the buzz of the saw. The wood Zinovy chose for the shelter was sturdy and aromatic. The laser sliced through it smoothly, releasing a spicy fragrance into the atmosphere around them. Zinovy watched the boys for a while, giving a word of instruction here and there, then he counted noses to make sure none had wandered off, and left them to the task. 
Carter followed the construction crew around, retrieving fresh core samples from the trees they cut down and carrying them off to the lab for another attempt at analysis. The samples he’d collected on his first field trip had disintegrated by the time he felt well enough to study them.
Late in the afternoon Zinovy walked back to the work site to check on the boys’ progress. Raheem glanced up from the ground where he knelt. “Look, Commander Kozlov. See this pile of sawdust? It smells good—like warm trees. Reminds me of the wind in the cedars at night back home where I grew up. I am going to give it to the lady.” He collected the sawdust, fine as talcum powder, put it in a small metal container he’d brought up with him, and stuck it in his pocket. 
“Remember to do your job first. I’m sure she’d rather have a shelter to sleep in.” 
By early evening a pile of smooth, slender logs lay beside the grove Grace had selected for her quarters. In the morning the boys would attach the logs to a stand of closely spaced trees, creating walls that would afford her some degree of privacy.
Ruben and Simon harvested long tendrils from the top of a tree that Carter couldn’t identify. They would be used to strap the logs together and support them against the frame. Broad leafy branches from a cluster of scrub trees along the rim of the clearing would serve as a roof.
The assignment had turned into a good workout, and by the time the brightness of the day had given way to the soft dusk of night everyone was ready to turn in. The eight newcomers lay for a long time on their backs in their bedrolls, staring into the softly glowing sky. Eventually they slept. 
Just before dawn the sickness began.
* * *
Dawn crept in, lightening the sky and touching the eyelids of the sleeping pilgrims in the clearing. 
The new crewmembers should have been up and ready for the day. Zinovy glanced at their bulging bedrolls as he walked to the shuttle. They’d obviously not been military trained. He prepared breakfast alone, using the last of their oats and almost all the milk from the ship’s stores. 
As he finished, Grace joined him in the galley, and they carried the cereal across the green to the command center where Berry and Glaston stood at the communications console, talking. Glaston was inspecting the nanotube damage Zinovy had noticed the day before.
Zinovy went to rouse the boys. Carter sat on the ground in the clearing, looking a little green. “Breakfast is ready,” Zinovy said as he passed. The botanist didn’t respond.
Zinovy stopped at the first bedroll and nudged the lump with his toe. No movement. He nudged harder and a low groan escaped from the covers. He bent over and uncovered a tousled head. Its owner groaned again, then sat up and spilled his insides on the ground at Zinovy’s feet. Zinovy took one, tortured look at the blood seeping into the grass and ran for help.
Grace carried medication for digestive distress to the boys, forcing them to sit up long enough to swallow the pills. Then she joined the Gaia crew as they gathered to discuss the situation.
“This doesn’t make sense,” Zinovy said. “They’ve only been aboveground one day. If the radiation affected them so soon, why hasn’t it affected the rest of us?” 
“There’s nothing we can do but wait,” Berry concluded. “We’ll give them a chance to rest. Maybe it’s just the excitement and their heavy exertion yesterday.” 
Zinovy wasn’t convinced, but when the boys gradually began to come around, crawling out of their blankets and asking for something to eat, his skepticism subsided. 
“I’m not totally at ease with the recovery either, but I’m glad for the reprieve,” Berry said to Zinovy. “We may not have to deal with the sickness problem anyway. We’ll probably run out of water first.” 
By noon, healthy and exuberant again, the construction crew began putting the shelter together, and by dinnertime the walls were up and the roof was on. “Grace, it’s yours until we need it for . . . something else,” Berry said. So Grace moved her bunk mattress and personal belongings in. When she was settled, the boys came to inspect their handiwork. 
“Gosh,” Ruben said when he saw the results. “It looks like home.”
“Is this your family?” Alex asked, looking at the pictures she’d pegged to the doorframe.
Zinovy noticed the container of tree talc Raheem had given her sitting on a small nightstand she’d contrived by her bed. The smell lent an exotic kind of elegance to the atmosphere. The visitors lingered a while, enjoying Grace’s pleasure in the arrangements. Then Mike and Alex went to the galley to heat water for beef stroganoff and the others wandered off to explore. 
Zinovy tramped along the path to the equipment storage area. The hydrogen tanks the Florida crew had sent up were powering their cooking process. They would likely hold up until the food ran out, he mused darkly. He studied his feet, slashing through the grass already growing over the trail he’d blazed, and pondered the supply situation. A sudden swishing sound brought his head up just in time to see the slight figure of a young boy dart away through the trees. Zinovy stopped, rooted to the spot for an instant. Then he broke into a run.
* * *
Zinovy thrashed through the brush after the fleeing shirttails, but the young boy slipped through the greenery more easily. In no time the shimmering mist enveloped him and he was gone. 
Zinovy swore. For the second time this mirage had dissolved before his eyes. He took a quick breath and pressed on. The boy must be found. He was evidence Zinovy was not living in an unreal, nightmare world. 
Where could he have gone? The terrain limited the possibilities. Some of the brush was too thick for even a slim body to pass through. Zinovy barreled along, whipping tendrils and branches out of his way, until, without warning, he broke through the dense foliage into a copse of slender trees and found the boy, nearly at his feet. He had time to snap a quick mental picture of the tense, crouching body, the thin, harried face, the wild, staring eyes, before the wily creature was upon him. 
The attack caught Zinovy by surprise. He later decided the sight of three small children huddled in a nest of branches behind the wild one’s protective crouch had taken the edge off his defenses. At any rate, he was down. 
The boy leaped off his chest, eyeing a break in the trees at the edge of the thicket. Zinovy reached up and grabbed a foot just above the ankle. His quarry came down hard and fighting, agile limbs thrashing wildly against the ironclad hold on his leg. Zinovy rolled over and flung his body down on top of the boy, pinning him to the ground. It was then he realized that the body under him was not that of a boy. 
The girl stiffened frantically under the weight of his body and he immediately leaped to his feet. She leapt up as well, and they stared at each other. 
The girl’s eyes were large with fear, but a fierce defiance flashed in them as well. When her anxious gaze darted behind him at the children, he realized her immediate concern was how she could best protect her nest, so he used that focus—her only apparent weakness—to gain control of the situation. He moved slowly toward the children, talking quietly to them, but keeping an eye on the girl. “Don’t be afraid,” he said. “I won’t hurt you.” 
The girl didn’t move. He straightened, and spoke to her. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize . . . ” He stopped, considering how he might gain her confidence. The look on her face convinced him it was a lost cause, but the children might be an ace-in-the-hole. 
He reached out a hand to the youngest, a small boy who looked up at him in wonder, a look of quiet contemplation on his bright face. The boy took the hand, nestling his tiny one into the large palm and allowing Zinovy to curl his fingers around it. 
 A shock rippled through Zinovy’s body as the warmth of the little fist resting within his own moved up his arm and into his chest. The girl’s swift movement interrupted his bewilderment. She started toward them, then stopped, obviously terrified, but unsure how to proceed.
Taking advantage of her confusion, Zinovy led the boy around her toward the break in the brush. The boy stopped at the edge of the thicket and turned. “Come on, Sara. It’s all right,” he said softly. 
The girl could do nothing but follow. After a moment’s hesitation she gathered the other two children and the motley convoy made its way through the undergrowth toward the camp. 
“What the . . . ?” Berry’s jaw dropped as they walked in. 
“Found them in the bushes,” Zinovy signaled to the nearest bystanders. “Graham, Alex, watch them. Don’t let them run off.” Then he took Berry aside. “We’ve got to interrogate them—find out where they came from.” He glanced at the girl. “She’s a wild one. I don’t know if she even talks.”
Berry studied the group huddled on the ground between Graham and Alex. “If she does talk it won’t be to us,” he said. “We need Grace.” 
Grace came, introduced herself to the girl, and led them all away to her quarters. Zinovy posted Graham and Alex nearby, then made himself scarce, sending warning looks to the rest of the crew when their curiosity led them too close. Finally Grace reappeared and walked to the command center where Zinovy paced back and forth.
“Well, did you learn anything?” 
“Yes, she opened up a bit,” Grace said. “She’s definitely more comfortable with women. She startled every time a male wandered near. I think she’s had some trouble there.”
“So what—”
“She and the children are from a protectorate—somewhere west of here I think.”
“A protectorate.” Zinovy had heard of these feudal-type compounds, built by private citizens for their own defense when the New World Order began to outgrow its ability to police the outlying areas, and local authorities lost control. “Is this place still there? How—”
“She didn’t say. They left before the event, so she might not even know. She was in a hurry to get away. I couldn’t get more details, but whatever caused her to leave so quickly must have been serious. She said it took them four days to get here. They had to go slowly, and they got lost a time or two.” 
“Four days?” Zinovy figured. “Then she might have just arrived when I saw her out the window.” He turned to Grace. “She left before the event? Do you mean she was outside when it happened?” He shook his head. “That can’t be. They must have been underground.” 
He figured some more. “So she’s been hanging around here for ten days. Did she say what they did all that time?”
 “No, she didn’t say anything else, and I didn’t want to pry. I was lucky to find out as much as I did. She must have a better sense of direction than I do though, because she was heading for this place. Two of the children belong to a couple who work at Canaveral. She was trying to get them connected with their parents.”
“Hmm.” Zinovy rubbed his chin. “We need to contact the underground base—find out if the parents are there. Did you get names?” Then, as an afterthought he added, “How did she plan to make connection with the parents from here? You can’t just go up and knock on a door to the underground shelter.”
“She said she didn’t think of that until she got here. She was so focused on finding her way and keeping the younger children safe she probably didn’t even stop to think that the facility might be gone. Anyway, she’d been pondering what to do with the children when we came. I told her we might be able to help with that and she was visibly relieved. I think the responsibility of caring for them has been weighing heavily on her.”
“You told her we could contact Anderson? Did you talk to Berry?”
“No. I wanted to talk to you first. Do you want me to do that now?” 
“Talk to Berry, yes. There’s no way we can get them together, but we can at least tell the parents their children are here.” He started to go, then turned back. “Do they have what they need for tonight?” 
“Yes. I’ll make room for them in the shelter. The girl is skittish around other people.”
Zinovy didn’t need to be told that. “Okay, but you keep an eye on her. I don’t want her running away again. If she lived in this environment that long she may have learned survival skills that could help us. We still have lots of unanswered questions.” 
Zinovy was not used to living with unanswered questions. They were alive. That was a good thing. But why? How? And for how long? 
“By the way,” added Grace, with a grin. “I told her you aren’t quite as terrifying a beast as you look. She was dubious, but I did the best I could to convince her.”
Zinovy hadn’t thought about how he must have looked to the girl as they faced each other in the clearing. He ran his hand over his hair. The shaggy mane hadn’t seen a comb in at least a week, and it had been even longer since he’d shaved. The way he’d landed on her probably didn’t help much, either. Well, he could do nothing about that. It didn’t matter anyway, as long as they got what they needed from her through Grace.
Grace left to find Berry, and Zinovy turned his attention to a more pressing need. Standing against a tree with his back to the main camp, he suddenly became aware that he was being watched. Two bright eyes peered up at him from behind a large fern a few feet to his right. The eyes twinkled. Zinovy blinked in surprise and the eyes were gone, but not before he had recognized the small round face they belonged to. The tyke obviously did not share his guardian’s aversion to big men with stubble on their faces and unkempt hair. That could be a good thing, Zinovy reflected. They might well need this little ace-in-the-hole.
* * *
Zinovy woke the next morning with an uneasy gut. He ignored the queasiness, but a nagging fear played around the edge of his mind as he went about his morning chores. By noon his insides churned, but in the late afternoon the symptoms subsided. He said nothing to the others. 
Grace talked to Berry about contacting the parents of the children, but it was early evening before he could connect with the underground base. Something had gone wrong with the radio. Glaston worked all day on the problem. Finally, after replacing some chips inside the receiver and some more in the main console unit, he made the connection and Berry called Anderson to tell him about the new arrivals. 
The parents were underground, and overjoyed to discover their children were alive. They’d been grieving since the event, wondering how the end had been for their children, filled with regret that at least one of them hadn’t been home that day. Grace brought the children to the command center and Glaston patched them through for a quick conversation.
The children burst into tears at the sound of their mother’s voice. Zinovy watched from afar, uneasily. When the storm abated, he wandered back to camp and listened as Berry discussed arrangements with Anderson. 
“There’s no way we can get them down to you,” he said. “And your people can’t come up here either without contaminating your system. I’m not sure what we can do.” Berry rubbed his forehead. Zinovy frowned. They couldn’t afford to worry about the parents, and they certainly couldn’t afford to feed any more people aboveground.
The two commanders ended their discussion and four extra mouths were added to the chow line, shortening the number of days left to them all. But things were not as settled underground. One mother hen would not quit squawking until she had her baby chicks under her wing once again. Her pleading would keep the harried base commander awake all night trying to figure out a way to reunite the brood.
* * *
The next morning Zinovy ran into the little boy and the girl again. He’d gone to the cache to retrieve some soil testing instruments Carter wanted. On his way back, down the faint path they’d worn through the trees, he saw the boy coming toward him. At ten feet apart, they stopped and eyed each other, the boy seeming completely at ease. Zinovy shifted his weight from one foot to the other. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d made conversation with a child. He wasn’t sure how to begin. 
The boy solved the problem by speaking first. There would apparently be no preliminaries. “What’s your name?” he began.
“Zinovy. What’s yours?” So far so good.
“Caleb,” the child said, with a lilting accent on the last syllable. Then he waited. The ball was obviously in Zinovy’s court. 
“How old are you?” 
“I’m five,” Caleb said, holding up his left hand, fingers splayed. “Do you want to see my birthday present?” 
He held up a book in the other hand, a paperback with fine print, not a book for a five-year-old. Did children read at five? Zinovy couldn’t remember. 
Caleb solved the puzzle in his next breath, his last for at least five sentences. “Sara reads some in it to us every day. It’s about some children who are lost in the forest just like we got lost only we weren’t lost for very long. Sara helped us find out where we were and the bright one helped too only Sara couldn’t see him, but I told her. He said everything would be all right and we didn’t have to be afraid.” 
Zinovy relaxed somewhat. The child was obviously capable of holding up both ends of the conversation. 
The boy went on: “He said not to worry about my mommy and daddy too and I didn’t need to feel sad. That made me feel better because I miss my mommy and daddy lots.” 
At this the child’s face darkened, a cloud momentarily covering the sun. Zinovy was afraid the boy was going to cry, but he brightened and pointed to a robin tugging at a berry on a nearby tree. “Look at that. The berry is stronger than the robin. Isn’t that funny? The robin is bigger, but the berry is stronger.” 
He went on. “I can tell it’s a robin because it has red on its tummy. Sara showed me how to tell if it’s a robin. Sara’s nice. She takes good care of us and I love her. Don’t you?”
Zinovy wasn’t sure how to respond to that one. He was pretty sure the boy expected a “yes” or “no” answer and either one could complicate things. He decided to evade the direct question and agree with the implication. “I am sure she’s nice, if she takes good care of you.”
Zinovy was beginning to be uncomfortable again. He looked down the trail past the child and, with relief, saw the girl heading toward them. The boy followed Zinovy’s gaze and saw her as well. He turned and bounded away, jabbering and waving his book in the air. Zinovy caught up to them as she was saying, “You can’t run away like that. I need to know where you are all the time. Don’t do that again, okay.” Caleb nodded vigorously, then ran ahead toward the compound. 
Zinovy sensed that the girl wanted to run too. Instead, she strode briskly along, and he fell into step beside her. Now might be a good time to get more information. He opened with an innocuous remark. “The boy seems to have taken a liking to me.” 
She ducked her head, tilted it slightly, and looked up into his face. Then she looked down. “You resemble his father,” she said.
“What happened to his father?” 
The girl studied the delicate fiddleheads along the edge of the path for a moment. Then she took a deep breath and spoke. 
“Vandals attacked our compound. The power must have gone out or something and they came over the fence. They killed the guards first, then they started on the rest of us.” 
The girl paused, blinking several times. He waited patiently and eventually she continued. “I was working in the gardens. The three children were with me. I didn’t know what was going on, but I knew it wasn’t good. I heard screaming. I hid the children in the cornfield and crawled through the stalks to see what was happening. The vandals were running from house to house. I saw them chasing a woman—it was Caleb’s mother. They caught her—two of them—and they . . . ” 
She stopped there, breathing hard. Zinovy read fear in her face—fear and a deep anger. Finally she finished the story: “Caleb’s father was killed trying to save his wife.” She pursed her lips and frowned.
Zinovy studied the girl’s face in the glimmering light, watching his opportunity to learn more from her disintegrate. He tried one more approach: “You were away from the protectorate when the holocaust happened.” 
She nodded.
“How did you survive? Were you underground at the time?”
She shook her head. “We were on top.”
His frustration erupted. “Tell me the truth!” 
She straightened and turned to look at him. The anger in her eyes was scorching. “I don’t tell lies,” she said.
“But it’s impossible!”
“Is there anything around us that’s not impossible?” She spit the words at him and marched off, leaving the question hanging in the iridescent air between them. Zinovy raised his eyebrows and watched as her stiff back disappeared down the trail. Then he followed at a slower pace. 
“Archie wants to see you,” Emery said when Zinovy returned to camp. “He’s over at the shuttle.”
Zinovy changed course and walked toward the landing site, kicking aside an empty container in his path. In spite of Berry’s penchant for order, the compound was accumulating clutter. Even the Gaia looked disheveled. He climbed the ladder into the boot room.
“Zinovy, come here,” Berry said, beckoning him to follow as he moved back through the ship. “That deterioration in the communications console—it’s not the only place it’s happened.” 
He stopped before a stack of computer software housed in plastic containers now riddled with decay. The fiber optic recording material inside had melted into a gray-green puddle that leaked onto the floor at their feet. Even the floor showed signs of deterioration. 
“What’s strange is that it’s the most recent technology that’s going. The only items intact are made of metal or wood or glass. Look here. The data transfer equipment is almost gone, and it’s made of the same silicon that’s in the communications equipment and the EVARM units.”
It was a serious concern. They could do without the data transfer equipment, but they needed the other devices. Zinovy nursed the rough forest on his chin. “It has to be the radiation. But we should notice this kind of damage first in living tissue, not synthetics.” He thought a minute. “Do you think there’s a connection between this and the decay of other things? The vomit and the bodies?”
“But they were organic. So are we, and we’re still okay. It doesn’t make sense—any of it.” Berry threw up his hands and headed for the door. “In any case, we have to get the EVARM unit into a metal container before this deterioration gets any worse.”
Berry went off to comb the ship for a metal box and Zinovy left on his own errand, determined to find more answers to the survival puzzle. Chang had spent quite a lot of time with the girl. She must know something more by now. He found the data specialist in the supply storage area looking for a fresh blanket.
“Chang—” he began, surveying the odd assortment of supplies she was sifting through.
She interrupted: “The name is Grace.” He looked down into friendly eyes. Dark circles had begun to shade those eyes. The observation flitted through his mind as she continued. “Please call me Grace. The mission is over.” She paused and looked away. “Maybe everything’s over,” she said with a sigh. “I’d feel better if we could go by first names.”
“Oh.” The others had been on a first-name basis for some time, and they’d always called him by his given name. It hadn’t occurred to him to do the same, but if she preferred . . . . “Grace,” he said, the name feeling awkward on his tongue, “Have you learned anything new from the girl?” 
 “Not much. Her name is Sara. She’s nineteen.” 
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. He hadn’t thought she was that old. 
“She has no family. Her mother was mentally incompetent, and raped when she was seventeen. The two of them grew up together as far as I can tell, more like sisters than mother and daughter. A guardian took care of them both.” Grace paused and put a hand to her mouth.
Zinovy considered. The girl had an odd background. “Did she have other family?”
“She had grandparents, who at some point immigrated to Israel. They conducted their affairs in the States through an attorney.” 
Grace explained what she knew, piecing together the story from bits of information the girl had shared over the last couple of days. Sara and her mother had lived with the guardian on a large estate owned by the grandparents in a remote area about fifteen miles south of the Canaveral site near Patrick Air Force base. 
“It was the anarchy. By the time Sara was born, things were out of hand, so the grandparents built a protectorate. They bought up a huge amount of land nearby. Then they subdivided and built homes. Their neighbors moved in. They put high fences around the whole complex, hired guards, and contributed to a communal garden and other basic services.” Grace turned her head aside and coughed. Then she went on.
“When Sara’s mother died—about three years ago, I think it was—Sara chose to stay in the protectorate. Apparently she did some babysitting and worked in the garden. I got the feeling she was content to cloister herself that way.” 
Grace looked up into his face. “You need to be careful with her Zinovy. She has an extreme fear of males, almost a phobia. I’m not sure why. Maybe the guardian went overboard in warning her to be careful. Not that I blame him. With those deep blue eyes and that raven hair she would definitely attract male attention.”
Zinovy hadn’t noticed. All he’d seen was the fear in the girl’s eyes. And her hair—he supposed it would be attractive if it weren’t chopped off and sticking out all over. 
Grace was talking again. “I’m sure her fear has been compounded by all she’s been through the last while. She’s pretty much a basket case. It will take a lot of time for her to relax.”
Zinovy frowned. They didn’t have a lot of time. She would undoubtedly die with her fears. But he took note of Chang’s admonition. “I’ll talk to Berry. He should speak to the crew, set some boundaries.” 
He thanked Grace, remembering to use her given name, and turned to go. A stack of fuel cells had toppled into the path. As he leaned over to adjust the pile, he noticed a small piece of paper on the ground. He picked it up and glanced at the front. It was a sales receipt from a Circle K in the Cape, dated a couple of weeks before the nuclear event, probably dropped from the pocket of one of the boys. Absently, he turned it over. There was writing on the back. He squinted to read the small print—two initials and a phone number. The initials were his and the phone number was Anton’s personal cell.




CHAPTER EIGHT
A shiver ran up Zinovy’s spine as the significance of the message on the receipt registered. Someone here worked for Anton. Someone who was at Canaveral while Zinovy and his colleagues orbited above the earth. One of the young men so eager to get aboveground. But why? Surely not an assassin. The kids were too young for that kind of assignment. Someone to report back to Anton when the crew landed? One last confirmation of his death so the file could be closed. Or was it to be another attempt, if by some chance Anton’s first plan failed? 
Zinovy frowned. Which of his charges was it? When had the boy last contacted Anton? Had he been in touch since the shuttle landing? 
The questions stopped there, interrupted by the sound of his own name resounding through the trees. He stuffed the paper in his shirt pocket and turned to go.
Conrad met him as he came into the clearing. “There you are. Archie’s looking for you.”
“Is he at the command post?”
“Yes sir.”
Everyone but Carter seemed to have received Berry’s announcement of Zinovy’s promotion enthusiastically. Carter hadn’t made an issue of it, but he went out of his way to avoid taking orders from Zinovy. Berry was determined to reinforce the authority he’d vested in his second, however, so Zinovy was not surprised when, once again, he was summoned to a conference with Carter and Berry.
Conrad headed back with him, obviously curious, but Berry sent him off on another errand and drew Zinovy into a close huddle with Carter who stood by, shifting from one foot to the other.
“Charles has some news,” Berry began without preamble. “Tell him, Charles.” 
“I was out collecting specimens and I ran into someone,” Carter began, jerking his thumb toward the forest behind them. “I was stooped over inspecting a fern and when I stood up this guy was there, looking at me.” 
“So more people are out there,” Zinovy mused. “Did he say where he came from or if there were others? Could he have been from the same place as the girl?”
“I don’t know, but I had the weird sense he knew who we were, as if he’d been watching us. It gave me the creeps.”
 “Tell him what the man told you,” Berry said. 
“He said we couldn’t stay here.”
Zinovy glanced at Berry, then looked back at Carter. “Was he threatening us?”
“I don’t think so. It was more like a warning.”
“What were his exact words?” Berry asked.
“I told you. He said, ‘You must move on.’ That’s it.”
“This is important information. Why didn’t you bring the man directly to Berry?” Zinovy’s tone suggested an accusation. 
“Because I didn’t have the chance,” Carter retorted, glaring up into Zinovy’s face. “He said that one thing and then he left.”
“Where’d he go?” Berry asked. 
Carter shrugged. “I don’t know. I looked around for you guys and when I looked back, he’d gone.” 
Zinovy studied Carter’s face. He looked lucid enough, but something was wrong with his story. The man couldn’t have come and gone so quickly. 
Carter glared back, obviously aware of Zinovy’s skepticism. Finally he straightened. “I’ve told you. You don’t have to believe me.” He shoved his hands in his pockets and stalked off. 
Zinovy and Berry watched him go. “Another item to add to our agenda for tomorrow’s meeting I guess,” Berry said.
“We have no idea how reliable this information is. It’s possible Charles is hallucinating. This atmosphere may be playing tricks with his mind.” Even as he spoke Zinovy remembered his own ‘hallucination’ in the shuttle. That vision had proved real. He had no reason to disbelieve Carter’s.
“Well, we need to tell the others in any case. If this is for real, someone else may run into him and we can find out more about this warning business, or threat—whatever it is.” Berry went on, “We need to talk about the news from the underground base as well. Those parents must have been pretty insistent if Anderson’s gone to the trouble of building a second air-lock to let them out.” 
That night, as he went to bed, Zinovy found a hole in the exercise pants he’d been wearing since he’d landed. No, wait, there were more. Pulling the pants off, he discovered five or six small holes and several pinpricks that appeared on their way to becoming larger. They looked like burn marks, as if he’d sprinkled acid on the pants, but he’d never worked with acid in the lab. The hair on the back of Zinovy’s neck stood on end as he imagined the pinpricks touching his skin. 
He wondered what he would do when these pants wore out. He only had one other pair—some blue jeans he’d bought in the U.S. years ago as a concession to the official cultural exchange policy. He didn’t like them. Denim was not his style. But at least they weren’t synthetic. 
He shrugged. Clothes were the least of his concerns. He checked to see that the receipt was safe in his shirt pocket, tucked the pants into his kit bag, noting with some relief that his boxers were still in good shape, and crawled into his bedroll. 
Sleep didn’t come until he’d made plans to deal with his most recent problem. He needed to find out who had bought a diet Coke and two candy bars at the Circle K in Cape Canaveral, and then scribbled that cryptic message on the back of the receipt.
* * *
The next scribbled message he saw was in the log book: Day 18: Today the animals appeared. 
Grace’s log entry was unusually short, even though much had happened on that day. The boy, Caleb, was the first to find an animal. He came running through the camp toward Zinovy holding a squirming rabbit struggling to gain a foothold on his shirt with its hind legs. 
“Caleb, put him down. He’ll bite you.”
“No he won’t. He’s my friend.” The boy set the rabbit on the ground at Zinovy’s feet where it sat for a moment, sniffed the ground in various places, then hopped off toward the edge of the compound.
“See? He likes me.”
“No, he doesn’t. Wild animals don’t like people and they’re dangerous if you try to touch them.” Then, as an afterthought, “Where did you find him?”
The boy pointed back to the edge of the clearing where Ruben, Simon and Mike were emerging with excited smiles. “Hey,” Ruben yelled. “We found some deer. Come look, quick.”
Zinovy trotted over and stood, shaking his head in disbelief. The forest surrounding the clearing was alive with animals, as if the ground had opened up and birthed them full-grown. The larger species—Ruben’s “deer”—grazed contentedly, moving slowly away whenever one of the boys tried to approach. Zinovy looked around. A plump white rabbit rooted around the base of the tree beside him, and a chipmunk scampered up the trunk. 
Berry moved to Zinovy’s side. “Look,” he said quietly. “Over there next to those bushes.” He pointed toward two graceful animals dipping their heads rhythmically to the cadence of their chewing. They glistened with radiation, flashes of light arcing between the antlers of the tall male. 
“Those aren’t deer,” Zinovy said. “They’re some kind of antelope.”
“I know. I’m not sure what species, are you?”
Zinovy shook his head. “It’s an exotic one. Looks African.” 
“See the radiation?” Berry said. “They’re full of it.” 
They watched a while, then Zinovy wondered aloud. “How do they survive? It’s a most remarkable thing.”
“That’s the second question,” Berry pointed out. “The first question is how did they survive the blast? They certainly weren’t underground when it happened.”
“And the next question is, where do they get water? They must drink something.”
Berry nodded. “We’ve got this meeting, then I want you to assign some of your crew to observe—follow the antelope—see where they’re finding water. It’s got to be polluted, but I’d like to know the source.” 
Chatter about the animals dominated the crew’s breakfast conversation. It was a good diversion. No one noticed the questionable condition of the watered-down eggs or the absence of any kind of fruit. They ate distractedly, cleaned up the dishes, then gathered for the morning’s briefing. 
Everyone was there. Even the girl hovered on the edge of the gathering, children in tow, staying close to Grace and in the background. Grace still hadn’t gotten the information they needed from the evasive young woman. Zinovy studied the girl covertly. She looked as if she would prefer to be invisible. 
Berry explained the purpose of the meeting. “We have three items on the agenda this morning,” he said. “We’ll begin with the most immediate one.” He peeked around Grace at the girl. “Could you bring the children forward please?” His voice was low and gentle. 
After a pause, Sara nudged the children forward and then followed more slowly herself. Berry took the hands of the two older ones and said, “I have some good news: your parents are coming to get you.”
The children looked at him, eyes wide, then up at Sara. She smiled and nodded, relief shining on her face. The crew stood by as Sara and the children hugged each other. 
Then Caleb extracted himself from the others and grasped the commander’s sleeve, looking up into his smiling eyes. “Are my mommy and daddy coming too?” he asked. 
Berry frowned. “I’m sorry, little one,” he said. “Your mommy and daddy aren’t here.” 
The boy’s face crumpled and he groaned softly. Then he stood erect, crossed his arms and stomped his foot. “That’s not fair,” he said. “It’s not fair that they get their mommy and daddy and I don’t get mine.” 
Sara was with him in an instant, gently consoling, leading him away, his howls piercing the brilliant air as he went. Zinovy watched the forlorn little fellow go and something about the slump of the small, heaving shoulders tugged at his chest. When he turned his attention back to the meeting Carter was complaining again.
“Look. This is really going to cut into our food supply. We only have stores for a few more days as it is. And the water too—we didn’t plan for this. We’re talking about four more mouths to feed. That’s even if the parents bring up their own food supplies. I assume they’re going to do that,” he said, looking at Berry through narrowed eyes. 
Zinovy, his mind still half-attentive to the children at the back, noticed Sara’s head come up. She gazed at Carter keenly. 
Carter went on, “I hope you’re going to ask for stores for the children while you’re at it. The others should at least contribute to that.”
Berry shifted uneasily. “We’ve already asked for a lot, and the base wasn’t counting on the extra mouths to feed either.” Zinovy watched Carter’s face harden as Berry hesitated—heard him swear under his breath. 
A lively debate followed. The crew was obviously getting tired of Carter’s whining. They wrangled with him over his complaints until finally he shut up, finding it hard to defend a position that would deny food and water to children. 
Discussion moved on to plans for the coming of the parents and Zinovy mentally re-calculated their survival time. Their days were numbered and the numbers were decreasing. He looked up at the place where the girl had been, but she was gone. 
Berry went on to other issues. Carter was rescued from the worst of the others’ condemnation—elevated to celebrity status, even—by his central role in the drama of the next item on the agenda. 
“We have another new development,” Berry said. “We’ve discovered we’re not alone in the area, and it’s not just the animals.” Berry paused. “Charles has met someone.” 
The group erupted into questions as Carter told his story. “Where did he come from?” “Where’d he go?” “Was he healthy?” “Why did he come to Charles?” “Does that mean there are lots of other people alive?” “Why did he say we shouldn’t stay here?” 
Finally Berry reigned them all in. “We can’t make a decision about going anywhere yet. We need more information. But I wanted you to be prepared in case you meet this person.” The buzz continued. “I repeat,” Berry said. “Nothing’s happening right now. Just keep your eyes and ears open. If he approaches any of you, bring him to me immediately.”
With difficulty, Berry moved the discussion from the sensational to the mundane. Raheem gave an inventory update. Grace announced adjustments to the chore roster. Carter reported on the latest radiation readings, which had not dropped since the equipment had been set up. Beautiful as it was, the air they breathed still sparkled with danger. No one said anything about health problems, and Berry didn’t ask. 
The meeting ended and the crew drifted away, continuing small group discussions of current events. Zinovy snagged Simon and Ruben before they left and gave them the animal tracking assignment. “Follow them. See where they drink, and come back and report.” The boys took off. Zinovy called after them: “Don’t get lost. Make sure you know how to get back.” 
Simon held up a small silver instrument. “We won’t. We have compasses.” 
Zinovy watched them disappear into the trees, then turned and walked toward the command center, intent on pursuing his own investigations. He needed to interview Sara directly about her survival, even if it meant he had to be more forceful with her. He understood her emotional frailty, but the well-being of the whole group must take precedence. He also wanted to get his hands on the logbook. 
But both Sara and Grace were gone.
“Graham, have you seen Grace?” Zinovy asked as he passed through the compound.
“Yeah. I think she went to her room.” 
Zinovy walked to the shelter and knocked on the doorpost. Grace responded with what sounded like a groan. He entered to find her shivering on her pallet, her face pale and moist. She smiled up at him—a ghost of a smile that accentuated her hollow cheeks and the dark circles that made half moons under her eyes. 
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I haven’t been feeling well lately.” 
Zinovy dropped to his knees beside her, shocked to see the state she was in. 
“I’m so tired of living,” she said, her voice a whisper. “It’s been so hard to go on all this time. I miss my family. Now that they’re gone I don’t have any reason to exist. I want to go too.” She closed her eyes and tears streamed down her cheeks. He reached out a tentative finger and caught one before it reached her chin. Then he picked up a corner of her blanket and dabbed at the rest. 
“Don’t cry.” It sounded like a command; he wasn’t used to begging. He wanted to give her some reassurance, tell her things weren’t that bad.
 But he couldn’t. They were that bad.
She cried silently for a while. He wiped away the tears as they fell, willing them to end. Finally she pulled herself together, opened her eyes and sniffed. “Please don’t tell the others. I’ll keep taking the medicine. It helps. But no one needs to know until . . . ”
“I have to tell Archie,” he said. “We have to be able to care for you.” 
In the end he left her, stopping on the way out, his gaze arrested by the faces of a man and three small boys in the row of photos lined up on the inside of the doorpost. Then he went with lagging steps to tell Archie it had finally begun in earnest. 
He came back with pain medicine and something to settle her stomach. It wasn’t until he was leaving that he remembered why he’d come in the first place. He turned. “Grace, where’s the logbook?” She waved toward a corner of her room. The book and a stubby pencil sat on top of her pack. He collected both and went off to find the girl. 
Strange she wasn’t around; it was lunchtime, and the children would be getting hungry. He headed toward their sleeping area. After the first night they’d moved out of Grace’s quarters, but they’d stayed close, bedding down in a small grove of trees just outside the compound. 
He approached the grove and peeked in. The two older children were sleeping, curled up together, breathing softly. There was no sign of the girl or the boy, Caleb. Even their packs were gone. He turned back to the compound, asking those he met if anyone had seen them. None had. 
A sense of foreboding swept over him, like a dark shadow moving through the bright afternoon air. He went to tell Berry, and found him sitting at the command console talking to Carter. 
“Sara and Caleb are gone. They’ve packed up and left.” 
Archie frowned. “Not a smart move on the girl’s part. They could die out there.”
Zinovy glared at Carter. “You know why they left, don’t you?” 
The fat American leaned against a tree, cleaning his nails with a twig he’d pulled from one of the branches. He glanced up. “What are you looking at me for?”
“Because you’re the one who drove them away. Did you see the look on her face while you were whining about food supplies and how you didn’t want to feed extra mouths? She got the message. She’s gone because of your sniveling.”
Carter straightened and drew his shoulders back. His characteristic frown deepened, but Zinovy went on: “If those two children die you are to blame. You will have killed them by your stupid, selfish, attitude.”
Carter’s speed amazed Zinovy. In two seconds he’d crossed the space between them and buried his head squarely in Zinovy’s midriff. The force of the charge knocked him off his feet. Instinctively, he dropped the logbook and reached for Carter’s throat. His fingers dug in at the base of the flabby neck, but just before the snap, another pair of hands broke his grip, and Eric Glaston pulled him away. 
Zinovy came to his senses, still angry, but in control. Carter sat back against the tree, nursing the bruises on his throat, breathing deeply. His face remained contorted, but the lines, as they softened, reflected more anguish than rage. A wave of something almost like pity washed over Zinovy. It was good Glaston had intervened. No need to kill the little zasranec. He was a nuisance, yes, but not a danger.
Zinovy picked up the logbook and got to his feet. Glaston stood between the two men. Archie watched from the sidelines. “You’re lucky,” Zinovy said. “Glaston saved your life.” Then he turned and walked away. 
The loss of the girl was a setback. They badly needed more information about how she’d survived. Then he remembered. The girl wasn’t their only source of information. Two of the children were still around. He would interview them as soon as they woke from their nap. He tucked the logbook under his arm and headed for the galley.
* * *
Lunch was over and the children hadn’t appeared. Zinovy salvaged some food and went to find them. They were sitting up rubbing their eyes when he entered the grove. He handed each a cracker sandwich and sat down to watch them eat. They watched him in return, munching quietly. When they were almost finished Zinovy spoke. They nodded at his greeting, but said nothing.
“You had a long journey, coming here, didn’t you?” he began. 
Again they nodded. He waited for one of them to speak, but nothing came. “You must have had lots of adventures.” No response. 
He began to revise his initial assessment of communication with children. These two were certainly not prepared to hold up either end of a conversation. With an effort he controlled his impatience and continued, trying the direct approach again. 
“What did you eat when you were out there all alone in the forest?” he asked, looking first at the girl. She was studying the crumbs that had fallen on her lap, picking them up, one by one, and putting them in her mouth, ignoring him. 
He turned to the boy. “Can you tell me?” The boy looked at him for a long moment. Zinovy almost jumped when he finally spoke.
“We ate vegetables,” he said. 
Zinovy remembered the girl had been working in the garden when they’d run away. She must have taken gleanings with her. But there couldn’t have been many. 
“And what happened when you ran out of vegetables?”
“We didn’t run out.”
Zinovy pondered. They’d been alone in the wilderness for over two weeks. She couldn’t have carried enough to last the whole time. Maybe children didn’t eat much. It could have been enough if they’d rationed. But what would they have done about water? She’d been carrying a canteen when he found her, but it had to have been empty by that time.
“What did you drink?” he pressed on, frowning slightly. This was like pulling teeth. 
The girl looked at him now. Her mouth puckered and she frowned back. “Don’t talk to my brother that way.” 
Zinovy was nonplussed. She couldn’t have been much older than seven and she’d been through a lot, but he was getting to the end of his patience. He breathed an exasperated sigh and turned once again to the boy, speaking slowly and distinctly. “What did you drink, please?” 
“We drank mostly juice from the vegetables. Some water, but mostly the juice. Sara got it out for us.” The boy shut his mouth and sat back, as if he’d exhausted the topic. 
Zinovy’s frown deepened. “But you couldn’t get enough moisture from the vegetables. You’d need much more.” 
His stern face was not intended as a rebuke, but the children apparently misunderstood. Zinovy watched as the girl’s face puckered. She shut her eyes and opened her mouth. There were going to be tears. He stood abruptly and turned to go, watching out of the corner of his eye as the boy wrapped his arms around his sister and pulled her close. 
This was a job for Grace. He wished she were well. He had accomplished nothing. 
Zinovy’s wasn’t the only unsuccessful mission of the day. 
“We looked all around but we didn’t see the deer anywhere,” Ruben said. “The rodents are still here, but the others aren’t.”
“You’re sure?”
Both boys nodded vigorously. Zinovy dismissed them and went to report to Archie, massaging the tight muscles at the back of his neck. This was going to be one of those days. It was a good thing the parents were coming. 
* * *
The parents arrived the morning of the crew’s nineteenth day down. The crew below ground had managed to construct a second evacuation chamber out of an empty water tank from the emergency rations room. They’d cut an opening in one side, put the two escapees in, turned it around so that the hole was over the inner hatch opening, and welded it in place. It was an ingenious idea that could have been a disaster. The temperature in the unit soared with the welding, and the couple barely escaped being boiled in their own juices. They burst out of the hatch, oblivious, at first, to the glittering destruction in the air they sucked into their seared lungs. 
The oblivion continued through their reunion, the fear of radiation poisoning lost in the joy of being with their children again. Relief radiated from behind Mark Mueller’s glasses, softening a ring of more serious creases around his eyes. His wife, Michelle, clutched the children tightly, tears in her eyes, anxiety still resting on her brow. 
The couple were in their early thirties, both NASA engineers, who had worked hard to support their young family, leaving the children with Sara while they were at work. Zinovy was relieved to see them. With Sara gone and Grace out of commission, the children had become a worrisome concern. Everyone assumed that since he’d found them they were his responsibility. He was more than happy to give up his nursemaid duties. 
The Muellers brought with them more food and water and a couple of other items Archie had decided they needed. One was a tissue sampler—a piece of medical equipment that measured the saturation of radiation in skin samples. Carter confiscated the new toy and immediately set up a lab near the command center. 
Zinovy felt even better when he saw Grace coming through the trees that afternoon, looking more like her old self. She smiled at him as she passed and he returned the look. She was not moving fast, but she was mobile. 
Carter waylaid her as she moved past his tissue sampling site. He didn’t know she’d been sick, but he was looking for specimens, so he took a sample from her arm and added it to his growing collection. 
No one spoke of the fight between Zinovy and Carter over Sara’s leaving. Glaston and Archie were the only witnesses and they had obviously put it behind them. Carter and Zinovy moved warily back into a working relationship, Zinovy’s curiosity about the radiation problem overcoming his annoyance. He purposed to check in with the botanist as soon as the test results were ready. He’d donated a piece of tissue himself, but the results from Grace’s sample interested him more. 
Grace appeared to function normally. She went to welcome the newcomers, smiling at their joy, sharing in their wonder at the miraculous survival and reunion. “We should have a party,” she said. 
The idea caught on with everyone. Archie gave his approval, and Grace and Michelle began to plan. It was good there were women about, Zinovy thought. They added civility to the crew. 
One of the women was missing, however. 	
“Where’s Sara?” Mark asked when things settled down. “I thought she was here with Caleb.”
“Sara left with Caleb the day before you came,” Grace said. “We’re not sure where they are.” She frowned. “She’s a pretty independent girl. We couldn’t do much to stop her.”
“I understand.” Mark’s look was wry. “No one’s ever been able to tell Sara what to do. There are reasons for her independence, but it’s not always a good thing.”
“You’ve known her quite a while, then?” Grace asked.
Mark smiled. “I remember pacing outside the delivery room door the night she was born.”
Michelle added, “Sara’s like family to us. We’re so glad she was with them when all this happened.” Her face clouded, then cleared again. “She’ll be okay, I’m sure. She can take care of herself.” Grace glanced at Zinovy and he shrugged. Then she smiled at Michelle. “Well, let’s get this party organized.”
* * *
Morning came. The camp stirred to life early. After breakfast, while the others made final preparations for the party, Archie and Zinovy sat around the command center discussing the problem of the holes. 
More had appeared, in the communications console, in the skin of the ship, in the containers they used to store fuel cells and other commodities, and in their clothes. Zinovy studied his comrade who sat at the console, leaning on the tabletop now pockmarked with decay.
“Look here,” he said, reaching over. “You’ve got a hole in your armpit, too.”
Archie raised his arm, screwed his neck around to look, and swore. “Why is it so selective? My pants are fine, but my shirt’s falling apart.”
“And with me it’s the opposite. This pair of slacks is made of the latest synthetic material. Should have lasted forever. Yet the blue jeans are unaffected, and they were out on my bunk in the cabin for days, fully exposed to the atmosphere.”
“I don’t know what’s going on,” Archie said. “And I’m getting tired of saying that.” They were silent for a moment, thinking. Then Archie went on. “We’re losing some things we need. The communications system is going. I’m not sure how much longer Eric will be able to keep it mended. I’ve told Anderson we may cut out any time.” Archie sighed and pulled on his ear. “I suppose we can handle that. We’ve said everything we need to.”
“What else might go?” Zinovy mused. “What else that we need?” 
“Well, we have the food. That’s not being affected, though some of the containers have begun to wear.” 
Archie was thinking out loud. Zinovy listened as he studied the iridescent waves of light flickering over the nose of the shuttle. The skin of the ship was riddled with holes as well. Everything man-made—
Then Berry’s last words registered. Zinovy looked over at him, saw awareness dawn in his eyes. 
Instantly, the two were on their feet and sprinting toward the shuttle. They scrambled up the ladder into the cabin and found chaos. Water spouted from dozens of holes that had worn through plastic containers. Already the water level was far down in most of the vessels. Streams gushed from the bottom sections, pouring onto the floor, draining away into the fraying carpet. 
Zinovy whipped around, looking for a container that hadn’t been affected. Eight or nine empty metal canisters were still intact. He grabbed the nearest water jug and dumped what was left into one of the metal canisters. The rest of the containers went about their leaky business, spewing water everywhere. The two of them worked feverishly, recapturing as much of the remnants as they could. When they’d finished, they stopped and looked around.
It wasn’t just the water. Their food supplies had spilled out as well, pouring onto the counters and the floor, forming mushy piles of potatoes, applesauce and diced beef, soaking up the water that was their lifeblood. 
They assessed the damage. Much of the food had been recaptured, but over half of the water was gone. “We’ve got about a week’s supply left,” Archie estimated. He sighed and shook his head. “We’d better go tell the others.”
* * *
The party mood was over. That evening Carter took Graham and Raheem to the ship to see what they could find for dinner. After a quiet consultation, they salvaged some of the mess from the floor of the cabin, plopped it into their remaining food containers, and carried it out to the crew. The result was not appealing, and supper was unidentifiable, but no one seemed to care. 
Nothing identifiable had been salvaged from the tissue testing either. After supper, Carter called Archie and Zinovy aside. “There’s definite evidence of radiation—strong doses in everyone’s tissue, pretty much equal for us all,” he told them. “But the tissue doesn’t seem to be damaged, and that’s the puzzling part. With radiation this intense there should be no tissue left at all.” He frowned up at them. “We should all be dead.” 
Zinovy wasn’t surprised at Carter’s conclusion, but he was surprised at the results. “You’re sure levels of radiation are the same for all of us?”
“Pretty much. Yours is a little higher, but the difference is not statistically significant.” 
After Charles left, Zinovy discussed the test results with Archie. “Grace’s levels aren’t any higher, and yet she’s the only sick one. It doesn’t make sense. Why aren’t the rest of us sick too?”
Archie shook his head. “At least she’s up and around. Maybe she’s on the mend.” He stretched and yawned. “Let’s go to bed before we discover something else we need to worry about.”
Zinovy crawled into his blanket and lay awake under the translucent sky, remembering his first breath of the radiant air around him. He’d expected that breath to be his last. Once again the end was in sight. But now it appeared that starvation, not radiation, would take their lives. He thought of Redmond and Rudzinski, lying peacefully in their graves, and felt a sudden pang of envy. 




CHAPTER NINE
The next day, late in the afternoon, the stranger reappeared. This time Carter brought him to the compound. Zinovy watched the introductions from across the clearing. When Archie glanced over and motioned to him, he walked to the command center, studying the newcomer as he approached. 
“Zinovy, this is . . . ” Archie began, then paused.
“Elan,” the man said. “How do you do?” 
Just Elan. No last name. No title. Curious. 
Zinovy nodded at the greeting and continued his assessment. The man was unimpressive, shorter than Archie, pale blue eyes in an ordinary face, delicate features, with a touch of weakness around the corners of the mouth. But as the newcomer talked, Zinovy’s curiosity shifted from the man to the information he was giving them. Not that he was giving them much. He seemed only interested in driving home their need to leave the clearing.
“Why do you say we should go?” Archie asked.
“Because if you don’t—if you stay here—you’ll die.”
Zinovy and Archie looked at each other, then Archie pressed on. “What exactly is the danger? We need more specifics.”
“I’ve told you enough,” the stranger said with quiet finality. “You may choose to ignore this warning if you like. It’s up to you.”
But Archie would not be rushed into a decision. “We’re a democratic community. If you want to stick around for a while, I’ll discuss the idea with my colleagues and then we can call a meeting so you can address the whole group. Are you willing to do that?”
The man studied their faces for a moment. Then he said, “I’ve told you what you need to know. If you decide to go I’ll give you more information, but not until then. You must be willing to begin the journey.” 
 Archie looked away and Zinovy followed his gaze. The rest of the crew were standing around the edge of the compound, watching the conversation from a distance.
“We could call them over right now and discuss this,” Zinovy said. But when he turned back, the stranger was gone.
“Where is he?” Zinovy said. 
“What?”
“Did you see him go?”
Archie looked around. “No, I didn’t. I was thinking about what he said.”
“But he just disappeared, like that.” Zinovy snapped his fingers. “Are we seeing things that don’t exist?”
“That’s ridiculous. We can’t both be seeing the same non-existent person. We were just distracted when he left, that’s all.” 
Zinovy surveyed the edge of the clearing behind them and shook his head. “There is something not right,” he said. 
Archie frowned. “The question is, do we take his advice or not?”
Zinovy said, “I don’t know.” The statement was an echo of every answer to every question that had come up in the last three-and-a-half weeks. “I don’t know what’s going on here.” He walked away.
Archie followed him. “Wait, Zinovy. We need to discuss this rationally.”
Zinovy stopped so abruptly Archie tromped on his heels. “Look, Archie. I’ve said already—I don’t know. You’re on your own with this one.” 
Zinovy didn’t like not knowing. Not having a plan of action. Not having a variety of workable options. And something about the stranger irked him. A deep unease crept up his spine and he walked away tingling with apprehension.
That evening Archie called another meeting. “The man says we must move or we’ll die. He will tell us nothing more until we decide whether or not to act upon this information. I feel we don’t know enough to make such a decision, but I want to give you all a chance to have your say. What do you think?” 
Their responses were many and varied. “What’s the point of moving?” Carter said. “We’ve already scouted around. There’s no better place.”
“Why shouldn’t we go?” Emery countered. “This place means nothing to us. What are we doing here anyway?” 
The question hung in the air. Zinovy heard its echo in his mind: What are we doing here? Just existing until we die, that’s all. Frustration ate away at his insides, like the deadly radiation he inhaled with every breath. 
“There might be a better place to be than this,” Raheem said. 
A better place to die, you mean. 
“I think we should go,” said Graham. 
The boys were young—eager for adventure. But a heavy weight had settled in Zinovy’s gut. Again he was struck, more forcefully this time, with the fruitlessness of their existence, of all existence. Life was so fleeting, so meaningless. Even his desire to make Anton pay for the death of Nadya was not enough to make his life worthwhile. 
He shook himself, willing the heavy thoughts to vanish. Reason returned, and with it the realization they would have to go. Staying would be like giving up, and it was not sensible to give up. 
He was startled to hear the words he’d been thinking spoken aloud by Glaston. 
“Graham is right,” Glaston said. “We have to go. Staying here . . . well, staying here is like staying in the shuttle.” 
“Huh?” Carter was not following the logic. 
Glaston explained. “We all wanted to stay in the shuttle when we landed, right? We were afraid to go out. Afraid we’d die a horrible death. But we didn’t stay. Zinovy forced us out. And if he hadn’t we’d all be dead now, don’t you see?”
“So, now we die out here,” Carter said.
Glaston grimaced, pulled one knee up and wrapped his arms around it. “Yes. We probably will die out here. But we aren’t dead yet. We’re alive, at least for a while, and it hasn’t been too bad. I mean, it could have been worse. Staying in would have been worse.”
The group was silent. Eventually Glaston went on, “What I’m saying is that we don’t know what’s out there. Maybe the radiation isn’t everywhere. Maybe we could survive somewhere else.” He looked around at the others, then added, “The stranger was right. We’re going to die for sure if we stay here, just like we would have died in the shuttle. I say, why not risk leaving here, like we risked leaving the shuttle?”
The silence continued. Finally Archie spoke up. “He’s right. We left the shuttle because we had no oxygen. Now, we have no water. It’s the same choice. No choice really. We’re out of options. Again.” 
Zinovy glanced around the circle. The others were looking at Glaston. No one seemed inclined to argue. 
“Are we agreed, then?” Archie asked. “Do we move?”
One by one they nodded. The vote was unanimous. Even Carter shrugged his shoulders and ducked his head. So the decision was made. They would prepare, once more, to leave the environment they were beginning to feel at home in and embark on a journey to a destination they didn’t know, with no knowledge of conditions along the way, with dwindling resources and no hope of acquiring more. Zinovy shook his head at the irrationality of it all. 
But the irrational had become the most reasonable thing to do. They might as well be doing something, going somewhere, when the end came. Zinovy crawled to his feet and plodded off to bed. Maybe they’d be lucky and the end would come before morning.
* * *
To his disappointment, the end didn’t come before morning. Zinovy woke with a groggy head and went to join Archie in the lineup for breakfast, unprepared for his next encounter with Carter’s strange new friend. 
“Now that you’ve made your decision, I can give you more information.” 
Zinovy jumped. The sticky mush in his bowl splattered onto his shirt. He wiped it away and looked up to find the stranger standing beside them. 
The man spoke, picking up the conversation where it had ended so abruptly the day before: “Tell me what you want to know.”
Zinovy frowned. Archie eyed the stranger for a moment, then said, “Good morning. Glad you dropped by. How did you know we’d decided to go?”
Elan smiled. “I can’t read your minds, if that’s what you’re thinking. I was at your meeting last night. I heard the discussion.”
 Zinovy knew who had been at that meeting. He’d counted them: five astronauts, eight Canaveral crew members, and the Mueller family. Seventeen people. That was all. 
Elan glanced at Zinovy, then he turned to Archie. “Would you like me to talk to your people?” 
Archie looked at Zinovy. Zinovy shrugged. “It can’t hurt. If they meet him then at least we won’t seem like the only crazy ones.”
Archie checked his watch. “Okay. Go tell the others. We’ll meet here at 09:30.” He spoke to the stranger. “If that’s all right with you, sir.”
Elan inclined his head. 
The stranger wandered through the trees, not deliberately avoiding anyone, but keeping a polite distance. The others watched him as they went about their business, listlessly going through the motions, not accomplishing much, still sobered by the water trauma of the day before. At 09:30 everyone gathered near the command post and sat down. 
“Carter’s friend is here,” Archie began. “I’ve asked him to talk with you about our plans. He knows we’ve decided to follow his suggestion that we move on. Mr. Elan, would you care to speak now?”
“It’s ‘Elan,’” the stranger clarified. “There’s no ‘Mr.’” A glimmer of a smile played around the corners of his mouth.
He began gently. “I want you to know that I’m a friend. I want to help you. I know you’ve been through much, and you’ve had a lot of adjustments to make. This world looks strange to you. It’s a different place than the one you left, but it’s not dangerous if you heed my warnings.”
The visitor paused for a moment, looking at each of them in turn. He seemed in no hurry to continue. The eyes were penetrating. Zinovy dropped his gaze before their intensity. Then the stranger took a breath and went on.
 “You’re used to making your own decisions and taking care of yourselves, but you need help with some things now. You need to learn to trust.” 
Zinovy frowned. Trust was a tribute demanded by men who would become tyrants. The stranger turned and looked at Zinovy, increasing his discomfort. Then his gaze passed on to the others and he continued. “You’ve chosen to move. It’s the right decision. When you go, you’ll be traveling to a destination. The destination is a city.”
Everyone began talking at once. “A city?”
“With people?”
“Which city? Weren’t they all destroyed in the explosion?”
“Why would we want to go there?”
Elan waited for the babble to settle before he spoke again. “It’s a good destination. A good city, ruled by a good king.” 
Glaston raised his hand. Elan nodded to him. “Just where is this city? How far away? And how do you suggest we get there?”
“The city is located in the middle of the earth. It will be easy to find.” 
Zinovy was mystified. The middle of the earth was a core of molten iron, uninhabitable and impossible to get to. 
Elan must have read the confusion on their faces. He clarified. “No, no. The city is not in the center of the earth. It’s in the middle. The ‘medi-terra.’ We used to call the sea in that region the Mediterranean, remember?” He waited, watching to see that they understood before he went on. When their faces remained blank, he repeated, “The city is there, near where the Mediterranean Sea used to be.” 
“Do you mean in Italy?” Mike asked. In the early years, the Regime had considered Rome to be the center of the world.
“No, Italy isn’t there anymore. This city is in what used to be the Middle East.”
The news was taking a while to sink in. Their minds were dull, weakened by the stress they’d experienced, but Elan seemed to have infinite patience.
“The Middle East is far away,” Raheem pointed out. “Six thousand miles from here, at least.” 
“It’s not that far. You can get there in time.”
Zinovy struggled to hide his skepticism. Despite his earlier denial, Elan seemed to have an uncanny ability to read minds, yet he was oblivious to the realities around them. They had no means of transportation. The only way they could get anywhere was on foot. It would take them at least a year to get that far, and they had less than a week’s supply of water. Apparently none of those details had registered with the strange man. 
Another insurmountable problem stood in their way. Graham brought it up. 
“I think we’re forgetting something kind of important. Last time I looked there was an ocean between us and what you call ‘the middle of the earth.’ How would we get across that?”
The others chuckled and Elan smiled. “When was the last time you looked?” Graham frowned and Elan went on. “There is no ocean anymore.” 
Zinovy studied the man’s face, remembering their fruitless search for the ocean with the GPS, remembering the condensation in the upper atmosphere they’d come through on the way down. The implications began to jump out at him. If this man was telling the truth, then Zinovy’s assessment of the situation had been correct; the ocean had moved. 
Zinovy’s appreciation for the immensity of the nuclear event increased dramatically. The heat must have been unbelievably intense. The polar ice cap—what had happened to that? Was there any water left on earth? Had it all evaporated? That might explain their extreme thirst. But, no, there had to be some moisture. Otherwise the vegetation wouldn’t have survived. The vegetation—how had it gotten there? The questions multiplied and Zinovy’s consternation increased. 
The discussion continued around him. Archie said something to Elan, who had just answered another question about the city. Then the meeting appeared to be over. Grace slipped away and the Muellers took their children to their quarters. Some of the crew moved in closer to the stranger, eager to hear more. 
Zinovy hung around as well. He waited until the others had run out of questions, then he drew Elan aside. “You talk about this city in the Middle East,” he said. “Do you know anything about what’s going on in the rest of the world? Did other cities survive?” 
Elan shook his head. “No, the King’s city is the only one still standing. Individual people survived, but the cities they built did not.”
“Is it possible anybody survived in St. Petersburg, my home city in Russia?”
“It’s possible. If someone were underground, or even if they were out in the open, away from falling buildings, they might have survived. It’s the structures that were destroyed, not the people.”
Zinovy studied the ground. So strange that a holocaust such as this would destroy sturdy structures, but not fragile human beings. Their shuttle, their technology, their synthetics, were melting away, yet their bodies seemed unaffected. The selectivity of the destruction didn’t make sense. Nothing made sense. He looked up, ready with his next question, but the space beside him was empty. 
* * *
The rest of the day flew by. The crew were eager to get going, but there was much to do before they could leave. First, there was the concern for Grace. Archie had gone to check on her after the meeting and he stopped to talk to Zinovy on his way back. “She’s functioning, but she hasn’t eaten much. She went to bed early last night but she doesn’t look rested this morning. Is she able to travel?”
Zinovy shook his head. “I don’t know. I’d like to see Carter’s test results again.”
“Regardless of the results, she’s obviously not fit.” Archie rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s time we told the others. This is going to affect them all sooner or later.”
The community was shocked by the news. “I can’t believe I didn’t notice she was sick,” Michelle said. “We’ve spent lots of time together. I guess because I didn’t know her before I didn’t realize she was any different.” 
“Has anyone else had problems?” Archie asked. None had. Zinovy had been watching for symptoms in all of them and had noticed nothing. 
“Is there anything we can do to help her?” Michelle asked. 
“We need some way to carry her if she’s too sick to walk,” Graham said. “Like a wagon or something. We could take turns pulling it.” 
“That’s not a bad idea,” said Archie. “We could use some kind of transport in any case. There’ll be a lot to carry—all the supplies and equipment.”
The young men, keen to tackle this new engineering challenge, settled down under Zinovy’s supervision to explore the possibilities. They soon came up with a plan and set about making their design a reality. They worked industriously, determined to have the vehicle ready to go by the end of the day. 
Ruben found a couple of slender metal rods that might work as axles, and, after one last thorough scavenging trip through the shuttle, they confiscated the ladder to use as a frame for the new vehicle. 
The ladder was no great loss to the ship. Corrosion had nearly destroyed the structure by now. Ruben fell through the floor when he went to retrieve the last of the metal from the lab, nearly impaling himself on the rod he was carrying. Archie declared the shuttle condemned and their technological shelter was gone. 
Earlier in their explorations, Emery and Graham had found trees with short, thick trunks as dense as iron. They cajoled Carter into loaning them the laser-saw and ground away at the hard wood until they had four reasonably well-shaped wheels. Graham drilled holes in the center of each disc with a drill Conrad had jerry-rigged out of a metal file the underground crew had brought up with them. Zinovy watched the procedure with some concern. Ruben’s accident worried him. If any of them were injured their plans would become much more complicated. 
When the wheels were finished, they fastened the wagon together with vines, lined the bed with thick, waxy leaves from another of the many trees Carter couldn’t identify, and brought the finished product to Archie for inspection. Emery and Conrad hopped in the bed and Ruben and Simon pulled the wagon across the compound, demonstrating its speed and agility before an admiring crowd. 
Zinovy stood, arms folded across his chest. “And this odd mix of metal parts and vegetation is supposed to help transport us six thousand miles overland?” He shook his head. 
Archie brushed the hair out of his eyes. “It’s not very pretty, but it might work.” He watched as the vehicle careened past them again. Then he looked at Zinovy and grinned. “You’d think these kids had just re-invented the wheel.” 
They now had a rudimentary form of transportation, but their communication system was gone. It had quit without warning that morning, just after Archie told Anderson about the strange visitor and their decision to leave for the city. 
“I’m considering coming up sooner than I’d planned,” the Canaveral commander had said. “If you’re running into others up there the environment can’t be that threatening, and a lot of my people are getting restless.”
“Do you want us to wait for you?”
“No. Nothing’s settled yet. If we come up we’ll make our own way. Just continue to communicate as long as you can. Any information we get will be—”
There the conversation ended. “It’s beyond repair,” Glaston said. “The core has eroded completely. It’s a miracle it lasted as long as it did.” 
By suppertime they were ready to go. All supplies and equipment, including the EVARM unit, medical kit, fuel cell canisters and the generator, had been packed carefully in the back of the cart, leaving room for Grace at the front if she needed to ride. The saw was lashed on behind, where it could be accessed easily if bushwhacking became necessary. Backpacks full of personal belongings sat around under trees, waiting to be hoisted onto shoulders. Bedrolls would be added to the luggage in the morning. 
The Canaveral gang were restless. All but Raheem played a sloppy game of football in the middle of the clearing with a vegetarian pigskin made out of a large, bell-shaped leaf, stuffed with moss and bound together with a piece of vine. Raheem had wandered into the forest, off on a personal errand of some sort. There was nothing left to do. Nothing but worry about the water supply, the radiation, and one other situation they would have to remedy before they could leave.
* * *
Zinovy headed toward Archie, who was signaling him from across the compound. “This is kind of embarrassing,” Archie said, when Zinovy was within earshot. “I’ve got a problem no self-respecting expedition leader should ever have to admit.”
“What is it?” Zinovy asked, wondering what else could be wrong.
“The truth is, I don’t know where we’re going. I mean, I know we’re going to this city, but how do we get there?”
“I assumed we’d use the GPS. It’s somewhere northeast of us where we’re going, right? What’s wrong with just heading out that way—as the crow flies?”
“The GPS will start us off in the right direction. But if we do make it far enough to begin thinking about getting to the city, it might not be that easy. Finding the middle of the earth, and the city, wherever that is, could be like finding the proverbial needle in a haystack. If we can’t get more precise information we could wander quite far out of our way. I wish Elan—”
 Zinovy interrupted him with a nudge, and pointed to the man who was walking toward them from the fringe on the south side of the clearing. He walked with Carter, as usual. So irritating. Elan still had not figured out the proper protocol. 
“We’re heading out tomorrow morning if all goes well,” Archie began when they met in the middle of the compound.
“So Charles tells me,” the stranger said.
“Uh.” Archie hesitated, looked around, then turned to Elan. “We’re wondering if you can give us some directions. We know generally where we’re headed, but I’d like some specifics if you could help us out with that.”
“I’m happy to tell you,” Elan said. “It won’t be difficult. You’ll find your way quite naturally once you begin. But you need to start out going due north. You have your instrument, don’t you?”
Archie nodded. “But if the ocean is really gone, why wouldn’t we head east, directly toward the region?” 
“There is no ocean, but the northerly route will take you where you need to go for now. In the end it will be quicker to go that way. Trust me.” 
Zinovy bristled at those last two words. “Why will it be quicker? Why must we trust you?”
The stranger smiled. “Trust is what this journey is about.” 
Zinovy, exasperated, studied the man’s face, but it revealed nothing and he gave no further explanation. 
Archie turned to another topic that had been weighing on Zinovy’s mind as well. “What about the government in this city we’re going to? You mentioned a king. Is it a monarchy then? Or a dictatorship, like the last one?” 
Zinovy noted the deprecation in his tone. So Archie hadn’t been as much of a company man as he’d supposed. 
“It’s a theocracy,” Elan answered. 
Archie and Zinovy looked at each other. They were familiar with theocracies. The world had suffered its share. The last one, developing from the rapid rise to power of the mullahs and their terrorist enforcers in the Middle East, had led directly to the formation of the New World Regime seven years ago. The unprecedented explosion of new information technology had turned the world into a global community that needed global governance in order to survive. 
“Then it’s a dictatorship,” Archie said.
Elan considered. “It is a dictatorship, of a kind,” he said. “But it’s a benevolent one.”
The suspicion resonating in the back of Zinovy’s mind erupted into a cacophony of alarm bells. He was shocked at the man’s naivete. Did he know nothing of history? 
No one knew so-called ‘benevolent dictatorships’ better than Zinovy. He’d been thoroughly indoctrinated—had enthusiastically embraced the glorious ideals of the People’s Party. The socialist dream was supposed to be the ultimate solution to the problems of the world. But as he grew older, he realized that the Party really belonged to only a few of the people. The masses were in bondage to the few, and they lived in abject misery. He’d been fortunate to be near the top of the pyramid. 
Archie was talking again, pressing Elan for clarification. “What do you mean by a dictatorship ‘of a kind’?” Do human rights and freedom of choice have any part in this new government?” 
“Of course,” the stranger assured him. “People are free to choose, as they always have been. But the foolishness of refusing to submit to the authority of the King is more evident now than ever before.” 
This was sounding worse all the time. Zinovy wanted no more of the threats that enforced conformity to autocratically determined political agendas. The seed of suspicion planted in Zinovy’s mind during their first meeting with this man was now a full-grown tree. He looked at Elan’s placid face and saw evil there. 
The evil was all the more insidious because it was embodied in a kind of pseudo-diplomacy. The benevolence Elan had expressed before—his willingness to be “of service”—began to undergo a grotesque transformation in Zinovy’s mind. They were going to have to be as crafty as serpents with this person. He raised his eyebrows at Archie and Archie returned the look. 
After Elan left, Archie and Zinovy had their own meeting. “We have no reason to trust this man,” Zinovy said.
“I know.” They stood in silence for a moment, then Archie said. “But what else can we do? At least he’s given us some hope.”
“Hope. You mean wishful thinking.” Zinovy knew how useless a thing hope was. Hollow, formless, a black hole of disappointment. He couldn’t remember ever having any hope, at least for anything that wasn’t under his control.
“Well, we’ve made our plans. We’ve got to pursue them.” 
“But we need to be careful. Everything this man tells us we have to question.”
“Of course,” Archie said. “We’ll test his advice and take what seems to our benefit. We’ll head for this city, but we won’t go blindly.” He looked around. “By the way, have you seen the logbook anywhere? Raheem says it’s been missing for a while. It’s not our biggest worry, but we should at least keep a record of our progress when we begin this trip.”
“Yes,” Zinovy said. “I’ve got it. I’ll get it to Raheem.”
* * *
In the stress of the last few days, Zinovy had forgotten about his own personal problem. Now it was time to deal with the situation. 
The logbook had been tucked away in his kit bag, waiting until he had time to use it. He needed to do some research, and he needed an assistant. Raheem was the logical recruit. The young man didn’t need to know the significance of his task, and since he was Grace’s aide, the others wouldn’t wonder at his possession of the logbook or his assignment. Zinovy retrieved the logbook and went looking for him. He found the boy outside Grace’s shelter, watching the others play football.
“I have a job for you, Raheem,” he said. “I want to record some personal data from the crew.” He opened the logbook to the last page, wrote his name at the top, and wrote his GEN beside it—SS249-731-900. Then he handed the book and the pencil to Raheem. “I need you to go around to all the crew and have them write their names and GEN’s below mine. Make sure they do the writing. I want an accurate record. Then bring the book back to me. Do you understand?”
 Raheem nodded, and wandered off toward the game. 
Zinovy watched him go, then he began a restless pacing back and forth across the compound, thinking for the hundredth time how impossible this journey was. He reviewed the dreary facts: more than six thousand miles stretched around the earth between Canaveral and the city. If the city existed. Or if it had not moved. This crazy new world offered no guarantees about either possibility. They might be heading to a destination that had relocated itself to the North Pole, for all they knew. 
They were on foot, with two children. On a good day, they might put twenty of the six thousand miles behind them. And that was just one of their challenges. Archie hadn’t told the others, but their water would be gone in four days. 
Zinovy squinted up at the shimmering light above his head. The whole idea of this trip was insane. Yet, in spite of it all, Zinovy was anxious to get started. The reminder that he had an enemy in camp had also been a reminder of his enemy on the other side of the world. According to Elan, there was a chance Anton had survived. If he had, their trip to that mythical city would take Zinovy 6000 miles closer to him. Six thousand miles closer to his revenge for the murder of Nadya and his child. 
Zinovy had a purpose. He had a goal. He had a destination. His spirits revived, somewhat, at the reminder. If he didn’t make it, he would at least die trying. Better to die that way than to die of resignation. 
Something else happened that evening that lightened his spirits some more. There was no reason for the relief he felt, the release of a kind of restriction that had gripped his chest for the last few days, but it came anyway, as he was eating his dinner. To be precise, it came the moment he saw Sara and the boy walking back into the compound. 
He watched as she came through the camp, avoiding the main group, heading for Grace’s quarters. The boy trudged along beside her, head down. The bounce had left his step. He looked tired. Their supplies must have run out. 
He got up, took his dishes to the shrubbery, wiped them down and stowed them in the bucket waiting to be loaded onto the cart for transport in the morning. Then he went off to check his gear, making sure all was in place for the trip.
When he’d done everything that needed doing, he wandered through the clearing and into the shrubs behind the headquarters. A rabbit hopped from under one of the bushes, blinked up at him, then loped purposefully off into the tall grass along the edge of the trees. The rabbit had no worries, and he seemed to know what he was supposed to be doing with his life. 
The muffled sound of sobbing interrupted Zinovy’s anthropomorphic musings. He pushed aside some dense foliage in his path and found Sara sitting, her back propped against a smooth-barked tree. The boy was on her lap and the sobs came from the small face buried in her shoulder. 
Zinovy had seen enough tears in the last few days. He wanted to leave, but his feet refused to move. He stood looking down at the two waifs, the strange spell of the moment holding him transfixed. Sara glanced up.
“What’s the matter with him?” he asked.
She grimaced. “He’s grieving. When Peter and Jenna heard their parents were coming up, I had to tell him that his wouldn’t be coming back. He’s been like this ever since.”
Zinovy stood watching the forlorn little figure, the heaving shoulders, the hands tucked up in front of the dripping face, and something moved inside him. He stepped forward and knelt before them on the grass. 
“Let me take him,” he said, surprising himself with the words. He held out his arms toward the boy.
Sara’s eyes widened. She looked at him for a moment, then down at the sobbing child. Finally, she relaxed her hold and let her arms fall to her sides. Zinovy leaned over and took the boy from her, drawing him close, collecting the little limbs into a soft ball onto his lap. The boy continued to cry, but he settled into Zinovy’s embrace and soon two small arms came up and clung to his neck. 
A strange sensation came over Zinovy. His heart began to pound. He sat motionless—afraid of disturbing the child now weeping forlornly into the crook of his neck. Sara left them sitting in the glittering twilight. Zinovy saw the curious picture they made reflected in her eyes before she turned to go. 
How had he arrived at this place, so different from what he’d expected when he left St. Petersburg for the space station assignment? Nothing should have happened the way it had. Nothing should be as it was. Yet they were here, together, for good or for ill, and tomorrow the next leg of the journey would begin. 




PART TWO
The Journey

When I learned that He would always be with me
something cleared in my mind and soul.

Victor Stepanovich Andreev,
Major General and Admiral of the Russian Army/Navy

CHAPTER TEN
Zinovy woke with a start and leaped to his feet, hands ready to throttle the enemy he’d been stalking in his dreams. He blinked through the dim midnight light at Raheem, who crouched beside the commander, shaking his arm and talking excitedly. “Come quick. It is the sickness again.”
Berry scrambled to his feet and they raced across the compound to the place the boys had bedded down for the night. Five of them rolled on the ground in the throes of the sickness. Graham and Emery had lost their supper. The twins and Conrad looked as if they were about to. Mike and Alex stood by, watching helplessly. 
Berry assessed the situation, then sent Alex off to the supply cabinet for medicine. Mike frowned down at the sick boys. “It went away before,” he said. “Maybe it’ll go away again.” He looked up at Archie. “Does this mean we can’t go?”
“We can’t leave if people are too sick to travel.” 
Alex came back. Berry and Zinovy stayed until the sick boys had taken the medicine and the others had crawled into bed again, then they headed back to their own disheveled blankets. 
“They’ll be crazy with disappointment if we don’t go,” Zinovy said to Archie as they settled down. “They’re determined.”
“I know they are, but determination can only carry them so far. The reality is . . . .” Archie left his sentence unfinished. 
“What is reality?” Zinovy said. “Do you know any more?”
Archie shrugged. Zinovy yawned, and fell instantly asleep. 
But the boys’ determination prevailed. By breakfast time all five of the sick ones were up and trying to eat. They weren’t in top form, Zinovy could tell, but they were determined not to show signs of weakness. 
“I’m totally stumped by the way this sickness works,” Zinovy said to Archie as they gathered their belongings for the journey. “If it’s radiation sickness there should be no recovery at all. Everyone should be affected, and we should all be getting worse, not better. Why does it seem the effects wear off after a time?”
Archie shrugged. “I have no idea. There must be something working to counteract the effects of the radiation, but I don’t know what, or how it happens.” 
“Maybe it’s not the radiation,” Zinovy said. “Is there anything else that might be causing the problem?”
Archie swept his arm through the sparkling atmosphere. “Look around you. Has to be the air. It sizzles with radioactivity.” He pointed to the EVARM badge attached to Zinovy’s shirt. “You see that? Levels have stayed close to the top since we’ve landed. It’s just a matter of time before the effects become permanent.”
Zinovy shook his head and walked away, wondering why they seemed compelled to go through the motions of everyday life, as if there were such a thing anymore. 
* * *
Zinovy’s preparations were over. He cracked his knuckles, and sat down in one of the chairs at the command center, restless with the wait. They were leaving the compound in rather a mess, he noted. The ship lay crumpled in a disorderly heap, looking like a woman of the streets on the morning after the night before. The boneyard behind the shuttle had become the town dump. Even the command center where he sat had taken on a dilapidated look. The seats were worn and the now-defunct communications console listed to the right, its supports on that side having rotted almost completely away. Zinovy glanced down at the base of the structure, noting that the left side was about to go as well. 
He watched as the others scrambled to get ready. Everyone was mobile. Graham and the twins rooted around in the foliage at the edge of the clearing. Emery and Mike were off helping Raheem with some last minute task. The Muellers stood nearby, adjusting the straps on their backpacks. Even the children would be carrying small loads.
Sara and the boy had been gone all morning again. These strange disappearances mystified Zinovy, but even as he was musing they appeared, coming out of the trees to his left. They’d changed. Sara’s spiky hair was beginning to grow, now falling in curly tendrils about her face in a way that was not unattractive. She still seemed haunted, and wary, but she was looking less . . . how to say it? . . . more filled out or something. 
Caleb seemed himself again, lively and curious, bouncing around with limitless energy. He glanced over at Zinovy and ran across the clearing, pulling up abruptly, leaning over to shout his latest discovery into Zinovy’s ear. The chair gave way, spilling its occupant onto the ground in an undignified heap. 
Zinovy picked himself up and smoothed down his jeans. He was adjusting to the Levis very slowly. 
Eric walked by, grinning. “What’s the matter, cowboy? Fall off your horse?” Zinovy glared at him. 
“Time to go,” Archie called across the compound. “Let’s get things together.” 
Zinovy headed off to find Grace. Caleb went with him, attaching himself to Zinovy’s hand as if it were his own personal possession. Zinovy nodded at Sara as he went by and she returned the greeting, tentatively. 
They found Grace sitting on the mound of brush that served as her bed, her pack of belongings beside her. She was holding a small box, sniffing at the contents. Raheem squatted on the ground, and Emery and Mike hovered in the background. She glanced up when the two newcomers arrived.
“Look.” She held up her treasure. “Another present.”	
Raheem grinned. “Only some more talc. It is not quite the same as the first, but it smells good.”
Zinovy nodded, noting the pleasure in both of their faces. Caleb tugged at his hand. 
“It’s time to go,” Zinovy said. “We’re gathering in the clearing now. Sure you feel up to it?” He bent and studied Grace’s face.
She nodded. “I’m ready.” 
Zinovy pulled her to her feet, gathered up her parcel, and they left the bower. 
Within minutes everyone had gathered. Eric studied the GPS unit. They were heading north, as Elan had advised, but both Archie and Zinovy were ready to redirect eastward if it seemed a better route. 
“Put that thing away, Eric,” Archie said. “It’s our most important instrument now. We don’t want it melting.” Eric stowed the GPS in its metal box and closed the latch. 
Archie took a last look around the compound. Then, with little fanfare, they were off. 
Archie and Eric took the lead, carrying the box with the GPS. Carter followed. Zinovy, with Caleb still attached, walked beside Grace. 
Zinovy glanced down at her, noting the bent head framed by the straight dark hair that had lost its soft sheen. How long could she manage? Zinovy glanced over his shoulder. Sara followed at a distance, behind Mark and Michelle with their children. He should give Caleb to her, but he didn’t want to leave Grace long enough to make the transfer, so they continued on in the same formation. 
The young men trailed at the back of the line, fully recovered and more boisterous than ever now that they were on their way. The twins pulled the wagon. 
They traveled for three hours, the line gradually spreading out, until the caravan suddenly halted. Zinovy sent Caleb back to Sara and pulled up behind Carter to see what was going on. Archie glanced up as he approached. “Look at this, Zinovy.” Carter was holding the EVARM unit. “These readings are going up astronomically. They’ve risen half again as high as they were when we started. What do you make of it?” 
“It’s obvious we’re heading into greater concentrations of the stuff,” Carter said, looking from one to the other. “We can’t keep heading in this direction.”
Archie shot a significant glance at Zinovy, obviously considering a move to ‘Plan B’. Zinovy nodded.
Archie turned to Eric. “Where’s the GPS? We’re going to make an adjustment to our route. We’ll go directly east—see if we can get out of this deadlier atmosphere. What’s our direction now?” 
Eric frowned at the instrument. “Well, so far we’ve been going due north. East is that way.” He pointed. “I think it’s that way. I’m not too sure we can trust this reading though.”
“Why not?” Archie looked over Eric’s shoulder.
“The distances are screwed up. I’ve got it tracking on our destination, but the reading shows the site to be a lot closer than it is.” He squinted at the lines on the map. “Like a little over four thousand miles closer.”
“That can’t be.”
“I know. This thing is falling apart like everything else.”
“But it was tracking direction change while we were moving, wasn’t it? Let’s test that. Here, hold it up. Now turn ninety degrees to the right.” Eric followed Archie’s instructions. “There, see? It shows a ninety-degree turn from north to east. That’s all right.”
Eric nodded. “I guess so. Yeah. And when I turn another ninety degrees it shows south.”
“Well, let’s go with it then. We’ve got nothing else.” So they readjusted their course and the whole party moved off to the east. 
The rest of the day proceeded without incident. They stopped for a brief lunch in a grove of maple trees whose leaves glistened a brilliant spring green over their heads. Then they plodded on, following their leader for another six hours before he finally called a halt for the night. 
Their first day had exhausted them. Even Zinovy was glad to rest, but he made the rounds, checking on everyone else before he turned in. His crew tried to appear functional, but he’d noticed more than one of them turn a pasty green and dip off into the brush at various times during the day. He found Grace sleeping peacefully, smiling slightly, the container of fragrant sawdust resting near her face. 
On the way back to his bed, he stopped by the secluded hollow Sara had chosen for her resting place. She and Caleb also slept, curled up on a soft, grassy hummock. Her arm was draped over Caleb’s small frame and his head was nestled under her chin. Zinovy stood for a moment looking down at them, then moved on to his spot across the clearing. 
Sitting down on his bedroll, he pulled out the logbook Raheem had returned to him, opened it, and placed the crumpled receipt from his pocket next to the numbers the crew members had written on the back page. He studied the figures carefully, squinting in the dimming light. Finally he frowned, put the paper back in his pocket and closed the logbook. 
* * *
Morning brightened, but the weary travelers clung to their beds. Zinovy rolled up his blanket and went to find Archie. 
“Well, what do you think?” Archie asked as he neared. “Are we okay to move on? We could rest a day, but I hate to break our stride until we get farther on.”
“Let’s wait and see,” Zinovy said. “Everyone’s pretty quiet but maybe breakfast will perk them up.” 
He went to the cart and began unloading supplies. Some of the others crawled out of their blankets, and Simon and Ruben wandered over to help with meal prep. 
Zinovy glanced over to the women’s corner of the encampment. No sign of activity there. He left the twins to their cereal mixing and went to check on Grace. He found her in bad shape. She lay curled up on a grassy hummock with her eyes closed. Zinovy didn’t have the heart to suggest she come for breakfast. It was good they had the cart. She might need it today. 
On the way back through the compound he passed Sara’s empty bed. He looked over to see if she and Caleb were in the breakfast line, but they weren’t. Everyone else was awake, moving slowly, but bundling their bedrolls and making preparations for the journey. 
Zinovy spooned cereal into his bowl and ate it standing up. When he’d finished, he walked over to Archie, who was sitting on a tuft of grass, dictating a long report to Raheem—filling in the data they’d missed when Zinovy had the logbook. Zinovy waited until the dictation was finished, then spoke. “Sara and the boy aren’t here. Should we look for them?”
Archie raised his head and surveyed the edges of the clearing. “You can check around if you want, but I’m sure they’ll be back. They do have a habit of coming and going. I don’t think we should wait long. Radiation levels haven’t gone down enough to suit me yet.” 
Zinovy went off to arrange for Grace’s transportation, but when he got to her bedroll she was up and moving around. He offered her the cart, but she shook her head. “I’ll be okay. I’ll get a granola bar. Maybe if I eat something I’ll feel better.”
Zinovy wasn’t convinced, but he didn’t want to insist she ride. She could walk until she dropped. Then they’d be able to put her in the cart without an argument. He went to get her something to eat, then gathered his pack and headed to the center of the camp.
By the time the others were packed and ready to go, the two wanderers had returned, moving into the campsite from the bushes to the north. Archie gathered the group and they started off, gradually picking up the pace as they found their stride. Grace began well, matching the pace even as it increased. Zinovy walked behind her, ready to catch her if she stumbled. 
The morning passed. They stopped briefly for lunch, then plodded on, but the terrain fought against them, the vegetation pressing in more tightly the farther they went. Soon they were pushing through clumps of grass growing so tall and so close together that Zinovy had to sweep them aside with his arms so Grace could move forward. The boys with the cart had to detour around the worst of the obstructions, and by mid-afternoon, the grassy meadow had merged into a field of bushes and shrubs so thick they couldn’t get through at all. 
They stopped, and Zinovy eased Grace to the ground where she immediately fell asleep, her head on a mound of mossy earth underneath a clump of yellow-leaved bushes. Zinovy pushed his way through the dense growth toward Archie.
“What now?” he said. 
Archie shook his head. “Charles is going to get the saw. He wants to bushwhack, but I’m not sure how far he’ll get.” He looked across the waist-high ocean of green stretching ahead of them. “This stuff goes on forever.” 
Charles came up, pulling the laser saw across the top of the foliage as he dragged his bulky frame through the brush, turning the iridescent air around his mouth a brilliant blue. He looked up at them, and then got to work. Two hours later they’d managed to move everything, including the cart, half a mile farther along.
* * *
Elan was back. Zinovy stood with Carter and watched him work his way up the line of tired pilgrims toward them.
“It’s about time,” Carter said, looking down at their latest problem. The generator had broken down. “I can’t fathom why the atmosphere of this place is so hard on machines, yet the plants we’re fighting seem to thrive in it.” 
Carter was right. The generator had been sputtering for half an hour before it finally quit, its intake valve choking on the glittering air it sucked. But, even as they crashed their way through this tender forest, the greenery closed behind them with no sign of the wounds they’d inflicted. 
“I thought you loved plants,” Zinovy said.
“Well I’m getting damn tired of this particular species. Look.” Carter nodded in Elan’s direction. “He’s wasting his sweet time getting to us, stopping to say ‘hello’ to everyone like this was some kind of church picnic or something.”
When he finally reached Carter’s side, Elan received an abrupt welcome. 
“Where have you been? I thought you were going to help us with this trip. We’re having the devil of a time getting through this crap, and now the generator’s broken down so we can’t use the saw.”
Elan was unperturbed. “Why aren’t you going north like I told you to? It would be much easier walking.” 
Zinovy chuckled under his breath. Elan was not reading the signs. Carter was in no mood for suggestions. 
“We’re going this way because the ‘middle of the earth,’ as you call it, is east of us,” Carter said.” You told us there was no ocean. We’re taking the direct route.” He grunted as he stooped over the generator. 
Elan watched Carter pound on the start button. Finally he said, “You don’t need the saw, Charles. You’re making this more difficult than it needs to be. Just walk single file through the thickest parts.”
“What do you mean we don’t need the saw? How do you think we’re going to get all this equipment and the supplies through? It’s not just a matter of strolling along, you know. We have to carry our infrastructure with us. The cart needs clearance.” Carter ducked his head and muttered to himself. Zinovy picked up a phrase here and there, including the words, “idiot” and “no help at all.”
“Why don’t you reassess your need for all the equipment,” Elan suggested gently. “And the supplies even?” 
Carter shook his head and stalked off. “Come on, Zinovy.” he said. “It looks like we’ll have to do this the hard way.” 
Zinovy hesitated, studying the man by his side.
“Wait,” Elan called after Charles. The botanist turned around once more, rolling his eyes. Elan seemed not to notice the body language. “You didn’t ask, but I’ll tell you. You can use whatever you find here.” He gestured to the trees around him. “Just don’t destroy anything.”
Carter shook his head again and stomped off. Zinovy caught up in time to hear him say, under his breath, “That’s a joke. This stuff will destroy us before we’ll be able to make a dent in it.”
Zinovy looked back at Elan, saw him start to speak, then stop. “You’re right,” he heard the man say into the glittering, empty air. “I guess you’ll have to do it the hard way.”
* * *.
Zinovy ignored the pain biting at his empty stomach as he spread out his bedding. They’d had a small supper. No one was in the mood to eat and Archie was trying to conserve the food supply. Most of the crew had gone to bed. The long afternoon pushing through the dense vegetation had worn them out.
Flipping a corner of the blanket over a tuft of mossy mattress, Zinovy glanced over to Archie’s makeshift command center and straightened immediately, his attention arrested by what he saw.
The strangers filtered through the trees into the campsite one by one. Zinovy counted six men—no seven—there was another one—before most of the crew had noticed their coming. The forward one, obviously in command, approached Archie who was sitting under a Banyan tree dictating his nightly report to Raheem. The man came up behind them, cautiously, but not stealthily, and waited for them to finish before he spoke. 
Zinovy was too far away to hear his words, but he saw Archie whirl around and leap to his feet. The two spoke for a moment, then shook hands. In another minute Archie looked across the compound and beckoned with his head. Zinovy went to join them. 
So there were yet more survivors. Zinovy digested this new piece of information on his way to the command center, wondering how many more were out there, his pulse quickening at the possibility that Anton might be one of them. 
The newcomer was slim but well built, about his own age, Zinovy guessed. A firm chin and a straightforward manner, but emaciated, with dark circles under his eyes. Archie made the introductions. “Adam, this is Zinovy Kozlov, my second-in-command. Zinovy, Adam Hamilton.” 
The man reached out to shake Zinovy’s hand. “Good to meet you.”
“Adam’s come from Atlanta. He and his crew were underground there at the time of the blast.” 
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. “Atlanta? You’ve come far.”
“We’ve been traveling for a month—going hard and fast. We’re trying to connect up with another underground group we contacted via satellite.”
“Where is this group?”
“Just north of Miami. We should be about there, but we’ve not found the coastline yet.” 
Archie and Zinovy exchanged glances. “Let’s sit and talk,” Archie said. “We might be able to shed some light on the situation for you.” 
Zinovy glanced around, checking the whereabouts of the six other men before he settled down on the turf with the other two. He kept one eye on their movements as Archie gave the newcomer a brief history of the shuttle crew and an account of the beginning of their expedition toward the mythical city. The other men stayed together at the edge of the clearing, a reasonable distance from where the crew had bedded down.
Hamilton seemed particularly interested in where they’d gotten their information about the city. Archie told him about Elan. 
“What did he look like?” Hamilton asked. 
Zinovy and Archie hesitated, each waiting for the other to answer. Finally, Archie said, “I can’t tell you. That’s odd. I can picture our meeting, but I can’t picture the stranger. I can’t even remember what kind of clothes he was wearing. Can you, Zinovy?” He looked over with a frown. 
Zinovy thought back, but his memory of Elan’s appearance was gone, washed away, he supposed, by other, more alien images that assaulted his senses in this strange new world. 
“I think we’ve seen him around,” Adam said. “A slight man, not very tall. Has a habit of coming and going unexpectedly.”
“That’s him,” Archie said. “Has he approached you?”
Adam shook his head. “We’ve only seen him from a distance. Whenever we move in his direction, he leaves. We’re suspicious.”
Archie moved the discussion back to the topic of survival: “What about you?” he asked. “What were you doing when the quake hit?”
“We’d been in Atlanta for the last four years. When the disruption occurred we were working on a special project for the government.”
“What kind of project?”
“The details aren’t important,” Adam said, “but because of our connections we’d been aware of the need to go underground. We knew a Regime plan was in operation. It shouldn’t have been dangerous to anyone in our area, but we were overly cautious because our data was valuable.”
“Must have been an important project.” 
Adam continued, either oblivious to the subtle probing or ignoring it. “We went down just in time. The blast came the next day. We immediately lost contact with everything aboveground, of course, and it was several days before we reconnected with anyone. Did you make contact with anyone else?”
Archie, seemingly uninterested in the communications issue, probed in another direction. “The plan you mentioned—what do you know about it? Could it have been the cause of the blast?”
“I don’t know a lot about the operation, and I’m not at liberty to say what I do know. I don’t think it caused the destruction we’ve encountered, though. This kind of cataclysmic change would definitely not have been in the plan.”
“Well, maybe the operation went out of control, triggered something else that resulted in the total devastation.”
Adam shook his head. “I don’t think so. This is something different. The elimination of everything that was here before, and the creation of this bizarre landscape to replace it—none of this could have come about through anything the Regime did.” He glanced up and his eyes narrowed. “There’s nothing left at all—nothing as it was. We’ve traveled over six hundred miles and we haven’t run into any sign of a city, or a road—nothing man-made. Just this blasted greenery, and a stream or two here and there.”
 “You’ve found water?” Archie was instantly alert. 
 “Rivulets only. They’re so small we haven’t been able to discover a source, and the water reeks of the radiation. We avoid it as much as possible. I suppose it doesn’t really matter any more though. We’re already contaminated.” He pursed his lips. “We’ve been eating the vegetation. We ran out of food supplies early on.” 
Archie glanced at Zinovy, then back again. “How are you doing? Have you had any symptoms?” 
“Yes, we’ve had some. All of us are slightly unwell, some more than others. We know we’re increasing the problem by ingesting all the extra radiation, but we don’t much care any more. Hunger pangs are about as bad as the other.” 
Zinovy wasn’t so sure. Looking at the drawn, pallid face before him, he judged Adam had been underestimating the extent of their deterioration. 
“We’re going to be in the same position soon,” Archie said. “We’re surprised we’ve gotten this far, aren’t you?” 
“We’re amazed,” Adam admitted. “Absolutely amazed. We have no idea what’s going on. We expected to disintegrate in the radiation.”
Zinovy could relate. He still woke up every morning checking to see if he was alive.
“We must be getting some hydration from the vegetation, though. We were desperate for water before, but now we don’t even drink. We haven’t had water since the end of the first week. I don’t know what’s happening, but I’m sure it’s not good.” 
Zinovy studied the grimace on the man’s face. He looked like a dead man already.
Archie came back to the topic of communications. He filled Adam in on their contacts from the shuttle and Adam told them, in turn, about other underground survivors. “We have—or had—a number of cells located at various places around the world. We were connected via special satellite links with most of them and after we reestablished contact we talked to them regularly, until our equipment failed a couple of weeks ago. They’re in much the same shape. Same conditions aboveground. Same concerns.”
Zinovy cut in. “These cells you’ve contacted—were any of them in Russia?”
“Some were. Why?”
“I’m looking for news of my colleagues who were in St. Petersburg when the event occurred. Did you get any reports from there?”
“We made some contact with St. Petersburg. There were survivors. Some of the government offices had evacuated to the cellars before the Throne Speech began.”
“Do you have any names of survivors?”
“I’m sorry,” Adam said. “I can’t say. That kind of information is classified. There’s still an underground network of regime personnel operating at a number of spots around the world. We’d begun working with them to sort out our next moves when our communication equipment broke down.”
He shifted his position, drawing one leg up under him, wincing as he did so. “We did learn some things I can share with you, though, about what’s going on aboveground. One of the cells is located in Tel Aviv, so we were able to get first-hand information on the government.” 
“I’d like to hear more about that.” Archie paused, scrutinizing the man’s face. “But why don’t we take a break first. Let us fix you something to eat. We don’t have much, but what we have you’re welcome to.”
“Thanks. We’d appreciate that.” 
Zinovy went to the pantry, stirred up a pot of beans, and brought it to the men. They ate eagerly. “This is our first taste of traditional food in nearly a month,” Adam said between bites. When he finished, he sat back, wiped his mouth, and filled them in on what he’d learned about happenings in the Middle East.
The news was not good. 
“No one knows where the government came from. It was a grassroots affair as far as we can tell, set up by locals in the old part of Jerusalem. Incredibly, the city walls survived the blast, but by the time our people made it over to investigate, guards had been stationed at the city gates. There are patrols on the outskirts of the city as well. None of the Tel Aviv people have been able to get near the city to check out the situation close up.” 
He went on, “That might have been okay if the government had remained local. But within a week, stragglers—small groups here and there—began to stumble in, and the surrounding area developed into a massive refugee camp. People are camped all over the place, scattered helter-skelter with no organization and no sign of governmental planning or provision for all the pilgrims. Rumors say that the local king, obviously not quite all there, has declared himself ruler of the world.” Adam smiled as he said it, but the furrowed brow remained. 
 “Will anything that’s happening there affect us?” Archie asked.
 “Probably not immediately. But our sources told us that the local government seems busy in one regard at least. Precious stones and gold are streaming into the city on handcarts and the backs of animals. Where it comes from and why it’s all going to that city we have no idea, but it’s suspicious that the only observable activity of the local government so far has been the amassing of a fortune in precious metals and gems.” 
Adam stopped, put his mouth in the crook of his arm, and coughed deeply. Then he continued, “There’s no sign of an infrastructure being built, or a local economy developing. Everything seems to be done on the black market. As near as our people can tell, forage and barter are the only means of supply to the locals.”
“Is there anything to forage on?” Zinovy asked, curious about the physical environment near the city. 
“There seems to be. We don’t know what it is or where it’s coming from, but no one is starving from what the scouts could see. Maybe they’re eating the vegetation as well, but they don’t seem to be suffering. No sign of sickness, even though radiation levels in that part of the world are outrageously high. This whole radiation thing is a mystery. It doesn’t make any sense.” 
Adam coughed again and reached into his pocket for a handkerchief. He’d been out in the worst of the radiation within hours of the nuclear accident, and the menace was obviously at work on more than his digestive system. 
It was well past midnight when they finished talking. Archie suggested to Adam that his group bed down with them for the rest of the night. “You’re welcome to travel along with us. We’re moving slowly because of the children, but if you can stand our slow pace we’ll be happy to have you.”
Adam thanked him, but declined both offers. Zinovy suspected he was skeptical of their report that the ocean had disappeared, and wanted to continue the search. After the customary good-bye’s were said, the seven weak men headed off to the east, aiming to get as far as they could before the brightening of the morning. 
Before he turned in, Zinovy went to check on Grace and his crew. He found them in various states of misery. The boys slept restlessly, tossing and turning on the ground at the edge of the clearing. Emery mumbled in his sleep and a couple of the others groaned when they turned over.
Zinovy studied them, wondering. The handwriting comparison hadn’t solved the mystery. Any one of them could have scribbled the note on the back of the receipt. But Zinovy’s initial concern had become only a curiosity. It didn’t really matter which of them had been Anton’s man. Whoever it was had no way of contacting him now, even if he were one of the St. Petersburg survivors. 
Grace looked worse than the boys. He studied the dark circles under her eyes, the loose clothing on her shrinking frame, and wondered how long she’d be able to move with them. She’d slept fitfully while Carter worked on the generator in the afternoon, and when she woke, she didn’t have enough energy to walk. She made no protest when Zinovy put her in the cart and tucked a blanket around her feet. Now, she slept again, moaning when she turned, her limbs jerking in spasms that must have been painful. 
Zinovy slipped away to his own bed, stopping by the supply wagon along the way to get an aspirin. His head had started to ache and he needed to sleep well in the few hours that remained before morning.




CHAPTER ELEVEN
Morning came immediately. Zinovy woke to the music of the birds who were obviously unaware that the night had been far too short. He rubbed his eyes, dragged himself out of bed, and joined the others who moved around the campsite, munching on a dreary breakfast of cereal bars.
Archie and Zinovy met briefly to discuss the day’s plans. “I still think it’s important to keep going as long as we can,” Archie said. “We can stop for a day or so later on, but I want to keep up the momentum for now if possible.” 
So they formed their lines and started out. Carter led the way. He’d managed to get the generator working again. The noise of the saw rattled tree branches as Carter moved ahead, clearing a path wide enough for the cart to negotiate. He popped antacid tablets as he went and he stumbled often, but he kept going. 
Archie, Zinovy, and Eric walked behind him, followed by the boys, with Conrad and Mike pulling the cart. Grace had submitted to the indignity of riding without protest. Conrad and Mike tried to avoid bumps, but in the rough terrain it was hard to keep her comfortable. 
Sara, Mark and Michelle herded the children at the end of the line. The little ones pranced around, covering more mileage than everyone else in their enthusiasm. 
But by mid-morning they were stopped again, their way completely blocked by shrubbery so dense even the saw couldn’t get through. Archie fell back beside Zinovy and drew him aside. “I think we’re going to have to head north again. It looks to be more open in that direction, and there’s no way we can get through this stuff. Maybe that’s why Elan told us to go north in the first place.”
“But the radiation—”
“I know. I don’t like it. But we’ll just have to take our chances. I don’t see any other way.”
They opened the GPS and re-directed, wearing their badges and checking the EVARM unit every hour or so. As they’d feared, radiation levels started to climb, but at least their path was more open, and they made much better time.
The new route led through ever-changing scenery. The undulating topography of the region resembled that of the Canaveral area, but the length and breadth of the rises and the shallow depressions were greater. New vegetation types sprouted up along their path. Everything remained in the pre-flowering stage. No sign of either flowers or fruit. This was a problem, Carter explained. “It’s impossible to identify species without flowers. Leaves give some clue, but it’s the flowers that really allow the differentiation.”
“Does it really matter the kind?” Zinovy asked.
Carter rolled his eyes and they moved on.
And so the day passed. Dense undercover abounded in places, but the saw met little resistance in the tender brush and they plowed through it without real difficulty. At noon Grace crawled out of the cart for lunch, and walked for a while when they started again. She seemed stronger, but she still looked terrible, and she only lasted an hour before climbing back into the wagon of her own accord. Zinovy fell in behind the cart so he could keep an eye on her. 
Early in the evening they pulled into a hollow and prepared to settle for the night. Zinovy dropped his pack and helped Grace out of the cart. Then, stretching his stiff muscles, he sauntered over to Archie. 
Alex and Conrad were pouring some of the precious water into a jug, preparing to make potato soup. Archie stood beside them, hands on his hips. 
“Zinovy, I wonder if we should skip supper tonight.”
“Why?”
“Well, I know we need to eat, but the water’s more important in the long run.” 
Zinovy hesitated. “We can’t keep going without food.” He knew Archie was berating himself for not being able to fix this greatest of their problems. A couple of days ago they’d considered digging a well, trying to find a fresh supply, but they had nothing but the two short shovels to dig with and surface water would be highly contaminated.
“Maybe we’ll have to give in and try some of the vegetation, like Adam did.”
Zinovy shook his head. “No. Can’t do that.” The plant tissues they’d tested were teeming with radiation.
“Okay. But tomorrow—that’s it. The last of the water. We’ll have two, maybe three more days before . . . ” Archie didn’t even bother to finish the sentence. 
Zinovy looked around for a place to sit. The dazzling atmosphere pounded on the back of his eyes and his stomach churned. The pain was not excruciating—yet. The pain would stop them all, eventually, but until then they could do nothing but stagger on, moving from one impossible situation to the next.
Archie slumped to the ground onto a patch of jade-colored leaves and Zinovy dropped down beside him. “You know, we’re going to die out here,” Archie said quietly. “There’s no solution to this water shortage problem.” 
Zinovy nodded. “I know.” He assumed the look—the stony look he reserved for things especially unpleasant—the look that gave him the iron-hard strength he needed to endure. But the questions remained. Finally, he spoke the words he’d been thinking for the past four weeks. “I wonder what the point is. If it will all end tomorrow, everything we do is a total waste. We’re just going through the motions. Why do we go on?”
Archie said nothing. Zinovy rested his aching head on his knees. 
“Come on,” Archie said. “Let’s get in line for supper.”
“You go. I’ll come soon.” 
Zinovy wasn’t hungry. He couldn’t imagine ever being hungry again. Then Caleb was beside him, crouching on little legs, beaming into his face and, as usual, talking non-stop. “Hi Novy. I was looking for you. What are you doing? I’m hungry. Can we eat?”
The child had become a nuisance. He hardly left Zinovy’s side. The others teased him. “So, Zinovy, where’s your sidekick?” Eric would ask whenever Caleb was not around. Archie called him “the little appendage.” “I see the little appendage is up early this morning,” he’d say, grinning down at the boy and then up at the chagrin on Zinovy’s face. 
Zinovy looked around. Sara was nowhere to be seen. It seemed he was stuck with the boy. Again. 
For some reason, Sara seemed to have accepted Caleb’s affinity for him. She’d allowed the friendship, only dragging the child away when Zinovy was occupied with business that needed his undivided attention. The situation annoyed him, but he couldn’t do much without hurting the little fellow. So he stood, gripped the small fingers, and pulled the boy ahead of him to the chow line. 
Zinovy ate only a few spoonfuls. The boy finished his own bowl and then, seeing the other neglected beside him, finished that too. Zinovy watched him, distracted for a moment by the exhibition of digestive energy. Then he looked around. 
“Archie, will you keep Caleb? I want to go check on Grace.”
He plunked the boy down beside the commander and left in the direction of the cart, but before he’d gone halfway, Caleb was by his side again. He grabbed Zinovy’s hand, swung around it, and stopped in front of him. Looking up into Zinovy’s face with eager anticipation he said, “Novy, he told me to help you. He said you need help and I know how to help you.” 
“Who told you that?” Zinovy asked. 
The boy pointed a finger in the general direction of the camp. “He told me. He said I should say about the—” 
Zinovy’s gaze followed the finger. “Which one, Caleb?” Three people stood where the boy pointed. 
“The bright one,” Caleb said. Zinovy crouched down to the child’s level and looked into his face. “Do you mean Mr. Berry?” 
“No, no, no.” Caleb said, exasperated. “Not Mr. Archie, or Mr. Charles or Mr. Eric. It’s the bright one.”
Sara came through a nearby thicket and Zinovy stood up. “Sara, keep him with you, please.” He disengaged his hand from the child’s and went to look for Grace. The boy meant well. He obviously sensed their distress and wanted to do something about it. Zinovy almost envied him his invisible friend. He could use one himself about now. 
He found Grace lying on a mound of grass so thick it was more like tall moss. They’d found these tufts all along as they’d traveled through the groves. The mounds were difficult to walk through, but made excellent resting places when it was time to stop. 
“How are you?” he asked, seeing the answer in her face and not liking it.
She tried to smile. “I’m okay. I’ll be better after I sleep.”
The image of the sleeping bodies they’d wrapped in sheets on the shuttle passed through his memory and he cringed. He’d changed since they’d landed. Somewhere along the way there’d been a malfunction of the rational defenses. He remembered his last encounter with Sara. The word ‘please’ had come easily to his lips. He’d never been that way before. In the military, they’d used only necessary words. The niceties were a waste of breath. He resolved to watch his vocabulary more closely. In this world no breath could be wasted.
That night the group sat around after dinner talking. Archie passed on the information they’d received from Adam and they assessed the situation. “You fellows are doing well, I see,” he said to Zinovy’s crew. 
The five boys nodded. They’d recovered remarkably well. Zinovy wondered, idly, why some of them had remained untouched by the misery. Mike, Alex and Raheem were okay. Eric was fine. So were the Muellers and Sara. Carter was grumpy, but functioning. Grace was still the big worry. 
“We’ll continue on tomorrow then,” Archie said. “Radiation levels have stabilized somewhat so that’s good.” 
Zinovy knew Archie wasn’t being totally honest. True, the readings had stabilized, but they’d done so at an extremely high level. Archie was right not to point that out. The less the others had to worry about the more energy they’d have for the trip. 
* * *
The next morning they couldn’t find Grace. 
Zinovy searched the perimeter of the compound, moving in increasingly widening circles around her bedroll until he could no longer see the campsite. She was nowhere.
Sara and Caleb were gone as well, but their disappearances had become routine. They’d be gone most of the morning, show up for a while just after lunch, then they’d leave again. He’d quit worrying about them. But Grace was another matter. She’d been too weak to go far. The thought that she might have gone off to die, like a wounded animal, flitted through his mind but he brushed it away. 
He went to find Archie and they discussed what to do. “You go on with the others,” Zinovy said. “I’ll stay and look. I don’t want to leave her.” 
“I don’t know. Separation is risky. How will you find us later?”
“I could borrow a compass from one of the twins.” Ruben and Simon had identical key rings with small compasses attached—a gift from their parents on their last birthday. 
“I guess you could do that.” Archie pondered. “We need to make time. The radiation is worse this morning so I think we’ll head east again. We’ll have to go north eventually, when we get closer to the city, but we need to find a less lethal path until we get past whatever environment we’re dealing with.” 
So after a hasty breakfast Zinovy collected the compass, re-checked his directions with Archie, and headed out on his search. The rest of the crew broke camp and moved on. 
Zinovy’s alarm grew as time passed with still no sign of Grace. She couldn’t have gone far. She hadn’t the strength. There were no crevices she could have fallen into and no crannies she could hide in. He was about to give up when he saw her. He took one look and groaned. 
She lay on the grass about twenty feet away, curled up in the fetal position with her back to him. One arm was slung over her head as if she’d been defending herself. He hurried to her and bent down, afraid to touch her, afraid to feel the lightness of her body—to feel her flesh crumble away under his fingers like the dust of the aromatic talc she had loved so much to smell. He looked, instead, into her face, and recoiled from the shock. 
The change astounded him. The haggard look was gone. The dark circles were gone. Her skin was flushed and moist. As he stared, dumfounded, she woke.
She smiled, sat up and looked around. “Where is everybody?” she asked. “Is it time to go? I feel so good. I had such a good night’s sleep.”
Zinovy continued to stare at her, mouth hanging open. Finally he found his voice. “We’ve been looking for you. The others went on, but I stayed because you weren’t at camp. You’ve been missing.”
“Missing? Nonsense. I’ve been here all along.” She frowned. “Wait. Maybe not. I seem to remember.” She rubbed her temples. “Sara. Sara came to me. I was feeling awful. It was so bad I’m not sure I remember right. Maybe I was dreaming.” She stopped and looked up at Zinovy. Then she went on. “I think Sara poured some water in my face. But that’s nonsense too. Why would she have done that? It must have been a dream.”
Zinovy hid his amazement. There had to be a rational explanation for her absence and for the change in her appearance, but they would have to talk about it later. “Do you feel well enough to travel? We need to catch up with the crew.” 
“Oh yes. I feel great.” 
So Zinovy checked his bearings and they set off to intersect the route Archie would be taking.
Grace talked as they went, frowning, remembering. “I think I walked some distance. I don’t know when, but I have this vague recollection. That was before the water. Sara was there, urging me on, supporting me when I stumbled through the brush.” She stopped abruptly and looked up at him. “Do you know what else? I think I ate a plant.”
“You what?” Zinovy jerked to a standstill and gawked at her.
“I did it almost without thinking. I guess I wasn’t quite awake. But I remember it tasted good, a little nutty, like crisp asparagus. No offense to the cooks, but it was the best food I’ve had since we landed,” she said, with a grin. 
“You must have dreamed it. You were hungry and in your dream you wanted to eat. That’s natural enough.” He studied Grace again, noting the glow on her cheeks. Then he shrugged. He was beyond being surprised by anything. Grace was exuberant, and so he deliberately put his fears aside. For now, his friend was better. Though the symptoms would return, he was glad for the respite. They walked briskly in the morning brightness, Grace enjoying the new strength in her legs, and Zinovy eager to catch up with the crew. 
That brightness seemed to increase with each step. The tints deepened as well. Before they’d gone far, the intensity of the air became almost palpable. Late that afternoon, in light more intense than they’d seen yet, they heard the noises of their comrades up ahead. 
Too soon, by Zinovy’s calculations. The others should have been much farther by now. Something had stopped them early. Maybe the crew had decided to wait for them. But, no. The noise was restless and active. He heard shouts and barked orders. “Come on,” he said to Grace. “Let’s hurry.”
They broke through into a hastily prepared camp to find Archie gathering the others for a serious conference. 
* * *
Archie looked up. “Oh Zinovy, I’m glad you’re here.” 
“What’s happening?” 
“Hi Grace,” Archie added, almost as an afterthought. Then he explained. “We were going east, as per the plan, when we came up against this large land mass. Come and take a look.”
He led Zinovy out of the camp, through a clump of tall trees and into a clearing that stretched north and south as far as they could see. Zinovy whistled through his teeth. Across the clearing a cliff rose, almost vertical and at least a hundred meters high. The clearing was narrow, and the land mass hovered over them, like a giant storm cloud, with no indication of a break anywhere along its broad length. The top of the cliff appeared to be a high plateau. Greenery spilled over the edge along its full length. Shrubbery, Zinovy noted, not trees, with vines trailing down the sides here and there like icing on a badly decorated cake, but nothing tentacling down far enough that they could reach it. The two stood for some time, gazing at the sight. 
“When we got here, I sent Simon and Ruben south, to scout out a possible route around it. Alex and Mike went to the north. They all came back with bad news,” Archie said with a frown. 
The twins had gone four miles and found no visible end to the embankment. The route along the base of the land mass had turned west in the end and brought them back almost to the path the crew had been following all day, continuing on from that point as far south as they could see. 
Alex and Mike had even worse news. 
“Have you noticed a change in the air?” Archie asked. 
“Yes, we did. It’s much brighter.”
Archie nodded. “And more active. While the boys were exploring, Carter checked the instruments. We’ve got radiation levels over the top again.”
“How much over?”
“We don’t know. It’s not measurable.” Archie grimaced. “When the scouts from the north got back we discovered why.” 
Alex and Mike hadn’t gone far along the base of the escarpment before they’d run into a river. Archie shook his head. “They say mists above the stream are brilliant, steaming with radioactive particles. Radiation from the river must have been pouring up against this bluff and then streaming down toward us all day.” Even as they watched, the swirls of radiation reached out and touched them, enveloping them in rainbow-colored arms. 
“What do we do now?” Zinovy asked.
Archie shook his head. “I don’t know. We’ll have to talk about it.”
The two went back to camp and Archie held his meeting. The mood was as intense as the mists surrounding them. Even Eric was subdued. Zinovy listened, for what seemed like the hundredth time, to another string of impossible options. 
They couldn’t go east over the land barrier. Raheem suggested they might try scaling the walls, but all four of the scouts said they’d looked for footholds and found none. 
Going north would lead them further into the deadly atmosphere. Unless they wanted a painfully quick end to their misery, that option was unacceptable. 
Heading west made no sense. It would not lead them to lower radiation levels, or anywhere else for that matter. 
They could turn south. That would take them back where they came from. Going back was probably the most reasonable option, but it was hard to consider now that they’d come this far. Nothing awaited them back at Canaveral either. 
It was getting late. The mist, and the foreboding it held, pressed in around them, suffocating any last vestiges of hope they’d managed to hang onto. No one expressed an interest in supper so the dejected pilgrims settled down for the night, collapsing on whatever tufts of moss or grass they could find, each in turn gradually drifting off into a fitful sleep. Only Archie, Zinovy and Grace remained awake. 
“What do you think?” Archie asked quietly as they sat together in the deep, colorful glow of the midnight hour. “Should we go back?”
Zinovy considered. “I don’t think anyone has the heart for that,” he said, finally. 
“We could try somewhere else. Perhaps south along the embankment. It would have to open up to the east eventually,” Archie said. 
“We don’t know that it would. We don’t know the topography of this land.” 
They thought for a moment. Then Archie groaned, threw his hands in the air, and said, “You know, we might as well just toss the dice to make our decision.” He slumped. “What kind of a leader am I anyway? I have no wisdom for this situation.” 
Zinovy studied the commander’s contorted face. The man needed encouragement, but Zinovy had none to give.
Grace spoke up. “I’m not sure there is wisdom for this situation,” she said. “It’s an extraordinary circumstance. You can’t be expected to know what to do.” The Commander’s distressed look remained. Grace went on. “You’ve done a good job, Archie. You’ve gotten us this far.” She paused, thinking, then added, “Maybe, from here on out, it’s not so important where we go. What’s important is that we go. We have to keep going until we can’t any more. That’s all we can do.” 
Archie studied her face and she continued. “You need to see your role in a new light now I think. The decisions you make will be less important than the way you lead us through them.” 
She was right, Zinovy thought. The only thing about their fate any of them could control, at this point, was the way they would go to their end. It had been that way from the beginning. 
Archie sighed. “Thanks,” he said. “You’ve helped.” Then he dismissed the other two. “Get some sleep. You’ll need it. I’ve made up my mind about what to do tomorrow.”
* * *.
Zinovy woke with a start. He bolted upright and found Berry leaning over him. 
“Shh. It’s all right. I just wanted to let you know that I’m taking Alex and Mike and heading out for the river. I want to check it out, see if there might be a way we can get across to the other side somehow.”
Zinovy looked to the east. Irradiated air continued to swirl through the trees toward them, great wafting clouds of it in the deep tones of early morning dawn. 
“Do you want me to go instead?” he asked.
“No. I want to see firsthand what we’ll be up against.”
Zinovy nodded. He wiped the sleep from his eyes and squinted into the growing brightness. Archie went on. “You stay here. If for some reason we don’t make it back by mid-day, you’d better not come that way. Take the others and head back, or go south along the cliff or something.” Again Zinovy nodded, and Archie was off with his scouts.
Zinovy lay down, mustering the ambition to make his next move. The air caressed his bare arms softly, pretending to be gentle, but he was a rational man—he knew better. His stomach growled violently, threatening to turn him inside out, but years of mental and physical discipline came to his rescue. He shook the hair out of his eyes, rubbed his beard vigorously, and pushed his sluggish body into the semblance of an upright position. Then it was easier. Habit took over. He performed whatever personal hygiene he could manage without water, rolled up his blanket, and went to wake the others. 
The boys were the nearest. He examined the eight young bodies sprawled haphazardly on the grass at his feet. They were breathing deeply and slowly, their faces aglow in the morning air. Zinovy frowned. He hated to disturb the forgetfulness of their slumber, but the inevitable processes of life, of death, would continue to demand their due, no matter what. They needed to prepare for the day. He leaned down and shook Conrad’s shoulder. 
Soon they were all up and around. Zinovy took inventory. Everyone seemed to be mobile. Carter rummaged in the supply cart for something to eat. Simon and Ruben fiddled with the new vine ropes they’d attached to the cart’s harness the day before. The ropes had a short shelf life. 
Emery, Conrad and Graham munched aggressively on their cereal bars. Nothing, it seemed, disturbed their voracious young appetites for long. 
Raheem headed for Grace’s sleeping area with a canteen of the precious water in his hand—the last of it as far as Zinovy knew. He approved. It was going to a good cause. 
Eric appeared at the edge of the camp, on his way back from an answer to nature’s call, and Mark and Michelle murmured to the children, readying their troop for the day. 
“Where are Sara and Caleb?” Zinovy asked as Mark passed by on his way to the food cache. 
Mark shrugged. “I haven’t seen them this morning.”
So the two wanderers were gone again. Everything was functioning normally, it seemed. 
When they were all assembled, Zinovy reported on Archie’s whereabouts and told them of their commander’s plans for the day. They loaded the cart, then sat down to await their marching orders. Grace caught Zinovy’s eye across the gathering and grinned at him. She looked eager to go. The rest were lost in their own thoughts, except for the children, who romped around the periphery of the temporary compound, impatient to get started on the day’s great adventure. 
They didn’t have long to wait. In no time, Archie was back. 
He barked orders as he came through the trees. “All right everybody, we need to get a move on. 
“Zinovy, I hope you’re packed. Good. I’ll explain as we walk.
“Mark, you and the women can follow behind the rest of us with the children. We have some preparations to make up ahead before we can go very far.”
“Charles, where’s the saw? Did you get it ready like I told you? How’s the power supply? We’ve got a big cutting job to do and we can’t afford to run out of power halfway through. 
“Alex, come over here. I want you to stay behind with the Muellers and Grace. Where are Sara and Caleb? Has anyone seen them? Well, we can’t wait. We need to get going. We’re heading out directly north from here.” 
Archie whirled and headed toward the edge of the clearing. “Eric, you’d better take up the rear. Keep everybody hopping. I don’t want to lose anybody and I don’t want to dawdle either. Zinovy, come with me.”
The group scrambled to their feet, collected their backpacks and formed a ragged line behind Archie as he took off into the brush. Simon and Ruben tugged at the cart. The vegetation had thinned out somewhat, but they still had to move carefully, looking for breaks in the shrubbery wide enough to accommodate their load. 
“You blokes need to pick up the pace,” Eric said to the twins as he came up behind them. 
“We’re pulling as hard as we can,” Simon said with a grunt as he eased the cart over a large hump of mossy undergrowth. “If it not fast enough to suit you, I’ll gladly let you take over.”
 Eric finally gave up and went around, leaving them to make their way more slowly with Mark and the others, but when he caught up to Archie he was sent back to retrieve the saw. 
“We need that saw at the head of the line,” Archie said. “Get it and bring it here on your back if you have to.”
The main body of the crew was approaching a copse of trees too thick to pass through. As he and Zinovy made their way around it, Archie laid out his plan. “The escarpment looks like it levels out farther up ahead. We should be able to head northeast once we get there.”
“Meanwhile, we’ve found a spot along the river up here that’s narrower—about fifty feet across. There are a couple of tall trees on the bank, right next to each other. I think we can cut them so they fall across the water and their tops should extend far enough out to land on the other side. Then we’ll be able to walk across, and from there we can go on up the escarpment until we can head east again.” He puffed from the exertion of the pace he was setting, but showed no signs of slowing down. 
“When you see the river you’ll understand why I’m in such a hurry,” he said. “We’ve got to get across and as far away from the atmosphere as possible. I figure this river has been coursing down through the contaminated landscape ever since the nuclear event. It’s got to be carrying massive concentrations of the fallout. At least on the other side we’ll be heading upwind of the air currents. That should help.”
They trudged half a mile before Zinovy caught a glimpse of the river. Or the air above the river. He wasn’t sure which. Whatever it was glistened with an intensity he’d never seen before. Yet there was no glare. He wasn’t even tempted to squint. The air continued to sparkle around them as well, moving more erratically the closer they came to its source, as if gleefully anticipating the doom of these human interlopers who ventured so boldly into its domain. 
And then they were there. 




CHAPTER TWELVE
In spite of himself—in spite of Archie’s urging to move forward with the task—Zinovy stood and stared, mesmerized by what he saw. It was the water that captivated his attention.
Azure waves, tinged here and there with richer hues of sapphire and turquoise, tumbled down the gentle incline between the banks of the river at this narrower verge. The water laughed and gurgled as it bounded over cascades of boulders tossed carelessly down the riverbed like marbles from a giant hand. It greeted every obstacle in its path with glee, shouting its bright happiness as glistening spray into the air, scoffing at the challenge of the rocks in its path, running incorrigibly on into quieter pools below. Zinovy saw birds soaring above the surface, dipping in and out of the water, playing with the waves and dancing in the glittering air. 
Archie barked at him from up the river. He shook his head and dragged his feet over the ground before him, joining the others who already had the saw out and were getting ready to fell the first tree.
“We need a notch right there, Charles,” Archie said. “And another over here. The trees have to fall as close together as possible, their branches overlapping a tad.” Archie looked back over his shoulder toward the trail. “Hurry up. I want this bridge ready when the others get here. We need to get out of this concentrated radiation as soon as possible.”
The cutting was easy. The saw sliced through the wood like a scalpel. Sawdust, fine and light, drifted on the air. Zinovy sneezed and wiped his nose on his sleeve.
“There, Conrad, Emery, give that one a push. It should go over just so.” 
The boys nudged the first tree and Zinovy watched it fall, slowly at first, as if reluctant to abandon its post, then faster, as resignation set in, until it’s crown landed, with a booming crash, on the opposite bank. Then Carter began on the second.
Archie walked around the others and positioned himself on the bank where he could see the path the second tree needed to take. He squinted across the span, then down at the notch Carter had sliced in the soft wood. “All right. Make the cut. Quickly. We’re spending too much time at this.”
Carter slashed through the wood. The tree began to topple. “Push it that way, guys,” Archie ordered, as the angle of the fall began to veer away from the target. Two of the boys pushed and the tree came down, bouncing twice on the springy turf of the far bank and settling into position alongside the first. Zinovy straightened, relief washing over him as he saw the bridge, straight and solid, spanning the deadly liquid that burbled below.
“All right. We need to get across. Are the others coming?” Zinovy followed Archie’s glance back down the empty trail. A gasp from Carter brought them back. He was staring at a puddle of molten metal on the ground at their feet. What was left of the saw evaporated before their eyes, filtering up into the sparkling, sawdust-saturated air around them.
“We’ve got to go—now.” Archie bolted away from the spot. 
Zinovy looked behind them. Where were the others? They should be there by now.
Then he saw them, and the blood froze in his veins. 
* * *
They were below the bridge, down past the shimmering cascades, where the river broadened into a gently flowing stream. Zinovy counted three heads in the water—two glistening black and one small blond. 
Alex, the Muellers, and their two children stood on the bank, watching the swimmers as they splashed and paddled, seemingly unaware of the glittering death swirling around them. Alex, his hands on his hips, was saying something to one of the swimming heads. Then Zinovy gasped as the truth dawned on him. 
Sara stood, waist deep in the water, squinted at Alex, and answered. Then she waded across to the other two, gathered Caleb up in her arms, and the three of them, Sara, Grace and Caleb, moved to the bank. Mark reached down for Caleb and Alex took Sara’s hand and pulled her up the bank, leaving Grace to clamber out on her own. Caleb ran to the two other children, shaking himself like a dog, laughing at their squeals as the bright water showered glistening rainbows over their bodies, wetting them from head to toe. 
Zinovy’s flesh crawled. He stared, dumbfounded for a moment, then he cursed. How could she be so senseless? A rush of anguish, disguised as anger, swept through him. His throat twisted into a painful knot that moved down his body and lodged somewhere behind his breastbone, almost stopping his heart. 
“Alex, get over here, now,” Archie called across the water.
Alex put his hand up in a gesture that said, “Wait,” and turned back to say something to Sara.
Archie grabbed Zinovy’s arm. “Come on. We can’t wait. We’ve got to think about the others.”
Zinovy pulled away from Archie’s grasp. The girl looked up and saw them, surveyed the bridge they’d made and glanced up where the two trees used to stand. Then she started to run. The others came behind her more slowly, but she sped up, racing as if against time, trying to call out. 
The sound of the river swallowed her words. 
Then she stopped, and Zinovy stood transfixed, watching as she ran back to the shallows, grabbed something off the bank, and once more dipped down into the azure poison. She emerged with a canteen full of water, brimming over as she stumbled across the grass, intent on screwing the cap on before any of the noxious liquid splashed out. Rage overwhelmed Zinovy. He started forward, determined to reach her, to send that canteen flying back toward its fetid source, but he couldn’t move. Archie held him back. 
“We’ve lost them, Zinovy. There’s nothing we can do for them. We must survive.”
Why? The question resounded through Zinovy’s brain. Why do we have to survive? The struggle engulfed him. He closed his eyes, weary with life and with fighting so hard to maintain it. Someone shook him, and he opened his eyes.
“Are you with us or not?” Archie shouted into his ear.
Deliberately he turned to follow the others, dragging his limbs, heavy with despair, wrestling against the continuing tug of war between his head and his heart. Finally he broke into a run, moving on with the crew, distancing himself from the danger. Distancing himself from the distraction, the vulnerability, the emotions that were even more frightening than the river, and at least as dangerous. 
One last irresistible urge to look back. He saw her, standing still now, clutching the canteen and staring back at him. The stricken look on her face would haunt him for the rest of his life.
* * *
They were well beyond the river now: Archie, Eric, Carter, five of the boys, and himself. The rest of their party were far behind. Simon and Ruben would be stuck on the far side of the bridge with the cart, and the Muellers, with Sara, Caleb and Alex, would soon be too sick to cross. 
The denser vegetation had thinned. A broad, smooth meadow of lime green grass and moss stretched out before them. The survivors ran at first. They covered a couple of miles before the radiation began to dissipate. Then they slowed to a fast walk. Zinovy lost track of time. After a while—it must have been hours later—Archie stopped them for the night. 
Zinovy had looked back once more on the way, but saw no sign of the stragglers. He resolutely disciplined his mind, pushing away thoughts of the agony they would be going through, as the intensity of the radiation at the river completed its work on their bodies.
He stumbled as he pulled off his backpack, and his exhausted mind and body collapsed almost simultaneously. He lay where he fell, in a velvety patch of green almost fifteen miles from the scene of his anguish and that much closer to his final destination. His last thoughts were of the girl.
Or were they his first? He woke with a start. His arms had fallen asleep. He tried to lift them, but they were heavy as iron. Then the pain began, surging through his veins like molten lava. 
He rolled over onto his side and squinted across the field at the others, each one writhing on his own verdant bed. Zinovy fought for control, and through it all, like a distant bell, he heard her voice. 
The pain took over then, replacing everything until, in a flash of understanding, he realized what was happening. The insight came as an image, not a thought—a vision of decayed flesh, hollow eyes—a vision of the face of Chernobyl. Then she was there, leaning over him, tipping the canteen. 
“No!” he bellowed, flinging his arm across his face in one last surge of energy, one last desperate outrage against the end. 
She recoiled and he heard someone say, “He’s still here. Wait a minute and then you can do it.” 
She was his mother, waiting to claim him, to drag him down to the hell of her demented ravings before the soldiers had taken her away. 
Then the blackness. 
Then nothing.
* * *
Sara stood on the bank staring after them, holding the canteen out as if they might come back for it. Alex came up behind her and she half turned to him, then looked back across the river where the men were growing smaller, their taut bodies moving quickly, disappearing, one by one, into the trees. 
She was dumbfounded. “What are they doing? Why are they running away?”
“I told you,” Alex said. “You should have explained about the water long ago. They think it’s polluted. Why didn’t you tell us?” 
Sara looked up into his irritated face and thought for a minute. Should she tell him? What could she say? Whatever she said would be the wrong thing, and it didn’t matter now anyway. Finally she looked down, turned on her heel and stalked back toward the others who were making their way along the bank toward her at a leisurely pace.
“They’ve gone,” she said. “Took off like scared rabbits.” 
“Yeah,” Mark replied. “We saw.” He was busy trying to corral the three little ones who were scrambling around his feet, Caleb chasing the other two with a stick. 
Sara took Caleb’s hand and pulled him away. “Well, what do we do now? They’re going to be in trouble if they keep heading away from the river. I can’t believe they made such a mess of those trees. Don’t they know how dangerous it is?”
Alex had come up behind her. “How could they? None of us knew a thing about how this planet works until today. No one but you, that is.” He turned to Mark. “I can’t believe how this little brat has held out on us. She could have saved us a lot of trouble by explaining some things.”
Mark looked down at her with something like reproach in his eyes. Could that be? She couldn’t ever remember his scolding her before, even when she deserved it. 
“He’s right, honey.” The words were gentle, yet serious. “If you knew about the river, and the danger of destroying the vegetation, you should have told them long ago. They’ve been worried about the water supply almost from the beginning. Why did you keep it to yourself?”
She didn’t answer. It wouldn’t make any sense to these men. They wouldn’t understand how much she had needed the refuge of the river—how important it was for her to have a safe place—a place away from everyone where she could let down her guard for a while. 
She ducked her head, hiding from Mark’s probing gaze. Finally she said, “I would have told them. I was going to, as soon as their water was gone. I was going to tell them today, but they took off before I could get back to camp.”
Alex planted his feet and crossed his arms over his chest. “Nothing like waiting until the last minute.” 
He was winding up for another round of accusations when Caleb, whose ears were the keenest, said, “What’s that noise?”
The men turned in the direction of Caleb’s pointing finger and Michelle drew the children closer. Muffled voices, irritable, impatient, filtered through the shrubbery along the bank, coming closer, rising to a high pitch. Then the bushes began to quiver and Simon and Ruben came stumbling through. The cart pushed them both forward when it reached the slope beside the river. They leaned hard to slow it down, then they glanced up at the small crowd of people before them and saw the river beyond. 
If the situation hadn’t been so serious it would have been funny—the looks on the twins’ faces when they saw the river—the instant change from irritation to amazement. The river had been part of her existence for so long she’d forgotten what an overwhelming sensation it made at first. But instead of laughing she sighed. From now on the river would belong to everyone. She also sighed, a little, for shame. She knew she’d been wrong to keep it to herself for so long. 
“What the . . . ” Simon began. “Where did this river come from?” 
The others explained, Alex finishing off with a scathing indictment of Sara’s strange silence about the river. The twins stared at her, questions in their eyes, until Mark intervened, taking charge of the situation. “We can’t stay here. We’ve got to get going.” 
He turned to the twins: “The rest of the crew headed off on the other side of the river. If Sara’s assessment is right they won’t make it far before they begin getting sick. We need to get some of the river water to them right away.” 
He disentangled Jenna’s arms from his legs and passed her off to Michelle. “Sara, you and Alex collect a couple of canteens and go after them. I’ll stay here with Michelle and the kids. Grace, maybe you should stay too. There’s no need for us all to go. They’ll have to come back here before we go any farther anyway.” Then, to the twins again, “You two can either go with or stay here.”
The twins elected to stay. They were tired after pulling the cart through the heavy underbrush and they were consumed with curiosity about the river. The children had gone back in the water. “Come play,” Caleb called. So Simon scrambled down the bank and Ruben followed. 
After some hesitation—still cautious because of the waves of radiation washing over their heads—the boys drank long drafts of the sweet, cool water. Then they splashed around with the children, laughing and shoving each other under. 
Sara watched as she filled her canteen, pushing away twinges of guilt, increasingly alarmed as she realized what her selfish secrecy might end up costing the others. Alex brought two more water containers from the cart and filled them both at the same time, one in each hand. Then the two of them waded across the river and headed in the direction the others had gone.
The path was clear. The escarpment stretched to the north as far as she could see, though its outline began to soften in the distance and it looked as if it would eventually descend to run level with the land they were traveling through. 
As they started out, Sara looked up at the precipice above them. The ridge had been broken by the river in this place and a broad valley funneled the sparkling water down onto the plain below. The width of the break indicated that the river had been broader at one time. Now it cascaded gently from the top of the bluff down over a series of small waterfalls until it reached the level ground near where the crew had created their bridge. 
The men had headed off along the bluff to the north, away from the bright cataract. Alex and Sara followed the outline of the bluff as well. They ran at first, needing to make up for lost time. 
Sara was glad for the exercise. Glad for the excuse not to talk. Alex had said enough. She had an uneasy feeling there would be more said once they got where they were going. Archie wouldn’t be a problem. He’d always been courteous to her, and concerned for her welfare. She couldn’t imagine him ever getting angry. But the Russian was another thing. He frightened her. He had from the first. She avoided him as much as she could, though Caleb made that difficult. 
She couldn’t understand the boy’s attraction to the strange man. Maybe it was the resemblance. Caleb’s father had been tall and dark as well, with the same swarthy complexion and the same piercing eyes. But, no, it was something beyond that. The two had a connection of some kind. She’d thought the affinity was all on the boy’s side, but now she remembered the look in those intense, anguished eyes as they had stared across the river at her earlier that day. He’d looked at Caleb as if his heart were being ripped out. He’d started to come back for them, until Archie pulled him away. 
Even so, she didn’t want to face him alone. She’d go with Alex long enough to rescue them all, then she’d go back to the others. She wanted to be with Mark when she had to deal with the consequences of her deceit. Mark had always made things easier for her. He was the only man she could trust. 
Oh, why did life have to be so complicated? Why did she have to fight so hard just to survive? She tripped over a hummock and caught herself, plunging on to catch up with Alex. She couldn’t afford regrets at the moment. She had to make plans. When this was over she needed to escape again. Now that the Muellers were around, Caleb would be all right. She could just leave him with them and head off. She’d be okay by herself. Constant vigilance had become second nature to her. She would make it, she was sure, but it would take all the resources she had. She dared not relax her guard for a minute.
* * *
Sara and Alex traveled five hours without stopping, moving fast, fortified by the life-giving water they’d had that morning at the river. But somewhere along the way, another figure had joined them. Sara startled and nearly stumbled when she first noticed him at her elbow. Seeing it was only Elan, however, she recouped and continued, easily matching her steps with his. 
He was a strange person. She’d only talked to him once. Caleb, not surprisingly, had been the cause of their meeting. She had no idea when Caleb had first met him. The two seemed to know each other well, but Caleb could be that way with almost anybody. He was an innocent babe in many ways, but he also had an instinct—an innate awareness that gave him a sense of who could be trusted and who couldn’t. 
Sara trusted Caleb’s instincts most of the time, and she shared his positive assessment of Elan. She glanced at Alex. He didn’t seem aware of the newcomer. She turned back to Elan, checking to make sure he was not a mirage. Sometimes he seemed almost so.
The three moved through the twilight of early evening and on into the dusky brightness of the night until, finally, they came upon the hastily bivouacked crew. Then they went to work. 
In spite of herself, she was drawn first to the Russian. He lay a little apart from the others. She recognized his huge form as soon as she entered the clearing. He’d obviously fallen in the act of running. His body lay crumpled as if his legs had simply given way under him. She ran to his side, uncapping the canteen as she went. As she bent over to pour the water in his face, his eyes opened and he looked up at her. 
She would never forget what she saw there. 
The look devastated her, broke through her reserve. It was as if, for a split second, he were as vulnerable as she. The distance, the haughtiness, the stern composure she’d always seen in his face was gone. In its place she read heartbreak, vulnerability, fear. 
He lashed out at her, and she drew back, realigning her defenses. Then he collapsed again, unconscious, or worse. They had been too long getting there. The fatal disease was in its last stages. 
She leaned down, cautiously at first, then more boldly, and poured half the canteen of water into his face.
* * *
Zinovy was in heaven. Impossible to believe, but he had to be. He’d never felt so at peace. 
He lay quietly, afraid to break the spell. But soon the noises of the camp around him began to intrude—a voice, soft in the distance, a rustling of grass near his feet, and the ever-present bird song in the trees above his head. He opened his eyes, slowly and deliberately, to the same world he’d left. Not heaven, but wondrously pain-free and beautiful nonetheless.
Shadowy memories of the night before flitted in and out of his mind—nightmarish memories full of terrifying wraiths and excruciating pain. Slowly the shadows disappeared and reason returned. He sat up and ran his hands through his hair. Then he looked around for Archie.
The commander stood with several others near a copse of trees whose branches flared out in graceful sweeps around them, dipping low as if to caress their shoulders. Carter was there, and Eric. So was Sara. When he saw her, the strange memories returned for a moment. Then his mind cleared and he got up and walked over to join them.
Sara glanced his way as he came. Her eyes widened and she turned as if to leave, but Eric took her arm and spoke into her ear, and she moved back, eyed Zinovy once more, then stepped closer to Eric, eyes downcast. Why was she always so damnably elusive? Whenever he came near, she acted like he was going to attack her or something. 
Carter was talking when he came up. “It’s radiation we’re breathing, that’s for sure. I’m just not sure it’s nuclear.”
“But it must be ionising radiation of some sort,” Archie said. “And at these levels it has to be dangerous.”
“It is radiation, but it’s not dangerous.” 
Zinovy started. He hadn’t noticed Elan’s presence until he spoke. 
“This is a type of radiation you’re not familiar with,” Elan said.
“What kind is it?” Zinovy asked.
Elan smiled. “It’s Life, Zinovy. It’s Life.” 
Zinovy bristled. “That's a ridiculous answer. It can't be just ‘life.’ I've never heard anything so stupid. Haven't you heard of a thing called 'science'? It explains the world in rational terms. ‘Life’ is not an explanation for the radiation in that river.”
Elan’s smile softened. He studied Zinovy for a moment, then he spoke. “There is a scientific explanation, but if I gave it you wouldn’t understand. You don’t have the vocabulary.” 
Zinovy stiffened. “I am a scientist. I understand the vocabulary.”
Elan continued, even more gently, “The vocabulary you know is useful only in a four-dimensional world. It’s not adequate to explain what’s happening in this new environment. In time you’ll learn the new science. Until then, you will do well to accept my more literal explanations.”
Literal? Zinovy controlled the urge to shout at him. His explanation was the opposite of literal. And no matter what he said about life, malevolence had to surround them. The sickness they’d suffered proved that. 
Elan spoke again. “You don’t need to be afraid of the water.” The words bubbled out of his mouth and suddenly the air was full of—what? 
Joy. That was the only way to describe it. Zinovy’s mind struggled to remain aware as the sights and sounds and smells of happiness swirled around him. He must not give in to the elation flowing from Elan’s mouth. He gritted his teeth and dragged the conversation back to solid ground. “Why did we get so sick then? What made us sick if it was not the mist or air?”
“That I can explain.” Elan said. 
Out of the corner of his eye, Zinovy saw Sara looking at him. Her eyes narrowed. He could almost hear her thinking, “You should have figured this out by now, mister know-it-all.” She spoke before Elan could go on. “It’s the tree cutting, didn’t you know? The plants make you sick if you abuse them.”
“What are you talking about?” 
“You should never have cut down those trees.”
Carter sneered. “That’s ridiculous. Are you trying to tell us those trees were poisonous?” 
Zinovy’s mind ground away on the data. Could it be true? Possibly. The trees might contain a concentration of the radiation that would be released into the air with their cutting. Like spores scattered from a ripe flower. But, no, Elan said the radiation was not a problem. 
Zinovy was stymied. But one thing was sure. The girl had been holding out on them—withholding useful information. He turned on her. “How do you know it’s the cutting? And if you knew, why didn’t you tell us?” 
She glared back. “Because you’d already chopped the trees down before we got to you.” 
He could match her tone. “I mean before that. Before, when the boys got sick, and then Grace.” 
“I wasn’t there then. I didn’t know about all that.”
Zinovy didn’t respond. He was thinking—going back over the history of the illness among them. That first night after they’d left the ship—when they were all so sick—what had they been doing? Nothing. Then the vision of Carter, plodding back to the ship with plant roots trailing out of his specimen bag, flashed before him. He’d brought the vegetation into the ship where they were sleeping. 
And the Canaveral crew—he remembered their moans the morning after their first night in the outside air. They’d been chopping trees that day to build the shelter. 
Elan entered the discussion again. “Remember when you began your journey I said you were free to use anything you found as long as you didn’t destroy it?”
Zinovy nodded. He did remember—when Carter was being so impatient with the vegetation. Elan had tried to talk them out of taking the saw then too, but no one was inclined to listen. 
“But that does not explain the sickness in Grace. She was not involved in the destruction.”
“No, she wasn’t. But she received the results,” Elan said. “Remember Raheem’s gifts?”
Of course. The aromatic sawdust. First one kind, then the other. As the pieces fell into place, a hot anger rose up in Zinovy, like a giant tidal wave. All the emotions they’d had to wrestle with—all their checking of the instruments, the tissue testing, the wondering when the poison would finally take its toll. All that had been unnecessary—a waste of time and energy. 
Zinovy hated waste. 
“You!” He whirled on the girl. “You knew this from the first. You knew about the river and the cause of the sickness. You knew . . . ” He glanced at Elan. “Is this river water drinkable?”
Elan nodded.
Zinovy turned back. “You’ve been drinking it all along, then. Sneaking off to the river while we were tearing our hair out worrying about the dwindling water supply. Were you laughing behind our backs? What did you plan to do when we died from thirst?” 
Words deserted him, but the tension in his muscles didn’t. He wanted to hit something. The only thing within reach was the girl, and that wouldn’t do. He gritted his teeth and commanded his hands to unclench, his shoulders to relax. Then he glared down at her, ready to begin the verbal assault again.
Eric stepped up beside them. “Hold on, Zinovy. Don’t be so hard on her. She’s had a pretty rough go.”
Zinovy barely heard him. He was looking at the girl. Odd how her eyes were changing color—almost a cobalt blue now. She straightened, bringing the top of her head up to a height just under his chin. Her jaw trembled slightly, then she exploded.
Some of the words she used he’d never heard before, and he thought he’d heard them all. She spouted for a solid thirty seconds before she took a breath. Eventually she circled around to the topic of Grace’s recovery: “I’m the one who fixed her. I’m the one who took her to the river—and carried the water back to her when she was too sick to make it all the way. I’m the one who tried to stop you from running away from the river. Then I carried the water to you, when you were miles away from it and dying because of your own gross stupidity. I’m the one who tried to pour it on you, but—oh, no, you wouldn’t have it. I had to wait until you were too weak to fight. Then I saved your life. I wish I hadn’t bothered! What a waste! What a waste of perfectly good water.” 
She stomped off. Zinovy turned to Elan, who smiled at the quizzical look on his face. Ignoring the question in Zinovy’s eyes, Elan repeated himself. 
“Don’t be afraid of the river, Zinovy. It’s good for you. It’s good for all of us.”
* * *
They rested that day until late morning, then headed back to the river. 
They didn’t return to the tree bridge. Where they were now, the bluff that had blocked their way before was a gentle slope, so the way east was open before them. Elan suggested they move directly across the plain, assuring them they would reach the river more quickly that way. 
“I will return to the bridge to get the others,” he said. “The cataracts on the river are navigable. We’ll move up the waterfalls to the top of the plateau and join you farther upriver.”
“How will we know the way?” Archie asked. 
“You won’t be able to miss the river if you keep going east from here. It angles northeast from the bluff. You still have your instrument, don’t you?”
Archie turned to Eric and Eric nodded. “Last time I checked it was still operable. It’s looking kind of frail, though.”
“Speaking of which,” Archie said to Elan, “Why has all our equipment disintegrated? What is it that destroys everything?”
“Not everything, right?”
“Well, all our synthetics at least. Anything that’s even an alloy of synthetic material just dissolves. Why is that? Is it the sawdust?”
“No. The sawdust is damaging to living tissue. What’s hard on synthetics is the glory.”
“The what?”
“The glory.” Elan watched their faces, as if looking for some sign of intelligent life. It didn’t come. 
“It’s the light,” he explained. Still the blank looks. 
“It’s the river essence—the life.”
Archie glanced at Zinovy, the puzzle still in his eyes. Zinovy returned the look. It was still hard to believe the radiated iridescence they were taking into their lungs was good for them. 
“Is there any water left?” Archie asked Elan.
“The water you’ve had today will be enough to get you back to the river, and you’ll also get plenty of moisture from the vegetation you’re eating. Are there any other questions?” He paused. “Then I’ll see you later today. We should meet up in the early gloaming if you get started soon.” And he was gone. 
Archie and Zinovy stared after him. “What’s a ‘gloaming?’” Archie asked.
“I don’t know. He’s full of strange words today. Maybe it’s something to do with the ‘glory.’”
* * *
So they ate the plants. “They’re all edible,” Elan had said. “Try whatever you like. Don’t collect more than you need at the moment. Anything extra you pick won’t last. All organic matter disintegrates quickly after it’s been removed from its life source. And harvest carefully. Remember that unnecessary destruction activates the enzymes that are poisonous.”
Zinovy’s first bite had been difficult. Putting anything in his mouth felt strange after the fast he’d been on, and eating vegetation that sparkled with radiation increased the strangeness beyond imagination. “Good radiation,” Zinovy grumbled to himself. “It’s an oxymoron.” But the whole world was an oxymoron now. 
Though Elan left them with puzzling questions, some things began to make more sense. “What Elan said about dead organic matter—that explains what happened to Redmond and Rudzinski,” Zinovy said to Archie. “When I opened the shuttle door to go out, the radiation came in. When I came back a couple days later, their bodies were already disintegrating. That’s why they were only dust.”
Archie frowned. “I don’t like the idea that we can’t store food. We don’t know how sustainable this environment is. We need to be prepared for emergencies in case the supply dwindles.”
 He was right. Harvesting carefully was difficult. Zinovy fought the rational urge to hoard supplies, wondering at his own irrational decision to do so. Elan had said the food supply was unlimited. Again he shook his head at the strangeness and the wasted worry of the past days.
 Carter was even slower to give in to the new system. Before they headed out that day he made himself a rhubarb wrap—named, he said, for the tart flavor of its main ingredient—and stuck it in his backpack. 
Sara had elected to go back to the bridge with Elan. Zinovy was glad to see her go. He was still annoyed, and there was no sign that her feelings about him had changed either. He’d keep his distance from now on. She was unstable. He didn’t need that kind of influence in his life.




CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Zinovy and Eric led the expedition to the river, following the GPS readings until noon when the instrument’s screen went blank. 
“Now what do we do?” Eric said. 
Zinovy grunted. The GPS was the last of their technology to go. The EVARM unit had gone the day before. Or rather it had been left. Conrad set it down at the river by the first tree they’d felled and in their panic to get away he’d forgotten it. They now had no way to measure the radiation around them, and no way to know where they were. 
Archie moved up beside them. “That’s it, then,” he said. “I hope Elan was right about the river being easy to find. Do you still have that compass you got from the boys, Zinovy?”
Zinovy pulled the compass out of his pocket, looked at it and pointed. “East is that way.”
Archie nodded. “Then that’s where we go.”
Wave after wave of breathtaking beauty washed over Zinovy as they walked. He saw it all with new eyes now that the weight of concern about its danger had lifted. Color permeated everything, the hues growing richer and deeper as they moved closer to the river. Rose and fuchsia, magenta and mauve, violet and damson—a vast array of hues pulsated through the air, dancing in lazy swirls or playful curlicues, as if moved by puffs from a light summer breeze. Was there a breeze? Constant movement, but not really a breeze. Air alive, breathing, laughing. Zinovy shook his head, scattering the laughter, focusing again, determined to preserve his reason.
“Even the color of the vegetation is green like I’ve never seen before,” Eric said, echoing Zinovy’s thoughts. Too true. Mint and jade, emerald and turquoise, teal and aqua—every imaginable shade shimmered around him as Zinovy moved, spellbound, through giant forest groves, hummocks of waist-high shrubbery, or smooth, grassy meadows, vibrant with life. Filmy tendrils caressed his face in places where the plant life grew so thick and lush they had to go single file. Tender, springy mosses covered the ground in the forests, and soft grasses brushed his ankles—his knees in some places—when they came out into the meadows. 
“One thing’s for sure,” Eric said as they maneuvered around a clump of shrubbery too thick to pass through. “I don’t miss the sound of the bloody saw.”
“We don’t really need it except to make a path for the cart. The boys must still have the cart. I wonder how they’ll bring it.”
“I don’t see how they could get it up the cataracts. That stretch looked pretty impassable to me, especially if you were trying to carry something.” Eric changed the subject: “Listen to those birds.” He began to whistle back at them, mimicking their calls. 
The soft bird sounds mingled easily with the swish of the grasses as they walked, creating an easy rhythm. For a brief moment, the tension in Zinovy’s body eased. Then, Eric’s hand whipped out across Zinovy’s chest, stopping him in mid-stride. 
“Quiet. Did you hear that?”
“What?”
“A noise like an animal.” 
They waited.
 “All I can hear is the birds,” Zinovy said. 
Zinovy started to move on but Eric stopped him again. “Wait. I did hear something—more like a roar. It sounds far away, but I’m pretty sure—”
“Like a lion’s roar?”
Eric nodded. They stood for a few minutes, but when no other sounds came, they moved on.
“Might be animals,” Eric said. “Remember the deer we saw?”
Zinovy doubted there were lions. How could there be? But, then, how could any of this be? “If there are wild animals ahead we need to be cautious.”
“Are you always cautious, Zinovy?”
“Always. It’s how I’ve survived to age thirty-eight. It’s irresponsible to be careless.”
“But this world is different. I’ve been thinking a lot about this. I mean about how it’s different. I’ve decided it’s because—well, it’s like life is in charge of the world now, not death.” He looked across the colorful landscape toward the horizon, his face glowing in the reflection of the air around them. “We thought the world was destroyed by this event, but maybe it’s the opposite. Maybe it was restored instead.” He turned back to Zinovy and the glow faded. “You should relax a little. You’re way too serious.”
Zinovy frowned. “To relax is to become weak. Weakness is always dangerous, even now. There’s still much we don’t know about the city, and the journey there is still long. It’s not a good time to relax.” 
It would never be a good time to relax. Things were more complex than Eric imagined. “Have it your way,” Eric said. “But don’t crank at the rest of us. I just want to be happy.”
In the late afternoon Archie stopped them for a break. Zinovy shrugged out of his backpack and wandered off to find something to eat. He didn’t have to go far. Menu items abounded. Leaf and stalk, blade and frond—strange shapes and textures, but nothing Zinovy had tried so far had been distasteful. Finally settling on a thick leaf from a nearby shrub, he sat down and took a bite. Carter sat beside him, digging in his backpack. 
“Dang. What happened? My rhubarb sandwich is gone.” Sure enough, only a few wisps remained in the bottom of his bag. “Just like the plants I tried to collect,” he said. “No wonder I couldn’t gather any data.” He glowered and muttered under his breath. Zinovy grinned at Eric across the grass and Eric grinned back. 
The boys had eaten quickly and gone exploring. Now Graham burst upon them, full of his discovery. “Hey, guys. The animals are back. Come look.”
Zinovy stood with the others at the outer edge of the line of trees and stared out over a vast plain. “The variety is remarkable,” Archie said. “I’m counting about twenty-five species out there, if you distinguish between the antelope.”
“They look like African animals,” Raheem said. “See those small ones with the curling horns?”
No one answered. They stood for a while, entranced, then Archie said, “Let’s get going. We can check this out later, but for now we need to move on.” 
Eventually they came upon the river. It was wider here than where they’d crossed the day before. Had it only been one day? Zinovy marveled. 
“Where are the others?” Eric asked. “Elan said they’d meet us here.”
Archie stood with his hands on his hips, watching the boys move cautiously up to the riverbank. “They’re probably still downstream. They can’t have gotten this far yet. We were at least five hours from the river when we stopped last night. Elan will have to backtrack all that way and then they’ll have to get up the falls and on to this place, wherever we are. It’ll take them a while.” 
Emery rolled up his pant legs and headed down the gentle incline toward the water. “Emery, take it easy.” Archie said, a furrow in his brow. “What do you think, Zinovy? Is it all right for them to go in?”
“It’s too late to worry about it,” Zinovy said, as the rest of the boys followed Emery’s lead. Soon they were in up to their waists, then their necks. Zinovy cringed when Conrad dove under the water, but he came up in one piece, laughing and sputtering. 
“We might as well rest here and wait for the others,” Archie said, rubber stamping the decision the swimmers had already made. Carter immediately began investigating the plant life. Eric wandered over to a grassy hummock, lay down on his back, put his hands behind his head and stared up into the sky. 
Zinovy stood, watching the five young men splash in the water. The current was not too strong here and they all seemed to be good swimmers. After a moment he transferred his attention to Carter, who was stooped over a bush of some kind, pulling the leaves apart. “Come look at this, Zinovy,” Carter said. “This bush has buds on it. And they’re pretty well advanced too.”
“So?” 
“So if these are buds, then there might be flowers soon.”
“This makes you happy, right?” 
“Yes, but I don’t understand why they’re here all of a sudden when there weren’t any before.” He stood up, looking down at the plant in front of him. 
“Maybe it’s springtime here,” Zinovy said.
“Well, it’s definitely spring for this plant.” Carter looked around. “They’re all in bud. Either it’s becoming spring, or we’re moving into areas where the vegetation is already in a more advanced state.”
Archie came up as Charles was speaking. “Either time or place then, eh? Which do you think?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s both—farther east, and later in the year. It’s supposed to be late spring here by now—I mean by the old calendar. Let’s see. New Years’ was April first, and we’ve come—how long has it been? A month?”
Archie nodded. “About that. A few days over, I think.”
“So it could be the time.” Carter scratched his head. “But I don’t even know if the traditional seasons still hold.” He shrugged and sauntered over to another clump of bushes, muttering to himself.
Zinovy watched him go. Then he stretched out on the mossy knoll that ran up from the edge of the river, locked his hands behind his head and closed his eyes. 
He woke with a start, instantly on guard. The noises came from his left. In the next instant the bushes nearby began to rustle and two chattering people stepped into their midst. 
“Hey.” Mike sat up and moved his feet as Simon and Ruben clomped over him. “Where did you guys come from?”
“Upriver,” Simon said. “Elan sent us back to look for you. Where’ve you been?”
“We’ve been waiting for you,” Archie said. “How did you get upriver from here? We thought you’d still be coming up to us.”
“No way. We passed this spot hours ago,” Ruben said. Zinovy and Archie looked at each other. 
“When did you leave the tree bridge?” Archie asked.
“We left early this morning. Elan came just after breakfast. We packed up and headed out right away. He said you’d meet us along the river.”
“But he left us just after breakfast. How could he . . . ?” Archie’s question trailed off. “Did Sara come with him?”
“Yeah. We’re all up there.”
Zinovy glanced at Archie, whose puzzled frown mirrored his own. “Both of them must have traveled at the speed of light,” he said, half to himself. His head reeled with the implications. Now time was playing tricks on them as well. 
“Come on, then. Let’s get going,” Archie said. “It’ll be night soon.”
* * *
Sara was in the river when the wanderers arrived. 
She’d put Caleb down with the Mueller kids and was taking a dip in a quiet pool under some willow trees before she turned in for the night. She heard the men coming through the trees, Simon and Ruben talking non-stop as always. 
Sara was not in a hurry to meet them. She was still seething at Zinovy for the harsh reprimand he’d given her—was it just that morning? It seemed ages ago. But it would be ages before she forgave him. He was so typically male. Men were always condescending and critical, as if they never did wrong or needed to apologize for anything. She lay on her back and floated, brushing her hands against the gentle current now and then to keep herself in place under the shelter of the drooping branches overhead. Then she became aware of a presence—someone watching from the bank. 
She stood up, searching for the river bottom with her feet as she swept the wet hair out of her eyes with both hands. With relief she saw it was only Eric. She smiled up at him, adjusting the straps on the camisole Grace had given her to wear under her blouse, glad for that extra bit of modesty now that she no longer swam alone. 
Eric was nice. She’d been surprised at the discovery. He’d been the first to recover last night, coming around in time to help them take care of the others. Later, before their bedtime, they’d talked. Or, rather, she’d talked. He’d listened, and it seemed as if he understood her fear, and even her need to keep the information about the river to herself. Then, this morning, he’d stood by her when she’d had to face Zinovy’s wrath. She felt safe with Eric.
Eric smiled back. “The ankle-biter’s asking for you,” he said. 
“Caleb?”
He nodded. She made her way to the bank and Eric held out a hand to pull her up. She gathered the tails of her rather too-large cotton shirt in both hands and wrung out the excess water. It sparkled, even in the late night mist, as the drops fell on the ground at her feet. She ran her hands over her hair, wiping away as much of the wetness as she could, then they started back to camp.
“Thanks for sticking up for me this morning. I was afraid for them to find out what I’d done. Especially Zinovy. He’s such a stern man.”
Eric laughed. “Didn’t look like you needed much help,” he said. “You’re pretty good at sticking up for yourself.”
“He had no right to stomp and yell about what I’d done, without even hearing an explanation. He has no patience. He scares me.”
Eric laughed again, throwing his head back in pure enjoyment this time. “He scares you,” he said. “I should think it would be the other way around. You probably scared the daylights out of him.”
“It’s not funny,” Sara said. “I don’t want to have anything to do with him, ever. He’s just like all the other men I’ve known. They do evil things to others. They lie. Then they act as if they’re wonderful and everyone should bow down to them or something.”
Eric grew serious. “Is that how you feel about all men?” he asked, stopping to look down into her eyes.
“Well, not all, maybe. You’re an exception.”
They were nearing the camp and the conversation ended, but Eric’s reaction to her plight haunted Sara. He’d laughed at what she’d thought was a terrible thing. If he laughed—he who’d listened so kindly to her the night before—maybe it wasn’t so awful. She realized she was being a little harsh on the Russian, but the anger would not go away. Even as she tried to reason, the pain rose up—much larger than it should be—much more intrusive. Why? Why did his attitude rankle so much? 
She knew why. It wasn’t the first time she’d had to deal with this anger. But she wasn’t ready to deal with it again. Not now. This wasn’t the time or the place to revisit the past. 
When they reached the compound, Sara veered off toward Caleb’s bed. He was asleep again. She settled beside him, waiting to lie down until the last of the moisture left her clothes and hair, listening to the low murmur of men’s voices in the distance. Why did she find that sound so disturbing? 
Eventually the voices stopped. She fell asleep and dreamt. In her dream, a man on a white horse rode through the forest. He was coming to rescue her, but as he approached the library where she sat reading, he turned into a monster with large bulging eyes, long, stringy hair and yellow, crooked teeth. He leered at her through the window, and when she screamed—a soundless scream that caught in her throat and ached for release—he laughed and rode away. She looked down at the book she’d been reading and screamed again. Her hands were gone, and her body had disappeared. She woke up struggling, fighting a deep anguish, remembering. 
The dream was a familiar one. After a while she relaxed, as she always did. She stretched, relieved to feel the moss, soft against her skin. Then she sighed and fell into a fitful sleep once more. 
* * *
 
Zinovy had taken to waking up slowly. It was a deliberate ploy. His most rational thoughts came in the early morning before he opened his eyes. As soon as the physical atmosphere invaded his senses all reasonable thoughts would vanish, as shadows before the sun. 
Even so, he could not close his ears. At the earliest sign of morning, uproarious sounds of life assaulted him. Meadowlarks heralded the day, calling out greetings to the sparrows and swallows and pigeons and doves, bidding goodbye to the nightingales and the owls. Baby animals summoned their mothers with mews and bleats and their mothers answered with murmurs and chuckles. It took all his will to ignore the peace and happiness resounding in the morning air around him. 
But he had to. At least long enough to get a grip on reality. He lay, willing his body to ignore the sensory invaders, taking time to deliberate, studying the chess pieces, trying to imagine what his next move should be, frustrated over the impossibility of plotting more than one move ahead. All the rules had changed. He didn’t know this new version of the game at all. The best he could do was try to defend his king from the closest threats, and hope his queen would survive one more day.
Over time, as he practiced this new strategy, he had become aware of a new invasion. Before his mind could prepare for the challenges of the day, something else would approach, from behind, softly, intruding almost apologetically, but not quite. Something intent on having its way before either the mind or the senses took over. 
He couldn’t identify this new assailant—couldn’t analyze or explain it. By the time his mind was awake enough to do either, the intruder would be gone, leaving as quietly as it had come. He couldn’t even comprehend what the presence was doing to him, but he felt vulnerable.
Something tickled Zinovy’s nose. He raised a hand to brush it aside, but it came back. He swiped at it again, more seriously this time. Then he opened his eyes.
Instantly he sat up, fully awake. 
A riot of color waved back and forth in front of his face, taunting him, daring him to believe he wasn’t still dreaming, and behind the color was Caleb, an elaborate bouquet of flowers spilling out of his arms. 
Zinovy’s first thought was to wonder if they’d moved in the night to some other campsite. He was beyond assuming such things couldn’t happen. His second thought was more frightening. “Caleb! Why did you pick the flowers? We can’t destroy vegetation for no reason. It gives off poison if we do.”
Caleb’s brow puckered. “But I had a reason. I wanted to hold them. They’re pretty, and they smell good too.” He buried his face in the blossoms and breathed deeply. 
Zinovy snatched the bundle away. “They smell good, yes, but the smell will make you sick. You cannot just pick anything you like without permission, Caleb.”
Caleb looked as if he’d lost his best friend. “But he gave me permission.”
“Who gave you permission?”
“The bright one. He said I could pick as many as I wanted. He even showed me where the nicest ones were.”
Zinovy tossed the flowers aside and dropped his head between his knees. This delusion of Caleb’s was becoming dangerous. He pulled the boy down to the ground between his feet and wrapped his arms around him. 
“Caleb, I know you’re lonely. You miss your mom and dad. But you can’t keep making things up just to feel better.” He gripped the boy’s arms, turned him around, and looked into his face.
“I know how you feel. I lost my parents when I was a boy like you.”
Caleb looked up at him, wonder in his eyes. “You did?”
Zinovy nodded. “It was hard for me too. But I grew up and now it doesn’t feel so bad. That will happen to you too. But you have to understand the difference between what’s real and what’s pretend.” He pinched Caleb’s arm gently. “This is real. You are real. Your bright ones are not real. Do you see?”
Caleb fixed him with a wise stare and said nothing. Eventually Zinovy had to content himself with the directness of the gaze and assume his message had hit home. “Come on. The others will leave us behind if we don’t hurry.”
But Archie was not quite ready to go. Zinovy found him by the river talking with Elan. “We still have unanswered questions,” the Commander said. 
Elan answered each inquiry patiently: Yes, they could cut branches, or even trees, as long as they only took the tops. The trees would regenerate if enough of the trunk were left. Yes, they could swim in, wash in, shave in, play in, and still drink the same water. “All waste products are dealt with immediately. The water will remain sweet no matter what you do with it,” he assured them.
Eric brought the rest of the crew up to date on the fate of their technology. “The EVARM unit is no more, and we have no GPS. The tissue analysis equipment is toast, and the generator is back there somewhere with the remains of the saw.” 
The cart had been left behind at the bridge. “That’s okay,” Archie said when Simon reported the loss. “All we have left we can carry in our backpacks.”
The medical supplies were still intact. Their few hand tools were okay, and some personal supplies—a small paring knife, some safety razors and a pair of round-tipped scissors for cutting hair. Their tin cups and metal containers were fine, but everything else was gone. After the simple inventory and discussion of a few other minor items, they packed up and headed out for the day’s journey. 
Elan walked with them a while, talking to the boys who were plying him with questions. Their biggest puzzle was how he’d gotten back to the bridge so quickly. 
“It’s not difficult. Time and space are all relative, you know.”
“If it is so easy,” Raheem reasoned, “why couldn’t you just transport us all to the place we are going like that?” He snapped his fingers.
“Because there’s value in the going.” 
“But there is nothing to do here,” Emery protested. 
“It’s not what you do that’s important. It’s what is done in you.” Elan said. “You’ll have lots to do once you get there. For now, the journey is your only task. Just take it one step at a time and let things happen.”
Eric and Zinovy walked together behind the boys. Caleb skipped along at their side. “I wonder what ‘things’ he could be talking about,” Eric said.
“I don’t know. He probably doesn’t either. I don’t think he plans ahead, and that’s a dangerous way to live.”
It was four days before the first of the “things” occurred—a restful four days during which they made good progress. They passed through meadows of wildflowers and thickets of trees in full bloom, through a small valley that fell away from the riverbank on either side, the water coursing down the middle of a deep crevice running through its center. Zinovy readjusted his concept of geography. Natural erosion processes could not account for this anomaly. But anomalies seemed to be the order of the day.
* * *
That whole first week along the river was a difficult one for Sara. She was restless, jumpy. Something was wrong, but she didn’t know what. All she knew was that she was not happy, and the unhappiness involved a combination of anger and fear. 
And maybe pride too, she admitted. Her tutor had often warned her about the dangers of letting such feelings rule in her heart—the kind of stubborn pride that made her selfish, hard and unkind. 
But her feelings had a reason. The Russian was harsh to her. She didn’t owe him any kindness. She frowned as she walked, arguing with the tutor’s words, but still she knew. She was guilty. She had been wrong for not telling them about the river. Zinovy had been under stress when he attacked her, and for good reason. 
She needed to do something about her guilt, but she couldn’t bring herself to try. He was just too hard to approach. Eventually her anger subsided, but the fear remained. So she stumbled on in her misery, avoiding contact, distracting herself as much as she could with the journey.
On the fourth day, after what seemed like ages, the Muellers provided her with a welcome diversion. “Mark and I want to take some time away with the children,” Michelle said. “We’re going across the river. We’ll travel on that side for a day or two. Why don’t you come with us?” 
“Did Archie say it was okay?”
“It’s okay, as long as we travel fast enough to keep pace with them. We’ll come back across the river eventually, but we just want some time apart. The kids get so hyped up when they’re around the Canaveral crew.”
Sara went gladly, relieved to get away from the constant worry about facing Zinovy. Caleb went with her. He was delighted with the plan. He would have been happier if Zinovy had come too, but Sara quietly squelched that idea, luring Caleb away from his large friend by the promise of other adventures with his two young playmates. So the six of them splashed across the river—the three adults keeping the children afloat in the center of the stream where the current was strongest—and scrambled up the gentle slope of the opposite bank, laughing and pinching and tickling as they went.
Mark had borrowed Ruben’s compass so they could venture farther into the wilderness. The vegetation changed as they walked, thinning out and growing lower to the ground. After the first half-mile they found themselves on the edge of a vast plain. There they stopped for lunch. As the others gathered leaves from a bushy flowering plant they’d never seen before, Sara wandered toward the savanna. It had been a long time since she’d been able to see so far. She stood still before the view, letting her eyes roam along the horizon, and some of the peace of that vast distance entered her soul. 
They ate, then the children romped in the grass, playing games of their own invention, delighting, along with Sara, in the freedom. Mark and Michelle stretched out under a large acacia tree near the children and fell asleep. Sara watched the children for a while, then she moved off by herself, still reveling in the spaciousness, wanting to capture the feel of it, wanting to hold the moment, like a glorious sunset, for as long as she could. 
But soon it was time to move on. “We can’t lag too far behind the others or we’ll never catch up,” Mark said. Sara lifted her eyes for one last look into the peaceful distance. It was then she saw the lions.
* * *
Back on the other side, Mark and Sara announced the first of Elan’s “things” to the crew. Their report sparked a lively discussion:
“Lions?” Archie said. “You mean mountain lions?”
“No, not mountain lions. African lions.”
“African? That doesn’t make sense.”
Eric interjected: “But wait. Remember the African animals we saw on the way back to the river?” 
Archie wasn’t listening. Zinovy didn’t blame him. The Africa thing sounded preposterous. 
“Maybe they’re zoo lions,” Archie said.
“Uh uh.” Mark shook his head. “These couldn’t have been zoo animals. We saw ten or twelve in a couple of different groups. No zoo would have had that many, and these were definitely wild.”
“How could they have gotten here?” Grace wondered.
“If there’s no ocean . . . . Is it possible the lions walked over from Africa?” Mike asked. 
Zinovy calculated the distance. “We’re too far away. They migrate in the wild, but they wouldn’t have had time to get so far.” He hesitated. “I don’t think. Would they, Charles?”
“Who knows what’s happened,” Carter said. “According to Elan, this place is so screwy rational explanations don’t work any more.”
Archie frowned. “Did they seem aggressive?”
“We didn’t get close enough to find out,” Mark said. “They looked peaceful enough in the distance.”
“At any rate, we should be cautious,” Archie said to the others. 
When the excitement died down and they got underway, Archie drew Zinovy aside. “I think we need to do some advance exploration from now on,” he said. The idea made sense, considering the uncharted territory that lay before them. That evening they established a roster and Archie informed the others. “From now on, two scouts will start out an hour ahead of the rest of us. They’ll follow the river, scan the route, and report back if they run into anything out of the ordinary.” The young men were eager for the adventure and argued amiably for first place on the scouting roster. 
* * *
The pilgrims were making good time. 
They’d come nine days along the river and Zinovy figured they’d averaged twenty-five miles a day—an excellent pace considering they were walking with children. Everyone was healthy now and energy seemed unlimited. Often they would travel an extra three or four hours in the evening after supper. There was no darkness to stop them and it never took long to make camp. They had only to find a soft bed in the tundra-like turf that covered the terrain they passed through.
Because he was the youngest, Caleb had become their bedtime marker. They stopped when his energy ran out, and he was incredibly durable. The boys had taken to carrying him on their shoulders at times, especially just before lunch or dinner when his small steps began to flag. Zinovy suspected this might have added to his endurance.
“Don’t overdo the carrying,” Zinovy told them. “We all need to conserve our energy.”
“It is not a bother,” Raheem said. “He weighs very little.”
“He’s entertaining,” Emery added with a grin. “His mouth never wears out.” 
Zinovy listened to Caleb chatter away from his perch on Raheem’s shoulders. The “why” stage was in full bloom now. It could have been annoying, but thankfully the boy seemed capable of answering most of his own questions.
“Why doesn’t that fat bird fall over when he stands on one leg? Why doesn’t he use the other leg too? It must be tired, I guess. My legs get tired sometimes too,” he conceded.
“Not very often,” Zinovy mumbled under his breath. 
But the pace they were setting couldn’t continue forever, and it was during this week that Grace suggested they rest now and then. “Why do we have to travel every day? There’s no need to be so driven. We’ve got all we need to survive. We aren’t looking for anything, really. Why don’t we take a break, say, every seven days or so, and just relax?”
Charles dissented. “Do you have any idea how far away this city is? It’s going to take us forever to get there even if we keep at it every day. We can’t afford any picnics along the way.” 
“I’m inclined to agree with Charles,” Archie said. “This city is about sixty-five hundred miles from Canaveral, from the sounds of it. We’ve traveled—how many days have we walked so far, Grace?” 
Grace thumbed through the pages of the logbook. “We’ve been going . . . ” She paused to count, then looked up. “We’ve traveled seventeen days.”
“Seventeen days,” Archie repeated. “At twenty-five miles a day, average. That’s good time, but that means we’ve only come—what’s seventeen times twenty-five? Somebody figure it out.”
Grace had already done the math. “It’s four hundred and twenty-five miles.” 
“Four twenty-five—so we’ve got over six thousand miles to go.” Archie looked around the group. “It’s a long way, folks.” 
“But that’s the whole reason we need some breaks,” Grace argued. “We won’t be able to go that far without resting now and then, and we’ll make better time if we don’t overtax ourselves.”
She had a point. The group continued to debate. The Canaveral crew were all for going steadily on. Eric was noncommittal. Sara and Grace didn’t contribute to the discussion. Zinovy didn’t care one way or the other. But the Muellers demurred. “Our kids won’t make it,” Mark said. 
Finally Archie made a decision. “Okay. I’m willing to try this rest-day thing if you feel the need, but I reserve the right to change the plan if we find we’re getting too far behind schedule. Let’s see.” He consulted his note pad. “If we keep up at our current rate, and stop one day a week . . . ” He paused, scribbling, then gave them the figures: “We’ve got more than eight months of travel ahead of us.” 
There were nods around the circle. Finally Eric said, “Well, we’ve got time. Like Grace said, as long as we have tucker and water along the way, what’s the hurry? Elan told us not to rush, remember?”
Archie studied the boy for a moment. Then he said, “There is no hurry, but we have a goal, and we need to make sure we don’t lose sight of the goal. The goal is to get to this city. Once we do that, my job will be over and you can each choose where you want to go from there. Meanwhile, we need to stick together, and we need to keep moving.” 
So it was decided. Grace wrote the ruling in the logbook. The next day—the eighteenth since their journey had begun—would be their first official rest.




CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Morning dawned bright as usual. Zinovy stood, his back against the trunk of an apple tree, and shook his head. He would never get used to the lack of weather in this place. Visibility was clear for half a kilometer. Not a cloud, or a hint of rain—no chill in the air. He shivered, remembering the dark coldness of the Russian winters he’d lived through—the pain of the frostbite he’d suffered as a child when his cousins had locked him out of the house one night, and again, years later, during the coldest winter on record, when his vehicle had broken down on his way back to the base. 
The changing seasons of the old world were all right. They’d brought some excitement—a break in routine—each one contributing its own particular beauty to life in an otherwise drab existence. But for some reason Zinovy didn’t find the predictable weather pattern in this new world boring. The air caressed his skin constantly, its warmth stimulating, and every ripple of color in the cloudless sky held the quiet promise of new excitement, as if even more happiness waited around the next bend in the river. 
Zinovy stretched, letting the tingle of the morning air relax some of the tension in his taut muscles, and turned his thoughts to plans for the day.
Zinovy and Archie hadn’t put their names on the scouting roster, but both had been on heavy alert since the lion sightings. One or the other of them walked around the rim of the campsite before they settled every night, and again every morning before breakfast when the scouts headed off. They’d seen no wildlife. Today was the first of their rest days, and the crew scouted around the compound for tamer prey. 
At Grace and Michelle’s suggestion, tonight’s supper was to be potluck. “Every one is to scavenge one item,” Grace explained. “Collect as much of that one type of plant as would make a full meal for one person, and bring it to this clump of bushes over here. We’ll combine our choices and eat together under that Banyan tree.” She pointed to the large tree in the center of their camp and smiled around at everyone. 
None of the others smiled back. Zinovy immediately started making plans to skip the little tea party, and Charles wandered off, muttering something sarcastic about the pleasures of Sunday school picnics. 
“We don’t need a party,” Mike said. “We’d rather grab something fast and then go play football.”
“We’ll make this a game,” Michelle said. “A contest, with a prize for the most interesting menu item submitted. And when we’re through eating you can have your football game.”
Mike looked sideways at her. “What kind of prize?”
“Wait and see. It’ll be a good one, don’t worry.” 
Mike looked at Archie, then at Zinovy. “Are you two going to do it?”
Zinovy glanced at Archie and raised his eyebrows. Archie shrugged. They were caught in the leadership trap—one of the many reasons Zinovy had avoided this kind of responsibility all his life. He looked at Grace’s eager face and nodded, hiding his own reluctance. Mike slumped, obviously resigned to his fate, and Michelle and Grace gave some last minute instructions. 
“You can do it in pairs, if that will make it more fun for you,” Grace said. 
“Your dish has to be attractively arranged,” Michelle told them. “Presentation is important.” Several groans issued from the audience, but Michelle ignored them. “And you must be prepared to talk about what you’ve brought—tell where you found it and what the plants look like in their natural habitat.” 
Grace studied the boys’ faces and added, “Only new items, ones we haven’t tried before, will count toward the prize.”
Michelle smiled again and said, “It will be a chance for us all to share what we’ve discovered during the day.” 
Zinovy hid a smile as the young men rolled their eyes, but in the end they went off to explore, their enthusiasm gradually increasing as they began to discover plants they hadn’t noticed before. Recipe possibilities were endless. Flowers still bloomed everywhere, but fruit now grew as well. Almost every piece of vegetation had one or the other, sometimes both on the same plant. 
Zinovy stood with Archie and watched as the young men wandered through the foliage, stooping here and there to pluck a sample of some new discovery. Mike and Emery had paired up. Occasionally they’d look over to see what the twins were doing, checking out the competition.
“Well, at least they’re occupied,” Archie said after a while. 
“Distracted is more like it. Their eyes are too much on the ground. I’m going to scout around, check for any activity in the area that might disrupt the party tonight.”
“Good idea. But you’d better come back with a new menu item or you’ll be in trouble with the women.” Archie grinned at him.
Zinovy grunted and headed for the perimeter of the compound. He circled the base three times, stopping at intervals to check the horizon and listen for unusual noises in the gentle air. All the noises were usual, as if there were such a thing in this new place. Zinovy shook his head at the thought. 
The cries of birds in flight mingled with the bleats of small animals in the field. Monkeys, hidden in the treetops, chuckled in answer to the calls of their mates. Delicate antelope nibbled silently at the grass, not even bothering to lift their heads at the distant sounds of larger beasts that would have been their predators in an ordinary world. But Zinovy heard no lions roar.
Finally he turned back, doing some culinary exploration along the way. He harvested a large white fruit from a tree he’d never seen before, slid it between two triangular leaves, and carried the possible contest winner back to camp. 
By now it was lunch time. The compound was quiet. Zinovy sat down under the apple tree and took a bite of his sandwich, testing the flavor and texture. 
Across the meadow Sara and Eric sat talking. It was a curious thing. She still kept to herself a lot, and she never approached any other man, but lately she’d taken to walking with Eric, and whenever she needed anything, he was the one she went to. Zinovy wasn’t surprised. It wouldn’t be him, for sure. They’d barely spoken since her outburst the day after they crossed the river. 
Eric held a small red book in his hand. They’d finished eating and he appeared to be reading portions of the book to her. Was it poetry? Somehow Eric didn’t seem the type, but they looked almost like lovers sitting there together. Eric raised his head and said something to her and she laughed. The soft, low sound filtered across the meadow, not at all out of place in the beauty of their surroundings. 
So it wasn’t poetry. Something humorous instead. He watched the two of them and wondered. It would not be a bad thing, he supposed. She could certainly do worse.
“Hi, Zinovy.” Mike and Emery trotted past. They’d finished their exploration and were heading across the clearing with samples of their treasure. 
“We’ve found the ultimate dessert. You’ll never top this one,” said Emery. “It’s delectable.” He drew his fingers together at his mouth and blew a kiss into the air. Then with a grin and an impudent toss of his dreadlocks, he and Mike trotted off to plan their presentation. 
As Zinovy watched the relationships develop around him, a strange new discomfort started to creep over him. He couldn’t put a name to it, but it was real. Sara and Eric, Sara and Grace, the Canaveral kids, and even Archie—they all seemed eager for interaction with others. He felt none of their camaraderie. He felt cold and hard.
When had the coldness begun? Was it the FSB training? No. Military school? No. Farther back than that. His memories slid into early childhood and it was there he found the source. Not surprisingly, the source was covered in blood.
After his mother’s death he’d been inconsolable. The neighbors tried their best. They passed him from family to family, hoping he’d connect with one of them, but he couldn’t settle anywhere. A year later, still grieving, he’d gone to live with his uncle. 
His aunt had not been happy. Zinovy listened, peeking from behind the kitchen door as they talked. “We’ve got to take him, Manya,” the man said to his wife. “Others have done all they can. He’s my sister’s child. I have a responsibility.” 
His aunt frowned and put her hands on her hips. “He is small for his age—scrawny. He is going to be another burden.” 
The day he arrived she put him to work in the garden. When she discovered, much to her dismay, that he couldn’t distinguish between weeds and vegetables, she relegated him to the chicken coop. He didn’t mind. He spent long, quiet hours there by himself, shoveling manure, carrying feed to the troughs and filling the water dishes. 
Three cousins lived in that home as well—all boys—all older than he. They surveyed his arrival with interest and concluded he’d come solely for their entertainment. They found him crying the first night. “Oh, looky here,” one crooned. “We have a little crybaby in our bed. What shall we do about that?” 
What they did had traumatized him, and it continued. He learned to dread the coming of night. 
But Zinovy loved gathering the eggs in the morning. It was a wonder to him, day after day, when he slid his hand under a hen, to find one or two, or even sometimes three of the round, warm treasures underneath. He would carry them to the mudroom, wash them carefully, and put them in a basket on the kitchen table for his aunt to put away. 
Once, some of the eggs were allowed to hatch. He’d been in charge of the young brood of chicks and his wonder had increased. For the first few, delicate days of their lives they were kept in a covered box on the floor by the kitchen stove. He’d left his bed every night after the others were asleep, taking his blanket to the kitchen and curling up on the floor beside the box. He would watch them for a while before falling asleep to the sound of their gentle peeps. He reveled in the beauty of their downy yellow fluffiness, marveled at their smallness, wondered at the miracle of their innocent trust in his care of them. 
His cousins had found him there one morning, asleep by the box. They taunted him as usual. When he came back to the kitchen later with the eggs, he checked in on his charges and found them all dead. They’d been stabbed, and cut into chunks of almost unrecognizable animal body parts.
Zinovy looked at the bloody mass of yellow bodies and something tightened around his heart. He choked back his tears, straightened his scrawny shoulders and headed out with determined step to the field where his cousins were working. 
The boys suffered doubly for their prank. Their mother, who cared nothing for Zinovy’s feelings, was furious at the loss of the potential food supply. She thrashed the boys soundly, adding considerably to the pain of the bruises Zinovy had already inflicted on them in the field.
His cousins treated him with a certain amount of respect after that, but the small victory had hardened him. He had grown up quickly—purged of his baby weakness and ready to meet life head on. When the chance to leave for military school came five years later, he had jumped at it.
Yes. The coldness had begun then, and it grew with him. He’d thrown himself into his military training, forcing his body and his mind into submission, shaping himself into the ironclad machine he needed to be to perform well as an FSB officer. Somewhere along the way, during those years of training and beyond, the pain of his grief—the aching loneliness—had turned into a sad resignation. Eventually, even the sadness left, washed away by the experiences of life, leaving him emotionless and at peace, safe behind the walls of the fortress he’d built. 
But now, in a world that infused life into his body with every breath he took, where he didn’t even need to work to feed himself—in a world without enemies—the ramparts of the castle he’d built around himself seemed obsolete. The moat, the drawbridge, ever in its upright position, the towering walls, were beginning to feel more like a prison than a fortress. For the first time he began to question the correctness of his unemotional approach to life. 
Again, Sara’s laugh rang out across the meadow. Zinovy watched her bobbing curls as she leaned toward Eric. The laughing dark head brought back the memory of Nadya, and a knife-sharp pain slashed through his heart. The pain turned into a wave of loneliness—a tidal wave that swept over him and slammed his heart into the pounding surf of his broken past. The attack was so uncharacteristic he wondered if the fruit in his sandwich contained some kind of mind-altering drug—an amphetamine, or an aphrodisiac. 
Probably not. He just had too much time on his hands. He knew the softness around the area of his heart signified a softness in his mind—something he needed to fix. As he watched the two young people he remembered that he, too, had a book—Nadya’s copy of Plato’s Republic tucked away in his pack. He decided to dig it out. The philosopher’s cold rationality would make short shrift of both of his softness problems.
Caleb had been rooting around in the grass beside Sara and Eric, probably searching for some small creature to adopt. Finding none in the immediate vicinity, he looked across the green at Zinovy. He waved, said something to Sara and then bounded off. Seconds later the little appendage plopped down and affixed himself to Zinovy’s side. 
He was chattering before he hit the ground—something about insects, or butterflies, or worms. That’s it. He’d found an earthworm—had set it on the ground beside him—but it had disappeared into the moss while he was busy making a home for it in a patch of yellow flowers.
Zinovy listened with amusement, first to the words and then simply to the sound. He closed his eyes and smiled. Soon he was dozing, falling asleep to the noise of the child’s chatter, soft, like the gentle peeping of baby chicks.
* * *
Zinovy enjoyed the supper. Enjoy. How long had it been since he’d used that word? He couldn’t remember. Laughter spilled in and out of their talk. Banter bounced back and forth from one to the other. After much deliberation, Emery and Mike were deemed the winners of the potluck contest, and when the tin cups had been washed and stowed away, they sat around, watching a herd of antelope that had wandered into the fringe of trees along the south side of the meadow. 
Eventually they went to bed, and early the next morning they set out again, rested and eager to continue their journey. They made sixteen miles before they stopped for lunch. 
“We’re making good time.” Zinovy said to Eric, as they sat together in a clump of spongy, fern-like plants growing next to a mass of lemon-yellow flowers. “If we keep on at such a rate we won’t be delayed much by the rest days.” The flowers next to them tasted like lemon, their tangy bite mellowed with a touch of sweetness buried in their centers. Zinovy munched on a handful, pondering, trying to think of a way to bring up the topic that had been on his mind all morning. After a moment of silence, he took a breath and began. 
“You and Sara seem to enjoy each other,” he said, shifting into a more comfortable position. There was that word, ‘enjoy,’ again. “What were you talking about yesterday?” 
He was prying. Yes. What he asked was none of his business. But he liked Eric. There was something solid and simple about the way he lived his life, and he was open—a rare thing in relationships Zinovy had known. 
Eric leaned back in his seat, clasped his hands behind his head, and smiled. “She’s a neat kid,” he said. “Easy to be around. We do have fun. We’ve been reading this book together. She’s quite smart too, did you know that?”
Zinovy didn’t know that. The only contact they had was when she came to disengage Caleb at the end of each day. But he imagined she could be fun for someone like Eric. “That’s something you have in common then,” Zinovy said, looking over at the boy. “Have you ever thought she might be fun to have around for good?” He measured the response to his suggestion in the young man’s face.
Eric looked surprised and then laughed. “Well, I’m sure she would be,” he said. “But she’s not the sheila for me if that’s what you were thinking.”
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. “How can you be sure? It might be good for both of you.”
Eric sobered and looked away, studying a pair of gazelles grazing across the meadow. Zinovy followed his gaze. The animals were beautiful—lithe and graceful, at peace in the gentle pasture, moving slowly in tandem from one lush tuft of grass to another, twitching their tails now and then in the soft air. He looked back at Eric. The young man’s brows were drawn together over eyes deep with something Zinovy had not seen there before.
“No,” Eric finally said. “I’m sure. She’s not for me.” He turned to Zinovy. “There was a girl once. There’ll never be another.”
Zinovy’s eyebrows went up again. “You were hurt deeply, then?”
Eric frowned. “No, I couldn’t say I was hurt, really. She was fine. I loved her very much, still do as a matter of fact. But I lost her and I’m spoiled for anyone else.” He drew his hands from behind his head and picked up a nut that had fallen from the tree over their heads. 
“We met through my sister. She told me she knew this girl from work and thought we should get together. I wasn’t interested. I had a girlfriend.” He chuckled. “But then she set me up. She called one day to ask for a ride home from work. Said her car was acting up and she was leaving it with the mechanic. When I arrived, Serena was there too, looking kind of embarrassed. She’d figured out, too late, what my sister was up to.”
“That was it? You started dating?”
“No, it was later. We ran into each other at a coffee bar, both waiting for our Caramel Machiattos, and we sat down to talk.” 
Eric gazed off into the distance. “She was different from any girl I’d ever known. She thought for herself—was independent and opinionated—not negative, but strong, in a good way. She didn’t need me, do you know what I mean?” Eric tossed the nut into the air and caught it. “She was whole and healthy in herself. I found that interesting. All the other girls I’d known might be sweet for a while, but once the relationship got to a certain stage, they’d get clingy and demanding. I always felt trapped and like I couldn’t be myself.” 
He paused, looking at the ground. “We were different in many ways, but that was okay with Serena. We respected each other. I think that’s the key—the thing that made it so different.” 
Eric paused again, lost in thought. Zinovy waited for him to continue. After a while, he prompted, “You moved in together, then?” 
Eric chuckled. “No. None of that. She was religious, see. Didn’t believe in living together unless you were married.” He shook his head. “I didn’t know there were girls like that any more. Every one I’d known had been ready to fall into bed at the drop of a hat.”
“So you married her?” Zinovy persisted. Somehow he’d never pictured Eric being married. 
Eric looked at Zinovy and his eyes lost their sparkle. “No. We never married. I wanted to, but the religious thing got in the way. The one thing we needed to have in common, we didn’t. I wasn’t religious, not in the same way, at least. She believed she actually knew God, that He was her friend. The way she talked seemed wacky to me sometimes. I went to church with her a time or two, but it didn’t catch with me. At the time none of it made sense.” He drew his brows down, thinking. 
“The church was interesting. I used to think religious blokes were a bunch of fruit loops. But they were pretty cool. And they had good music. None of the dark, somber stuff I thought churches would be about. I was surprised about that.”
Eric continued with the story. The two of them had gone on for some time, apparently—loving each other, but never consummating the thing. The stalemate was broken abruptly by her death. Ironically, she’d died in church. 
In Florida, The Great Quake had hit around noon on a Sunday morning and the building had collapsed on the whole congregation. Zinovy remembered the event. It had happened at night in Moscow. He’d come back late that evening from maneuvers to find devastation in the compound, but it had been worse in other places—worse everywhere. The disaster—a global event—had decimated the world’s population, making it hard for the Regime to recruit manpower for the new global government. Recovery had barely started when this latest holocaust happened.
Eric spoke again, pulling Zinovy back to his surroundings. “I dated some after that, but it was never the same. No one could replace Serena. I’m content now. Have been for some time. I don’t think that’ll ever change.”
Zinovy wasn’t convinced. The boy was not yet thirty years old. Things did have a way of changing when you were young. But Sara might be too immature for him. She was certainly no match for the vivacious girl whose memory lingered in Eric’s heart. Zinovy looked at Eric, contemplating. Then he nodded. “I’ve never had quite the same experience, but I think I understand. Women complicate life. It’s better without them.”
Eric cocked his head and narrowed his eyes. “You never had a love of your life?” 
Fair enough. Eric had shared with him. He might as well respond in turn. “Might have, I don’t know. There was a woman named Nadya. We were together for a while.”
“What was she like?”
Zinovy leaned back and looked up at the sky. “She was smart and sensible for the most part, hardly ever moody.” He grimaced, trying to avoid the last vision he’d had of her. After a moment he went on. “I came this much close to marrying her.” He measured half an inch between two fingers. 
“Why didn’t you?”
Zinovy shrugged. “A little thing. We had an argument about nothing—a fly that ballooned into an elephant. She wasn’t happy with me. I didn’t know why. It was exasperating. I wanted to pacify her so we could get on with things. I finally asked her what she wanted—how I could please her.” He paused. 
“And?” Eric prodded. 
Zinovy frowned. “She said, ‘I want you to feel something, Zinovy, just feel something,’” Another pause. A longer one this time. Then Zinovy sighed and looked at Eric. “So I said, ‘Okay,’ and reached for her.”
Eric burst out laughing. 
Zinovy sat looking at him for a minute. “It was the wrong response. I never knew the right response with women. Even the most sensible females are a great mystery to me.”
“Speak of the devil . . . ” Eric said. Zinovy looked up and saw Sara walking purposefully across the green toward them.
No, she was walking past them, toward the command center. Zinovy heard the agitation in her voice as she spoke to Archie, who sat working with Grace on the logbook. 
“Something’s wrong, Archie,” Sara said. 

* * *
Zinovy and Eric ambled over to hear Sara’s story. The children had been playing on the edge of the camp near a clump of walnut trees. The thick underbrush provided a fascinating network of imaginary roads for imaginary trucks to navigate, and the three of them were engrossed in road construction when Caleb suddenly stopped and lifted his head. He remained quietly alert, peering past the brush into the oak grove for several minutes. 
Sara was watching him. “What is it, Caleb?”
“I heard a noise,” he said. 
“Was it an animal?” 
“No, it’s not animals. It’s people. They’re walking in there. I can hear them stepping.” He paused, pondering, then he added, “I don’t think they’re good people.”
Sara had immediately gathered the children up, herded them back into the center of the compound, and come to find Archie. “The same thing happened with him at the protectorate, just before the attack,” Sara said. “He senses things.”
 Archie looked up at the two men. “What do you think about this?”
“The kid is sharp. I’d pay attention,” Eric said.
Archie frowned. “The scouts need to be alerted, for sure. Talk to your boys, Zinovy. I don’t know who’s on the roster for tomorrow, but make sure they know. I think we should beef up security around the camp at night, too.” 
That night Archie and Zinovy both circled the camp twice. They found nothing, but Caleb’s warning marked the beginning of a new worry. As if they needed one more, Zinovy thought.
* * *
Events the next morning confirmed Caleb’s premonition. Emery and Mike, who’d won an extra scouting assignment for their prizewinning potluck dessert the night before, had left an hour ahead of the crew. Now they raced back into the clearing, heading for Archie. Zinovy and Eric left the blankets they’d been rolling up and sprinted to join them.
The boys had been scouting about three miles ahead when a large man in ragged clothing rose up out of a berry bush and crashed away through the hedge. The scouting party, stunned at first, recovered quickly and gave chase. “We didn’t catch him,” Mike said. “But look what we found. Emery tripped over it on our way back to the river.” 
Archie reached out and took the butcher knife Emery held in his hand. The sharp-edged blade gleamed in the iridescent air. “This knife is well maintained,” Archie said.
“But not very clean.” Mike pointed to the dark rust color along the seam between the blade and the handle. 
The boy was right. The knife had obviously been used on something other than vegetation. Zinovy grimaced. “The blood is old. It’s worked into the seam pretty well.” 
Mike nodded. “Who knows how long it’s been there.” 
The rust coloring was, in fact, little more than a stain. Archie scraped at it with his thumbnail, but the color remained. “All organic material would have disintegrated,” he said. “But it’s definitely not paint or varnish.”
They discussed what to do with the new acquisition. Archie decided to wrap it up and put it with their medical supplies. “Now at least we have a weapon,” Eric said.
Archie frowned. “Let’s hope we never need to use it.”
That evening Elan alighted upon them again. The word was a strange way to characterize a person’s arrival, but it seemed a good descriptor to Zinovy, since Elan always simply appeared out of nowhere.
“There’s been a new development,” Archie said to Elan. “We’ve run into another pilgrim.” He explained. Elan didn’t appear surprised, but he asked to see the knife. Emery retrieved it from the medical supply chest and handed it to him. Zinovy heard Sara gasp behind him. He turned to see the pallor wash over her face.
“What is it, Sara?” Archie asked.
“I recognize that knife. It’s from the kitchen in my grandfather’s house. It’s one of a matching set. There were two of them.” The ashen color remained, and her eyes reflected the haunted look Zinovy remembered from his first sight of her. 
Elan spoke. His voice was quiet, but serious. “It’s good you know. Now you’ll be more cautious. You don’t need to be afraid. Just proceed as before, but keep a careful eye out.”
After the others had found their beds—much closer together tonight than usual, Zinovy noticed—Elan led Archie and Zinovy aside. Eric followed them. 
“I thought you said this environment was safe,” Archie challenged Elan. 
“Your physical environment is life affirming, but your social environment is another thing. Human beings are always potentially dangerous because of their ability to choose how they will act. Some of the humans you will meet on your journey will choose to do you harm.” 
Elan paused and looked at each of them. Then he went on. “Your care of the women and children is especially important from now on. Because you no longer live in an age of technology, those who are physically smaller are more vulnerable again. You need to keep them close at all times. I know these men.”
“Men?” Archie said.
“Yes, there are more than the one, but they’re cowardly. They won’t bother your group as long as they sense your watchfulness.” Seeing their clouded faces, he added. “Don’t be afraid. All will be well. Just be aware.”
Archie turned to the other two men. “We should be proactive about this. We need to assign responsibility for each of the women. Eric, you keep an eye on Grace. Tell her what you’re doing. She’s a capable woman, but it won’t hurt her to have a bodyguard as well. I’ll talk to Mark so he’s aware for Michelle and the two children. And Zinovy, you can take on Sara and Caleb.” 
Zinovy started to protest, but Archie silenced him. “I know you two have had your problems, but this is important. You’re going to have to put away your petty bickering and make it work.” Then he was off to talk to Mark.
And so it happened that Zinovy and Sara began to spend time together. The situation was uncomfortable, but it made sense, Zinovy admitted. Caleb was already attached like a yo-yo to his side, and Sara was never far from the boy. He resigned himself to the task and prepared to do it diligently.
“You need to stay close to me,” he admonished Sara, when Archie told her about the arrangement. “I can’t run off to look for you every time you feel the need to escape. From now on you must recognize that the enemy is outside the camp, not inside—for the sake of Caleb, if not for your own. Do you understand?” He held her gaze as he spoke. 
Sara’s mouth set in a firm line, but she nodded. Her eyes had not lost their haunted shadows. She looked like an unhappy victim, caught between the devil and the deep blue sea. Zinovy was pretty sure which one of the two evils she considered him to be. This wasn’t going to be an easy assignment.
Their travel and sleeping arrangements shifted slightly to accommodate the new situation. Sara and Caleb now walked by Zinovy’s side, and they rested near him when they stopped along the way. And though she still chose private sleeping quarters, Zinovy always arranged to place his between her and the edge of camp. 
For a time this precaution seemed unnecessary. The travelers settled again into a routine and Zinovy’s life became as normal as it had been since the beginning of this strange expedition. But the hidden danger lingered always at the back of his mind. 
* * *
Adam and his men were back. 
Zinovy found them on the outskirts of the campsite when he and Sara and Caleb returned from gathering supper supplies. When she saw the strange men, Sara disappeared with the boy into the greenery bordering the area they’d chosen to sleep in for the night. Zinovy couldn’t even guess where she was in the shrubbery, so he figured she’d be safe enough for the time being. 
He noticed immediately the difference in the seven men who stepped forward to greet him. The emaciation of the past was gone. “I see you found the river,” Adam said to Zinovy as they met. 
“I was going to say the same to you.” Zinovy smiled and they shook hands.
“We didn’t find the ocean, however. You were right about that. We decided to give up on Miami and head directly toward the new city as well, so we’ll be travelling in the same direction as you folks from here on.” 
Adam and his men had stumbled across the river three days after they’d met the Gaya crew. “A good thing too,” Adam admitted. “I don’t think we would have made it much farther. Ironically, it was the eating of the fruit that carried us even that far. We thought it was so damaging, but it sustained us to the river. Lucky break for us.” 
Zinovy walked with Adam to the command center where Archie stood talking to Carter. Archie greeted the men with a broad smile. “It’s great to see you looking well,” he said, and the four men sat down to compare notes.
“Have you found out anything more about the city?” Archie asked. 
“A little,” Adam said. “Our original assessment hasn’t changed. We’re still concerned. Of course, now we know how the population survives. They have access to the same food sources we do. And the river, we’ve discovered, has its source in the city. It runs out under the walls on all four sides and flows several miles through underground channels before it emerges and begins its journey through the rest of the terrain. As near as we can tell, the tributaries we’re traveling beside have their source there as well.”
“That means we’re on the right track then,” Archie said. “As long as we follow the river upstream we’ll get there.”
“Yes, eventually. There may be shorter routes. We’re investigating that possibility. If any sort of responsible government is to be established in the new world there will have to be changes in the way things are run, and we’d like to get there to implement those changes as soon as possible.” 
“What do you mean, ‘we?’” Carter asked. “Are you talking about just the seven of you?”
Adam laughed. “No, certainly not. We seven are part of a much larger coalition. We call ourselves the ‘Regulus Movement.’” 
“Regulus. As in the star?” Archie asked. 
“That’s right,” Adam said. “In the constellation, Leo. Interestingly enough, it’s also a term relating to the giving of the law. It’s in this sense that we connect with it. One of our concerns is with the elimination of anarchy. We see that as the most immediate problem in the new society, especially out here in the hinterlands. The establishment of a just and effective government is essential, we feel, and the sooner the better. Have you seen any evidence of vandal activity, by the way?”
“We’ve had a few sightings. Recovered a weapon in one instance. We’re taking precautions.” 
Adam nodded. “We’ve had glimpses of them as well. They’re elusive, and potentially dangerous, for sure. It’s good you’re alert.”
Eric walked up just then. “Adam,” Archie said. “I’m not sure you’ve met Eric.”
Adam reached out to shake hands.
“Eric’s our Australian crew member—our engineer. He’s the one who kept us up and running on the station.”
“Ah,” Adam said. “You’re from Down Under. We were just speaking of the hinterlands. You must have been especially disappointed in the destruction of the old world. Kind of put you engineers out of a job, didn’t it? It’s good to meet you, son.”
Eric frowned. “A pleasure, I’m sure,” he said. Zinovy noted he didn’t indicate whose pleasure.
Archie brought the conversation back to the new government: “Do you have current information on how the government is operating in the city?” 
“The latest news is not good, especially in the area of jurisprudence. The justice system, as far as our men have been able to determine, is totally arbitrary. No laws are in effect. There seem to be societal expectations that serve in their place. No one states them aloud, but activity that is not considered politically correct by the government is repressed, mostly by shame and social disapproval. There is no trial by jury. Unacceptable behavior that continues, despite the social pressure, is dealt with quietly and firmly by the bureaucracy. Non-conformists simply disappear. No one knows where they go.”
Zinovy frowned. He’d been intimately involved in the disappearance of a number of political non-conformists in the past and he had a pretty good idea where they’d gone. 
“And the economy. How’s that developing?” Archie continued. 
Adam’s report was not encouraging on the economic front either. “There’s no economic system to speak of, at least that we can determine. There’s no industrial base, no technology, no progress in any of the areas necessary for the functioning of a successfully progressive society. Life is very primitive, at least outside the city walls.”
“How do they function then?”
“They’re doing without. People are eating and power isn’t needed for heat or light, so those deficiencies aren’t noticeable, at least to the masses.”
“What do they live in? I mean, we’re sort of camping, because we’re on the move, but that wouldn’t work in the long run.”
“They’re building houses out of quarried stone—or something like stone. The actual material hasn’t been identified. Lots of homes are going up outside the city walls, but much material is going through the gates as well. It’s obvious a great amount of wealth is going into the central coffers. 
“What’s even worse, the resources appear to be distributed by lower-level, incompetent bureaucrats, who throw the wealth away on trivialities instead of investing in things that would stabilize the whole system. One of their recent building projects is a huge playground just outside the walls. It’s going all around the city, as near as we can tell, in twelve sections, between the gates.”
“Do you have any idea what’s inside?”
Adam shook his head. “One of our men managed to slip through the gates one day, but a guard found him and ushered him out before he had time to discover much. There is a palace. Our guy saw that much. It’s another great waste. Extravagantly adorned. Not showy, but rich—as in costing a lot. Fortunately, there seems to be no end to the wealth. Unfortunately, it has been entrusted to people who will spend it frivolously until the end does come.” 
It was getting late. Zinovy left the discussion to collect supper for the visitors. He went to find Simon and Ruben. The boys were finishing a rough game of football in the center of the compound. “Conrad, have you seen Sara and Caleb?” 
“Humpf. Do we ever see that girl? She runs whenever we’re around. But I do seem to remember seeing her head off with the Muellers. I think they were taking the kids off somewhere for supper tonight.”
Zinovy wasn’t surprised and he wasn’t worried. Mark was capable of taking care of the others. They set to work getting supper, which amounted to putting the vegetation they’d harvested out on a flat area the size of a picnic table in the middle of the compound. 
“Emery, go find more of these crunchy things. Get more of those fat leaves too. We have seven other mouths to feed tonight.”
“We won’t need a lot more if the others are away,” Emery pointed out.
“Well, these are big guys. Get more of the leaves, at least. I’m going back to the conference.”




CHAPTER FIFTEEN
The weekly crew meeting was scheduled for that evening. The Canaveral boys, who’d been away in pursuit of a tribe of monkeys they’d seen when they first stopped for the night, gathered in the center of the compound, curious to find out what they’d missed while they were gone. Archie asked Adam to bring them up to date, then the briefing took up where it had left off. Zinovy finished tidying the eating area and wandered over to join in.
“If you want to change a regime you have to emasculate the bureaucracy,” Adam was saying as Zinovy approached. Adam glanced up and smiled, moving over to make room beside him. Then he continued. “The bureaucracy is always where the real power is, especially in systems that have been in place for any length of time.”
“But bureaucrats don’t have the political clout. It’s the politics that matters in the end. At least in more democratic forms of government,” Archie said.
“Theoretically, political power should be greater in democracies,” Adam conceded. “But sometimes the opposite happens. In democracies, governments change at the whim of the voters, but bureaucrats don’t. They’re usually protected by seniority, and they’re necessary. If they weren’t in place during changeovers the structure could not be effectively maintained.” 
Adam summed up: “The bureaucracy has power at the grass roots. They have their fingers in everything that matters. Infrastructure—infrastructure is everything, and bureaucrats maintain it.” He grinned and added, “You might say, the political power is just the head on top of the beer. The bureaucratic system is where all the gusto is.”
Zinovy spoke up then. “So you’re saying the Regulus movement will go after the bureaucracy of this regime? How will that work? Seems a daunting task. Where do you begin?” He was thinking of the bulky, convoluted bureaucracy in his homeland. Taking it down would be like deconstructing a mountain, boulder by boulder. Only the boulders would be moving, and fighting back.
“You’re right. It will be a daunting task, even in this case where the bureaucratic framework is so young, but it’s the only way. And in this instance, where the government is so weak, it will be most effective. Once the bureaucracy is down, the whole regime will fall like a house of cards.”
“What makes you think the regime is weak?” Eric wanted to know.
“From what our observers have told us the ruler is incompetent. He has no understanding of the importance of internal surveillance or accountability. He gives great autonomy to his minions. He chooses people indiscriminately and just turns them loose. These are the people who make the decisions. They’re the ones we need to go after.”
“How will you do it?” Zinovy asked again. “You’ll have to address them one by one if the organization is so loose.”
“That’s what we’ll do. It will take time and it won’t be easy. It’s kind of like the power in this situation is contained in a sieve, leaking out all the holes. We’re going to have to go after the holes and eliminate them, one by one, coming at it from the bottom up.” 
“What’s your strategy?” Zinovy was still not clear on how this would work.
“We’ll use espionage and propaganda, and a whole lot of manpower. I think we’re going to be able to round up enough. The survivors we’re finding are desperate for work.”
Zinovy’s thoughts were arrested by the espionage and propaganda strategy. “Intimidation? Will it play a part?”
“Do you mean physical intimidation?” 
Zinovy nodded. 
“Only as a last resort. Physical intimidation doesn’t bring about a permanent change in any government. History has proven that, as you probably well know, Zinovy.” Adam studied the ground, then added, “Physical force might be necessary at the end, to topple the central powers. But, until then, persuasion and rational argument—enlightened discussions like the one we’re having right now—that will be the approach. The pen is mightier than the sword, as they say.”
Adam was light years ahead of Elan when it came to understanding human government and society. Zinovy thought back to an earlier conversation he’d had with Elan. He’d asked, straight out, how the economy worked in the new regime. Elan had seemed surprised at the question. “People just take what they need and leave what they don’t,” he said. That had been the sum total of his explanation. 
Zinovy had averted his eyes, trying to hide his skepticism. Elan’s penetrating gaze always made him uncomfortable. But Elan had moved on, as if everything significant had been said about the subject. Zinovy glanced at the earnest man by his side, comparing the two persons. Adam won, hands down, in intelligence and common sense. 
The light faded. Archie yawned and stretched. “I’m off to bed,” he said. “Will we see you in the morning?”
“Probably not. The men have found digs further upriver. I’ll be going soon to join them. We want to get an early start tomorrow.”
“Good-night, then. I hope we meet again.”
“We will, I’m sure. We’re still moving slowly, doing some recruiting along the way. We’ll be moving faster once we’ve laid the ground work.”
Archie left and the others followed. Adam stayed, sitting cross-legged on the ground, twirling a twig between his thumb and forefinger. Zinovy stayed with him, still thinking about the conversation. 
Presently Adam spoke. “Zinovy, you know we’re looking for men—good men—to be involved in this thing. We need grunt workers, lots of them, but we also need a few who have what it takes to be at the forefront of the movement.” He glanced at Zinovy out of the corner of his eye. “I think you’re one of those men.” 
When Zinovy didn’t answer right away he added, “There’s something else. Another reason I think you might fit in so well.” He paused. “I hesitate to bring it up.” Zinovy looked at him and waited. “I’m not a superstitious person,” Adam continued, “but there’s an interesting prophetic twist to this thing. I don’t know how much you know about Regulus—the star, I mean, but there are astrological implications.”
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. 
“I know,” Adam went on. “But hear me out. There’s a prophecy that speaks of the star, Regulus, bringing about a change in the legal system on earth—one that will contribute to the well being of the whole world. That’s exactly what our movement is about.”
“But I don’t see any connection—”
Adam interrupted. “There may be none,” he said. “But the prophecy also says this legal transformation will come about through cooperation between Russia and the United States.”
He paused, for effect, then he continued, “You, Zinovy, are Russia.”
“And you are the United States?”
Adam shrugged. “Perhaps. The coincidence is intriguing.”
“I’m a materialist.” 
“I know. So am I. But there are elements of this movement—people from other cultural backgrounds—who are superstitious. A certain amount of leniency—tolerance, if you will—is required. Some of the people I’m working with need the reassurance of the supernatural, at least in the beginning. They place a lot of stock in the prophecies. There’s more to it, even, than what I’ve told you. I won’t go into it now. But I hope I’ve at least piqued your interest.”
They sat a while longer. Adam was silent, allowing time for his words to settle in. Finally he changed the subject. “You know, I think I’ve figured out what happened to the Earth.” Zinovy turned to the other man with interest. Adam broke the twig in his hands and tossed it away. “I think we were hit by an asteroid.”
“An asteroid?” Zinovy had considered that theory and discarded it. “It would have to have been a damn big one. How could the earth have survived?”
“This kind of thing has happened in the past. Things aren’t always destroyed when asteroids come, they’re just changed. You’re a scientist. You know the theory that an asteroid might have led to the extinction of the dinosaurs. I think it’s happened again. We’ve been fortunate to survive the change. In fact, it was a fortuitous event all around in my opinion—an event that has advanced the evolutionary process tremendously.”
“How so?”
“I believe the triumph of secular humanism is at hand, finally. It almost came seven years ago. When the Supreme Commander took over and ushered in the New Era, many of us believed the evolutionary process had brought us to rational rule, at last.”
“And had it not?” Zinovy realized he was asking a lot of questions.
“What do you think? Remember how it worked? Or didn’t work. In the end, lawlessness was rampant. He made a good attempt. There were advances. Secularization of society was a huge step. But there were still too many obstacles, and the humanist element was missing. That was the big problem. We believe the Regulus movement will be able to provide that missing link—to complete the process." 
Adam took the blade of grass he’d been chewing on out of his mouth and crushed it between his fingers. “The astronomical event cleared the way.” He looked up and grinned. “So you might say the future was in the stars after all.”
Adam must have seen the hesitation on Zinovy’s face. “Think about it,” he said. “I’ll be back. We can talk more then.” He clapped a friendly hand on Zinovy’s shoulder and stood to go. 
Zinovy stopped him. “Hold on. I want to ask one more thing. I know you said you can’t give out information on what you hear through your network about the old regime, but can you verify information for me if I give it to you?”
Adam frowned. “Possibly. What did you want to know?”
Zinovy stood up and put his hands in his pockets. “I’d like to know if you’ve ever heard the name, Anton Vasiliev. He worked for the FSB at St. Petersburg. Do you know, by any chance, if he survived the event?”
Adam studied the ground, his brows knitted. “The name doesn’t ring a bell. I haven’t been in contact with him. But that doesn’t mean he didn’t survive.” He looked up. “Why do you ask?”
Again, the image of Nadya, broken and bleeding, flashed before Zinovy’s eyes. Would the crimson splashes of blood ever become less vivid? He shuddered inwardly, but outwardly he shrugged. “No particular reason. He was someone I worked with before I went to the space station. I wondered if he was still around, that’s all.”
Adam nodded. “I know what you mean. We lost a lot of good friends in that catastrophe. But we have to carry on and make the best of what’s left.”
He reached out to shake Zinovy’s hand. “I’ll see you soon. We need to talk further.” Zinovy nodded a curt good-bye and headed off to find Sara and Caleb. He was nearly out of earshot when Adam called to him. “Oh, Zinovy, there’s one thing I didn’t mention.” He trotted over and lowered his voice. “I don’t know if this matters to you, but joining us would be financially advantageous as well. We have funds to promote our cause.”
Zinovy was surprised at the mention of money. It had been a long time since he’d even thought about finances. “What kind of funds?” he asked, curious.
“They’re solid. We have gold reserves. We’re planning, once the regime change occurs, to re-institute the old currency system. We can make you a wealthy man, Zinovy.” He studied the Russian’s face for a moment, then turned and went without pressing the matter further.
Adam’s parting words had no impact on Zinovy. His financial needs had always been minimal, his income more than adequate. Part of his salary had gone to support his aunt during the last years of her life. She was a widow by the time he started earning, and his two older cousins had been killed in the Syrian campaign of the last war. The small government stipend she received after their deaths had been inadequate to provide for her, and to support the drinking habits of the one son who had survived. Another large part of Zinovy’s earnings had gone to a young girl who’d lost her fiancé in an unfortunate incident for which Zinovy felt some responsibility. 
But he’d stopped the support to his family when his aunt died, leaving his cousin to fend for himself. And three years later the vouchers he sent to the girl began to be returned unredeemed. He finally quit sending them. After that the salary had simply collected in his account, with minimal draws to cover the cost of basic necessities. Money wasn’t an incentive for Zinovy. 
But the challenge of the proposal intrigued him. If they survived—if the human race survived—there would be a need for effective government. The chance to be involved—to be a part of putting it in place and making it work—that would be a meaningful way to spend whatever time he had left. Regulus was an option he would consider. 
There was something reassuring about having a viable option again, after he’d completed the mission he was already on. Maybe the two could even go together.
Sara and Caleb had found beds on the edge of the compound, probably to avoid the meeting noise. He chose a spot near them and settled down for the night. It was late, but tomorrow was a rest day. He decided he’d sleep in for a change. 
* * *
In what seemed like minutes it was morning. Early morning. 
A few gregarious birds greeted the day. Zinovy woke slowly—enjoying the luxury beneath him—the downy softness of the green tuft of his bed. He wiggled the toes on his left foot, testing, as he had almost every morning since they’d landed, to see if he was still alive. He was. 
What had wakened him? It wasn’t the birdsong. Something else. Ah, yes. It must have been the pin-prick indentations pattering up the valley between his arm and his right side. Now they danced around on the plateau between his shoulder blades, then turned and scurried back down to the ground beside him. 
He lay unmoving, determined not to be disturbed. A small animal. Bigger than a mouse, but smaller than a rabbit. A squirrel, he was sure. He opened one eye and gazed through the deep, wavering rose of the morning air at a small knee resting in the cradle of a couple of arms two feet away from his nose. Below the cradle was a suitably sized bare shin, and a row of five toes tapped an impatient rhythm in the moss beside Zinovy’s bed. He closed the eye again. This little living alarm clock was going off earlier every morning. 
He knew it was early by the hue of the rainbow-colored air. Early morning tints were darker, deeper—not less colorful, but distinctly richer. He was almost able, by now, to make an educated guess at the time by the richness of the tone. These tints indicated about 06:00.
He cautiously reopened his left eye, feeling the indentations thrum up his sleeve once again. This time they hesitated only slightly, then traveled across his shoulders, down past the crook of his left arm, over the mossy ground and up onto the cradled arms of the alarm clock. 
A fluff of tail brushed the boy’s face as the tiny paws burrowed industriously into the small, loose fist where the remainder of the cache of seeds lay. 
“Hi, Novy,” said Caleb, leaning over, filling Zinovy’s field of vision with two twinkling brown orbs. 
“‘Zi-novy’, Caleb,” the sleepy man corrected. “Don’t talk like a baby.”
“Za-novy,” repeated the boy, mimicking the accented first syllable obediently.
“Go back to bed, Caleb. It’s too early to get up.”
“But he woke me up. He was hungry.” Zinovy caught a glimpse of the boy’s hand stroking the squirrel’s back before his eye went shut again. 
It was a lost cause. Experience had taught him that when Caleb woke, the situation never reversed itself. Zinovy finally rolled over, pulled himself up, and the two went off in search of breakfast.
* * *
When breakfast was over, Caleb ran off for a swim with the Mueller children and Zinovy took his book down by the river where he could keep an eye on them.
Sara wandered over and sat down. She’d seemed more relaxed with him lately, maybe because he’d done his best to ignore her. It wasn’t entirely possible, since she and the boy were in his care—‘custody,’ she called it—but as long as she was in sight, he could more or less pretend she wasn’t there. 
Ignoring her wasn’t that easy to do today, though. She was in a talkative mood. He buried his nose in his book, wanting to finish the section he was reading before dinner. He must have given her some response, however, because she was asking, “Do you think it could have something to do with God?” 
He had no idea what ‘it’ was, but he knew the answer to the question. “There is no God.”
“Oh really? You use his name a lot.”
“It is a slang expression,” he explained without looking up.
She was quiet for a full five minutes before she interrupted him again, “You know, sometimes it’s like you’re in your own little world—not the real one at all,” she said. He rolled his eyes. The reading was obviously not going to happen. He put the book in his lap, marking the place with a finger, just in case. 
The temptation to say there was no such thing as a ‘real’ world flitted through his mind. Adam had stirred a hunger in him for intelligent conversation, but any attempt at philosophical debate would be lost on her. She continued to study him, though, as if she expected a reply. 
He studied her as well, noting the direct gaze and the quizzical tilt to her right eyebrow, and decided to respond. It couldn’t hurt.
 “There’s no such thing as a real world,” he said. “People create their own reality.” Then he resolutely closed his book and prepared to enter her innocent, childlike world for a while. He was amazed at her naivete—repelled somewhat by it, yet drawn—curious. 
But she was not quite ready to leave his world. She sat up, skewered him with a look of disdain, and said, “That’s nonsense. Reality cannot be created by people. People can only create their own perception of reality, and that’s an entirely different thing.” 
He blinked, almost squinting against the fire in the gaze she returned. He straightened. This was not the language of a child. He decided to respond to the challenge he read in her eyes.
“What are the ‘bright ones’ then? Are they ‘real’, or are they just Caleb’s perception of reality?” Then he added one more possibility: “Or are they perhaps real, but just invisible?” He folded his arms. 
Sara turned over onto her stomach, plucked a blade of grass and began worrying it between her teeth. Skipping over his first two suggestions, she went directly to the third. “It’s not that they’re invisible,” she said. “You just can’t see them.” 
“Isn’t that the same?” 
“No, it’s not.” Her brow furrowed. “It’s not the same. Something can be visible without our being able to see it. It’s there, it’s real, but we look past it. That happens all the time.” 
She squinted up at him, pulling the limp piece of grass from her teeth. “Just think of all that goes on around us that we don’t notice. Insects crawling through the grass, water creeping up the stems of plants, birds preening in their nests above us. Even things that happen under our noses we can miss if our thoughts are elsewhere.” She peeked around him, then looked back and grinned. “You don’t know everything, you know.”
Two grubby hands reached around from behind and fastened over Zinovy’s eyes. “Guess who,” Caleb said, clambering over his shoulder and tumbling into his arms. They wrestled, then Caleb was off again. 
Zinovy wasn’t prepared to let the discussion end. He needed to clarify the basic flaw in her argument. “All things you spoke of were physical things—things that can be seen by the eyes if we pay attention. The ‘bright ones’—what Caleb sees—that’s a whole other matter. If such beings were real, it should be obvious to us.”
“Maybe not.” She cocked her head and grinned at him. “You’re right about the physical thing. I was teasing you.” He frowned and she went on. “But what if there really are non-physical realities that cannot be perceived by our physical senses?” 
Zinovy studied Sara, sprawled on her belly in the warm grass, propped on her elbows, feet intertwined above her, gently rocking back and forth over her lithe body. She was staring into the distance now. He had the uncanny feeling she was looking at things he couldn’t even imagine. 
“Eric was right,” he said, half to himself. “You do have a brain.” 
She transferred her gaze to his eyes, then looked away. “Learning has always come easy.” 
He thought about her heritage. How much did she know? How much would she tell him? “Do you know anything about your father?” he asked. 
Sara stiffened and sat up abruptly. Zinovy thought she would get up and leave. She didn’t, but the reserve in her posture told him the conversation was over. Then she turned and responded with a directness that surprised him. 
“Do you mean the man who raped my mother?” She paused long enough to make her point, then looked away again and went on. “He was down from college for spring break. He did it on a dare. A frat house prank. Then he went back to Yale and became a Rhodes Scholar.” Her body slumped, the challenge gone. 
It didn’t make sense, Zinovy mused. “The man had to have intelligence,” he said, thinking out loud. But what he had done . . . 
As if in response to his thoughts she said, “There’s a difference between intelligence and wisdom. Intelligent people can be fools, you know.”
“That’s an oxymoron.”
“No, it’s not. Intelligence is the ability to think and know. It’s in the mind. Wisdom is in the heart. It’s the ability to discern goodness and to embrace it. My father might have been intelligent, but he was a fool.”
They were quiet for a moment. “Do you know that for sure?”
She rolled onto her back again and gazed into the sky. “No, I guess not.” She lay there, her brows knit. “But it was a foolish thing he did.” 
Zinovy agreed, but he couldn’t help thinking, perplexed as he was at the possibility, how much good had come out of this man’s evil. The goodness was filling his senses at the moment.
“Isn’t that Plato you’re reading?” she asked, her eyes following the flight of an eagle soaring almost beyond their view. Then, without waiting for a response she went on: “I agree with him. The Idea is the reality. But I don’t think the Idea is impersonal. Like I was trying to say before when you weren’t listening, I think the Idea might be God.” 
The morning was gone and Caleb came back. Sara jumped to her feet, grabbed his hand and ran off to join the other children at the river. Zinovy stared after her for a long time.
* * *
“There’s been another sighting.” 
They’d traveled two days without incident, but now Archie summoned Zinovy and Eric to the group of trees he’d chosen as headquarters for the night. It was early evening and they’d just arrived, coming abruptly upon the scouts who’d been waiting uneasily in a clump of bushes by the river. 
The sighting had occurred in the late afternoon, as Mike and Conrad were about to end their scouting for the day. “We decided not to come back and tell you,” Conrad said. “You were only an hour behind us and the vandals were heading upriver, so we thought it would be better to stay and keep an eye on things here until you came.” Now the two stood, shifting from one foot to the other, giving the details to the three older men.
“Did they see you?” Zinovy asked.
“No. We saw them first and hid quick.”
“What were they doing?” Eric asked.
“I think they were getting water. They were on the riverbank, then they moved up and off into the shrubbery over there.” Mike pointed away from the river to a clump of foliage nearby.
“What made you think they were going upriver?” Archie asked.
The boys looked at each other. “I don’t know,” Mike said. “It just didn’t look like they were heading back toward you all so we didn’t think too much about it.”
Just then Grace joined them. “Zinovy, have you seen Sara? She was with me when we stopped, but she wandered off and I haven’t seen her since. Caleb is here, but he doesn’t know where she is either. I’m kind of worried. It’s been—”
Zinovy swore. “Where were you when she went?” he snapped.
Grace pointed behind them. “Back there, by the river, about—” 
Zinovy was off before she’d finished her sentence, running toward the shrubbery by the riverbank. He burst into the brush and nearly tripped over Sara, who was just pulling up her jeans.
He grabbed her arm. “Where have you been?”
“I’ve been using the facilities. Do you mind?”
In passing, it registered that this was the first time he had touched her since their meeting. She was obviously rattled by his forcefulness, her flesh seeming to shrink under his hand, but he was shaken too, and he held on, determined to make his point. “You need to say if you’re going off, remember? Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because you weren’t around. You were with Caleb at the moment and I was in a hurry.” She wrested her arm from his grasp. “What is your problem? You’re so uptight about everything. Take a pill, will you?” 
With difficulty, he controlled the urge to throttle her. Instead, he leaned down into her face and spoke deliberately, enunciating his words: “I was afraid something had happened to you. You remember, do you not, that there are enemies around?” 
“Yes I remember. I can’t forget. I’m reminded every time you open your mouth at me.”
“Do not sass me, young lady. If you had sense you would realize who is the real enemy and would not make yourself so hard to take care of. You could die out here.” 
“Take care of,” she repeated. “That’s crap. You don’t care about me. You only care about your job. It’s your job to watch me. If I died it would mean you had failed at your job, and you’d die before you’d admit you were a failure at anything.” 
She straightened up, put her hands on her hips, and bellowed into his face: “You do not control me. Get that in your head. You want to control everything. Well, I’ll tell you something. You can’t. You’re not God. You can’t control anything. And you’ll never control me. I am my own person.” 
Zinovy recoiled, stung by her accusation. He cast around for a reply that was sufficiently withering. Finally he said, “You’re right about one thing. You are your own person. You certainly don’t belong to anyone else. No one else would have you.”
He was shocked by her reaction. Her hands dropped to her sides; her shoulders slumped. Her eyes narrowed and then filled with tears. He found himself wanting to back up—to start over—to swallow the words he’d just said. But he couldn’t. They were out, and they had been sufficiently withering.
The anguish lasted for only a second, then she was herself again. The fire in her eyes flashed through her tears, scalding him. “You beast.” She spit the words out. “You’re just like my father. You don’t care about anyone but yourself.” Then she turned on her heel and marched toward camp, back straight, chin in the air. 
 Exasperated, he yelled after her. “I am not your father, Sara.” 
She continued walking. He watched her for a moment, then added, “You should be glad I’m not. If I were your father I’d put you over my knee and spank your behind.” 
Zinovy shook his head as he stomped back toward camp, muttering under his breath. It occurred to him that the role of an assassin was far easier than the role of a protector. Reaching the edge of the compound, he looked up to find Eric leaning against an ash tree, arms folded across his chest, grinning at him. “Having woman problems again, Mate?”
Zinovy kept walking and Eric fell in beside him. “I’m going to find a latrine,” Zinovy announced. “Are you coming with me?” 
“Sure. I could use a latrine.”
The kid was incorrigible. 
“I’ve been wanting to tell you, remember when we were talking about our girlfriends?”
Zinovy grunted. 
“I’ve been reading this religious book my girlfriend gave me just before she died.” He reached in his shirt pocket and pulled out the little red book.
Zinovy stopped and glared at him. “Religious book? You have a religious book?” Eric nodded. “Why didn’t you tell us when we planned the funerals?” 
“I forgot.” 
Zinovy started on again, Eric at his heels. “I had it stuck away in my kit. It was more of a souvenir, a kind of good luck charm. She gave it to me one day when we were arguing about her religion. I glanced through it at the time, but never opened it again until now. I’ve been reading it on this trip.” Eric looked down at the paperback in his hand and riffled through the pages. “It’s interesting,” he said. 
“You think everything is ‘interesting’.” 
“Well, most everything is. But this is something else again. I don’t know why I didn’t notice before.”
“What do you mean?” 
“It’s kind of hard to explain. You should probably just read it for yourself. I’ll loan it to you when I’m done with it,” he offered. “Or, hey. Some of us are studying it together. You could hang out with us next time we read it.” He looked embarrassed. “I mean if you’re bored or something.” 
“Thanks,” Zinovy replied. “I’ll take a rain check on that.” 
Zinovy wasn’t bored. Restless, maybe, but not bored. Life was still too unsettled. He woke up every morning reviewing the problems they might encounter during the day. At this particular moment there were none, but . . . . As soon as the thought entered his brain, alarm bells went off. If there had been any wood around he would have knocked on it.
* * *
They were four hours into their journey the next day when it happened. Archie was leading the way, as usual. The group had spread out and Archie sent Zinovy back to check on the stragglers. The boys had taken Caleb for the morning and Zinovy was alarmed when he realized how far behind they were. He found them stopped beside a tamarind tree staring up at the sky. 
“Look.” Caleb spoke from his perch on Graham’s shoulders, pointing to the top branches of a tall tree. “Up there. There’s three of them.”
“Three what?” Zinovy asked.
Mike pointed. “Monkeys. We’ve found monkeys again.”
Zinovy let out an exasperated sigh. “Is that what’s keeping you? Didn’t you notice how far behind you are? Where’s Raheem? Raheem, you were supposed to lead this pack of layabouts. What’s happened to you? We’ll never get anywhere this way. If you can’t watch animals and walk at same time you need to forget the watching and do the walking. Now hightail it. Archie’s impatient with the dawdling.” 
He fell in behind them to make sure his orders were followed, and within minutes they’d reached the tail end of the group ahead. “Now put Caleb down,” Zinovy said. “He needs to walk more. He doesn’t get tired enough.” 
Zinovy pushed forward to report to Archie. He reached the commander’s side just as Simon and Ruben came racing into camp. They’d been scouting ahead, and Zinovy hadn’t expected to see them until suppertime. Something had gone wrong.




CHAPTER SIXTEEN
The two boys were talking at once. “Hold on,” Archie commanded. “One at a time.”
Simon took a deep breath and spoke: “We found some blood,” he blurted. 
“Lots,” Ruben said.
Archie looked at Zinovy, then back at the two panting boys. “Details. Give us the details. Where did you find it?”
“Simon was taking a leak in the bushes,” Ruben said. “If we hadn’t stopped there we might have passed by without seeing. He saw the blood on the shrubs in front of him. I thought he was peeing blood when he first told me. It damn near scared the life out of me, but the blood was on the bushes already.”
Simon chimed in. “There was a trail of blood leading away from the river. Ruben thought we should follow it, but I said we should come back and tell you first.”
“How fresh?” Archie asked.
“Pretty fresh,” Ruben said. “I mean, you know things like that don’t last long in this atmosphere. It was still wet.”
Archie looked at Zinovy again. “You’d better go with them and check it out. I’ll wait here with the others. No sense in taking them all into the middle of something messy.”
Zinovy hesitated. “I’ll stay with the others. It might be better if you went.”
“No. It makes more sense for you to go. If there’s trouble ahead you’re better able to deal with it. You’re our military, Zinovy. Your hands are the best weapon we’ve got.”
“Can I go too?” Eric asked. 
“Yes, do. If there’s trouble Zinovy shouldn’t face it alone.” 
The bloody trail began a hundred meters upriver. The boys had left a handkerchief at the spot and within minutes they stumbled onto the place. Zinovy snatched the marker from the branch and studied the crimson-tainted greenery.
The boys and Eric looked at him. “We’d better follow it,” he said, frowning. 
Blood was everywhere—a steady stream on the ground and great bursts of it on the bushes along the way, as if a beating heart had been carried, raw, through the underbrush. The crew followed the splashes, growing brighter and more abundant as they went, until, suddenly, they pressed through a thick copse of aspen trees and came upon the scene. Zinovy glanced at the five dead lions before him, then he swung away and donated his breakfast to the squirrels. When he turned back, Eric was watching him, eyebrows raised. Zinovy frowned again. 
The male had been killed first from the look of it. He was lying at the edge of the massacre site. The lioness lay behind him a short distance away. She had obviously tried to defend her three cubs. Their bodies sprawled awkwardly on the grass near their mother. One lean arm of the lioness was draped over the smallest of the three, whose severed throat still oozed a deep, red slurry of saliva and blood onto the ground beside its limp paw. 
There was no sign that the lions had attacked first. The adults had fought hard, but the pose of the corpses was defensive, and the cubs lying around them would not have been a threat to anyone strong enough to inflict this kind of damage. The crimson stains splattered over the scene appeared to come only from the brutalized bodies of the lions. It was a senseless slaughter—a bloody travesty done to a family of beautiful animals. Zinovy went down on one knee, a vision of tiny dead chicks swimming before his eyes. 
Simon and Ruben stared, transfixed. 
Eric stepped over to the body of the large male and stooped down. He examined the gaping hole in the lion’s chest, then he looked at Zinovy. 
“What kind of weapon, do you think?” 
Zinovy was still swallowing. He shook his head. 
“The second butcher knife?” 
 “Possibly.” Zinovy forced himself to join Eric beside the body. 
Eric went on, “The throat wounds are vicious, but the chest wounds in the male look almost surgical. An incision down the breastbone, and clean slices around the edge of the chest cavity, where the heart was.” 
“I don’t think a butcher knife did this. It would take a much stronger blade to cut through ribs. Stronger and more pointed, I think.” 
“It was a ceremonial killing.” 
Zinovy started and whirled around. Elan stood quietly beside the boys. A thundercloud loomed above his eyes and lightning darted from the pupils. Later, when those lightning flashes were directed at him, Zinovy would remember the shiver of fear that flashed through him at the sight of those eyes that day.
“You’d better get back to camp,” Elan said. And he disappeared.
For once, Zinovy was inclined to follow the man’s instructions. He turned to go, glad to put the scene behind him. 
He took one step then halted. The shrubbery by his foot quivered. He leaned down and parted the branches of a spineless holly bush and there, eyes closed as if in deep mourning, was a lion cub. The cub’s mouth opened and a muted sorrow poured from his tiny throat. Zinovy reached out and gathered the small form into his arms. 
The others watched in silence. Eric finally said, “What do we do with him?”
Zinovy considered. Again, it struck him how much easier it was to kill than to protect. He looked down at the cub, cold and trembling in his arms. “We take him home,” he said. Then he tucked the orphan under his shirt and headed out, acutely aware of the frantic beat of the little heart pounding so close to his own.
“Archie might not approve,” Simon said.
“To hell with Archie,” Zinovy muttered. 
* * *
Sara sat with Caleb under a coconut tree, snuggling close as much for her own comfort as for his.
“When will Novy come back?” Caleb asked.
“I don’t know, honey. Probably soon. We just have to be patient.”
“What’s ‘patient’?” 
Her explanation was a temporary distraction. By the time she’d finished the men had returned. She watched from her place under the tree, holding Caleb back until Zinovy had finished talking to Archie. They spoke for some time, then Zinovy looked around. 
She avoided his glance. They’d walked together since their spat, but the air between them now glittered with more than the radiant colors of the rainbow. The silence between them would have been excruciating if Caleb had not filled it with his constant chatter. 
Caleb extracted himself from her grasp and ran to Zinovy. Sara studied the Russian’s rugged face, watching it soften as he stooped down. She couldn’t reconcile the gentleness as he spoke to the boy with the harshness he usually lavished on her.
Caleb listened for a while, head bowed. Then he looked up, his face beaming. He reached out, took something from Zinovy’s hands, turned on his heel and ran back to her. In his clutches was a tiny lion cub, feet flailing, fuzzy head bobbing with the movement of the boy’s awkward gait. Caleb screeched to a halt and thrust the little animal into her arms.
“Look, Sara. Look what Novy gave me. It’s a present he found in the forest.” He danced around, jostling the lion cub in his excitement, unable to keep his hands away for long. Finally he snatched the cub from her and ran off to show the others.
Sara looked over at Zinovy, who stood watching the boy present his treasure to Alex. Where on earth . . . ? She wasn’t the only one with questions. Everyone headed in Caleb’s direction. 
After the scouts had told their story, Sara drew Caleb away from the crowd. He needed to eat something, but he was too excited to settle down. She plucked an apple and placed it in his one free hand. As she sat down to munch on her own, she pondered. This man was a mystery. How could a person be so obnoxious, yet sometimes be so hard to dislike? 
* * *.
Two days had passed since the cub had joined their party. There were side benefits to the new arrangement. Caleb was so absorbed in his new pet that he no longer hung on Zinovy’s arm. He named the cub Aslan, after the lion in his birthday book, and the two became inseparable.
“You need some way to carry him,” Simon said. He took one of his tee shirts and created a sling that fit nicely over Caleb’s shoulder. The cub rode in style from then on, napping most of the day, emerging rested and ready to play when they stopped for the night. 
The Canaveral crew were as enamored with the little lion as Caleb was. 
“Can we have Caleb this afternoon?” Ruben asked Zinovy as they packed up from their lunch stop on the second day of their journey after discovering the lion kill. “We’ll take good care of him.” 
“No. I want him nearby.”
“We’ll stay near you then. Just let him walk with us for a while. We’ll be right in front of you, okay?” Simon pleaded. 
Zinovy relented. The boys took Caleb and moved ahead a few paces, but Zinovy’s eyes followed them. The lion kill had heightened his anxiety. Somewhere out there vicious men lurked, with no compunctions about killing innocent animals. Innocent people could be next.
Sara had remained aloof since their fight, but he didn’t care. He’d told her again, sternly, that both she and the boy had to stay within arms reach of him at all times. This was perhaps a little extreme, and they did stray farther than that, but the tether had been shortened. Sara tugged on the line constantly, but she tested his limits only so far. 
It was impossible, under the circumstances, for them to remain silent. Gradually they began speaking again, stepping adroitly around the topic of their latest quarrel, each tacitly agreeing to leave that incident behind them. But it took time.
Zinovy’s unease about the killing of the lions delayed the reconciliation. He had nightmares about the blood. He needed to exorcise the vision from his mind—replace it with a saner one. He looked around him for that saner vision and saw the girl, striding silently by his side. Her vitality was certainly a contrast to the death scene that haunted his dreams. 
He frowned down at her and said, “Tell me about yourself.”
She appeared as surprised as he at the abrupt question. She cocked her head and studied him for a moment, then she smiled at the ground and said, “There’s not much to tell. I’ve lived a pretty uneventful life.” 
“Surviving the end of the world is not uneventful,” he pointed out. “How did that happen? You never told us.”
She frowned. “I don’t know. I honestly don’t. We just went to sleep one night and woke up the next morning in this new world.”
“Adam said it was a great earthquake that lasted half an hour. You don’t remember any of that?”
She shook her head. “We were exhausted.” She sneezed, wiped her nose on her sleeve, and went on: “We’d traveled a couple days from the protectorate, then we stopped for that one last night, and when we woke up everything had changed. The next day—or maybe two days later, I don’t remember for sure—we came upon the clearing and saw your shuttle.”
“And I saw you,” he said. “Out the window.”
She looked up at him. “You did?”
He nodded. Then he chuckled. “I thought I was losing my mind.” They walked on a few steps and he added, “I still think that sometimes.”
He looked down and caught her studying his face. “You know what I think?” she said. 
“What?”
“I think you think too much.”
He laughed out loud this time. “Too much Plato?”
“Yes. Definitely too much Plato.”
“What’s wrong with Plato?”
“Nothing, to a point. But Plato can only take you so far. You have to go the rest of the way without thinking so hard.”
That would be impossible, of course. She was talking nonsense, but her banter had lightened his mind. “But you,” he said. “Surely you think sometimes, even if you disdain the process. What do you think about?”
She sobered. “I think about the past a lot.”
“Is that pleasant?”
“Not usually. I think back too far, I guess.”
“To your beginnings?”
She nodded.
“What is the thing that drives you?” 
She answered immediately. “What drives me is anger.” 
Her candor surprised him. She looked stunned herself. “I don’t know why I said that.”
“Maybe because it is true.” He waited, then asked: “What angers you?” 
She straightened. “I will never forgive the man who raped my mother.” 
They walked for a while in silence. “It’s an amazing thing you’re even here.” Zinovy finally said.
“What do you mean?” 
 “Well, why didn’t they just . . . ” He paused.
She looked up, her head cocked in that distinctive manner he was becoming accustomed to. “Abort?” she finished for him. 
He nodded. “Better for your mother, I would think.”
She looked down. “It didn’t occur to them she might be pregnant. They thought she was sterile. It was four months before anyone noticed.” 
“But even then—” He hurried to amend the thought: “I mean, it’s good they didn’t, but I’m surprised. It would have been—” 
“Yes,” she said, finishing his sentence. “It would have been the most sensible solution.” 
He studied her, alive and wholesome—perfectly formed as far as he could tell—and the words she’d echoed—his words—suddenly sounded hollow. 
“Zinovy, what do you think?” Her eyebrows drew down. “If all other considerations were out of the way—what was best for the woman, or society, or even for the child—if there were never any reason for ending a pregnancy . . . ” She paused, as if her thoughts were forming as she spoke. “If nothing else mattered, when would you say a fetus becomes a human being?” She squinted up at him again. “What would be the most logical assumption?”
It was a serious question. He had to think about it. When he didn’t answer immediately, she went on: “Killing a human being is murder, no matter how old it is, right? What if a human being is created at conception?”
Zinovy’s past rose up before him. He decided to ignore the first question, and respond to the second. “No one knows when a human being becomes human. We’ll never know. It’s impossible to find out.” 
His statement should have ended the discussion. Somehow he knew it wouldn’t.
“If we don’t know for certain that a fetus isn’t a human, then we’d maybe better not kill it, just in case, don’t you think?” she asked, arching her brows and frowning at him as if he were the one contemplating murder. “I mean, if we were going to blow up a building, and there was no way to find out if there was a person inside before we did it, wouldn’t we decide we’d better not blow it up, just in case?”
The girl had read too much Plato. “There are other considerations. It’s not that simple.”
“Maybe.” Again, the discussion should have been over, ended with her inconclusive remark. But he noticed the pucker return to the fine, dark line of her brow, and he knew it wasn’t really over for her. Looking down at the top of her bowed head he realized it probably wasn’t over for him either. 
She studied her footsteps, deep in thought. “If my father had been there it would have made all the difference in the world. But he wasn’t. He didn’t even know I existed.”
And there the conversation did end. Sara withdrew and he sensed it would be futile to try to bring her back. They walked in silence for the rest of the day. 
* * *
The crew meeting that night was brief. Archie reiterated the need for extreme caution. “We know nothing more of the danger, but it’s out there,” he said. 
The next week’s scouting roster was announced. “Has anyone seen Elan?” No one had. “I guess we don’t need him, but it would be good if we could ask more about the killings.”
The lion kill remained a hot topic. “Maybe it would be wise for one of us to carry the knife,” Archie said. He looked around at the group. “How about you, Eric?”
“I wouldn’t know how to use it.”
“It might be good to learn how to use one. Zinovy, you could teach him.”
Zinovy’s gut knotted. “I haven’t had a lot of experience with knives.” 
“Oh, come on. You know the basics. Give him some lessons. We all could do with some instruction.”
And so Zinovy went to bed thinking about knives. 
* * *
“Novy, Novy,” Caleb cried, “Come quick! It’s Sara!” The frenzy in the boy’s voice as he shook Zinovy from his slumber brought him instantly to his feet. 
“What is it?” 
The boy pointed, terror strangling his voice. 
Zinovy sped toward the place where Sara had bedded down for the night, something cold grasping at his chest. 
One look at the scene before him and the chill was replaced by hot anger. Sara lay on her back, her chest bared, arms pinned beneath her. A large man knelt on her shirt sleeves, holding them to the ground. He straddled her lower body. His hands groped for her breasts, a deep chortle issuing from his throat. 
Zinovy was on him in an instant. 
It was the first time Zinovy had killed for hate. The sharp twist of the neck was quick—better than the man deserved. When it was over, Zinovy turned to look at the girl. She had pulled herself up to a sitting position. She clutched her shirt to her chest and stared back at him, wild-eyed. 
Without conscious thought, he went over, crouched down and gathered her trembling body into his arms. Too late he realized she might not welcome the embrace of any man right then, but to his surprise she immediately relaxed, shrinking down into his cradled arms as if to hide there, allowing him to hold her close until the shivering finally slowed and ended. Then she began to sob. 
Zinovy looked up. Archie stood nearby, holding a hand behind him to arrest the approach of the other crew members. “Keep back, folks. It’s over now. Let’s give them some space.” He looked back. “Where’s Caleb? Is he okay?”
Zinovy caught a glimpse of the boy huddled a few feet away, sheltered in Grace’s arms, then he turned back to the weeping girl in his arms. 
Her sobs were great, racking ones that seemed to come from the depths of her being. Unsure what to do, he continued to hold her, rocking back and forth for what seemed an eternity. Finally her crying subsided, but she remained resting against him. 
Eventually she sighed, a deep shuddering sigh, and lifted her face to his. He looked for signs of the ravage she had experienced, but found none. Peace rested there. Exhaustion, yes, but a deep peace as well. Neither spoke. He lifted her to her feet, turning her away from the dark body sprawled lifeless in the corner of her bower, and they walked away.
Grace waited for them at the edge of the clearing. Zinovy handed Sara over to her and walked on to the compound where he was surprised to discover a prisoner. Silent and sullen, the second vandal glared up at him. His hands and feet were bound and Ruben and Simon stood guard, one on either side.
“Where did he come from?” Zinovy asked.
“He was there with the other guy,” Eric said. “Behind you.” He tossed a butcher knife on the ground as he spoke. 
Zinovy looked at it, a twin to the one they had in their baggage, and the hackles rose on the back of his neck. He’d been so focused on the man attacking Sara he hadn’t even considered there might be another. Eric had saved his life, and probably Sara’s as well.
He looked up at Eric with gratitude. “Once again, I owe you.”
Eric grinned. “No worries.”
“There may be more,” Archie said. He scanned the surrounding trees. “How many did Sara say were involved in the raid of the protectorate?”
By this time everyone was awake. Archie gave directions to the boys: “I want you to spread out and search the area. Go in pairs. Stick close together. Move out, about a hundred meters, then around to your right in a circle.” 
Archie turned to Eric and Carter. “You two guard the prisoner. His friends may come back for him. Zinovy, you’d better do something with the body. Where’s Sara? Is she okay?”
Zinovy made sure Sara was safe with Grace, then went back to the scene of the attack. The dead man lay where he had fallen, his head twisted sideways, his face resting unnaturally against his right shoulder. Zinovy stood looking down at him, hands on his hips. This was one gneeda who would cause them no more trouble. He dragged the body away from the compound and left it in a dense copse of trees, far enough away that no one would stumble upon it as they foraged for breakfast. The vandal did not deserve a burial. The air would eat away his remains soon enough.
By the time he returned to camp, the scouts had come back. They’d seen nothing—not even evidence of movement through the greenery. “That doesn’t prove anything,” Carter pointed out. “These plants are so resilient tracks don’t last a minute.”
“We interviewed the prisoner,” Archie said to Zinovy. “Didn’t learn a thing. We applied as much pressure as we could, but he wouldn’t even open his mouth.”
Zinovy grimaced. There were ways to make people talk, but this crew wouldn’t have a clue how to do it. He’d have to do his own interviewing, but he’d wait until morning. He’d had enough exercise for one day. More than enough. 
Sara and Caleb were both sleeping, curled up in Grace’s quarters on a hastily gathered pile of fresh ferns. Zinovy checked on them once more before he went to his own bed, where he lay awake thinking about many things. 
The hatred had been a surprise. He’d dealt with vermin like this in the past—done it objectively, without emotion. Somehow this was different and he wasn’t sure why. He’d been the one to bring Sara into the camp and he supposed he felt a certain responsibility for her. He remembered her, huddled in his arms after the attack. She’d been so trusting. It was an amazing thing.
What Eric had done was also amazing. The boy had made light of it, as if it were nothing, but it was not nothing. In all his years of military service, and especially in the FSB, Zinovy had never been able to count on back up. To be sure, on military maneuvers there’d been teamwork, but if you got into trouble personally it was your problem. No commander wasted personnel on rescue operations. Zinovy was used to fending for himself and taking the consequences when he didn’t. He would have taken the ultimate consequence this time, if it hadn’t been for his friend. 
His friend. The term arrested Zinovy’s attention. He’d had friends before, but most had been more like casual acquaintances. This relationship was different. Why? Maybe because there was no competition in Eric. No every-man-for-himself mentality. Eric was willing to give, even at the risk of his own life. 
Zinovy pondered these things and his awe increased. He lay quietly thinking until the first rosy tint of the new day filtered through the trees around him. Then he slept. 
* * *
Early that morning Elan arrived. He was looking for Zinovy and he was not pleased. Archie went to wake the tired warrior and send him to the grove of trees beside the conference center where the stern-faced man stood waiting. 
Zinovy, sleepy-eyed and only half awake, stumbled across the compound, wondering what was so urgent that it couldn’t wait until after breakfast. He faced Elan’s stormy countenance with dumbfounded surprise. This was not the Elan he was used to. The gentle joy was gone. In its place was a thundercloud of a scowl, beneath eyes that flashed like lightning. 
Zinovy was the first to speak. “Elan. Is there a problem?” 
Elan stood before him, feet apart, arms folded across his chest. “There was an incident last night,” he began. “Tell me about it.”
Zinovy, fully awake now and in control, explained. “Sara was attacked. Caleb alerted me and I intervened. The attack was averted and Sara is unharmed.”
Elan probed. “Is that all?” 
“All that matters. I killed the man. We won’t have any more trouble from him.”
“Why did you kill him?” The darkness of Elan’s face deepened.
Zinovy. “I killed him because he was a beast.” Some of the anger Zinovy had felt toward the vandal the night before crept into his voice as he continued what was fast turning into his defense. “He was trying to rape Sara. He could have killed her. I had to stop him.” 
“You could have stopped him without killing him.” 
The anger began to swell in Zinovy’s chest, but before he could say more, Elan readjusted his stance, as if to establish his physical presence on the ground before them, and thundered, “You had no right to take the man’s life. You did not give it in the first place. Now you have taken him beyond hope of redemption.”
“Redemption!” Zinovy spat the word back into Elan’s face. “How can you talk of redemption after what he did?”
“What he did was evil, but it was not your place to pass final judgement. There is one who will do that, in his time. This is still a time of redemption for all of you. But that time has passed, now, for the vandal.”
Elan’s harsh words broke the dam. Emotion—that destructive enemy Zinovy had struggled against for so long—rushed in, washing every rational thought downstream. Zinovy was furious, but he would not succumb in the other man’s presence. Salvaging what was left of his self-control, he turned and marched away. 
When he was out of Elan’s sight he began to run, crashing through the brush outside the compound, anger pumping a vicious strength into his legs. And then he exploded. Arms flailing, he lashed out at the beauty around him, punching trees, ripping branches, tearing fern fronds, destroying everything in reach. When his strength was finally spent, he threw himself to the ground, breathing heavily, and buried his face in the deep moss. His energy was gone, but the anger remained. 
Then the voice in his head was back, coming with a question this time: “What angers you, Zinovy?” 
He was startled, but he was beginning to think again, and ready to answer the mental intruder: “I’m angry because of what I saw happen in Sara’s bed.” The picture of her lying there helpless under the rapist flashed before his eyes, sending a new wave of rage through his body. “And I’m angry at Elan for his self-righteous, pig-headed, egotistical judgment of the killing. What right has he to condemn me? Whatever kind of creature he may be, he’s not God.” 
Silence reigned, as if the voice knew that wasn’t all. 
It wasn’t. Zinovy was also furious with himself. After all these years of mental discipline and training, something had broken into the fortress and stolen his greatest treasure, the one thing that had given him control over his life. The objective detachment he’d developed and guarded so well was gone. How could he have allowed this to happen? 
He remained where he was, exhausted, finally falling asleep, until the sounds of animals rooting around nearby for their supper woke him. He pulled himself up from the ground and took himself home for the night. 
* * *
The next morning Zinovy woke up retching. He had not showed up for breakfast and Sara, apparently fully recovered from her harrowing experience, went looking for him. She found him still in his bed and immediately took off for the river. Zinovy noticed her coming, but the fire burning in his veins blocked out everything else. He tried to lift his hands, but could not. 
In no time she was back. His eyes were closed, but he heard her approach. Then he felt the water trickling down his face, and her hands smoothing it over his head and neck, his arms and chest. Gradually the pain subsided. Eventually he slept.
He slept long and deep and woke refreshed. The pain was gone, but the anger still burned. He rose and went to find the crew. They’d delayed their start, waiting for him to wake up, using the time to scout ahead, checking, again, for signs of other lowlife. They’d found none, but Zinovy determined to keep his eyes open. There would be dangers ahead. He would not to be caught off guard a second time.
Elan had taken the prisoner away and he hadn’t come back. Zinovy swore when he found out. “We needed to question that man. We’re no more prepared now than we were before. We have no idea if this might happen again.” His anger at Elan flared, but there was nothing to do but go on.
The crew trudged ahead, following the river, its current now slowed somewhat by a serpentine curve that took them, meandering, in a seemingly aimless direction. “This is slowing us down,” Archie complained. 
“We could cross over to the other side,” Zinovy said.
“I don’t see how that would help. The route’s no different over there.” 
So they continued on, following Elan’s last instructions, making as much headway as they could each day and trusting the route they were taking would eventually get them where they were supposed to be going. 
The river’s meandering journey paralleled the journey in Zinovy’s mind. He vacillated back and forth between fierce anger at Elan and dismay at his own lack of emotional control, and his mental turmoil seemed, like the path they were on, to be taking him nowhere. But gradually he came to terms with the situation and a reluctant peace settled down over his mind again. 
The rape attempt had had a strange effect on Sara. Since the night of the attack, she’d been different. She mingled more with the others, men and women alike, participating in their activities, going out of her way to find things she could do to help. All the while, she continued to keep a watchful eye on Caleb, ministering to him as his mother would have done. Her new serenity baffled Zinovy. “Another mystery,” he grumbled. And then, without volition, he found himself talking about his confusion with Sara. 
* * *
 “This world is too strange for believing. My mind feels twisted. I can’t get it around all the strange things.”
It was midday. Zinovy and Sara sat in a copse of trees eating their lunch. Caleb had finished his meal and was romping with Aslan. The two playmates darted in and out of the glistening shrubbery, brightening the air around them with their kicks and tickles and tumbles. 
“Things are only strange because we aren’t used to them,” Sara said. She had a disarming knack for stating the obvious in a way that made it sound like some profound new concept. She watched his face, and he knew she was reading his exasperation. 
“Well, think about it,” she went on. “Is this world any harder to believe than the first one would have been if we’d never seen it before?” 
Zinovy’s mind twisted again, trying to follow her bizarre logic. 
She screwed up her face, looked at the sky through the leafy canopy, and explained: “Say we were from Mars, and it was our first time visiting the earth—the old one you think was so ‘sensible.’ You think earth wouldn’t seem strange to us then? It seems ordinary to us because we were born into it.”
She looked down at her lap, then held up a small hand and spread her fingers out in front of his face. “Did you ever see anything so strange? There’s this sort of square flat pad of flesh, with long skinny hard things inside to keep it from flopping around, and these five projections sticking out all over, with more of the long, skinny hard things. The things bend into all sorts of positions, but not backwards, at least not far, anyway.” She studied her hand with interest, noting the slight bow of the fingers as she stretched them as far back as she could. Then she grinned at him. “Can you imagine anything more unusual? If you were from Mars, that is, and had never seen a hand before.”
Zinovy looked at his own hands. They were powerful. They’d done a lot of things. They’d been carefully trained. They’d gotten him out of many dangerous situations, and gotten him into some as well. Next to his mind, those well-trained hands were his most important asset—the one other thing he could not live without. 
“Yes,” he admitted. “Perhaps an imaginary creature who had never seen hands might consider them strange.” They were silent for a minute. Zinovy let his mind untwist once more. Then, “Speaking of imaginary creatures, what do you think about Caleb’s ‘bright ones’?”
They looked over at Caleb, now resting in the grass with Aslan’s small head tucked under his arm. 
“I don’t know. I’m not entirely convinced it’s nothing. I mean, sometimes when I look where Caleb points quickly, without letting myself think, I see a greater brightness in the spot for just a second. But he’s so concrete about the way he describes them. I think he sees something I don’t.” She paused, looking at Caleb. The boy had pulled out his birthday book and was now reading it quietly to Aslan. The book was upside down, but neither of the two readers seemed concerned.
 After a moment she said, “I really think they’re there, Zinovy. I don’t know why, but I believe him.”
“But, haven’t you noticed that everything this imaginary person tells him is what he wants to hear? It’s always something good.” 
“And that makes it not true?” Sara glared at Zinovy. “Whoever said the truth has to be bad news? Is that some great natural law or something?” 
“There’s no law, of course.” He folded his arms and glared back at her. “But in the end the truth is always bad news. Ultimately we die, you know.”
The air colors played around her hair, framing her face with rosy light. He studied her. How would she respond to this harsh reality? She didn’t appear to be convinced. “Maybe that’s not the ultimate reality,” she said. “What if there’s something after? Something better, like the religious believe?” 
He frowned, and she went on, “We humans think we come up with all the ideas about invisible things, and we make up metaphors to explain them. And all the time we think the invisible things are only in our minds. But what if we’re wrong? What if the metaphors are some kind of ‘already-there’ picture of a reality that actually exists? What if they’re put inside our minds by someone outside ourselves to help us see realities we can’t see with our eyes?”
It was too much for Zinovy. “I give up. I don’t know anymore. You’re the most exasperating woman. Where do you get these crazy ideas?”
She grinned. “Maybe God gives them to me.” She took a bite of her apple and sat, chewing, a deep contentment on her face. 
“What are you thinking now?”
“I was just thinking . . . ” She paused, rearranged the contents of her mouth, then continued, “I’m glad the apple wasn’t the forbidden fruit.”
“Pardon me?”
“The forbidden fruit. You know. In the Garden of Eden.”
 “Oh.” Another topic straight out of nowhere. He made the mental readjustment. “How do you know it wasn’t?”
She stopped chewing and looked at him in amazement. “Because we still have them, dodo brain. If they had been the forbidden fruit we wouldn’t have been allowed to keep them, get it?”
“Dodo brain. I don’t know that term.”
She laid her half-eaten apple in the grass and rolled her eyes. “The dodo was a bird. It has been extinct for a very long time. It had a very small brain.”
The look on her face struck him funny. He laughed. “I know the dodo bird. I’ve just never heard the term used that way before.” Then he said, “I thought sex was the forbidden fruit.”
She picked up her apple and worked on it again. “Uh uh,” she said. “Couldn’t have been. We still have that too.”
“I see,” he said, grinning.
She went on, “I’m just glad it wasn’t the apple. I love apples. I think they’re my favorite of all the things we have to eat, including all the new ones.”
He studied her agile fingers as they turned the piece of fruit—the concentration on her face as she searched for one last corner to chew on. 
“I am glad it wasn’t sex,” he said. 
Immediately he could have kicked himself. It had only been a week— But she was laughing. 
He studied her face, amazed. “It’s good you can laugh at that.”
She sobered. “I don’t think I could have before.”
“Before . . . ?” He wasn’t sure if he should pursue this topic.
She turned to him. “Something happened to me that night. When the man came at me I was terrified. It was like deja vu, you know? Like it had all happened to me before. It hadn’t. It had happened to my mother.” She paused, and he thought she was finished. Then she said, “This may sound weird, but I wonder if maybe, all this time, I’ve been feeling her fears. The fear she felt when it happened. Do you think that’s possible?”
“I don’t know what’s possible any more.”
“Well, things are different now, anyway. I’m not so afraid. When you came, it was over so fast. All of a sudden he was gone and I was safe. It was like the fear went away with him.”
“That’s good.”
She paused, with a puzzled expression. “For the first time in my life I feel I can face . . .” 
Then she looked away. 




CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
 “I’m thinking we might cancel the rest day tomorrow,” Archie said to Grace and Zinovy as they sat together one evening. “The way the river’s meandering we’ve made little headway this week.”
Grace frowned. “It won’t be a popular move. The others aren’t as committed to the timeline as you are.”
Archie shook his head. “What do you think, Zinovy?”
Zinovy shrugged. “Okay with me either way. I don’t need the rest.”
Simon and Ruben trudged by on their way to the river. Archie called them over. “How would you two feel if we skipped the rest day tomorrow?” he asked. 
“You mean we’d have to keep walking?” Simon groaned. 
“We’ve been walking all week,” Ruben said. “I’m tired. I thought you said we could have a rest day every week.”
“Well, it’s just that we haven’t gotten far this week, the way the river’s been winding. We’re not much closer to the city, as the crow flies.”
By that time Mike and Raheem and Emery had joined them. When they heard Archie’s suggestion they wailed their protests. Archie settled them down and sent them on their way. He sighed. “I guess we’ll stick with the rest day schedule.” 
Zinovy looked at Archie. “You don’t always have to give in to them, you know. You’re the boss.”
“You’re right, Zinovy,” Grace said. “But there’s no need to be rigid about things either. You’re working with people, remember?”
“We’ll rest,” Archie said, “and make up the time later. The river has to straighten out soon.” Then he added, “We need a meeting tonight, though. There’s something else I’ve been thinking that I want to discuss with the group.”
Archie announced the meeting at supper. “It’s nothing that will concern the women and children, but the men should attend,” Archie said. “I have a plan in mind regarding our defense.”
“Why do you say something involving our defense doesn’t concern the women and children?” Sara asked.
“What I’m proposing has to do with physical defense. If you’d like to be involved you’re certainly welcome.”
“I’ll be there,” she said. 
“I’ll be there too,” Grace added. 
Mark and Carter came to the meeting late. Grace, Eric and the boys were already settled on clumps of grass around the command center, waiting to hear about Archie’s plan. Sara sat apart from the others, arms folded. Zinovy leaned against a tree. 
“I want to pursue the idea I mentioned a week or so ago about some kind of defense training,” Archie began. “I’m concerned about our lack of preparedness. We don’t know much about potential threats to our safety, but we do know they could be bloody.” 
He looked around at the group. “The problem is that we’re virtually defenseless. We have the two knives, but we have no experience in using them—for defense, at any rate. The enemy has experience. We’ve found carcasses, and Eric, here, interrupted an attack that could have cost Zinovy his life. These people mean business, and they know their business.”
Zinovy shifted against the tree trunk, anticipating Archie’s next words. “Now my plan is this. Zinovy is the only one among us who is trained in the use of weapons. I’m going to ask you, Zinovy, if you would give us all some training. You need to teach us how to use the weapons we’ve got.”
All eyes turned to Zinovy. “I don’t know if that’s a good idea.”
“Why not?” Archie said. “You’ve had the training. You could teach us at least the rudimentary techniques.”
“It’s not so easy,” Zinovy said. “It’s not as easy as it looks on TV. To kill a man takes more than one or two quick lessons in technique.” They continued to study his face, questions in the frowns and lowered eyebrows, and he went on, searching for the right words: “The body is like a fortress. To penetrate one must find the right place—the chink in the armor, so to speak—and one must thrust hard. It takes both skill and strength, and much experience. It takes time. There’s no way you can get all that in one crash course.”
“Well, we’ve got time. We’ll take as much time as we need. Anything is better than nothing if it comes to the point where we have to defend ourselves.” 
Zinovy still balked. “Not so. Something is sometimes worse than nothing. If a person carries a weapon and is not skilled, the weapon can become a liability instead of an asset. A skilled enemy knows how to take a weapon and use it against his attacker. We would be at grave disadvantage to carry knives.”
“But Eric knows how to use one. He took the knife from the vandal that attacked you, remember?” Conrad said.
“I’m grateful.” Zinovy looked at Eric as he spoke. “But Eric was lucky. The vandal was inattentive, and Eric came up from behind. It’s not always so in these matters. Trust me. I know what I say.”
“Nevertheless, I am going to insist you do this, Zinovy. Whether we carry the knives or not, I want every person in this crew to be able to use one. You can begin the lessons tomorrow. I know it’s a rest day, but we need to get on with this.”
“If it’s knives I’m not interested,” Grace said. “I’ll stick with the martial arts. That works best for me.” She turned to Sara. “I wouldn’t recommend this kind of training for you either, Sara. You’re too small. I’ll teach you some karate moves if you like.”
Sara leapt to her feet. “Why is size so important? I’m surprised at you, Grace—that you’d make a sexist remark like that.”
Grace laughed. “It’s not sexism, Sara. It’s realism. You’re half the size of any vandal you might meet. You can’t fight them with brute force.” 
Sara studied Grace’s face for a moment, then turned on her heel and marched off. 
Grace turned to Zinovy and shrugged. “I’ll leave you to it. If there’s anything I can do to help with the martial arts side of things let me know.”
And so it was that Zinovy gathered his class of twelve students the next morning and began his instruction, using the butcher knives. Zinovy had trained with daggers, and he looked at these unwieldy instruments with dismay. But the real reluctance he felt had nothing to do with the inadequacy of their tools. He ignored his inner struggle and did the best he could to conduct the training session to Archie’s satisfaction. 
After an hour of explanation Zinovy was nauseous and ready to quit. “From the back, the ribs must be avoided. Coming up under the ribcage is the best approach. From the front as well, up under the ribs and breastbone is the most vulnerable spot for a death thrust.” He did a few more demonstrations, led them through a couple of practice moves, then called a halt to the day’s lesson. 
Archie came up at the end of the session. “Thanks, Zinovy. That was a good start.” 
Zinovy grunted and wandered over to the river, massaging the tension out of his hands and arms and willing the muscles in his stomach to relax. The water ran full and fast in this section of the river, splashing over boulders in waves of deep green and purple, almost blood-red in their depths. Both the movement and the color mirrored Zinovy’s inner turmoil. He put his hands behind his head and stretched his shoulders, then he leaned against a tree, watching Caleb cavort in the water with the two Mueller children. 
Grace was playing with them today. She was healthy again, as they all were, but a shadow still lurked behind the glowing face. She laughed suddenly, taken with the antics of the children, but just as quickly the laugh disappeared and it didn’t return. 
Eventually Zinovy sat down on the riverbank. Sara joined him, plopping down after her swim, tossing her hair in the sparkling air, flicking water onto his shirtsleeve. Her hair had grown longer. It hung almost to her shoulders now when it was wet. She was talking, as usual. 
Zinovy listened with one ear, but his mind was elsewhere. He thought about his morning session with the boys, and something he’d overheard Eric say to Simon yesterday as they walked in front of him on the trail. Something from the red book—about drinking blood, of all things. The remark had reminded Zinovy of the lion kill, and an older memory he’d buried long ago—a memory that had to do with religion. Zinovy had no use for religions. He’d been relieved when the Supreme Commander had finally eradicated them all. 
The girl broke into his thoughts. “There you go. You’re doing it again. You haven’t heard a thing I’ve said, have you?”
“Yes, I heard you.” She was not fooled and he didn’t bother to convince her. He glanced over. “You’re Jewish, right?”
“Yes. I mean that’s my heritage. I’m not a practicing Jew.”
Zinovy shook his head. “Never could I understand the Jewish belief system.” 
“What do you mean?”
“Many things I don’t understand. It’s just so bloody, for one.”
“Are you talking about the sacrifices?” 
“Yes.” And he told her. “I saw them conduct animal sacrifices in Israel once.” He gazed off into the distance and continued. “It was a very hot day. I was sweating like a pig. I watched them drag lambs to the altar. I heard the bleating. I can still see the gush of blood from their throats and the glint of sun off the knife when they cut the bodies in pieces.” Zinovy grimaced. “Never could I see the sense of it.”
“I know what you mean.” She paused. “They ate the meat, you know.” 
“Did they? Well it’s a damn inhumane way to slaughter animals for food.”
“Not really. They took pains to make sure the animals were not aware or frightened. They still slaughter that way—it’s part of the Kosher process.” She picked up a shirttail and wrung the last of the water from it. “But there was a religious significance to the ritual, too.” 
Zinovy looked at her in disbelief. “How could there be a religious reason for killing a living being?” 
“I asked my tutor about it once, and he tried to explain. It made sense, what he said. It didn’t make me feel any better, but it made sense.” She frowned and studied the ground. “He said—and I’ll never forget his words—he said, ‘Lambkin, things are not always as they seem. The sacrifices seem unjustified, but they had to happen, because people are evil.”
“Wait a minute. All people are not evil. That’s not a fair statement.” He looked at her and saw her youth, her inexperience. “You’re not evil.”
“Yes, I am, Zinovy. You don’t know.”
“No.” He would not let her get away with the exaggeration. “The vandals are evil. You are good. Caleb is good. There are many good people.”
Sara shook her head and frowned. “It’s all relative,” she said. “I’m maybe not as evil as the vandals that killed Caleb’s parents. But compared to perfect—compared to what God must be like—I’m horrible.” 
“Well, no one’s perfect.”
“That’s just it. No one is.”
Zinovy rolled his eyes, determined to avoid the vortex of her circular logic. “Sara, no one can expect anyone to be perfect. Even your God should know better than to do that.”
“He does. That’s why there had to be sacrifices. That’s what I’ve been trying to say. Nobody can be perfect. God knew that. So we have to be forgiven. But we have to do the sacrifices thing for it to work.”
“Why? I don’t see a connection. What does killing an animal have to do with forgiveness?”
Her shoulders slumped and she frowned. “I’m not sure. I’m still trying to figure it out, but I think it may have something to do with metaphor.”
“What?”
“I think the sacrifices are a metaphor—they point to a deeper meaning, somehow. The sacrifices are grotesque because the evil they’re supposed to cure is grotesque.”
His expression must have revealed his skepticism. She went on, quiet now, but no less intense. “We’re so used to evil we don’t realize what a bad thing it is, Zinovy—how just plain wrong. If there is a God who created everything, he deserves our respect, but we don’t give it to him. We ignore him. That’s grotesquely evil.” She looked up at him. “Did you ever hear the story of the Passover Lamb?” 
He shook his head.
“It happened in Egypt, long ago. The Jews—my people—were living as slaves. The oppression was heavy. They cried out for a long time to Jehovah—that’s their name for God, you know. ‘Come rescue us, your people, from our bondage to the Egyptians.’ Finally he did. He sent a man named Moses to talk to the Pharaoh and tell him to let the people go.”
A memory flashed through Zinovy’s mind—a fairy tale his mother had told him. He listened, and Sara went on. 
“But the Pharaoh was stubborn. He didn’t want to lose his workforce—they were the ones who built the pyramids, you know. But he also didn’t want to bow to Moses’ god. He was too proud. He was his own God, and he wasn’t about to give in.” 
Sara glanced at him, checking to see that she still had an audience. He nodded and she continued: “So Jehovah sent a lot of plagues on the Egyptians. He spared the Jews, but the Egyptians were pestered with all kinds of evil things. Flies, frogs, lice—all the things the Egyptians worshipped became plagues to them. But after all those things—nine of them, I think it was—the Pharaoh still would not let the people go.” She was obviously skipping some of the details, not sure of his attention span.
“So, finally, after he’d tried everything else, Jehovah said, ‘That’s it. I’ve had it up to here.’” She slid her finger across her throat. “‘I’m going to really give it to them this time.’ And he made a plan to do something so strong that the Pharaoh would have to give in.” She paused. 
“Go on,” Zinovy said. “You’re a good storyteller.”
She smiled and looked down at her hands. “Now before Jehovah could do this thing, he had to make some arrangements. He wanted to protect the Jews from this plague, so he gave them instructions: ‘Tonight,’ he said, ‘Each family must sacrifice a lamb and put the blood from the lamb on the door post of your house. The death angel is going to pass over Egypt tonight, and in the morning you will hear much wailing in the land. The death angel is going to kill the firstborn son in every home of the Egyptians. But when he sees the blood on your door posts, he will pass over you.’ 
“Well, it happened just that way. The next morning the Pharaoh was so distraught over losing his firstborn son that he told them to get out. And they got out, fast, before he changed his mind. He did change his mind after they’d gone, and he sent his army after them to bring them back. But the soldiers were all killed—drowned in the Red Sea. My people got away, and that’s when they went back to the land Jehovah had promised to their father, Abraham—the land of Israel.”
She’d become so involved in the story that she’d forgotten to see if he were still listening. She looked up at last. “And that’s why they call it the Passover. Because the angel of death passed over them that night.”
“Good story. Interesting, as Eric would say. But still I feel sorry for the lamb. You have a vicious God, you Jews.”
She nodded. “I know. The Torah says, ‘without the shedding of blood there is no remission of sins.’ I was angry at him for a while, too. But my tutor didn’t give up. Jewish rabbis can be very persistent. He said that the sacrifice costs the lamb his life, but in dying, he saves us. The lamb becomes the scapegoat. And it’s either his blood or ours, you see? My grandfather said when he sees the lamb he sees love—Jehovah’s love that protects us from his righteous anger.”
It was a long speech, even for Sara. Zinovy sat looking at her face, momentarily distracted by the emotion playing around her eyes and mouth as she spoke. But there was one major flaw in the argument. 
“Your God is supposed to be able to do anything, right?”
“Right.”
“And he is supposed to be good, right?”
She nodded.
“Well, if he can do anything, and if he is good, then he should make a different way. This was not a good way.”
“Right.” She was looking at him, but he could tell her mind had moved beyond the words he’d just spoken. She remained still. 
Finally he prodded: “Then we agree about something at last.” 
She ignored the remark. Instead she cocked her head at him and said, “And if you were better, or smarter, or bigger than God, you’d have a right to criticize him for the way he does things.”
Damn that girl. She never let him have the final word. 
The Regime had had the final word, though, in the case of the bloody lambs. The new government had allowed the disgusting ritual to continue uncontested for a while. Then, suddenly, they put a stop to the sacrifices. It hadn’t been easy. The priests were stubborn. In the end the government had them butchered and their bodies burned on their own altars. The message came through, strong and clear, that such barbarism was not to be tolerated, and the eventual crackdown on Judaism resulted in the confiscation of the whole temple area and its re-commission for use by the Global Regime. The so-called “Temple Mount” became “Gaia’s Ground,” the center of the new universal religion. The bloody mess on the plaza was cleaned up and the world once again became civilized. Zinovy had been greatly relieved. 
But Sara’s story left its impact. So did the girl, he admitted to himself. He needed to be more alert. Too often she distracted him. That would not do. Distractions would hinder his vigilance. He sat up and cleared his throat. 
“We need to go for dinner,” he said. 
* * *
That night Zinovy couldn’t sleep. He thrashed around for an hour or two, then got up and went to relieve Emery, who was on watch until morning. 
All was quiet, the landscape still, bathed as usual in the nighttime glow of the opalescent air. No leaf stirred. No animal spoke. Zinovy was alone with his thoughts. He scratched his back on the rough bark of the tree he was sitting against and let his mind wander again to the girl. She constantly surprised him. What made her think the way she did? He found himself wanting to discover more about what went on behind those sapphire-blue eyes, those flickering lashes. 
That realization brought up another curiosity. Why did he care? They were so different in their thinking, and her life did not involve him. Why did it matter what she thought? 
Suddenly he straightened. The quiet intruder was back, inserting words into his thoughts. “Why do things only matter if they involve you?” 
He squirmed against the tree trunk, trying to find a comfortable position. When he couldn’t, he realized the discomfort was not physical. 
Everyone operates that way, he defended himself to the voice. No one cares about what does not involve them. 
But, even as he offered the excuse, the vision came. He saw himself in a box, the box getting smaller and smaller, closing in around him. Everything else was outside, a wide world full of things that didn’t involve him. 
That instant peek into all that was outside of himself was enough to silence his retort. He suddenly felt claustrophobic. He felt dull, bored and boring in his box. A sense of dissatisfaction followed, then a growing hunger—a hunger for everything that was outside of himself. 
Morning came and he wandered back into camp, passing Sara’s bed on the way. He glanced at her, still sleeping soundly. Caleb and the cub were curled up under her chin. She woke as he looked and he turned away before she saw him.
* * *
As the journey continued, Sara became quieter again. She and Zinovy walked together, as usual, but miles went by without her saying a word. Caleb filled the conversational vacuum with his endless chatter, but Zinovy missed her introspective thoughts, her challenges.
He was tempted, at times, to accuse the girl of living in her own world, as she had once done him. Maybe her silence had something to do with the vandal attack. He didn’t want to ask. He wasn’t into psychoanalysis and she was too withdrawn to open up if he had been.
As he was thinking this she spoke. 
“Zinovy, I need some time alone.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, I have to be by myself for a while.”
“Not a good idea,” he countered. “You should not be out of sight. You know that.”
“Well, can I have some space, at least? How about if you move away a little for a while. I’ll walk between you and the river. That way I’ll be protected. You’ll still be able to see me.” 
Zinovy hesitated. 
She pressed him. “I’m getting claustrophobic.” 
The remark influenced him. “All right. I’ll move away. But if we get in denser underbrush, where it’s harder to see, I’ll have to move back in.” 
And so they parted. For the rest of that day she walked by herself. Zinovy walked with Caleb, only half-attending to his chatter. He watched, surreptitiously, as Sara wandered along the riverbank, head down, eyes on the ground. 
After a while her head came up. She appeared to be talking to herself. He was too far away to hear the words, but he saw her mouth move. She talked off and on for some time. His curiosity surfaced once again. He wondered what she had to say that he couldn’t be a part of. He also wondered how long this estrangement would last. Not that it mattered. He swiped at a branch that fell across his path and frowned. 
But the next day Sara walked with Zinovy again. Whatever she’d needed of solitude she’d found in those few hours by the river. Eric joined them as they started out that morning. “Can I walk with you two? I’m tired of listening to the boys argue about the rules of the latest game they’ve invented. They spend more time making up the rules than they do playing the games.” Caleb had begged to ride on Alex’s shoulders and Zinovy had let him go, so the three of them were alone.
Sara seemed different again. She was still quiet as they walked, but the quietness had a contemplative quality. There was a calm about her that puzzled him. Her complexity disturbed him. Every time he caught a glimpse of who she was, or what she might be thinking, she changed, like mercury slipping through grasping fingers. Almost before that realization crystallized she was talking again. She spoke to him, as if Eric were not there. 
“You remember that day when we talked about Plato’s ‘Idea’?” she asked.
He nodded.
“Remember I said I thought the idea was really God?”
“Yes,” he said, wondering where this conversational topic had come from.
“Well, I’ve decided I was right. The Idea is God. And the Idea isn’t impersonal, either. He is a person. Ultimate reality is a person, Zinovy.” She looked up at him, as if expecting a reply.
Zinovy didn’t know how to respond. He glanced over at Eric, a question in his look. The boy shrugged his shoulders. When she went on, he began to realize things were not going to get any better.
“I think I walked with Him.”
“What?”
“I said, I think I walked with Him, yesterday when I walked by the river. He was there. God was there.”
She looked up through narrowed eyes, as if waiting for his challenge, but Zinovy was still at a loss for words. When he said nothing, she continued.
 “He talked to me, Zinovy.” She stepped around a cluster of daisies at her feet, then gazed ahead up the trail. Zinovy sensed she was not seeing the physical brightness around them, and her next words confirmed it. “Do you remember how I said I would never forgive my father?”
His mind reeled. Another topic, out of nowhere. 
“Well, He talked to me about that. I don’t know how He knew what I was feeling. Maybe He was with us that day and heard what I said to you.” Her brow furrowed. “No, it has to be more than that. He knew more than I told you. He told me things I didn’t even know myself.” 
She looked up at Eric. “Do you know what I’m talking about? Has anything like that ever happened to you, I mean when you feel like God is talking to you?” Eric frowned. Without waiting for a reply she went on. “Actually, He didn’t really tell me anything. He just asked questions. But the questions made me think. I never realized . . . ” And again she was lost to them.
Zinovy controlled a strong urge to shake her. He knew, instinctively, it would do no good to reason with her. Better to stay calm and listen. Maybe she would talk herself back into sanity. He waited. 
When she didn’t continue, Eric finally prompted: “What didn’t you realize?”
Sara sighed deeply and answered, “All along I thought I was angry at my father for what he did to my mother. But that wasn’t really it.”
“But Sara,” Zinovy said as gently as he could. “It’s natural for you to be angry at him for what he did to your mother. You loved her, and he hurt her. Your anger is justified.”
She flung her head up and glared at him. “I know that, Zinovy. But you don’t understand. I was actually angry at what he had done to me, not to her. Will you just listen and let me explain?” 
“Of course,” he said, feeling hopelessly out of control again. 
“I didn’t know at first, that he had raped my mother. I thought they were married, and that he was just away on business—some important job he had to do.”
Eric glowered. “Away on business for your whole life?” 
“It’s easy to believe bizarre things when you really want to, especially when the truth is even more bizarre.” She sighed. “No one told me the truth. I found out by accident. My tutor was talking about it with the lawyer one day. I was in the library, next to the office, and they didn’t know I was there.” 
Zinovy looked at Eric, then back at Sara. So this was the explanation for her mental breakdown. The experience had been traumatic, and something had brought it to the surface after all these years. He sensed he should respond, but he wasn’t sure how. Finally he said: “It must have been hard for you.”
She glanced up and he was surprised at the clarity he read in her eyes. “I was devastated. I still have nightmares about it.” She twirled a daisy she had picked as they walked, and Zinovy was struck by the contrast. The beautiful flower in her hand, like an innocent child, and the ugly story of debauchery and pain she’d experienced. 
“But like I said, what is really strange is that I always thought I was angry at him for my mother’s sake, not mine. The man’s question opened it all up. There was something in His eyes when He asked me why I was so angry. I mean, the light just went on. I remembered that scene in the library. I realized that I hated my father for what I lost. I lost the father he should have been, and I hate him for not being that person.”
She looked up at Zinovy again, and the pain in her eyes took his breath away. “I don’t know who I am,” she said. “I thought I was the daughter of a wonderful man. That was my identity. When I found out that man never existed, it was almost as if I never existed, do you know what I mean? I became a stranger to myself.” 
She paused and looked down at the daisy, already beginning to wilt in her fingers. Then she looked up. “It was all his fault. I’ve been boiling mad at him ever since. The stranger who walked with me made me see that.” 
 Enough. It was time to speak reason. “Sara, you must understand there was no man with you as you walked by the river.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was watching you all the time. You were alone. You wanted to be alone, remember? And you were. No one else was there.”
They stood still now, facing each other. Zinovy watched her eyes widen in amazement, then grow narrow, once again, as her confusion turned to anger. He knew he was in trouble when she stiffened and put her hands on her hips.
“There was a man,” she said through clenched teeth. “He did talk to me. He told me I needed to forgive my father. He said that forgiveness goes hand in hand with healing, and that I would have no peace until I could forgive. I remember his exact words. I am not crazy, Zinovy.” 
“What did he look like?”
“My father? I don’t know. I never saw him.”
“No. Not your father. This stranger.”
She wilted a little, caught off guard by her memory of the hallucination. “He was white,” she said. “A brilliant white. That’s all I can remember. That and His eyes. They were penetrating. It was like He saw things . . . ”
She looked up at Zinovy again, a new realization dawning.
“Zinovy, He was bright.”
The implication was obvious. “Like Caleb’s bright ones you mean?” 
She nodded. Then she shook her head, as if clearing cobwebs. Zinovy let out a relieved sigh. She was finally coming to her senses. Still wide-eyed, she looked at him. Her eyes were distant, clouded with confusion. Then they cleared once more and in the next instant his hopes for her sanity were dashed. 
“Zinovy!” She spoke quickly in her excitement. “Caleb must have seen Him all along—Him, and Elan. Elan too.” Zinovy stared—transfixed by the deep blue of her eyes as she looked up at him. “Don’t you understand?” The eyes pleaded. “We see Elan, but we don’t really see him at all—not like Caleb does.” 
She was nearly shouting. “We’ve been blind,” she said. Then she was gone. 
He had to run to catch up with her. When he did she was with Caleb, kneeling by his side, peering into his face.
“Caleb, what does Elan look like?” 
“Don’t you know?” 
“Yes, I do. But what does he look like to you, sweetheart?” 
Caleb squinted up at her. “Is this a guessing game?” 
“If it was a game, what would you say?”
The tot squinted and looked off across the meadow, pondering. Finally he said, “Bright. Very bright.”
Sara looked up at Zinovy, then turned back to Caleb. “What else. What else does he look like, Caleb?”
By this time Eric had caught up with them. The boy pursed his lips, wrinkled his face and said, “Pretty. Soft. Elan is soft and pretty, like a mother. Like a mother with a baby.”
“Ah,” Zinovy said. “That explains it.” Caleb had created this vision of Elan after the image of his mother, just as Sara had created her vision of the stranger after the image of the father she never had. 
But Sara wasn’t making the connection. “What color are his eyes, Caleb, do you remember?” 
“They’re blue, with sparkles in them. Like laughing, you know?” the boy replied. He caught sight of a squirrel in the path ahead and began to wriggle in Sara’s grasp. The game was obviously losing its charm.
“One more thing, Caleb. Hold on a minute.” Sara clung to his hand. “What kind of clothes does Elan wear?”
The boy’s eyes followed the squirrel as it rustled in the leaves of a peanut plant along the path ahead. The squirrel surfaced, hugging a nutty treasure.
“They’re not like ours,” Caleb said. “They move. Like this.” And he was off after the spunky rodent, waving his arms in the air, cavorting through the flowers like a small sunbeam. 
Zinovy looked at Eric and shook his head. Things had gone from bad to worse. Sara was no nearer to believing she had hallucinated than when they’d first started talking. Caleb’s imaginative description of Elan had only entrenched her belief in the vision of the stranger.




CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
They’d made camp for the night when the thundering reached their ears. 
“Sounds like stampeding brumbies,” Eric said, as the noise grew louder.
By the time the nearest riders careened into camp, the ground shuddered with the pounding of a hundred horses’ hooves. Six of the horses drew up close, surrounding the crew, who stared, open-mouthed. Zinovy glanced around him toward Sara who was shielding Caleb, pressing him into the mossy bank behind her as one of the horses pawed the ground at their feet. 
The leader of the galloping clan was a tall Arab, wrapped in his Bedouin robes and riding like the wind. A loose strand of his tightly woven turban whipped around behind him as he skidded to a stop in front of Zinovy.
He pressed his knees into the horse and raised himself to look over Zinovy’s head at Sara and Caleb. Then he hurtled around Zinovy, swooped down, snatched Caleb up by one arm, and hauled him into his lap. 
Sara screamed. Aslan flew out of Caleb’s arms. Zinovy was moving before the cub hit the ground. He leapt onto the haunches of the Bedouin’s horse and fastened his hands around the man’s neck. In half a minute the Arab would be dead.
A shout rang out in the bristling air. Zinovy whirled to find Adam beside him, astride a large stallion. His hand gripped the hard muscle of Zinovy’s right arm even as Zinovy’s fingers sank deeper into the leathery skin of the horseman. 
“Don’t,” Adam said. “He’s a friend.”
Zinovy relaxed his grip, but his hands remained frozen around the Arab’s thick neck. The Bedouin gasped. Caleb slipped from his grasp and fell into Sara’s waiting arms. Zinovy dropped his hands. The horseman clutched his throat, and spit blood on the ground. At the sight of blood Zinovy slid from the back of the horse.
He turned to Adam. “What’s the meaning of this?” 
“Settle down,” Adam said quietly. “I’ll explain everything. It’s not what it seems.”
Archie’s sharp interjection sliced through the tension. “Adam, we need to talk. Come with me please.” It was not a polite request.
Adam gave the Arab warrior an order, then dismounted and followed Archie to the center of the compound. 
The horseman didn’t move. He glared at Zinovy. “You will pay,” he said, his voice raspy. “I vow blood vengeance.” He spit again at Zinovy’s feet, then he beckoned to his followers and they backed their horses out of the camp and faded into the shrubbery. Zinovy watched until they were outside the camp, then headed back to the others.
“Who are these people?” Archie was asking as Zinovy reached them.
“They’re part of the movement,” Adam said. “From a Bedouin tribe I found on a scouting trip upriver. Most are only semi-civilized, although Haidar, there—the one you nearly killed, Zinovy—he has an interesting background. His father was a Palestinian who worked in the oil industry in North Africa. Haidar grew up in the desert, but he was educated in Europe.”
 “He did not learn to ride there,” Zinovy said. “They don’t ride horses that way in civilized countries.”
Adam smiled. “I know that. The desert has reclaimed him to a certain extent. But he’s manageable.”
“What did he want with Caleb?” Archie asked.
“I don’t know why he was so taken with the boy, but I’m sure he meant no harm. The Bedouins love children.”
“Well, love of children nearly cost him his life,” Zinovy said. “You tell him that. You tell him it will happen a second time if he puts his hand on the child again.”
“I’d go easy with him if I were you, Zinovy. He’s testy right now. You’ve embarrassed him before the others. Palestinians are a proud people and they believe in justice. They mete it out if they have to. Haidar’s a good friend if you treat him well, but I wouldn’t want to get on his bad side.”
“He will see my bad side if he touches the boy again,” Zinovy repeated.
Archie spoke, introducing calm reason into the charged atmosphere. “Zinovy’s right, Adam. What happened is completely unacceptable. If these men are part of your organization you’re responsible for their actions.” 
“You have a point, Archie. I take full responsibility. I assure you it won’t happen again.” Adam looked from one to the other, then he said, “Could we perhaps sit down?”
Archie took his hands off his hips and moved to a nearby Banyan tree. Adam joined him and they sat down. Zinovy remained standing. He studied the shrubbery at the edge of camp where the Bedouins had retreated. Most had disappeared, including the warrior he’d almost killed, but a few remained. They’d dismounted and now stood or squatted in haphazard groups of two or three around the perimeter of the clearing, playing with their reigns and muttering to each other in low tones. Their eyes darted over the camp as they spoke, following the movements of the children. Sara had vanished into the bushes with Caleb, but Mark and Michelle were still herding their two away. The children seemed fascinated with the Bedouins.
“Relax Zinovy. It’s okay,” Adam said, looking up at the uneasy Russian beside him. He ran his hand through a clump of tall grass, crushing the resilient blades in his fingers and releasing them. Zinovy watched the blades spring back and it occurred to him that Adam was like the grass. He would not be thwarted. 
But the blood was beginning to cool in Zinovy’s veins. Slowly his hands unclenched, and he crouched beside the other two, still alert for any activity on the periphery. Eric joined them, sitting a little apart. His hair, rumpled as usual, gave the impression he was at ease, but Zinovy could tell he was not.
Archie was speaking. “Just how do these savage people fit into your program?” 
“They are savage only because they’ve had no training or leadership. We’re training them. When we’re through they’ll be model citizens of the new order. You’ll see. Their uninhibited minds are fertile ground for planting the right ideas. It’s the simple people of the earth—people who love children.” Adam looked at Zinovy and smiled, pressing home his point. “They will fill the earth with peace in the end.” 
Zinovy settled back against a tree trunk. “You’re not affected at all by what happened to the earth, are you?” 
Adam’s smile broadened. “Remember, I told you, this holocaust has actually worked to our advantage. The world has been swept clean. Now it’s ready for the system that will bring true peace and unity, for the first time in history.” 
Eric had been listening in stony silence. “It hasn’t been swept clean enough,” he said, jerking his head toward the Arab horsemen now milling restlessly among the trees.
“They’re not going to be a problem,” Adam said. “They can be controlled. One just needs boldness—confidence. With confidence, you can control any situation.”
“Is that good?” Eric asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Is it good to control situations?”
“How could it be a bad thing to be in control?”
“Well, take Hitler, for example. Hitler was in control.”
Adam’s eyes narrowed. He looked at Eric for a moment before he answered. “Hitler was a misguided fool.”
Eric shrugged. “I rest my case.”
Archie glanced at Zinovy and raised his eyebrows. 
Adam continued unperturbed, speaking quietly, as to an agitated child: “Control is not inherently evil, Eric. It’s the ‘why’ and the ‘how’ that make it either good or bad. Control exercised for the benefit of humanity is a good thing—a needful thing, in fact. If it isn’t in place, anarchy reigns. Your vandals are a case in point.” Adam paused and studied the young man. “The world isn’t an easy place. If you don’t recognize that truth and respond appropriately you’re doomed.” 
Eric bristled. Adam turned his back on the boy and continued speaking to Archie and Zinovy. “As I was saying, the recent purge was a good thing. It should have happened ages ago. We could have used one like it in Africa when the AIDs epidemic began, for example.” 
Eric persisted. “That doesn’t sound at all compassionate.” 
Adam turned back to him. “Actually, it is compassionate. That disease could have wiped out the human race if it hadn’t eventually been eradicated. Millions of people suffered unendurable hardship. An instant, massive purge would have been much easier on everyone, don’t you think?” Adam smiled. “Compassion is relative, son. Like the pro-choice people used to say about abortion, ‘Sometimes the most compassionate thing you can do for a child is to prevent its birth.’ They had a point, you know.”
Zinovy remained silent, remembering a recent conversation he’d had with Sara. The child might not believe so. The child might want a chance to live, even if it involved suffering.
Eric spoke the thought aloud: “Don’t you think the child should have the right to decide that?”
Archie agreed. “You can’t discount human life quite that easily.”
“Of course,” Adam said. “But you have to think about all this in broader terms. You’re speaking of individuals. In cases where the survival of humanity is at stake individual sacrifices have to be made.”
Zinovy watched the color creep up the back of Eric’s neck. “That’s a bunch of bunk,” the boy snapped. “If an individual has no value, then why would humanity as a whole have any? Humanity is made up of individuals. I mean, zero multiplied a zillion times only equals zero. If an individual human being is worth zero—”
“Hold on, there, young man,” said Adam. “You’re getting emotional about this. Listen to what I’m saying. You need to think rationally.” Eric snorted, but Adam went on. “You must avoid emotional entanglement. Your focus, your powers of reason, your strength of will are all compromised when you become emotional.” 
Zinovy agreed with Adam on that point, but Eric persisted in being emotional. Adam didn’t appear to notice the color spreading to the young man’s face. He continued talking quietly. “If your goals are limited, an emotional handicap is not significant. If you’re living for yourself and your own personal happiness, it doesn’t matter so much. But if you’re living for a cause that’s bigger than yourself you can’t afford that kind of weakness.”
Just then Emery walked up. “Archie, can you come here for a minute? Mark wants you.”
“Can it wait? We have guests.”
“He said it was urgent.”
Archie excused himself and went off with Emery. Adam continued, “As I said before, if you keep your head, you can take any circumstance, any environment, and use it to your advantage. You can control anything.”
Eric sat, arms folded across his chest, and glared at Adam. Zinovy understood the boy’s argument. Though he didn’t share Eric’s instinctive distrust of control, something in Adam’s explanation didn’t sit right.
The visitor smiled at both of them. “Have you ever heard of the practice of cloud-making?” 
Zinovy had. He raised his eyebrows. 
Adam laughed. “You’re skeptical.” 
“It’s not scientific.” 
“Oh, but, it is. All psychic power is part of the physical world. It’s science beyond our conscious knowledge, but it’s science just the same. Everything fits into the realm of the material, Zinovy. You should know that. And we are the masters of that world. We just have to believe that and act it out. When we do, we’ll finally be able to bring Utopia to all of humanity.” 
 “That’s hogwash,” Eric said. “Look at history. Everything we’ve touched we’ve ruined. You talk about cloud making. Sure, we can do it. We did do it. But who wants clouds that look like giant mushrooms?”
Adam studied Zinovy, deliberately ignoring Eric’s remark. “If it troubles you to look at it scientifically, Zinovy, you can take the whole cloud-making thing metaphorically. It works just as well that way.” 
He stood to leave, glancing down at the Russian crouching in the grass. “I make my own clouds,” he said. “You can do the same if you like.” 
Eric got to his feet and stomped off. Adam gazed after him, then turned to Zinovy. 
“He’s young. The young tend to be reactive. He won’t be of much use to us right now. But you, Zinovy—have you thought any more about—”
Archie walked up at that point. Zinovy was glad. He wasn’t ready to answer the question. Not yet. 
“Don’t go, Adam. I’ve just arranged for dinner. You’re welcome to join us.”
“Thanks, but I need to go.” He glanced toward the edge of the clearing and smiled. “The natives are restless.”
They walked him to his horse. “I wanted to ask you more about what you’ve discovered,” Archie said. “The population was pretty well wiped out, you were saying, except for these Bedouins you’ve run into. Are you finding anyone else at all?”
“We find small groups of people here and there. Some are traveling. Others are staying put, trying to develop settlements. It’s damned difficult though, without tools or equipment. It’s even hard to domesticate animals. It makes you wonder how people ever did it in the first place. We had the devil of a time getting a handle on these horses.” 
Zinovy glanced at the animal Adam held steady. The horse was an unusually large Arabian stallion, a good seventeen hands, with a strong head and intelligent eyes. He ran his hand down the horse’s neck, but when he reached for the bridle to get a better look at the face, the horse whinnied and shied away, pulling his nose down and back toward his chest.
“Look,” Zinovy said to Adam. “This horse has a sore mouth. There’s fresh blood.”
“I know. Our bits aren’t all shaped quite right. We had to whittle them out of ironwood and it wasn’t easy to get a proper curve every time. But it works, and we don’t have time to worry about the details. The horses adjust after a while. This one just needs some breaking in. I’ve only had him a week.” He laughed. “Our biggest problem is the reins. They’re made of braided vines and the horses eat them if we don’t keep them out of the way.”
He changed the subject. “I’ve noticed you’ve got women in your party,” he said, surveying the camp with narrowed eyes.
Zinovy nodded.
“How did that happen?”
For some reason the question annoyed Zinovy. He considered avoiding the answer, but instead he found himself answering: 
“One was part of the shuttle crew. One was underground working at the base. The other we ran into aboveground soon after we arrived.” He stopped there. Adam was staring at something over Zinovy’s shoulder. Zinovy turned to see what had captured the visitor’s attention. Sara was bending over her bedroll, getting ready for the night.
Adam turned back to Zinovy. “That must slow you down some,” he observed. 
“Not noticeably. They’re all in good shape.”
Adam chuckled. “Yes. I can see that.” 
Zinovy’s annoyance deepened.
The group mounted. Adam took the lead. He straightened and turned to look back at his men as they started out. Then, with a flourish, he dug a heel into his mount’s side and pulled back on the reins. The horse screamed and reared, but the man was in control. With one sharp dig of his heels in the horse’s side they were off. 
Zinovy cringed. The yank on the reins and the kick in the side were unnecessary, but Adam had an audience. Sara was watching the party ride away. Zinovy watched Sara, in turn, trying to decipher the expression on her face. She didn’t appear to have been impressed, but he couldn’t tell for sure. Women were hard to figure out that way. Adam was obviously a skilled horse handler, whatever else he might be.
* * *
The next day they moved on and the crew settled into their routine again. Caleb seemed unaffected by the incident with the Bedouin rider. The horses had fascinated him. He galloped and whinnied everywhere now. 
“Aslan is a horse too,” he solemnly informed Zinovy. “He’s a pony, ‘cause he’s not as big as I am.” The orphans were good for each other, Zinovy thought. He was glad he’d brought the cub back with him.
At lunch, Archie approached the riverbank where Zinovy sat eating with Sara and Caleb. “Zinovy, can we talk a minute?” he said. Zinovy rose and the two walked a short distance away, out of earshot, but still within sight of the group. Their vigilance had become second nature to both of them. 
“I wanted to pass on to you something Mark said to me yesterday,” Archie began. “Remember when we were talking with Adam, and Emery came to get me? I wondered why Mark didn’t just come over, himself. Well, when I got to him he was agitated, and it wasn’t about the incident with Caleb and the Bedouin. He was upset about Adam.”
“I don’t see why. Adam acted civilly enough,” Zinovy munched on a long, slender piece of fruit from a tree he’d never seen before, savoring the red, juicy sweetness, trying to identify the unique taste.
“He said it was just a premonition. He feels the man is dangerous, and he thinks we should be cautious with him.”
“Mark isn’t one to put stock in such things as premonitions.” Zinovy tossed the fruit pit into a bush. “And why is he only telling you now? Why not before?”
“Apparently he’d not seen Adam before—not up close, anyway. He never sat in on any of the discussions we had. He was always off with his family somewhere.” 
Zinovy thought back. No, it had only been some of the crew and the boys at those talks. Grace hadn’t even come. “I guess that’s right. Adam mentioned the women yesterday as if he’d not seen them before. They were in the background when he was here other times.”
“Well, it doesn’t matter, except that I’m not quite sure what to do with Mark’s warning.” 
“I don’t see a big problem with Adam. He’s abrupt sometimes, but he’s generally a reasonable person.” 
They discussed the matter briefly, but came to no conclusions. “We’d better get back,” Archie finally said. “It’s time to get these guys bedded down or we’ll never get them going in the morning. If we didn’t push them, we wouldn’t get anywhere.” 
And the next morning they pushed. For another week they pushed, and the pushing got harder every day. No outside force disturbed their travel. The bright, luminous air danced around them, clean and invigorating, filled with euphoric birdsong. But ominous clouds were forming in another place. Birds were not the only delirious ones. The world was falling apart around them once again. 
* * *
Sara’s delirium was the beginning. It spread. 
Before long the whole camp was affected. Zinovy watched as, one by one, various members of the crew succumbed to the affliction. He wasn’t sure if the problem was a physical one—something to do with an invisible element in the radiated air they breathed—or an emotional one—a delayed reaction, perhaps, to the stress they’d been through. Either way it was dangerous, and it was going to be hard to deal with.
The effect was not universal. Each crew member reacted in a different way. Some became agitated and morose. Carter, Grace and the Muellers fell into this category. Carter, predictably, became grumpier. He muttered constantly to himself, was dissatisfied with everything, and chafed at every delay. He’d been at all of the meetings with Adam, never speaking, but listening intently. Zinovy suspected he was comparing the progress of their own small clan with the ambitions of the Regulus movement and feeling his crew was going nowhere, and too slowly. 
Grace became quiet—too quiet. She functioned all right, but little by little the joyous excitement she’d exhibited since her recovery from the sickness faded. Now she walked under a cloud of unhappiness. Zinovy wanted to ask her what was wrong, but she kept to herself more and more and he was so busy with Sara and Caleb he hadn’t had time to seek her out.
And Mark and Michelle—those two had lost their nerve. The incident with the Bedouins had taken its toll. Mark was edgy. Michelle was paranoid, hovering over the children, who were, of all the crew, the least concerned about anything. They romped and played without a care as their distracted parents scurried around trying to keep them under control. The children loved the water. They would have swum to the city if anybody had let them. 
The others—Sara, Eric and the boys—were afflicted with the “morale” disease at the other end of the scale. Eric, surprisingly, had become a big part of the problem. 
His negativity about Adam was the first sign that something was wrong. The day after the Bedouin incident he said to Zinovy, “I’m becoming less and less enamored with that guy, you know it? There’s something too smooth about him. He comes across as so perfect, but there are kangaroos loose in the top paddock if you ask me.” 
Zinovy wasn’t sure what had precipitated Eric’s dislike—possibly the snub Adam had given him when they first met—but the boy had gone off on a weird tangent, and his detour from sanity ran parallel with Sara’s. 
The problem worsened when it began to affect the Canaveral boys. Eric and Sara had taken to meeting over the little red book. They sat every night now after supper, reading and chatting. One by one, the boys had begun to join them, and they were becoming distracted. They were harder to get going in the mornings and eager to stop early at night. They lingered over meals, talking and laughing, and they dawdled along the trail. Archie and Zinovy spent their days moving up and down the line of stragglers, urging them on. By the end of the week after their encounter with the Bedouins, Zinovy had decided that Archie was the only sane one left in the bunch. 
Archie had reminded everyone of their weekly crew meeting at supper, but no one seemed interested. After they ate, some of the boys went off with Eric where they sat down and began a lively meeting of their own. The rest ran to a nearby clearing and began a raucous game of football. 
The Muellers disappeared for the night. Carter tromped to the edge of the camp and sat down under a tree by himself. Sara went to settle Caleb, and Grace wandered over to join the discussion with the boys and Eric. Archie and Zinovy sat in the center of the camp, watching all the activity around them.
“Are you going to call them to the meeting?” Zinovy finally asked.
Archie shook his head. “We really only have one thing to discuss and you’re the one I need to talk to about that,” he said. 
“Is it to do with Adam?”
“No. It’s the morale problem. I don’t know what to do about it.”
Zinovy nodded. “I know what you mean.” They sat, thinking. Finally Zinovy said, “We must find the source of the problem I think.”
 “Well, the source seems to be that book of Eric’s. They talk about it all the time.”
Zinovy nodded again. Moving back and forth along the trail he caught snatches of conversation from every cluster of stragglers and the talk was always about the book. Passing Mike and Emery he heard: “But what did he expect? What would you do if someone said you were going to have to eat his flesh and drink his blood?”
“Maybe he knew they’d leave if he said that.”
“But why would he want them to?”
Past Raheem and Graham: “He wasn’t literally a lamb. That’s stupid. It was just an analogy.”
“But why a lamb? If he wanted to be respected, he should have picked a lion, or a tiger, or an eagle.”
Conrad and Alex: “It’s impossible, Alex. If the man was dead, he was dead. Either he hadn’t really died, and he came back to them, or he had, and the one they thought was him wasn’t.” 
Zinovy had shaken his head at the intensity of their preoccupation. Now he plucked a piece of fruit from a nearby bush and said to Archie, “They’re all talking nonsense. The remedy has to be a good dose of rational thinking. You and I need to talk with them when they sit to discuss.”
Archie nodded. “You’re right. They were up for hours last night. Maybe we should institute a curfew. They’ve got to be getting tired. That in itself will slow us down.”
Zinovy wasn’t sure a curfew would work. “It would be hard to enforce, I think. They’re not used to confinement, and it’s not how you do things anyway. Maybe just coming alongside them with logic and truth is the best way to go. I’ll sit down with them next time they meet and see if there’s anything I can do. Tomorrow is a rest day. They’ll probably be at it again. I’ll join them.” 
Zinovy’s first attempt at bringing sanity back into the camp was not an overwhelming success. The crew played in the river all day, then, in the early evening, they gathered around the book. The crowd grew, people coming one by one, each listening for a while, then joining in the discussion. Zinovy wandered up and leaned against a tree in what he hoped was an unobtrusive manner. It would do no good to interfere with the discussion until he’d earned the right to be heard. 
Sara was harping on the metaphor idea. She sat cross-legged in a patch of moss, resting her elbows on her knees, and posed her challenge to the group: “What if metaphors are real—I mean, not just pictures of things, but the actual things themselves?”
Zinovy noticed a few cynical frowns at this remark. “You mean like, ‘your teeth are like stars, they come out at night’?” Eric asked. 
“Not all of them, silly,” she said, giggling. “Not the ones humans make up. But what if the Creator has made some? What if truth is actually a person, say?”
“Truth isn’t a metaphor,” Graham pointed out. 
“Okay. So it’s not metaphors I’m talking about, but concepts. What if those kinds of things—things like wisdom and love—aren’t just concepts, but are really real, almost touchable?” Sara paused and looked up at the quizzical expressions on their faces. Then she went on. “What if our concepts are just shadows of the reality, like Plato said? What if truth was a person, in the very beginning, and only became just a concept when human beings came onto the scene?” 
“Or maybe not when they first came on the scene,” added Eric, catching on to her train of thought, “but when they lost their sense of reality, like when they turned away from Truth to go their own way. It was like the connection was broken. They lost their ability to see or touch it.” 
Sara nodded. “Yes. But not ‘it,’ Eric. ‘Him.’ It’s a person, I think. People started thinking their minds could create the ultimate reality, then they invented the word, ‘concept’ to describe the ‘reality’ they’d created. But all along their concept of reality was what was unreal.”
Zinovy’s mind went cross-eyed.
But Eric was pointing to the book again. “That’s what it says. Remember how in the story this bloke, Jesus, is always saying things people take to be literal, but he’s really talking about something spiritual—something you can’t see?”
“You mean like the ‘being born again’ business.” Alex said.
“Yeah. The guy he said that to asked how he could climb back inside his mother and come out again. But Jesus said it was a spirit thing, not a physical thing.”
“Where was that?” Sara asked.
Eric had his finger in the place. He opened the book and read, “In reply Jesus declared, ‘I tell you the truth, no one can see the kingdom of God unless he is born again.’”
Sara straightened. “Wow. That gives me goose bumps. Don’t you see? That’s what I was talking about. There’s a reality—what he calls the kingdom of God—maybe it’s what we call ‘the Truth’—that’s invisible. You can’t see it with physical eyes, but it’s real—maybe even more real than the physical things.”
They were silent for a while. Then Sara took the next logical step. 
“What if Caleb really sees ‘the Truth’—walks and talks with him. Let’s say that in the beginning humans could walk and talk with him too—actually walk and talk with Wisdom, with Truth, personified. But their turning away broke that all up. They turned away from the Person and after that the Person was lost to them.”
“You’re thinking bass ackwards, Sara,” said Emery.
“Maybe. Or else maybe we’ve all been thinking bass ackwards all our lives. Who’s to say?”
“No one,” Graham said. “That’s the whole point.”
Then the debate grew heated. Zinovy was pleased to see that not everyone swallowed the nonsense. There was hope for a return to sanity if the rational ones could prevail. The group was almost evenly divided between those who were intrigued by Sara’s nonsense and those who were vociferously opposed. But Sara was unmoved by the criticism. “You don’t understand,” she finally told them. “You don’t understand because you haven’t seen Him. I saw Him, and I talked with Him, and I know he was not a figment of my imagination.”
Zinovy stood, listening, until the last one had spoken. The argument had not been won or lost. Everyone simply wound down and trudged off to their bedrolls. Zinovy yawned, shook his head, and followed them. He hadn’t said a word. He would bide his time and try again. 
But Zinovy’s second attempt was no better. Nor his third. They met regularly, and he came, time after time, sitting on the edge of the discussion, watching for an opening—a chance to speak against their madness—but the opening never came. He found himself listening, instead, to their arguments, and the arguments were having a disturbing effect on him. Finally he went to Archie. “I’m getting nowhere,” he announced. “We both need to do this. It’s your turn.”
* * *
“Archie, please,” Emery begged. “Just this once.”
It was mid-morning. They’d stopped for lunch at a bend in the river where a bubbling run of waterfalls galloped along the edge of the bank beside them. The stones in the run were smooth, with hollowed centers. They formed a natural water slide into the deeper flow running gently down the middle of the river. The boys had sent a delegation to their commander. 
“Please, Archie,” Raheem coaxed. “Only a little longer.” 
“We’re due for a rest day tomorrow,” Archie reminded them. “We really need to make time.” 
“But we’ll never find this good a section of the river again,” Emery said. “Look how the rocks make that slide along the bank there.”
And so they argued, bordering on mutiny. Archie gave in reluctantly. “All right. I guess an hour or two won’t make that much difference.” He straightened and put his hands on his hips. “I’m not setting a precedent, mind you. It’s my job to make sure we get where we’re going and that purpose is going to have to prevail.”
The boys went off to tell the others and Archie went to find Grace. “Maybe we can use the extra time to catch up on the log,” he muttered to Zinovy as he left. 
Zinovy settled on the riverbank to watch the children play. 
“Come,” Caleb called from the bright waves. “Come play with us, Novy.”
Zinovy shook his head and leaned back against a tree. “You play. I’ll watch.”
He was not fond of water. His cousins had taught him to swim and it had not been a pleasant educational experience. Water in large doses was unpredictable, unsubstantial and uncontrollable. 
“But it’s so much fun,” the boy said. A splash in the face from Eric distracted him and he paddled off to take his revenge. Zinovy watched the altercation with mixed feelings.
Fun. A strange word. Zinovy tried to remember the last time he’d had fun. In military school he’d played games with his comrades, but their games had been part of their training—tests of skill and wits—nothing like this aimless splashing around in unrestricted levity with absolutely no reason behind it. Life was serious then and commitment to the communist cause had overwhelmed any thought of fun. 
But now the seriousness of life, the earnestness of commitment to a cause—all things that were his reason for being—were gone. Even his determination to seek vengeance on Anton had weakened. Everything he used to take so seriously had been dissolved, or perhaps enveloped, in this big, crazy, bright, laughing world that made no sense at all. 
Yet the darkness in that other world had been painful and ugly. The darkness had made the seriousness and the earnestness necessary. Human greed was the foundation of that other world, and devastation and misery had been built upon that foundation. 
For a moment Zinovy gave in. He decided to play a game—one inspired by Sara’s comments about observation. Not a hilarious game, but for a first attempt it wasn’t bad, he thought, and it had no real purpose, so it should qualify. 
He stretched out on his stomach, closed his eyes, and laid his forehead on his folded arms. He listened, focusing on the present moment, to the sounds around him. The children’s laughter, the splashes, the bird songs, the bees humming. He could almost hear the grass growing beneath him, the worms pushing up through the loam around the large, red flowers beside him. 
Gently, the realization came, like words being planted in his head: This is how it was meant to be.
If it is so—if it was meant to be like this—then why is it not? 
“It was not the Creator’s design. Human beings made it so.”
Zinovy’s head flew up. Beside him sat Elan, gazing into the luminescence over the pool where the children played. 
Zinovy could not get used to the way the man moved around. His ability to come and go at will, with apparent total disregard for the limitations of either time or space, was one of the mind-blowing assaults on Zinovy’s reason that constantly threatened his sanity. Even more disconcerting was the way the line between his thoughts and Elan’s sometimes seemed blurred, or even non-existent.
“What did you say?” Zinovy asked.
“I said the Creator meant it to be fun.”
Zinovy stared at him, frowning, and Elan smiled. “Look how Caleb laughs—how free his laughter is. The Creator is laughing with him, can’t you see that?”
In spite of his discomfort, almost annoyance, with Elan’s easy presumption that a creator was involved, Zinovy couldn’t help looking in Caleb’s direction. The boy was splashing Peter in the face and laughing as the water danced off his eyelashes and trickled down his nose. Peter retaliated with an ambitious volume of water. Caleb ducked under the glistening ripples and came up under Jenna’s right arm, sending her head over heels in showers of high-pitched giggles. Zinovy squinted at Caleb, trying to see the boy through Elan’s eyes.
“He’s doing what he was created to do,” Elan said. “He’s enjoying.” 
Zinovy became aware of a strange stirring within him. The stirring gradually turned into a struggle, then an all-out war. Exasperation, pride, confusion, and fear, on the one side, wrestled desperately with a growing, residual germ of longing—a hope that was struggling just as desperately deep in Zinovy’s soul. 
The hope, at first vague and formless, gradually crystallized in his mind. He found himself longing, for all he was worth, to discover some sense, some purpose within or around all the tangled mess human beings had made of the world—the mess that had made enjoyment impossible. 
Finally, out of desperation, Zinovy chose sides in the battle. Turning a deaf ear to all the voices clamoring against the tiny hope that gently, but firmly pressed to the surface of his consciousness, he turned full to Elan and asked, “Why did He allow the evil to destroy the laughter then?” 
The struggle was silenced at once by the light on the bright one’s face.
Elan pondered, choosing his words carefully. “The Creator allowed his creatures freedom of choice because He loved them. Freedom to choose was the only way He could give them dignity. He knew the freedom would allow them to choose evil, and that bondage would come as a result. He was willing to take that risk. It was the only way.” 
Elan turned and looked at Zinovy, as if to gauge his reaction. Then he went on. “He chose to give us the dignity of self-determination. He will always respect that choice. And we all have to live with the consequences.”
Elan’s inclusion of himself in his references to human beings didn’t elude Zinovy. So he was human. Yet he was certainly more than that. Zinovy pushed the insight into the back of his mind, to deal with later. There were other pressing questions: “But could not something be done about the consequences? Must they have been so harsh?” 
Elan’s brow creased. “The consequences had to stay. Removing them would have removed the choice, and the freedom along with it. And, yes, they had to be harsh. They needed to be as intense as the love that allowed the choosing.” 
Light, beauty and goodness saturated the air around them, throwing into stark relief Zinovy’s memory of the darkness—the pain and evil that had ravaged the old world—the world he’d grown up in. He was overwhelmed with the contrast. “But people didn’t know how harsh the consequences would be.” 
“They were told. They were told their rebellion would lead to death, but they chose to ignore the warning. They wanted freedom from the Creator’s dominion, and they were unwilling to believe it would also mean freedom from life and beauty, peace and joy—all that we have here.” Elan raised his hand to the view before them.
What fools they were, Zinovy thought. 
Elan’s response was gentle. “Have you never done the same?”
Zinovy turned again to Elan, taken aback by the question. “I would have chosen this over the other, if it had been me. How could anyone not?”
“But would you choose submission to the Creator as well?” Elan probed. 
Zinovy stiffened. “It’s madness to submit to another. I could never give up my right to control my own destiny.” 
 “When you choose to submit to the Creator—when you choose to trust him in that way—you’re not giving up your right to control your destiny, you’re exercising it. And it’s not a once-in-a-lifetime decision. You affirm that choice—or refute it—every time you make a moral decision, every day of your life.” 
Elan reached out and put a hand on Zinovy’s shoulder. “The Creator will never take away your right to choose, Zinovy. But your experience will eventually limit your options. You will be so overcome by evidence of his goodness that choosing against him will be like renouncing the air you breathe. You will find it impossible not to trust. That’s when the joy becomes unbearably delightful. You wait and see.”
“You speak as if from experience.”
Elan dropped his hand and smiled. “I do.” 
Zinovy was mystified. How could freedom and submission go together? Submission meant repression, restriction, oppression—not this exultant, intoxicating sense of boundless energy that danced around him. 
Elan spoke once more. “What would you think of someone who was offered freedom, but chose instead to build a box around himself, closing everything else out, and imprisoning himself in the process?” 
Zinovy started. Again Elan’s insight was eerie. 
“You can choose the freedom of submission, or you can stay in your box, Zinovy. It’s up to you.”
Zinovy turned to look at the man, but he was gone. 
The joyful laughter of the children as they splashed and dove intruded into his reverie. The thought came to him that he could join them in the pool. He didn’t. He remained on the bank, watching them instead. 




CHAPTER NINETEEN
It was rest day again. 
Zinovy didn’t need a rest, but he needed a break. He’d been bombarded by too many new things lately—too many intrusions—too many questions without answers. He glanced at the river where Sara and the children played. They were well protected. Eric and several of the boys were with them. Eric lifted Caleb out of the water and chuckled at something the tot said. Zinovy stretched out on his back and laid his book over his eyes, relaxing into the warmth of the cushioning grass under him, listening to the hypnotic hum of the bees working a yellow flower field nearby. 
At once the book was lifted off his face. Zinovy squinted up into the brightness and gasped. The eyes of the man who stood before him were piercing, yet gentle. 
“Hello Zjama.”
“Do I know you?” Zinovy asked in a daze.
“We haven’t been formally introduced.” The man smiled. “Would you walk with me?” 
He reached down a hand and waited. Automatically, because it was there and because he was asleep, Zinovy took the hand and was lifted effortlessly to his feet. They walked away from the river into a copse of delicate lime-green trees. The brightness went with them. 
As always, there seemed to be no shadow in this bizarre land. There was a path and they followed it, walking in step, as if their feet responded to the same nerve impulses. Strange. And there were other strangenesses: “You speak Russian?”
“But of course,” the stranger replied. 
“And you know my name?” 
“Yes.”
They walked a while, Zinovy taking it in. Finally he said, “They changed my name to Kim at military school. They said Zinovy was archaic.” He looked over at the stranger. “But you called me Zjama.” He frowned. “It has been many years since I was called Zjama.” 
Memory overwhelmed him, taking him like a strong ocean wave. His mind tumbled topsy-turvy underwater and washed up on the beach of his heart, struggling for a foothold in the surf. The memories were wordless—impressions only—scenes from his early childhood. Anguish, longing and a loneliness so strong he could not speak overcame him.
The stranger brought him around again. “Your mother called you Zjama.” 
“How did you know?”
“I knew her well. You were very young when you lost her.”
“Yes,” Zinovy said.
Again the memories washed over him. He smelled the clean, tangy fragrance of the lye soap his mother used on laundry day. He heard the low guttural sounds of her singing. He saw her worn hands working the washboard, the tendrils of damp hair on her brow, the deep sadness in her eyes—always the sadness—when she looked up from her work. 
He remembered the day the soldiers came. His mother was hanging up the wash in the back yard and he was with her, holding onto her skirts. He’d clutched her more tightly as the men rounded the corner of the house, his fingers responding to a vague sense of danger. They were tall men and they had guns.
“She is mad,” they’d said. “Unfit to live alone.” Her ravings had apparently been reported by the people in the next house, who’d heard her wailing prayers in the night. 
The wails came again as they dragged her away. Zinovy wailed as well. He tugged frantically at the soldier’s hand, desperate to free his mother. She reached out to him, trying to escape. 
She was not a small woman, and desperation—or madness—had made her strong. The soldiers were losing the battle until one of them raised his weapon above her head and brought the butt down hard. 
Instantly there was blood—great bursts of it. She slumped in their arms and they carried her away. Zinovy’s screams had followed them, gradually growing fainter as the neighbors took his little body forcefully in hand.
Zinovy glanced up at the stranger, whose face grew hazy through the mist of memory still clouding his eyes. The man stood beside him, close to his elbow, silent, but attentive. Immediately Zinovy’s mind went back to his mother and he thought of her religion. 
Why would such ideas come to him now? 
For as long as Zinovy could remember his mother had been distracted by her grief for his father. She’d spent long hours crying out to a God Zinovy did not know—a God who never answered her. Yet she’d seemed so solid, so secure—unwavering in her faith. 
“I didn’t want her to go.” Zinovy spoke these words aloud, still lost in the past, forgetting even to wonder about the stranger’s intimate understanding of it all.
“I know.” 
Zinovy looked, finally, at the stranger’s face and was astonished to find the man’s eyes full of tears. Zinovy saw the reflection of his own pain in those brimming eyes, and yet it was as if the pain were being shared—as if the anguish were the stranger’s as well.
Zinovy was shaken. He turned away, gathered his wits and responded, “Well, it was a long time ago. Water under the bridge, as they say. I am a man now. I’m over it.” 
There was no reply. Zinovy resisted the urge to look up, fearing the face of the stranger, unnerved by the discovery of how easily his heart could be turned inside out. Finally the man spoke again. “Yes, you are a man now.” Zinovy released his breath in a long, slow whisper. Then the stranger continued. “But there is still a small boy inside who needs to grieve.” 
Zinovy said nothing. He was too busy struggling against his emotions. 
“I was there, you know,” the stranger went on as if to explain his insight into Zinovy’s past.
Zinovy shivered. “No. I didn’t know. I didn’t see you.”
They walked in silence. Then, “I’ve always been there, Zinovy.” 
Tears came to Zinovy’s eyes. He blinked them away. He hadn’t tasted his own tears in a long time. It wouldn’t do to allow them here, especially in front of a stranger. But his heart was full of them, swelling with them, wanting release so badly his chest hurt.
Now the stranger turned to him, looked with those piercing eyes into the depths of his soul and asked a question. “Do you know what your name means?”
Zinovy was stricken by the dazzling intensity of the eyes, and taken aback by the sudden change of topic. He shifted his gaze to the top of the leafy glade, and thought again of his mother. He remembered, now, a thing she had told him shortly before he lost her:
“Zjama, wherever you go, whatever you do, always remember what your name means.” 
“What does it mean, Mama?” he had asked, wondering at the seriousness of her tone.
She had taken his face in her hands, lifted it to her own, and said: “Your name, Zinovy, means ‘walking with God’.”
Zinovy felt the man’s eyes on him—felt the warmth of the compassion in those eyes. Desperately he fought for control. Then the stranger said, “Tears are a good thing, Zinovy.” 
Zinovy’s legs melted. He sank to his knees in the soft grass. Something turned over inside him—a golden goblet brimming with all the feelings he’d supressed since the day they’d told him, “Zinovy, you are a man now. You have to be strong.” 
The tears spilled out of his soul onto the ground where his body now lay crumpled. He tried to draw them back—to stop the flow. What he was doing was unthinkable. But the deluge continued, its flow stronger than his power to resist, until, finally, his spirit melted and he gave himself over to the grief, abandoning his pride for the sheer relief of letting go.
He cried for his mother. He cried for the father he’d never known. He cried for the baby chicks he’d once loved so tenderly, and lost. He cried for Nadya and the baby he hadn’t had a chance to know either. And little by little, comfort seeped into his soul, replacing the tears, filling the empty corners of his heart.
Later, much later, when his tears were spent, he remembered the stranger. He turned to look once again into those gentle eyes, but they were gone. A slight breeze shimmered through the dazzling brilliance of the day. 
As Zinovy re-focused on the reality of the moment, he heard, almost as a whisper, the stranger’s last words: “You’ve always been Zinovy.”
He was back again, under his book, when Sara came running up to the bright shade of their picnic spot. He woke with her coming, dazed and silenced by the strangeness of his dream.
“Where did you go?” Sara asked.
“I went nowhere.” he replied. “I’ve been asleep here since you left.”
“No you haven’t. Why would you tell me that? I saw you go off with the stranger a while ago.”
Zinovy studied her face, confused, looking for signs she was teasing, but she continued to watch him, waiting for an answer. The noisy arrival of the children, back from their swim, saved him from an explanation. 
“Hello Novy,” Caleb said. “Did you bring me another surprise from the forest?”
There was a pause. “No.” Zinovy said, distractedly. “Not this time, Caleb.” He glanced down, amazed to find the dampness of fresh tears on his shirt.
* * *
Zinovy slept restlessly that night. Perhaps that explained his instant reaction when the cry rang out. He was on his feet and running before he was fully awake. Eric scrambled up and followed. 
The two of them had bedded down in a thicket near the center of camp and so were the first to reach Simon, who was standing at the northern edge of the compound, hopping from one foot to the other, clutching his arm. Blood oozed from between his fingers.
Soon the whole camp was awake. Grace ran up and took Simon’s elbow. “Stand still. Let’s see what’s happened to you.” She drew his hand aside and probed the wound on his forearm. He winced and pulled away. Archie stood over him, hair tousled, clothing awry, and barked out his questions. “What happened? What are you doing over here?”
Simon grimaced and told his story. “I got up to go to the john,” he began. “I heard a rustling sound over there where we stashed the supplies last night so I went over to see what was going on. These two big guys came crashing out of the bushes and ran away.” He looked down at Grace, “Don’t touch it. It really hurts.”
“Someone go get the medical kit,” Grace said, looking around at the other boys who stood staring, dazed with sleep. Raheem detached himself from the crowd and sprinted over to the tree where they’d hung the supplies while Simon went on with his story. 
“So anyway, I started after them. It was probably a dumb thing to do, but I just reacted. One of them turned around and slashed at me with a knife. Then they took off.”
“Which direction?” Archie asked. Simon pointed to a break in the shrubbery to the north. “Zinovy, you and Eric—after them,” Archie ordered. 
Zinovy was happy to go. He and Eric were gone before Archie had finished his sentence. 
They found nothing, of course. The shrubbery to the north of the camp opened out into a vast meadow. They could see for miles, and there was no sign of movement anywhere. “We might as well go back,” Eric said. “They’re gone by now.”
When they got back, Simon was still bleeding and the crew were studying something on the ground at their feet. It was the empty box their supplies had been stored in. Only a few rags of clothing remained.
Archie swore. “They’ve taken our medical supplies, our shovels, the log book—everything.” He stooped down and riffled through the box again. Then he stood up and looked around. “They’ve got the knives too. Both of them. Damn. Our only weapons.”
Simon still clutched his arm and the blood continued to ooze, though not so freely. Grace looked around. “There’s got to be something we can put on this wound,” she said. 
Sara had stood quietly by during the search. Now she said, “I know something. I saw some growing nearby on our way into the camp last night.” She turned away and charged off to the edge of the clearing. 
Zinovy loped after her. “Stop. Are you still so stupid to think you can go off into the bush alone?” 
She frowned up at him and continued on her way, leading him past the shrubbery that encircled the camp to an avocado-colored plant growing alongside a large population of calla lilies he’d noticed earlier. She proceeded to pluck a couple of the broad, thin leaves near the base of the stem where the largest ones grew, and headed back to the others, snapping off a length of vine as she went. 
“Move over,” she commanded, as she reached Simon. They made a path for her and she took Simon’s arm. Zinovy leaned in for a closer look. The blood masked the area around the wound, but it looked to be about ten centimeters long and, judging by the way the flesh was splayed out around the center, at least a centimeter deep.
“Elan showed me these leaves,” Sara explained to the others. “They have healing properties. Just lay it on your arm, Simon, like so, and then we’ll wrap these vines around. It’ll be okay by tomorrow.” Zinovy scoffed inwardly as Sara finished tying the ends of the vine, giving the poultice a final pat before she sent Simon on his way. 
Everyone dispersed. “Let’s try to get some sleep,” Archie said. “I want to start on time tomorrow if we can.” 
Zinovy turned and moved off to the edge of the camp where Conrad, who was on scout duty that night, was supposed to be posted. The boy was nowhere in sight. 
Zinovy couldn’t remember seeing him in the group of boys surrounding Simon, but he supposed he had been there, lost in the confusion. Zinovy had just turned back toward the sleep site, intending to rouse Conrad and put him back on duty, when the boy appeared at the edge of the shrubbery on the south side of the camp.
“Conrad. I was coming to get you. Why were you not at your post?”
“I was checking, looking for something the men might have dropped.”
“Didn’t you hear Simon say they went to the north?”
Conrad nodded. “Yeah. I began over that way, then came around on the outside, but I didn’t see any movement. I think they’re long gone.”
“How did the men get into the center of the camp past you in first place? Didn’t you hear them come?”
Conrad shrugged. “I don’t know. They must have kept low, or come in from behind me. I didn’t see them until I heard Simon yell.”
Zinovy rubbed his chin. Conrad shifted from one foot to the other. “I did find this,” he said, and handed over a black notebook. 
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. “This will please Archie. Did you find anything else?”
“No. That was all.”
“Okay. Will you manage to stay awake for the rest of your watch, or do you need to be relieved?”
“No. I’m okay. Thanks.” The boy sat down on a clump of moss and settled into a position that gave him a broad view of the camp and its environs. Zinovy headed back to the command center. It was good they had the logbook back, but the next entry would document an alarming increase in the vulnerability of their defense system. 
* * *
 “We need to talk about our situation,” Archie began at their meeting the next night. “The business of the knife thievery jacks our need for a defense strategy up a notch or two.” He looked around at the boys as he spoke, waiting for signs they were taking him seriously. They were. He went on.
“The first thing we have to do is increase the night watch. From now on I want two guards on duty at all times. Now, hold on, hold on,” he continued, as a din of protests rose from the crowd. “I know that will double your duty time, so Eric, Zinovy, Charles and I are willing to add ourselves to the roster. We’re going to serve night watch along with you.” He took out the logbook and read the schedule he and Zinovy had worked out. “Ruben, you and Alex will go on duty tonight. Then tomorrow night Simon and Graham are on—”
Simon interrupted, “Why can’t Ruben and I be together? We always go together. It’s better that way.”
“No, it’s not, Simon. If you and Ruben are together you’ll distract each other. You won’t pay attention.”
“That’s not true,” Ruben interjected. “If we’re together we’ll be more alert, because we’ll be looking out for each other.” The two boys sat together, arms folded, determination on their faces. 
Archie gave in. “Okay. I guess it doesn’t make that much difference. Ruben, we’ll put you with Simon, and Alex and Graham can go together. We’d better put Alex and Graham on tonight. That will give you another day to rest your arm, Simon. How is it, by the way?”
Zinovy rolled his eyes. If these boys had argued with their commander in Russia they would have been shot. But Simon’s response to Archie’s query captured his attention again.
“It’s fine.” Simon pulled his sleeve up and thrust his arm out in front of them. Zinovy gaped. The poultice was gone, and so was the wound. 
“Let me see that,” he said, reaching out and pulling Simon’s arm over for a closer look. Nothing but a faint scar remained of the deep wound Zinovy had seen in that flesh less than twenty-four hours ago. 
Archie continued with his agenda. “Well, we’ll put you two on for tomorrow night then.” He ripped the page from the logbook. “I’ll post this schedule here on the tree so the rest of you can check it after the meeting. Meanwhile, we need to talk about something else.”
He took a breath and went on. “The loss of the knives is bad. For one thing, it deprived us of our only weapons.” He glanced at Zinovy. “Well, not quite. We do have one weapon left, but only Zinovy can use it.” 
Zinovy frowned. He and Archie had talked about this earlier in the day. Somehow Archie had found out about the special skill in his hands. Archie couldn’t have known the specifics just from the killing of the vandal, or from the incident with the Bedouin. Carter must have told him. Carter was the only one who knew anything about Zinovy’s past, and he was a blabbermouth.
Zinovy didn’t mind Archie’s knowing. The commander was right. They needed every weapon available and Zinovy was ready to be of service—even to kill again if it became necessary to protect the crew. His frown deepened as he remembered Elan’s reaction to the last time. The incident with Sara’s attacker had proven his hands were still fit, and the instinct would always be there. But he was only one person, and he couldn’t be everywhere. 
Archie was still speaking to the crew. “But the bigger problem is that the weapons we’ve lost have fallen into the hands of our enemies. They’ve already used a knife on one of our crew and they’ll likely do it again.”
Zinovy looked around at the circle of upturned faces. All were thoughtful. All were young. All were completely vulnerable. He groaned inwardly. This was their army. God help them. He quietly assessed the strength of the enemy. First there’d been the lion kill. Then the rape attempt. The rape attempt had eliminated two of the vandals. 
Or wait. What if it hadn’t? One of them was dead, but Elan had taken the other away. What if he’d released him instead of eliminating him? Zinovy grimaced. Either way, at least two enemies were still active, maybe more. They had no way of knowing how many, or where they were, or when they might attack. The old gloom was settling over Zinovy. He’d been a fool to think the worst was over.
Archie’s voice interrupted his dark foreboding. “I’m saying this just to make you aware. We need to be alert at all times.”
“We know that already, Archie,” Emery said.
“Then act like you know it,” the commander replied.
* * *
The crew adapted quickly to the new watch schedule and life settled back into a predictable pattern. That was good and bad, Zinovy mused. Good that they moved on schedule again. Bad that the pattern once more included the gatherings around Eric’s red book. Nothing, it seemed, could distract the book club members for long. 
It had been two weeks since Zinovy had sat in on one of their sessions. Archie had gone to a few. He’d been as ineffective as Zinovy at changing anybody’s mind, but the dissention in the group continued. There was still hope that the skeptics would win out in the end. 
Tonight the company had gathered, as usual, before bedtime. They’d walked another six miles after supper, but they weren’t yet eager for sleep. Archie was attending, but Zinovy decided to sit in, too. He approached quietly, found a spot near enough to listen without being intrusive, and watched the animated faces as they debated the topic of the day. The issue, it seemed, centered around a controversial sentence found somewhere near the middle of the book. Eric, once again, had his finger in the place, and was spouting off as Zinovy sat down.
“But that’s what he says—right here in chapter fourteen.” He opened the book, glanced down the page, and proceeded to read: “Don’t let this throw you. You trust God, don’t you? Trust me. There is plenty of room for you in my Father’s home.” 
Alex interrupted Eric. “Hold on. That’s this Jesus person talking, isn’t it? And the father he’s talking about—that’s God, right?”
Eric nodded. “All along in this book he’s calling God his father. That’s one thing that made the religious people so mad at him. They claimed he was calling himself God when he did that.”
“Well doesn’t he say he’s God, later on? Or something to that effect?”
“Well, wait a minute. Let me finish reading. We’ll get to that part.” Eric turned again to the book, found his place and continued: “If that weren’t so, would I have told you that I’m on my way to get a room ready for you?”
“Wait a minute. If ‘what’ weren’t so. I lost you there,” said Emery. 
Eric gave an exasperated sigh. “He’s saying that there’s plenty of room for them in his father’s house—that’s heaven. Jesus is saying they should trust him. That there’s room in heaven for them and he’s going to come back and take them there some day, get it?” 
Emery nodded and Eric went on. “Let’s see. Where was I? If you guys would quit interrupting we might get somewhere. Oh yes. Anyway, he says that they know the way to get to this place he’s preparing, and they tell him, ‘No, that’s not true, we don’t know,’ and then he says, ‘Yes, you do. I am the way.’ Here, I’ll read it to you.” He turned the page and read: ‘Jesus said, I am the Road, also the Truth, also the Life. No one gets to the Father apart from me.’”
“Hold on. Hold on. Whoa again.” It was Graham this time. “What does he mean saying no one gets to God without him? He can’t mean no one, period. I mean, all the different people—different cultures all over the world. He didn’t even know about all the people that existed at that time. There can’t be only one way for all of them. This guy doesn’t know what he’s talking about. No one has a right to tell anyone else the way to God.” 
A verbal brawl started then, everyone talking at once. Zinovy sat with arms folded, waiting for the din to subside. Graham had a point. It would be good if he could make it. Eventually order was restored, and the argument picked up where it had left off.
“I think we have to consider the source,” Sara said. “Just how reliable is it? How reliable is this man? We’ve already seen that he’s a good man. And he’s powerful. He’s healed people. He’s fed the masses with five loaves of bread. He’s walked on water. He’s even raised people from the dead, for God’s sake. Those are pretty impressive credentials.”
“Oh come on, Sara. All those things are what the book says he’s done. Whoever was writing it was obviously a great fan of his. None of that is reliable. It’s impossible—all those things. It’s not how the world works.”
“You know how the world works, do you, Graham?” Sara tilted her head at him and scowled. Zinovy cringed. He knew that look. “We thought we knew everything, back then in the good old days,” she said. “Science explained it all. But now look at us. We’re still in that world, but everything’s changed. Nothing fits our analysis any more. What makes you think we ever did know how things really worked?”
They were quiet for a while. Finally Raheem spoke. “Well, if this book is true—if it really is the Creator’s communication to humans, like Eric has been trying to convince us—then it almost makes sense, what this man says. It would make sense that he could be the only way to get to God, if the book says so.”
“What do you mean?” Simon asked.
“I mean, what makes us think we would get to choose how to find God, especially if we have blown it—if we have chosen to go our own way from him. Why should we be able to choose our own way back? He is the one who is offended. He is the one who can say how we need to make amends.”
Again it was quiet. They were beginning to wear out. 
After a while, Ruben chimed in. “I can see it, somehow. A bunch of puny humans strutting around on the earth, each one saying, ‘I’ll do it my way, thank you,’ and the Creator looking down on them.” 
“Probably shaking his head,” Eric said.
“Maybe he is laughing,” Raheem said.
“I don’t think so,” said Sara.
“I don’t think so either. This kind of God wouldn’t have a sense of humor. The whole idea is preposterous.” Archie had spoken at last. “Any God who would insist on having his own way about how people get to heaven—that means if they don’t do it his way they would go to the other place, right? Any God who would do that to even one of his creatures can’t be good.”
So they were back where they had started. 
No, not all of them. As the others began to turn in for the night, Alex remained seated. Zinovy looked down at him. “It’s time to go to bed.” 
Alex frowned. “You know, Zinovy. I believe it,” he said. “I think it’s true.”
Zinovy paused. “Why?”
“I don’t know. It just sounds right. No one could make up this good a lie. I mean a lie that makes things good, like this does.”
“But that’s just the thing. It only makes things good for people who conform—people who give up their own way and follow this teaching. What about others—ones who choose their own way? It’s not good for them.”
Alex, still seated, gazed out across the compound toward the horizon, now glowing softly in the muted shades of the midnight air. “Well, I don’t know about the others,” he said. “But I think I’ve made my choice. I’m going to choose this way.”
He gave Zinovy a wry grin. Then he reached a hand up. Zinovy grasped it, pulled the young man to his feet, and they walked off to their bedrolls.




CHAPTER TWENTY
Zinovy was grumpy. The constant worry about the possibility of another vandal attack was wearing on him, and the extra night watch duty didn’t help either. He was sleep deprived and it showed in his attitude. 
“I’m going to do some scouting,” he announced to Eric after supper. “You watch Sara and the boy.” Then he tromped off, ruminating on their current situation as he went.
It galled him to know that the butcher knives were back in the hands of the vandals. That was a massive failure on their part—the losing of those knives. And it irritated him to think one of the men who had stolen the knives might have been the one Elan took captive after Sara’s attack. 
Zinovy still smarted from the tongue-lashing Elan had given him over the killing of the rapist. He couldn’t get past his frustration with Elan’s self-righteous attitude, and he still chafed at Elan’s insistence that the man should have had a chance at redemption. Ridiculous. A man who would do such a thing did not deserve redemption. Redemption should be reserved for someone who had redeemable qualities—not a selfish beast who thought only of indulging his own animal passions. 
At the edge of camp, he stopped and looked north, across a meadow of rose and lavender flowering shrubs that ended in a cluster of evergreen trees in the distance. His eye caught movement underneath the trees. He studied the scene, narrowing his eyes to extend their focal point, until a herd of antelope moved out from under the cover and wandered away to the east. Then he continued on his way, turning left about fifty meters from camp to begin a wide circuit around to the west. His thoughts returned to the vandal. 
Zinovy had no patience with men ruled by their passions. He’d known many—had watched them either die violent deaths at an early age, or gradually waste away, slipping from pot to cocaine, from cat house to flop house, eventually hugging their vodka bottles and groaning out their last miserable hours alone in back rooms or back alleys. The irrationality of the waste disgusted him. It was unnecessary. He’d struggled with the booze, like everyone had, but he’d dealt with it. 
His most difficult struggle for control, ironically, had involved the most normal and innocent activity—an activity his cousins had introduced into his life early on—something that had brought him comfort in the lonely days and weeks after his mother’s death. 
“Here Zinovy. Check this out. Did you ever see such knockers?”
He remembered, now, when he’d begun to notice the porn was addictive. It was a gradual process—at first just a fleeting thought that interrupted his normal activities now and then. But before long the fantasies had become annoyingly intrusive. They started to pop up at awkward moments, like spam on his mental computer screen. 
The issue finally came to a head during a class on military strategy, of all things. He’d been listening and taking notes—interested in the information, needing it to pass an upcoming exam—when his mind wandered off completely against his will. The next thing he knew the images were flashing before his eyes, one after the other, seductively sucking him into a kind of lethargy, a stupor that promised great delight, but would do nothing to help him pass his exam. 
He pulled himself back to the lecture before he lost total control, but the incident was a wake-up call. The innocent distraction had become a dangerous enemy. He posted a sentry and began to fight one of the most intense battles of his military career. 
He hadn’t been a monk, of course. His sex life had included the usual variety of experiences, most of them the non-entangling kind. And except for occasional lapses—times when the Vodka got the better of him and his rational defenses were down—he’d chosen his establishments carefully.
He hadn’t completely dismissed the pornographic fantasies, but he’d brought them under control, indulging only during his sexual exploits with real female bodies, using them as a tool to enhance his pleasure when the women he was with were less than satisfying. He remembered some of those fantasies as he walked through the fading radiance of the day.
Somewhere along the way Zinovy became dimly aware of a presence walking by his side. The presence entered his thoughts, quietly, unobtrusively. Persistently, it wormed its way into the deeper places of his memories. The presence was incongruous—somehow out of place in this setting—but it walked on, matching Zinovy’s stride, doggedly pursuing a companionship Zinovy did not relish. 
Zinovy squirmed—thrashed around for a different kind of memory—but the images kept coming. Wave after wave of long legs, smooth thighs, rounded breasts splashed across the screen before him—all the pictures he’d ever viewed, the sensations he’d felt, the releases—moments of ecstasy. 
Zinovy’s steps quickened. So did those of the silent presence. The screen was much too public. Too many eyes were watching, but the images continued, uninhibited by the audience. 
Zinovy remembered other eyes—those belonging to one of the girls. They were closed tightly. Her face had registered an irrepressible, almost tormented physical response. He couldn’t help thinking that she didn’t really need him. It had been a clinical observation on his part. He wasn’t involved either, but he marveled at how desperate she seemed for the moment’s release. When they were through she methodically gathered her things and left, without a word or a glance in his direction. 
There were other eyes, also closed tightly, but in this case they masked a frightened denial. She was young, new to the profession, not the best lay of his life, but his passion had run high that night and he came away refreshed in spite of her tense unresponsiveness. He’d gotten his money’s worth. 
Abruptly he remembered the one walking by his side. He stole a glance upward and was riveted by what he saw. The visage was shattered, marred almost beyond recognition, contorted with a pain that seemed beyond human endurance. Zinovy, caught off guard, could not drag his gaze away. The man’s eyes were open, brimming with sorrow and anguish—the welled tears forming great, deep pools reflecting a terrible grief. 
Reproach pierced Zinovy’s heart as he recognized the presence. A few days before the brimming eyes had held tears for his pain. 
A trembling weakness consumed him and, as he looked, entranced, he saw another reflection within those aching pools of pain. It was not a beautiful picture. He recoiled from the sight, denying the meaning of the vision. 
And then another battle began. This time Zinovy was fighting for his life, his identity, his very soul. He would not accept the image in the stranger’s eyes—he could not—yet the likeness was undeniable. The sexual images flashed through his memory again, only this time the bodies had faces. They all had eyes that were closed tightly, straining against the pain, and this time he recognized the features. 
They all looked like Sara. 
The ramparts of Zinovy’s soul crumpled into fragments at his feet, stripped for the first time of all self-righteous defenses. He saw, in the stranger’s eyes, himself—Zinovy Efimovich Kozlov—the vandal rapist. 
Somehow he managed to pull himself together—to stumble back to camp and find his bedroll. Somehow he slept. But changes needed to be made. 
The next morning Zinovy had a talk with Archie.
* * *
Zinovy wasn’t the only miserable pilgrim. Sara trudged along the trail beside Eric, who was, at that moment, trying to keep Caleb from darting off into the bushes after a strange animal with dubious pet qualifications.
“It looks like an aardvark, of all things,” Eric exclaimed. “They’re from Africa too. How could all these animals have traveled so far, so fast?”
Sara felt no need to answer him. He was talking to himself. He’d been doing a lot of that, maybe out of necessity. They’d walked together for three days now, and she’d probably said five sentences the whole time. 
Ever since Archie had come to tell her that Eric would be responsible for her safety from now on—that Zinovy had duties elsewhere—she’d been out of sorts. She knew it hadn’t been Archie’s decision—that Archie was going along with the change in plans at Zinovy’s insistence. She’d seen them arguing. Then she’d seen Archie go to Eric, seen Eric listen to what he had to say and nod his head. She knew what was going on. She just didn’t know why.
Zinovy didn’t even look at her anymore. When they passed each other in the camp he’d jerk away, looking like his shorts were too tight or something. At first it had hurt. Now it only made her mad. She didn’t care, really. It was just rude of him to treat her that way.
“Caleb, no,” Eric said to the boy bouncing up and down by his side. “That animal’s gone. You don’t need another pet anyway. You’ve got Aslan.” 
Sara tried, once again, to remember anything she’d said or done that might have offended the sulking Russian, but she couldn’t. The last time they’d talked he’d been quite civil and nothing had happened since then that could explain this change in his attitude.
She shook herself. It was better this way. Zinovy had always been a grump. And she liked Eric. He was easy to live with. She looked up and gave him a tentative smile. “I haven’t been much fun to walk with these past three days, have I?” she began.
Eric grinned back down at her. “Oh, you’re just barrels of fun. I can’t imagine how boring this walkabout would be without your constant earbashing.”
She laughed, and they walked on in silence again. Finally Eric said, “Would you care to tell big brother what’s been going on in that little noggin of yours?”
She longed to do just that, but the Zinovy topic was too sensitive. She could tell him about her other great angst—the deeper reason for her restless unhappiness. It was a safer topic—one he already knew something about.
She sighed and looked at the ground. “Do you remember when I talked about my father, and how angry I was at him?”
“Yes.”
“Well, I’m still struggling with that whole forgiveness thing.” She turned to face him. “I know it’s bad. I know I should let go. But, if I forgive him, it’s like saying what he did was okay.”
They walked in silence for a while. Then she went on. “Did you know Elan once talked to me about this?”
“No. Has Elan even been here since then? I can’t remember seeing him.”
“He came one night when I was feeling bad. It was late and I was the only one awake. Anyway, when I told him how I felt, he shook his head. He said that forgiveness doesn’t negate the wrong—that my father would still have to face the consequences of what he’d done. But he said I had no right to deal with that. It was an issue between my father and God.” 
She looked up. “Does that make sense to you?” 
Eric narrowed his eyes and gazed off into the distance. “I think so. I can see how it would be hard to do, though. I mean, if you let go of the issue, there’s no guarantee it would ever be resolved—that the other guy would get what’s coming to him.” He glanced down at her. “So you could say that forgiveness is an act of faith, I guess.”
Sara nodded. “That’s kind of how Elan put it. He said, ‘When you forgive, you release the person who has wronged you into God’s custody. You give up your right to justice and revenge. You entrust that right to God.’” She stopped talking and they walked quietly for a while. “He challenged me to do it—right then,” she finally said. “But I couldn’t.”
Sara was picturing that night, remembering how hard it had been for her to even consider giving up the anger. Elan had waited patiently for her to respond, reasoning with her ever so gently. “In the process, Sara—in the process of giving up the anger—you become whole. The damage that has been done to you is healed.”
Sara had bowed her head and Elan had watched her. She could feel the compassion in his eyes, creeping down over her neck and shoulders. Like a soft, warm blanket, it had wrapped itself around her cold heart. “It’s your choice, Sara. You can choose to act in faith or you can choose to continue to live in fear and anger and hatred.” 
“What if I can’t do either?” The words were muffled, spoken through the hands she had put to her face.
“Those are the only two options. If you don’t choose the one, you will be choosing the other.”
Her tears had fallen to the ground, then. “You don’t know how hard it is. You don’t understand,” she’d said in a broken voice. 
“I do understand, my dear. I’ve been there.”
Eric broke into her story then. “He said that? He said he’d ‘been there’?”
She nodded.
Eric frowned. Finally he said, “Elan is a strange person. He talks like a human, but the way he comes and goes . . . . Maybe he’s an angel or something.”
The new topic of conversation drew Sara out of herself. She straightened her shoulders and they walked on, Eric matching his long stride to hers and the small gallop that was Caleb’s. They talked about Elan and the mysteries of his comings and goings. Late that afternoon she realized she felt better. Nothing had been resolved, but talking with Eric had been good for her. She relaxed more when he was around. She had never been able to relax with Zinovy. He was just too dark—too difficult to figure out. She determined to enjoy these new arrangements. 
“Speak of the devil!” Eric’s comment interrupted her thoughts once more. “Here comes Elan now.” 
* * *
The Insanity Club, as he had begun to call it, was meeting again. Zinovy leaned on a broad tree trunk near the center of camp and watched as they gathered by the riverbank. 
A week ago the crew had discovered a species of plant whose bushy stems formed a natural wattle. The bushes grew low to the ground, their networked branches curving into shallow buckets that extended up the center of each plant, making them perfect lounge chairs. Eric had chosen one of these clusters of bushes for their gathering. 
Zinovy folded his arms and studied the young man as he settled down and pulled the red book from his pocket. Five boys sauntered over from the dish pit and one came from the latrine area. Mike was off preparing for the first watch of the night. Zinovy didn’t know where Conrad was. Grace and Michelle were joining the group tonight, it seemed, and Sara, of course, was there. 
Zinovy had avoided these meetings ever since his latest run-in with the stranger. He was too close to this one, but it was hard to retreat any great distance. They were deliberately making their campsites smaller these days. A sparse thicket grew on the opposite side of the clearing. He could at least go that far. 
As he straightened to leave, his glance swept past Sara who was curling up in one of the bushes. In that brief moment she looked his way and her expression stiffened. He read the confusion in her eyes as she looked at him. He knew how she must be feeling, but he was helpless to do anything about it. Every vision of her—in the flesh or in his memory—brought a fresh flood of remorse—a fresh realization of the darkness in his past. He turned his back on her and walked away.
But there was to be no real escape, even then. As Zinovy hunched down in the trees along the northern boundary of the camp he discovered he had a companion.
Elan began without preamble, as was his habit. “They’re talking about the Passover story tonight—the one Sara told you a while back, remember?”
Zinovy squinted up at his uninvited guest and scowled “How did you know about . . . .” The sentence went unfinished. Elan smiled. Zinovy frowned. “It is not an amusement, this coming and going and interrupting and eavesdropping you do constantly.”
“This is a transparent world you live in, Zinovy. Nothing is hidden. Except, of course, the things people hide from themselves. There are still those kinds of shadows and secrets.”
Zinovy’s scowl remained. He shoved his hands in his pockets and turned his face away from his companion. It was true. The light in this new world penetrated everything. The surroundings were spacious, but, oh, so close. Too close. 
“Zinovy, forgive my intrusion. I know your desire for privacy. If you tell me to leave, I will go. But I want, first, to let you know there is an escape from the darkness that enshrouds you.” 
Elan waited. Zinovy felt his patient presence, soft as a quiet spring, gently expectant, like a dew-drenched meadow anticipating the coming of the morning sun. Gradually, only slightly against his will, Zinovy relaxed. He knew Elan would take his silence as consent, but somehow he couldn’t bring himself to close this door. 
“You can’t go back, Zinovy,” Elan said. “You can’t revise, or recreate the past, but it can be redeemed.”
Still Zinovy sat in silence—helpless, now, before the light that intruded into his soul. As he sat, his mind went back, once again, into his past. He saw his childhood—not just the pain, but his reactions to the pain. His anger. His hatred. His determined scrabbling for peace and pleasure at the expense of everything else—of everyone else in his life. His years in the military and beyond—his FSB activities —the heartless cruelty of his profession and the satisfaction it gave him to vent his spleen on human beings he didn’t know and didn’t care about. He saw the selfishness of his independence—his not caring—his lofty isolation from the rest of the world. 
The light continued to probe—pressing into the dark places of his spirit, opening every sealed chamber, revealing, dispelling, then flooding each empty cavity with its warm brightness.
“How can this be?” Zinovy finally asked, his voice a whisper. “This redemption?”
“The gift of redemption was made possible at great cost, Zinovy. It is freely offered to us, but it cost God his life.”
“And it is free? It costs us nothing? That’s not right.”
Elan smiled. “It is free,” he repeated. “But to receive the gift you will have to give up everything.”
Zinovy gaped at Elan. “Then it’s not free.”
Elan threw his head back and laughed—a deep, rich, rolling laugh that hit Zinovy like a slap in the face. He stared at the bright one, open-mouthed.
Then Elan turned to him and his expression softened. “It’s a mystery, Zinovy—a mystery that you won’t understand until you decide to accept it.” Zinovy gazed back into those eyes, still shimmering with the afterglow of his laughter, and wilted. It was impossible to understand this man’s philosophy. 
Quietly, Elan went on. “Remember when I told your crew, in the beginning, that you needed to leave the place where you had landed? You asked me why, then, and I said I could not tell you. You had to make the choice to leave without knowing the whole. When you had made that choice, then you were ready to learn more.” Elan waited until Zinovy nodded, half reluctantly, before he continued. “So it is with this mystery,” he said. “You have to choose to receive the gift before you can understand it. When you decide to do that, the mystery will become clear—not to your head, but to your heart.”
And once more he was gone.
Zinovy sat still, stunned and silent, until gradually the sound of voices from across the camp drifted into his consciousness. Eric was speaking. “That’s an interesting story.” 
The familiar sound of Sara’s voice came in reply: “Jewish history is full of interesting stories. Myths, they’re called. They’re true stories—at least many of them are considered historical accounts—but they have metaphorical significance, especially to Jews. That story speaks to them of Yahweh’s redemption—his salvation.”
Redemption. How strange. What did it mean? The question hung in the ribbons of light floating before his face like a wisp of smoke on an airless summer night. Zinovy dropped his head in his hands. 
* * *
That was how Sara found him. 
The meeting had broken up, the participants headed off in various directions to grab some sleep. Sara, determined to bring an end to her misery, one way or another, plodded quietly over to Zinovy’s retreat. She stood waiting for him to sense her presence and look up. When he did, she noticed the glistening of tears in his eyes. 
He didn’t even try to hide them from her. Instead he reached up and took her hand. Her heart softened. She stooped down and settled on the ground by his side.
“I’m sorry, Sara,” he began. “It wasn’t you, you must realize. It was me only.”
“It’s okay,” she said. “You don’t have to explain.” She waited, sitting still beside him, savoring—wondering at the sweet warmth of his hand on hers. Finally she said, “I just need to know—can we maybe be friends again?” 
He swallowed several times. She hurried on, suddenly shy, but wanting to finish what she’d come to say: “I mean, we don’t have to be together. I’d just be glad to know it was all right between us. It bothers me, somehow, if it isn’t.”
Zinovy looked at her, a gentle amazement in his eyes. Then he reached out his other hand, pulled her over, and gathered her into his arms. They sat together in the glowing twilight of the night, saying nothing, yet saying everything that needed to be said. Finally he released her and she stood up to go. 
The next day nothing had changed. Sara still walked with Eric. Caleb chirped and galloped between them. Zinovy went about his business, never once touching her with his eyes, but she knew things were different. The distance between them was now filled with a quiet understanding. She sensed, in the soft lines of his face, that he shared the peace she felt, and she was content. 
Before long they drifted together again, quite naturally. The little appendage, restless with the lengthy separation from his idol, kept lagging behind, pulling on Eric’s hand, waiting for Zinovy to catch up. So the four of them walked together, Eric falling back slightly, leaving the other three to move ahead on their own. 
* * *
 “All right. We’ve got to do something about this problem of no weapons. What are your ideas? Brainstorm with me.”
They’d stopped early for the night and Archie had called a meeting. Now he looked around at the group. Dull faces stared back at him. He waited a minute, then tried again.
“Think, people. Let’s start by looking at our resources. What do we have to work with?” The dull looks remained. 
Finally, Simon volunteered. “We’ve got plants.”
“Yeah,” Emery chimed in. “We could hit the attackers with leaves.” The boys laughed.
Archie looked at Zinovy, as if to say, “Help me here.” Zinovy shrugged and Archie went on: “This is serious, guys. We’re talking about people who steal, who rape, who kill for no reason. And they have knives.” He looked around again. “We have no idea how many of them there are, or where they are. They obviously know where we are. We’re sitting ducks. We need some kind of defense system in place.”
“We’ve got scouts, and the night guard duty.”
“Yes, and what would you do, Graham, if you were on duty and someone snuck up on you?”
Graham frowned.
“Is there a cooking utensil we could use?” Raheem asked.
“We have a paring knife. That’s all,” Ruben said. “And it’s pretty dull.”
“Is it sharp enough to cut down a small tree?” Emery asked. Ruben laughed again. “I’m serious, man. I’ve been thinking about what Simon said about using the plants. It’s not all leaves, you know. Remember the ironwood we used to make the wheels for the cart?”
“What’s your idea?” Archie asked.
“Well, what if we cut down some small trees and shape the trunks into clubs or something?”
“Or even large branches,” said Simon, picking up on the thought. “There are some oak trees around with branches that might be the right size.”
“Oak’s too hard. The knife would never do it.”
“Well then a softer wood, maybe, like . . . what’s a softer wood, Charles? You know about this kind of thing.”
Carter had been sitting back, frowning. Now he leaned forward and said, “The whole idea is stupid. It would take forever to cut a big enough branch with that paring knife. We don’t have forever.”
“I don’t know, Charles,” Archie said. “It’s worth a try. We don’t have many other options that I can see.”
No one had a better idea. After a few announcements and the posting of the next week’s scouting roster, the meeting adjourned and the boys went off to find a tree they could carve with the paring knife. Zinovy said nothing, but he was as skeptical as Carter. They were grasping at straws. Literally. 
Archie pulled him aside. “I know it’s not much, Zinovy, but we’ve got to have something.” He stopped and pounded his fist into a nearby tree trunk. “Damn, it’s so frustrating. We have nothing to fight with. We have no place to hide. We’re totally vulnerable. I hate this.”
Zinovy couldn’t argue with him. “That’s true. We’re out of options again. So what’s new? We’re back where we started.”
Before long three of the boys came back on the run. “We’ve got it,” Simon shouted across the field. “Where’s the paring knife? Alex wants it right away. We’re going to work at it in turns.”
Simon and Ruben went off to the mess kit for the knife and Conrad took Archie and Zinovy to the tree they’d found.
“Look at this one,” Emery said. “It’s heavy, see.” He hefted a branch growing out from a small tree with yellow bark. “And it’s not too hard, either. You can gouge the bark with your fingernail. See there?”
The boys went at it. It took them two hours, working in turn. The wood was more resistant than they had supposed, but eventually they had a piece of branch about two feet long and roughly five inches in diameter at the base. They came running to Archie, waving the crude weapon in the air.
“It would make a good bat, too, if we could just come up with a decent baseball,” Mike said.
“It’s a weapon,” Archie reminded them. He ran his hand over the smooth bark. “What do you think, Zinovy? It’s got pretty good weight and balance.”
“This knob on the side should go. But otherwise it’s okay I think.”
Graham and Alex were already at work on the second branch. Before bedtime the boys had carved another reasonably well-shaped club. And so their arsenal grew. 
The boys had worked hard. They fell into their beds exhausted. Three hours later they were dying. 
“Zinovy.” Alex groaned. “Zinovy, wake up.”
“Huh?” Zinovy grunted, pulling himself out of a deep sleep, the urgency of Alex’s hand on his arm only gradually registering. When it did register, he was bolt upright, holding onto the boy bent double at his feet. Alex was retching and even in the soft light Zinovy could see there was blood in the vomit. Controlling a strong urge to add to the mess on the ground, Zinovy lifted him to his feet.
“Archie,” he shouted. “Get over here. We have troubles.”
The whole crew came awake then. Zinovy handed Alex over to Eric and ran to the other side of camp where the rest of the boys lay sprawled on the ground. Most had managed to climb out of their bedrolls before the sickness hit them, but some lay wrapped in their beds, doused in the bloody remains of their supper.
Zinovy looked up and found Sara at his elbow. “Quick,” he said. “We need the water.”
Zinovy whirled and found Charles lumbering over to find out what all the commotion was about. Charles took one look at the mess on the ground and headed to the cache for a container. Grace and Mark joined the brigade and soon they were back with jugs of the sparkling liquid. “Here, give me that,” Zinovy said to Grace. He grabbed the first container and dumped it on Mike who lay groaning at his feet. “Take one over to Alex. Now.”
Within a few minutes they’d applied the remedy, but it was hours before the boys were quiet and comfortable enough to sleep. When the crew finally settled, Archie and Zinovy discussed the situation.
“What was that all about?” Archie said.
Zinovy frowned. “It’s the same as before, but this time it’s worse. The wood they cut had the sickness in it.”
“The wood is not sick.”
Both Zinovy and Archie jumped at the sound of Elan’s voice.
“It’s you,” Archie said. “Why are you always showing up just after we need you?” His tone was caustic. It had been a long night. “What do you mean it isn’t the wood?”
“The wood is not the problem. The use you are putting it to is the problem.”
“What do you mean?”
“You were forming weapons, right?”
“Of course. If you’d been around you’d realize we need some. They got our knives the other night. Stole them right from under our noses. We’re in real trouble here, Elan.”
“I know that. But the biggest part of your trouble right now is those tree branches you’re planning to use as weapons. They will continue to poison you if you don’t get rid of them.”
“What!” Zinovy watched the color come up the back of Archie’s neck. He’d never seen the commander so angry. “Get rid of them? You’re crazy.”
“Okay,” Elan said. “It’s your choice, but the poison is coming from those trees and as long as you intend to use them as weapons you’ll continue to be sick.”
Zinovy stared at Elan. “Do you mean if we were going to use them other ways they wouldn’t hurt us?”
“I told you in the beginning. You may use the plant life as you please for things you need. That does not include weaponry. Weapons are not a necessity in this world.”
Archie exploded then. The expletives he used shocked even Zinovy. When he finally became coherent, he gave Elan a dressing down that could have melted steel. The most rational thing he said was his parting shot: “You can’t tell me that wood is only poison if it’s used for defense. Trees don’t have the sense to know what they’re being cut for. This whole idea is preposterous.”
Elan waited quietly through the harangue. When Archie stopped shouting and stood there, breathing hard, he spoke again. “I told you before, this world is not the same as the old one. Your old ways of understanding nature will not work here. Of course trees don’t know, in the sense that we know things. But there are many kinds of ‘knowing.’ The world around you can read your spirit. What you do and how you think impacts the whole of creation, just as before. But nature has now been redeemed, and if you use the wood for harmful purposes—” 
Archie interrupted. “Harmful purposes! I’m trying to defend this group of people from harmful purposes. What would you have me do?”
“As I was saying,” Elan continued, “If you use the wood for harmful purposes it will destroy you in the long run.”
Archie stiffened and put his hands on his hips. Then he bellowed, “I can’t afford to worry about ‘the long run’. We won’t get to ‘the long run’ if we don’t live through the short run. Survival’s at the top of my list right now, Mister. And if you don’t have any better advice, you can go to—”
He stopped there. His audience had disappeared. Archie looked at Zinovy and shook his head. “I’ve about had it,” he said.
“I noticed.”
“Let’s get back to bed. We won’t be able to travel today. We’ll rest and see how the boys are by tonight.”
So, as the day began to lighten, they crawled into their bedrolls and slept. 




CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
It was midday before anyone stirred. 
Zinovy woke to the patter of Caleb’s little feet. He groaned, turned over and pulled the blanket over his head, but the boy persisted. “It’s time for breakfast, Novy.” 
Zinovy groaned again. His stomach was not comfortable. “I don’t want breakfast, Caleb. You go find something. Where’s Sara? Go get her to help you.” 
The little one ran off and Zinovy slept for another hour. When he woke his stomach felt better. He got up, went to the river, splashed water into his red-rimmed eyes, and came back to find Archie. The commander stood at the edge of the compound talking to several of the boys. They looked somewhat bedraggled, but at least they were on their feet. The two clubs they’d made lay on the ground beside them.
“What do you think, Zinovy?” Archie asked as he came up. “Who gets the clubs?”
“They’re heavy. They should go to the strongest. I say, Alex and Conrad. Or, no, maybe Eric and Conrad.”
They stood looking down at their arsenal. Archie stooped and picked up the smaller of the two. Zinovy grabbed the large one, moving his hands up and down the narrow end, testing the balance. His stomach knotted painfully and he belched.
Eric came up to them, grinning. “You two look like a couple of cavemen.”
Archie glared at him, but the boy was incorrigible. “Harump, harump,” he chortled, bouncing up and down and scratching his sides.
Zinovy made as if to take a swing at him and Eric ducked, still grinning, and headed off to pack up his bedroll.
“Wait,” Archie called after him. “You take one of these.”
“I don’t want one. Let Graham have it. He’s got less to carry.” And Eric was off again.
Archie shook his head. “I can’t understand it. It’s like pulling teeth to get these men in some kind of defensive position. They should all be making their own clubs.” He turned to Zinovy. “Try and get rid of these things, will you? Give them to anyone who’ll take them.” 
Graham and Conrad took the weapons. “You two head out first,” Archie said. “And set a quick pace. Half the day is gone.”
The pace was set. The crew fell in line. But in the late afternoon the pacesetters began to lag. First one, then the other stood aside to let the rest of the group move forward. Zinovy turned around to check on them when their labored breathing no longer warmed the back of his neck. He took one look, then called ahead to Archie.
“Hold it. We have problems again.”
The two arms-bearers stood holding their stomachs. Conrad turned to vomit into a bush while Graham watched, his face green. Their weapons lay at their feet. Zinovy studied the clubs.
“This isn’t going to work,” he said as Archie came up. “We’ve got to dispose of the clubs.”
Archie swore. He put his hands on his hips and studied the two green faces before him. “Are you sure it’s not something you’ve eaten?”
Graham shook his head. “We’re not eating anything different. It’s this wood. I felt the weakness moving up my arm while we were walking.” He picked up his club, groaned, and threw it into the shrubbery.
The others stood watching as Conrad’s stomach turned inside out again. Zinovy picked up the other weapon and carried it off into the trees. When he returned, Archie said, “All right. Let’s get out of here. Are you two fit to travel?”
They nodded. “The farther away we get from those things the better I’ll feel,” Graham said. 
Archie waited until the others had gone ahead, then fell in beside Zinovy. “Damn. What a waste. And I’d wanted to make good time today. I don’t know why, but I feel like we’re running from something evil.”
“I hope so,” Zinovy said. 
Archie looked at him sharply and Zinovy shrugged. “I’d rather have it behind us than ahead of us.” 
* * *
Rest day. The term had taken on new meaning to Zinovy. Rest had seeped into his spirit during the past five days. He’d never felt more at peace.
The revelations amazed him—revelations to his heart, he realized, not his head. His mind was no more enlightened than ever, but somehow that didn’t matter. Somewhere deep inside him something significant was happening. 
Gradually he became aware of a presence in that deep place—a living, breathing presence—full of light—full of life. He began to suspect it had been there all along, but he hadn’t noticed. It was as if, for the first time, he was coming to know himself—to discover who he really was. 
His concern about the dangers that surrounded them remained, but even that did not extend farther than reasonable precautions. He wandered absently along a natural trail—a small break in the vegetation that led away from the camp—away from the river—gauging the distance so as not to get completely out of sight of the others. 
Everyone else was down by the river. It had been seventy-five days since they’d discovered the water and their fascination hadn’t dimmed. They still gravitated there whenever they were allowed to linger on their journey. 
Zinovy was not so drawn, and today he felt like being alone. He stopped and looked around for a place to sit. Nearby was a sprawling fig tree—as good a spot as any. He sat down, leaned back against the smooth bark of the tree, and opened the little red book.
Eric’s wheedling had finally worn him down. “Look,” he’d said the day before. “Why can’t you at least try it? It’s not dangerous. It’s as much a classic as Plato, if you want to look at it that way. I really would like to know what you think about it all.” 
When that appeal to his ego had not worked, Eric played his trump card: “You keep saying you don’t believe all this stuff. Well, what stuff, Mate? How can you say you don’t believe something you know nothing about?”
Zinovy sighed, now, and glanced at the title of the book on the first page. The Message: The Gospel of John in Contemporary Language. There was some kind of an introduction. He scratched his back against the trunk and began to read:
“In deliberate parallel to the opening words of Genesis, John presents God as speaking salvation into existence. This time God’s word takes on human form and enters history in the person of Jesus. Jesus speaks the word and it happens: forgiveness and judgment, healing and illumination, mercy and grace, joy and love, freedom and resurrection. Everything broken and fallen, sinful and diseased, called into salvation by God’s spoken word.”
Zinovy stopped reading. These words were not strange to him. Many of them had surfaced in recent conversations with Elan or Sara. 
He turned to the book again. Two poems introduced the main body of the text. The first was a mystery. He skimmed through it and moved on to the second. He was three lines into it when he slowly straightened, his eyes riveted to the words on the page before him. 
The Life-Light was the real thing: 
Every person entering Life he brings into Light. 
He was in the world, the world was there through him, 
and yet the world didn’t even notice. 
He came to his own people, but they didn’t want him. 

But whoever did want him, 
who believed he was who he claimed and would do what he said, 
He made to be their true selves, their child-of-God selves. 
These are the God-begotten, 
not blood-begotten, 
not flesh-begotten, 
not sex-begotten. 

The Word became flesh and blood, and moved into the neighborhood. 
We saw the glory with our own eyes, 
the one-of-a-kind glory, 
like Father, like Son, 
Generous inside and out, true from start to finish.

Zinovy sat, stunned, staring at the book in his hand. The words made no sense to his rational mind, but a thread of truth ran through them—a silver thread that moved in and out of the fabric of all they’d been talking about—all they’d been experiencing on this journey. Life, light, truth, glory—the words saturated the air they breathed.
Zinovy felt the flesh creep on the back of his neck, but that was only the beginning. There, farther down—the Passover Lamb, of all things: 
“Here he is, God’s Passover Lamb! He forgives the sins of the world!”
Zinovy turned the page and read on. There is a man. His name is Nathaniel. Someone is bringing him to meet this Lamb person. The man is skeptical. “You’ve got to be kidding,” he says when they urge him to come. But he gets there and the man greets him: “One day, long before Philip called you here, I saw you under the fig tree.”
Zinovy sprang to his feet, turned around, and scrutinized the tree he’d been leaning against. He peeked over his shoulder, chagrined. Finally he sat down again, drawn back to the words of the book.
He didn’t know where his reading left off and the vision began. He saw the man hanging on a rough wooden cross, the man who had been called God’s ‘Passover Lamb’ at the beginning of the book. The ‘Lamb’ was hanging by his wrists. 
He was fastened to the cross by large metal spikes that had been driven through the arms at the base of the hands, where they would hook on the bones, preventing the flesh from ripping further and the body from falling. 
A small wooden platform about sixty inches above the base of the upright beam supported the feet, which were crossed at the ankle and secured with one large metal spike that had been driven through them both. 
The man was nearly naked. Zinovy could see the skeleton of the ribs standing out from the quivering flesh. The joints connecting the limbs were enlarged and grotesquely twisted, the bones pulled out of their sockets by the weight of the body as the cross had been dropped into its seating in the hard ground. The head was bowed over the chest. A crown of twigs circled the brow. Large thorns protruded from the wreath, the ones on the inside pushing into the scalp. 
But the most mesmerizing sight to Zinovy was the blood. Bright red and dripping, it was everywhere. It percolated around the spikes in the wrists and the feet, dropping below to form dark pools on the ground. It trickled from jagged punctures on breast and abdomen where lashes from a cat-o-nine-tails had left the marks of a recent beating. It seeped from the head wounds, coming from behind the thorns, running down the face in rivulets, dropping from the chin onto the heaving chest below.
The man was innocent. According to the book, he had miraculously healed the sick, opened the eyes of the blind and brought dead people back to life. He had scolded the religious leaders, and spoken gently to the poor and the weak. He had told his followers that the Creator loved them, and that love was the most important thing.
And now he was dying, almost gone, nailed to a cross by men who stood below mocking him, gambling to see who would win the robe they’d taken from his body before they impaled it.
Zinovy closed his eyes, shutting out the sight, but the blood remained. It seeped into his memory and mingled with the blood on the path he’d stumbled over after his mother’s death. It mingled with the innocent blood of baby chicks, of a woman and her dead baby, of the dead lions. 
He opened his eyes once more and, for the first time, he looked into the face of the man on the cross. Into those other eyes. Anguished, yet piercing, they returned his look. Sheer agony was reflected in every drop of blood and sweat that dripped from his chin. 
But it was something else that horrified Zinovy. In that brief instant he recognized the face. Again, it was the face of the stranger; a face streaked with tears at Zinovy’s grief over the memory of his mother; a face distorted in anguish at the memory of the girls Zinovy had taken; a face—now he remembered—a face from long ago, that had looked on him over his mother’s shoulder as she explained the meaning of his name. 
Now that face was distorted, not from the pain of the torn flesh of his hands and his feet, or the rough wood against the lacerated back. Zinovy knew the look of physical pain on a human face and this was not it. And not from fear either. Zinovy knew that look as well. The eyes were filled, instead, with a grief that went clear to the man’s soul. Something like horror, a deep revulsion, drew ragged lines around the mouth. 
A heartbroken resignation, a resolute determination, and a deep, deep loneliness pierced straight as a sword into Zinovy’s own soul, because he had seen that look before. 
He had caused that look. 
Zinovy’s heart melted. It ran onto the ground before him, mingled with the blood from the cross, and was lost in the dark pools of the dying man’s sorrow.
Eventually Zinovy came to himself. He struggled to his feet and plodded back to camp. Archie came to meet him. Zinovy grimaced. He wasn’t in the mood to talk to anyone. “Zinovy,” Archie began. “I’ve been looking for you. I wish you’d tell me when you’re going off somewhere.”
“It’s rest day, Archie. I was resting.”
“That’s all well and good, but we need to keep alert, even on rest days. You know that.” Archie put his hands on his hips and frowned. “I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but I’m worried. You’re getting too relaxed. You’re losing your edge. I need your help on this trip, but I’m feeling more and more like I’m going it alone.”
Zinovy said nothing. Archie looked down at the book in Zinovy’s hands and swore. “It doesn’t have anything to do with this religious business, does it? You’re not getting soft in that regard, are you?”
Zinovy shrugged. “I’m thinking about it,” he admitted. “Don’t you ever think about it?”
“No, I don’t. I’m too busy to think about such things right now.” Zinovy caught the reproach in Archie’s voice. “I’m doing my duty, Zinovy. If there is a God, I’m sure that’s what he, or she, expects of me.”
“But what if doing your duty isn’t enough? What if there’s more, like moral issues? Don’t you ever feel the need for forgiveness?”
“No, Zinovy, I don’t feel the need for forgiveness. That whole business about some god/man dying in my place to atone for the ‘evil’ in my life—that’s just plain wrong. It’s too easy. We’re all responsible for our own actions.” 
Alex came up then. “Archie, do you know where Conrad is? I’ve been looking for him, but he’s not here.”
“Damn it,” Archie said. “I wish people would quit wandering off. No, I don’t know where he is. No one checks in with me about anything any more. Go find him and tell him I want to talk to him, too.”
Alex trotted off and Archie turned back to Zinovy. His voice softened. “I have a moral code, my friend. All my life I’ve worked to live up to it. I’ve managed to do a pretty good job without outside help so far, and I intend to persist in doing it. Maybe once we get to the city I’ll have time to think about other things, but right now my code requires that I do my duty by the Gaia crew. I would appreciate it if your code required you to help me.”
He turned and walked away. Zinovy watched him go. The rest day was half over and Zinovy did not feel rested. 
* * *
 “Aslan, come back,” Caleb called as the young lion bounded across the meadow. 
Zinovy, Sara and Caleb had just come around a cluster of Bay Laurel trees into a clearing and found the place teeming with animal life. They paused. Zinovy surveyed the scene, looking for possible danger. Aslan paused with them for a moment and then headed off at a gallop toward a handsome pair of lions grazing on a clump of grass at the far end of the clearing. Caleb started after him, but Zinovy held him back. 
Aslan was halfway there when the female raised her head and looked across the remaining distance between them. She seemed to consider for a moment, then, without haste, she rose to her feet and began moving toward the cub. Caleb stiffened under Zinovy’s hand. 
“Sara, will she hurt him?” the boy asked, fixing anxious eyes on the large lion. 
“I don’t know.” 
As he drew near the lioness, Aslan slowed to a trot, then to a walk, covering the last ten feet one step at a time, head down, nose extended, sniffing out his welcome. The large cat stood, eyes on the intruder, waiting, until finally they were almost nose to nose. Aslan paused, mimicking the other lion’s stance. Zinovy held his breath. Then the large cat leaned down, touched the small cub with her nose, and started licking around his ears. 
All three of Aslan’s human companions relaxed with a sigh. Caleb chuckled as the two began to play. The older lion nudged the cub, tumbling him onto his back, and nuzzled his neck. 
Sara laughed. “It looks like they’re going to have a tickle fight, doesn’t it?” 
Aslan and his new friend ambled over to the male lion who had been watching the two frolic, occasionally licking his lips and twitching his tail, but otherwise content to remain a spectator. The three travelers watched the three animals for a while, then Caleb called again across the meadow, “Aslan, come back. It’s time to go now.” 
Aslan, lost in the joy of the moment, ignored Caleb’s plea, continuing to frolic in and out between the legs of the lioness as she meandered through the lush grass, pulling tufts of the tender blades and chewing contentedly. They made a handsome pride. 
Caleb shrugged out from under Zinovy’s hand and looked up at Sara. “Will he come back?” he asked, his voice strained. 
“I don’t know, Caleb. We’ll have to wait and see.”
“But I want him to come back. He belongs to me.” This time Caleb’s voice trembled. “Doesn’t he remember me anymore?”
“I’m sure he does.” Sara looked at the boy for a minute, then she knelt beside him. “But Caleb, you have to realize, he’s a lion. He’s with his own kind now, and he may decide he wants to stay.” 
Tears welled in Caleb’s eyes as he watched his young playmate move up behind the male and bat playfully at his tail. “But I’m his own kind too,” he reasoned. “We have fun together too. I don’t want him to leave me.” 
The tears spilled over. Sara put her arms around him, holding him close, and then, as the tears became a torrent, she drew him into her lap. “Caleb, you have to think of what is best for Aslan—what will make him happiest. Would you want him to stay with you if he wanted to be with them? If it would make him sad to leave them?”
“Yes . . . I mean, no. I guess not. Not if he wouldn’t be happy.” Zinovy studied the boy’s face as the emotions struggled there. “But I want him to be happy with me.”
Sara smiled. “I know. I want that too. But we have to let him choose. If he comes back, you’ll know he wants to be here. If he doesn’t, you need to let him go. You can’t hold onto someone you love. If you really love him you have to let him choose.”
At that the boy’s face crumpled. He wrenched away from Sara, flung himself onto the ground and flailed the grass. “Why do I have to lose him? I’m losing everyone. It’s not fair,” he wailed.
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. So the boy’s grief for his parents still raged. Sara looked up, a question in her eyes. Zinovy shrugged. The loss of the lion would be hard on the boy. Maybe it had been wrong to bring the cub back in the first place. He gazed across the meadow. 
The relief he felt at what he saw surprised him. The cub galloped toward them, over halfway there and obviously planning to come all the way. In another minute he was beside Caleb, nuzzling the wet cheek buried in the grass and pawing the boy’s shoulder. 
Caleb let out a low cry and scrambled to his knees. His arms went round the lion, locking him in a viselike grip. The cub squealed and Caleb adjusted his hold. Then he struggled to his feet, wiped his tears on the lion’s back, and strode off.
Zinovy saw the small shoulders raise in a long, shuddering sigh. Then he and Sara fell in behind the marching child, who seemed determined to put distance between his young friend and the temptation of the wilderness as quickly as possible. The child was vulnerable. Perhaps he should spend more time with him. 
They soon caught up with the rest of the crew who had stopped early again for the evening. “Where were you?” Archie asked when they walked into the compound. “I almost sent Graham back to find you. We need to keep together.”
Zinovy explained. Archie nodded. “I hope the cub doesn’t prove to be a hindrance.”
“I’ll see to the child and the lion,” Zinovy said. “We won’t have problems again.”
* * *
“Sara, help me,” Caleb wailed between frantic gasps and giggles.
“I can’t. He’s bigger than me.” 
Zinovy winked at her over the boy’s shoulder, then set himself to the task of losing a wrestling match between two unequally equipped contestants. He rolled on the ground, barely managing to restrain the wild movements of the tiny boy, pinning both his arms with one large hand, groping for his feet with the other. And as he rolled, Zinovy watched Sara out of the corner of his eye. He knew her well by now. In spite of her disclaimer, she was considering how she might help the boy. 
He enjoyed watching her mind work. She would know that conquering him was out of the question, but he could tell by the upward tilt of her chin that the temptation at least to annoy him a little was becoming irresistible. 
Caleb supplied her with the idea. “Tickle him! Tickle him!” he cried, breathless with laughter.
Zinovy covertly watched her move one way and then the other, considering the logistics. She must have decided an approach from behind would be most effective. Zinovy, determined to make it as difficult as possible, rolled over, placing Caleb’s body between them. Undeterred, she tensed her body, looking much like Aslan in stalking mode, watched for a break in the defenses and finally hurdled into the fray. 
The three of them soon became a tangle of awkward limbs and protruding body parts. A small hand grasping onto a shirtsleeve here, a slim arm flung out from between stubby chin and muscular shoulder, one small leg wrapped determinedly around another large knee. Grunts and groans accompanied the exercise, punctuated by the boy’s gleeful squeals and the large man’s occasional pleas for mercy. Sara’s constant low giggle gradually became the overriding sound in Zinovy’s ears. It was a good sound.
It occurred to Zinovy that this contest might not end until the other two believed they had won. He considered, in a leisurely fashion, how he might bring that victory about for them. Meanwhile, the battlefield had been moving closer to the river’s embankment. One more thrust of the girl’s right hand toward his ear, and another of the boy’s kicks to the shin sent them all three tumbling over the edge. They flailed in the air for a moment, then hit the water with a satisfyingly large splash.
Sara laughed triumphantly. Caleb giggled, happy to have his large playmate in the water with him at last, and with an easy acquiescence that surprised them all, Zinovy acceded the victory to them both. He and Caleb cavorted in the liquid brightness until the boy was exhausted. Then Sara retrieved him from Zinovy’s arms, and led him off to dry in the warm air under the apple tree. 
As she leaned over to collect the laughing boy, her hair brushed Zinovy’s cheek. Instantly, his loins stiffened, and horror engulfed him. 
* * *
Zinovy swam furiously upriver for half an hour. The exercise didn’t help. The sparkling water caressed his body, only strengthening the yearning her nearness had aroused. Remorse bombarded his heart. How could he think of her that way? She was a child—an innocent child. 
He thought of the evil in the vandal rapist. He thought of the evil in himself, still there after all his remorse, his resolve and his firm control. He struggled on, his arms thrashing the water, his legs pounding through the current. 
The events of the last few weeks rolled over his mind like the waves of the river water. So much had happened. He wrestled with the dichotomy between justice and mercy. He was a wretched man. He deserved judgment. Yet he longed for the kind of mercy he’d seen reflected in the eyes of the one on the cross. 
 Finally Zinovy’s tension eased and he slowed down. The current was stronger here. The water was deeper. He dipped his head and dove into the cooler recesses of the stream. The river washed over him, under him, around him, enveloping his body in its refreshing cleanness. 
“If you choose, you can be cleansed by the blood of the lamb,” Elan had said to him. It didn’t make sense. Blood was not for cleansing. Inside the body, yes. Blood was good. But outside, blood was dirty—polluted, full of contaminants. 
Without warning, the river became blood. Zinovy saw the pink tinge of the water turn to rose, then crimson. He felt the waves thicken around him. The blood oozed over his body, first boiling, then bubbling into a froth as he thrashed out in horror. He recoiled against the feel of it on his skin, in his eyes, in his hair. 
Then, in a flash, Zinovy saw it all clearly. Blood belongs inside the body. The Creator had intended it remain there. But rebellion had changed all that. Rebellion had made the shedding of blood necessary. 
The anguish in the eyes of the one dying on the cross—the horror—Zinovy saw it all now. The man had been swimming in dirty blood, so out of his element—he who was the life, had drowned in death. A bloody evil had done it to him, and because of a bloody evil he had allowed it to happen. 
Just as suddenly, the blood was gone. Cool, clear water washed over Zinovy once more. He dove into the current, pushing his way down until he could see the pebbles on the bottom of the riverbed. He came up spitting and sputtering into the face of the one who had hung on the cross.
He clambered onto the riverbank. Water dripped from his hair, his eyelashes and his clothing, but he ignored it. His eyes were fixed on the man before him.
“So you discovered that blood is evil out of its place.” The man studied Zinovy’s face, looking for comprehension. Then he went on, “It’s the same with freedom, you see. In the veins of the Creator’s purpose, freedom is wholesome, life-giving. But when humans choose to remove themselves from the purposes of the Creator, they slash their wrists and their freedom becomes a flood of death.”
Zinovy stood still, listening intently.
The bright one went on, speaking quietly now. “Your plunge into the blood, Zinovy—so it was with me. I dove to the bottom of the fetid pool. I pulled the plug on the evil so that all that is ugly could drain away.”
“Is it almost gone?” Zinovy asked.
“It is finished,” the one with the scars replied.
Zinovy bowed his head. The brightness of the revelation was too much for him. He couldn’t look. But the man spoke again. 
“I did it for you.” 
Zinovy nodded without raising his head. Tears stung his eyelids. Something was happening inside him. A door opened deep in his soul.
The man with the scars touched the door. He knocked on it. “I’ve walked beside you all your life, even when you didn’t know. But I want to be closer to you even than that.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m knocking at the door of your heart, Zinovy. Will you let me in?”
Zinovy looked up at last. “But how is that possible? I don’t understand.”
“Your heart understands, my friend, doesn’t it?”
The stranger was right. Deep inside his being he knew that something he’d wanted all his life—something that would fill the yawning chasm—was standing before him.
“How?” he began.
“I want you to give me your hands, Zinovy.” 
“My what?” 
“Your hands. I gave you mine. I want you to give me yours.” 
Zinovy was confused again. “But I can’t. I can’t cut them off and give them to you.” 
The stranger smiled. “I want them attached.”
Zinovy considered. Giving his hands would mean they were no longer his; they would belong to another. It would mean he could never take another person’s life into his hands, for good or for ill, without considering the wishes of the one who had created them all.
“I think I can do that.” He hesitated. “With one proviso.”
The scarred man shook his head. “No provisos.”
Zinvoy saw understanding in the deep brown eyes, but they did not yield. 
Zinovy moaned. “It’s not right. It’s not fair to the woman and her child.” 
“There can be no exceptions, Zinovy. You either trust me or you don’t.” The eyes probed, gently, persistently demanding. “You must complete this journey.” 
A long minute passed. Finally Zinovy raised his head and sighed. 
The stranger reached out. His sleeves fell back and there, in his writsts, Zinovy saw the deep, jagged-edged cavities where the nails had gone. The beauty of the strong wrists was violated by the ugliness of the scars, yet, somehow, the scars belonged. 
Zinovy remembered the words of the red book. This man had been led willingly to his own execution. The wrists had received the nails without hesitation. The strong hands had hung, limp and useless, from the cross, with no flicker of resistance. 
Slowly, but without hesitation, Zinovy lifted his own hands and placed them in the open palms before him. 
The fire burned, hot and hard, and the last rigid knot in Zinovy’s gut melted and drained away. The tears pressed harder against his eyelids. He let them fall on the hands that were holding his, on the scars. They were tears of honest weakness—of joyful resignation. Zinovy had surrendered, and for the first time in his life he felt truly free. 
Zinovy left that place, moving down river to the camp with wings on his feet. Everything was different. Even the colors had changed. They were impossibly deeper, richer, more exhilarating. He couldn’t contain his emotions. He didn’t even try. It was as if a heavy load that he hadn’t even known he’d carried had been lifted from his shoulders. 
Eric met him by the river just outside the camp. “What’s up?” he asked, peering into Zinovy’s eyes.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, you look like the cat that swallowed the mouse.” Then he grinned.
“What’s so funny?” Zinovy asked.
“Nothing. It’s just that I don’t think I’ve ever heard you laugh before.”
Zinovy reached out and put his arm across Eric’s shoulders. He grew serious. “Eric, did you notice anything strange about the river today?”
“Strange? How so?”
Zinovy looked his friend in the eye. Then he said, “Never mind. I’ll tell you later.” 
That night, after dinner, Zinovy did tell Eric. He hadn’t intended to blurt it all out, but it came, almost involuntarily. 
Eric wasn’t surprised. “I figured that would happen.” He plucked two pieces of fruit from the guava tree beside him and inspected them. He took a bite of one and handed the other to Zinovy. “I’ve been praying for you, you know.”
Zinovy gaped at him. “You are a righteous person,” he said.
Eric snorted. “Hell, no. I’m not righteous.” He held up his guava and grinned. “I still take the biggest piece of fruit.” Then he went on more seriously. “The only difference is I notice when I do it now. I ask Him to help me change that gut instinct that tells me to always put myself first.” 
“Hey,” he added. “We’re brothers now, you know? That’s what it says in the book. Here, let me show you.” 
And so Zinovy ducked his head with Eric over the little red book. All thought of challenging the insanity club was forgotten. He’d joined it instead.




PART THREE
The Beginning

. . . and Freedom greet you in the light.

Alexander Pushkin

CHAPTER TWENTY-TW0
Three days went by. Zinovy’s euphoria settled down into a steady stream of peace and quiet joy. He did not sense the presence within him as he went about his daily business, but he knew the one who owned his hands was there. He’d said he would be. 
So strange. It was a reality. A silent reality. One that could not be measured by science.
By the end of the week almost everyone in camp had said something about the change in his life. 
“What is up with you?” Raheem asked. “You are different. Happier or something. You are like a little kid.”
“I know what it is,” Simon said. “He’s got religion.”
Ruben chided him. “Nah. That’s not how you say it. Religion doesn’t make people happy. I think he’s met the one the red book talks about. He’s been born again.”
“Well, that might explain the little kid business.” Mike grinned and poked Zinovy in the ribs. Zinovy didn’t answer them. He felt uncomfortable talking about the experience. 
He did talk to Sara, though. They talked about everything now. “That’s good, Zinovy. I’m happy for you,” she said. She cocked her head and looked up at him. “I tried to tell you, remember? But you’re a stubborn man.”
Zinovy squirmed. “You’re right. It’s hard to admit something you trusted in all your life has failed. I’ve always trusted in reason.” 
“Maybe reason hasn’t failed,” Sara said. “Maybe it’s fine as far as it goes. It’s just not big enough to hold everything.” 
She was right. The realm of reason, where his mind had reigned for so long, was a tiny kingdom—one too small to contain all the realities in the universe.
One person in camp said nothing to him. Zinovy could feel the tension between them. Archie talked about everything else, but the buzz of gossip about Zinovy’s new excitement appeared to go right over his head. Gradually the coolness of his friend’s attitude began to affect Zinovy. The warm glow he’d felt cooled as well. Sometimes, when he was with Archie, it was hard to convince himself that what had happened was real.
He was in one of those funks when Eric came stomping into camp from a scouting expedition. “Adam’s back,” Eric muttered as he walked past Zinovy to announce the news to Archie. 
Before Eric made it to the command center the Regulus leader stepped into the clearing. He stopped on the edge of the compound to speak to a couple of the boys, then came on through, nodding to Carter and Grace as he passed.
Archie joined Zinovy and extended his hand to their visitor, but his greeting lacked warmth. What was wrong? There was much heaviness in the air this day. 
Adam didn’t seem to notice. “Hello, Archie. Good to see you again. On my way back to my own camp after a recruiting run up north. Thought I’d check in and see how you’re all doing.”
“Will you be staying the night?” Archie asked.
“Yes, I’ll stay over this time, if that’s all right. My camp is several miles farther on.” 
They chatted briefly, then Adam went to the river for a drink, retrieving an out-of-bounds ball and tossing it back to the boys as he went. 
Archie watched him go and frowned. “I don’t want him recruiting in our camp.”
“He wouldn’t do that. He knows we’re not interested in joining his movement.”
“I don’t know. The boys are taken with his arguments. Some of them might be persuaded, and we can’t afford to lose anyone. We need the manpower more than he does.” He stood chewing on his lip for a minute. “I think we’ll cancel tonight’s crew meeting. I don’t want him there adding his comments. Tell the others. Tell them we’ll reschedule for tomorrow night.”
So the official meeting was canceled, but unofficial encounters continued all evening. Adam moved around the camp, talking to one or two of the boys at a time. He chatted for some time with Carter. Eric he avoided altogether. Finally he came back to Zinovy. 
Zinovy sat under an apple tree with Sara and Caleb eating his supper. “Hi Zinovy,” Adam said. “Mind if I join you?”
“Of course not. Please sit.”
Adam picked an apple from the tree, then smiled at Sara and sat down cross-legged across from her. “I don’t believe we’ve been introduced,” he said. “I’m Adam Hamilton. And you are . . . ”
“Sara,” she said. 
“Pleased to meet you. And the little one here?”
Caleb squinted up at the dark-haired man and frowned. A piece of fruit dribbled down his chin. Sara reached over and wiped it off. “This is Caleb. Say ‘hello’ Caleb.”
Caleb continued to stare, studying the man without comment.
Adam laughed down at him and then spoke to Sara, “You certainly don’t look like an astronaut. How did you come to be part of this motley crew?”
Sara started to speak, but before she could say anything Eric walked up and sat down between them. Adam peered around him and smiled at Sara again. 
Eric leaned over. “I notice you haven’t eaten all your salad stuff, Zinovy. Mind if I do?” 
Zinovy handed him a leaf-bowl of greens. Eric took a mouthful and mumbled a greeting to Adam. Sara turned to the boy. “Come, Caleb. Time to wash up. It’s almost bedtime.”
She rose and took Caleb’s hand. Before she left she turned to Adam and said, “It was nice meeting you. Hope you have a good journey.”
Adam’s eyes followed her as she walked away. Then he turned to Eric. “You have quite an appetite, son. Zinovy, aren’t you glad you don’t have to provide the food for these young men you’re looking after? Boys have bottomless pits for stomachs.”
Eric frowned. “We all eat lots,” he said. “And we all look after ourselves. We’re amazingly independent, considering how young we are. We actually take a youthful sort of pride in that. It’s probably hard for you to remember how that feels.”
The three continued to sit while Eric finished off the last of Zinovy’s dessert. Then Eric stood. “Well, I’m off on another of my frivolous enterprises. You two better sit for a while longer. At your age you need to avoid heavy exercise after eating.” He patted his stomach. “Bad for the digestion.”
He left and Adam laughed. “I think that young man still doesn’t like me very much.”
Zinovy shrugged and changed the subject: “Have you recruited more men?” 
“Not as many as I’d hoped. The good ones are scarce. One regrettable thing about the purge is that it took the wrong people. The cities were destroyed and that’s where all the talent was. All we’re finding are rural people with no ambition for political action.” 
They sat in silence for a while. Then Zinovy thought of a question he’d been meaning to ask. “Do you know anything of the vandals we had problems with?”
Adam nodded. “My men disposed of them a couple of weeks ago.”
Zinovy raised his eyebrows. He wasn’t sorry the vandals were gone, but the abruptness of Adam’s answer startled him. Adam went on, oblivious to Zinovy’s hesitation. “They were dangerous in an obvious way. But others out there are more dangerous, because their attacks are not overt.”
“What do you mean?”
Adam dug a hole in the moss with his finger and pushed his apple core into it. “These are people who seem to have special powers. They come and go quickly and silently and they’re hard to track down. They’re also convincing persuaders. They’re able to fool people into believing lies.” He finished burying the core and brushed the moss from his hands. “One man in particular is becoming a real problem.” 
Zinovy’s discomfort increased, for reasons he couldn’t identify. “You’re not talking about Elan, are you?” 
“No. He’s one of them. There are more. We’re not sure how many, but they need to be eliminated. They’re sneaking in behind us. We need a rear guard.” He studied Zinovy’s face before he went on. “I understand you used to work for the FSB.”
Zinovy nodded. 
“I have also heard you have a particular skill that you perfected during your time with that organization.”
Zinovy frowned. “Where did you hear that?” He knew the answer. Carter had been blabbing. 
Adam smiled and nodded at a couple of the boys across the compound, who responded with a wave. “We have our sources,” he said. “Our sources tell us your methods are quick, clean and quiet.”
His gaze returned to Zinovy’s face and he continued. “Your experience and that kind of skill would suit our purposes admirably. I’m going to ask you again, Zinovy. Would you consider working for the Regulus cause?”
Zinovy sat unmoving. Adam’s clinical, dispassionate description of his talents turned his stomach. But then, hadn’t ‘clinical’ always been his own way of thinking? He felt the gall churning in his gut. He had no logical reason for doubting the rightness of Adam’s cause. Everything he said made sense. Yet something was wrong. 
Adam apparently took Zinovy’s thoughtful silence as a positive sign. He went on. “We’ve settled on a primary target—this one man who is fast becoming the biggest threat to the movement. He won’t be easy to deal with. He’s ephemeral. Sometimes we wonder if he even exists, the stories we’re hearing about him are so fantastic. He’s clever—a magician with words. People who talk about him are almost delirious. If I believed such beings existed, I would say he was an enchanter.” Adam shifted his position, pulling a knee up and wrapping his arm around it.
“The rumors are wild. Some have said the man is actually the king—that he moves away from the city—spirits himself away somehow—and travels in disguise, and when he comes back people haven’t even realized he’s been gone.” 
Adam shook his head. “The world is insane, Zinovy. This upheaval has spooked everyone. Reason has flown out the window. People are wild for security. They’ll grasp at anything that looks like it might give stability to their lives. The man with the scars has become a folk hero—like Robin Hood or King Arthur. The city is the new Camelot.” 
Zinovy stopped him. “Wait a minute. This man you’re talking about, he has scars?” 
Adam nodded. “That’s part of the myth.”
“I’ve met him. You mean the one with the scars in his wrists?” 
“Yes, that’s the one.” 
“But he seems harmless to me.” 
Adam’s eyes narrowed. “Be careful, Zinovy. Be very careful. He seems harmless, but he’s a powerful deceiver. He disarms the weak-minded, and when they’re powerless he overcomes them and they’re lost.” 
Zinovy was stunned. The man with the open hands—hands that had burned into his soul as he held them— 
Adam was speaking again. “You say you’ve met him?” 
“Yes.” 
“This is perfect,” Adam said. “It’s amazing how the pieces fall into place.” He leaned forward. “Zinovy, this was meant to be. Do you know where that man is? Can you find him?” 
Zinovy was beginning to dislike this conversation. Confusion played Russian roulette with his brain. Somewhere in the mess of strange ideas spinning around in his head was a silver bullet, but he had no idea which chamber it was in. Was it possible he’d been deceived? Had the visions been the trick of a magician? 
He frowned at Adam and the struggle must have shown in his face. Adam reached out and touched his arm. “Are you all right?” 
Zinovy stared at the hand on his arm. It was a real hand. Flesh and blood. No scars. No burning of his flesh. He looked up at Adam again. “No. I don’t know where to find him. He always approaches me.” 
Adam frowned at a bird chattering in a nearby tree. “Hmm. It could take some time then. But you’re the perfect one for this mission.” 
He turned to Zinovy, and the creases on his forehead deepened. He seemed to sense it was time to drive home his argument. “Never in all of human history has there been such a desperate need for wise rule, Zinovy. Rational rule. You weren’t interested in the gold I offered you. That’s commendable. You’re an honorable man. I sense in you a strong commitment to right and reason.” 
Once more he touched the arm that was hanging, limp and useless before him. “Zinovy, I’ll say it again. We need those hands of yours. With your skill and experience and my administrative abilities we could bring this grand scheme about. What do you say?”
It was another major turning point. Zinovy sensed it, and his heart froze.
Then, as if in answer to a silent plea, the man with the scars was there. He stood behind Adam, arms outstretched, hands open. Zinovy stared at the hands, at the scars, then he looked up to the eyes and in that instant everything became clear.
He took a deep breath and stood up. He looked down at the Regulus leader sitting at his feet. “I’ve seen the man,” he said. “He is everything the people claim he is and more. I’ve committed my life to him. I will not join your cause.” 
The two men studied each other silently for a moment. Zinovy could read the amazement in the other’s eyes. Then the horror. Then the pity. 
Zinovy inclined his head toward Adam and turned and walked away. 
His heart pounded as he crossed the compound. Conflicting emotions washed over him. Shock, wonder, fear, but most of all an overwhelming sense of relief. 
The die was cast. The decision he had made with the scarred one by the river had been cooled in the blacksmith’s bath. He would never doubt again. He shuddered to think that he had wavered, even for a moment—that he had listened to Adam’s voice of reason as if it might have been the final word. 
He frowned and looked up to see Mark coming toward him. The engineer’s step was determined and a thundercloud sat on his brow. 
“I need to talk to you,” Mark said when he was within arms length. “It’s urgent.” He took Zinovy’s elbow and steered him toward a grove of trees on the outskirts of the compound. 
* * *
“Hello, Adam.” Zinovy stepped out of the brush into the other man’s path. 
“Oh, Zinovy. Hello,” Adam responded. “You surprised me.”
“Our sleeping quarters are down here.” Zinovy explained. “If you’re looking for the facilities, they’re on the other side of camp.” 
“Well, actually, I was looking for a place to bed down for the night.” The two eyed each other, the one warily, the other with a growing sense that more was involved in this conversation than geography.
Zinovy planted his feet and put his hands in his pockets. “Sara is the only one who sleeps down there,” he explained, nodding toward the path behind him.
Adam narrowed his eyes and cocked his head. “I know,” he said. “I saw her head that way. I thought I’d see if she wanted company tonight.” 
Zinovy’s mind reeled. He remembered the last time he’d protected Sara’s bed. The vision of the vandal poised over her innocent body flashed before his eyes and the anger—the hatred—rose up in his belly. 
Then he heard, again, Mark’s words: “I remember, now, who he is. After twenty years, I remember like it was yesterday,” and the vision changed. The vandal became this elegant man with the deep blue eyes and the determined chin.
Zinovy breathed deeply and heavily. The hair on his arms stood erect and his fingernails dug into the palms of his hands. The vandal was an angel in comparison. This man was another Anton. 
A sudden realization pulsed through Zinovy’s veins. All the training—everything he’d done to this point in his life—had led him to this moment. This was what he’d been created for—to save Sara from her mother’s loathsome fate; to save the one with the scars from the murderous intent of this evil person; to save the world from slavery to his selfish ambition. 
Zinovy flexed his fingers and the cunning flowed back into his hands. He watched the pulse throbbing in Adam’s neck—noted the exact spot the fingers would attach. He tensed, ready to spring, as the hatred that had started as a rumbling deep in his groin boiled up to his navel and raged through his gut. It was going to be so easy to kill this man.
Then he remembered. 
Zinovy froze. The hatred was there, burning, blistering. It had already moved to his hands. But Zinovy had made a promise. As the turmoil raged in his heart, the quiet voice in his head reminded him: You gave me your hands. 
But it’s so wrong now, Zinovy argued. The need is so great.
The voice persisted: Will you choose to submit? Or will you go your own way?
For an instant Zinovy recalled Adam’s words. “This man is an enchanter. He’s dangerous.” But it was a useless lie. Zinovy knew better. Deep down he knew what he had to do. 
The eternal moment passed, and a calm settled over Zinovy. He relaxed his stance, but his eyes held Adam’s. They stood for some time, staring at each other.
Finally Adam grinned. “Oh, I see,” he said. “So that’s how it is.”
For a moment Zinovy was confused. Then Adam’s meaning dawned on him. “No,” he said. “That’s not how it is.” 
“Then what’s your problem?” 
Zinovy lifted his chin and narrowed his eyes. “Before you go further,” he said, “there are a couple of things you should know about Sara.” 
Adam, obviously wondering about the sudden change in Zinovy’s demeanor, hesitated, though his eyes flickered beyond Zinovy toward Sara’s quarters. He shifted restlessly from one foot to the other.
“Oh? What would that be?”
Zinovy was in no hurry. He looked into the hard eyes of the man he had once admired. Finally he spoke: “First, Sara is not the kind of girl who takes men into her bed. She won’t welcome you.”
Adam’s face hardened and he straightened. “Why don’t you let me see about that?” he said politely, coldly.
“Second,” Zinovy went on as if he hadn’t heard. “you should be glad she’s that kind of woman. You should be proud of her, in fact. Sara is everything you could want in a daughter.”
Adam stiffened once again. Zinovy watched him preparing to say pointedly that he was not looking for a daughter. Then, as the implication hit him, he caught his breath. “What do you mean?” he said. “What are you saying?”
Zinovy spoke calmly, but firmly. “Do you remember a day, twenty years ago, when you raped a girl to prove to your comrades that you were a real man?” 
He could see Adam’s face working, his mind going back in time, remembering, resisting the memory. He saw a flicker of denial cross that face, the reflexive impulse to lie, then the realization that any attempt at deception was futile. 
They stood there, two men facing each other, each also facing an amazing truth. Adam was discovering that he had a daughter. Zinovy was discovering that his hands would not kill. He hated this man to the depths of his soul, but he was going to let him live.
A sudden movement beside Zinovy startled both men. They whirled toward the sound. There stood Sara, ashen-faced, trembling, her deep blue eyes boring into eyes of the identical shade, her determined chin tilted toward the firm chin of the man before her. 
Her eyes glistened. Her chin quivered. She looked at her father, the man who had been coming to rape her as he had raped her mother. Then she raised herself to her full height and spoke, her voice barely above a whisper. 
“I forgive you.” 
The three words tumbled out of her trembling mouth, then she turned and walked back down the path toward her bed, leaving the two men standing motionless behind her.
* * *
Zinovy didn’t sleep that night. He stationed himself by the grove of trees she’d chosen to bed down in, his tense body propped against a tree trunk, and pondered. 
The man he had confronted tonight was evil personified. Two months ago Zinovy had killed a man for doing what this man had intended to do. But now Zinovy’s instinct to kill, even to protect the innocent, was gone, replaced by a quiet submission to a higher authority. Zinovy had chosen to bow before the Creator of life. He would leave justice to the one who had a right to administer it.
It was an amazing change. Part of him was not at ease with this reality. It was hard to let go. But another part of him rested in the hope that his allegiance had been well placed. 
As dawn broke, he fell asleep. Sara stumbled over him when she left her bedroom, later than usual, to go for breakfast. “What?” she exclaimed.
Zinovy stretched, rubbed his eyes, and squinted up into her face. She stared a moment, then she smiled. “Don’t worry about me. I’m all right.”
“I know that,” he said, his voice hoarse with sleep. “I just wanted to make sure you wouldn’t have something else to forgive.”
She looked down at him, an unreadable expression in her eyes. Then she said, “Thank you.” Another pause and, “Can we go get something to eat? I’m hungry.”
Archie met them as they crossed the compound, their hands loaded with breakfast delicacies. “Adam is gone,” he said.
Zinovy nodded.
“That’s not all,” Archie went on. “Charles is gone too.”
“Are you sure? He’s not just away searching for food?”
“No. His bedroll and kit are gone. I suspect he left with Adam and his men.” Archie frowned. “I don’t like this. I thought we were going to keep the crew together.”
“I’m not surprised,” Zinovy said. “He’s been more unhappy than ever the last few days.”
Archie studied the ground, stroking his beard. Then he looked up. “We need to have a talk with the others. See if there is any sign of dissatisfaction elsewhere. Some of the boys might be thinking of going too.” He turned toward camp. “We’ll do it now. I don’t want any more surprises.”
And so a meeting was called. Archie got straight to the point. “Before we go today I want to talk to you about something that concerns us all. You may have noticed that Charles is no longer with us. It appears he’s joined the Regulus movement. What I want to know is, are any of you considering doing the same?” He looked from face to face. Zinovy scrutinized the expressions around him as well. 
The twins were glowering. They spoke in unison: “Hell, no.” 
“We’re sticking,” Simon added. “We’re not into that Regulus, ‘rule-the-world’ crap.”
“Me neither,” Emery said. 
One by one, the others responded.
“Not me.”
“I’m sticking.”
“Me too.”
They were half way around the circle. Alex and Conrad said nothing. They sat, arms folded across their chests, and simply shook their heads.
“Okay. Good,” Archie said. “Those of us in the Gaia crew, with the exception of Charles of course, are committed to seeing this mission through to the end. I just wanted to make sure the rest of you were with us.” He glanced around once more and nodded. “Thank you for your commitment.” Then he went on: “With Charles gone we’ll have to make some adjustments to the guard roster. Eric, you and Raheem are on for tonight, aren’t you?”
The boys nodded. 
Archie looked around. “Where’s Mike?” Mike raised his hand. “Zinovy is on with you tomorrow night, Mike. Then Conrad and I have the following night. That will work. By that time we’ll have a new schedule in place.”
Archie made another couple of routine announcements then wrapped the meeting up. “Let’s get going then. I want to make good time today. I’d like to catch up on the miles we’ve lost in the next week if we can.”
“How much farther is it?” Raheem asked from the back of the circle. 
“We’ve a ways to go yet. We’ve come about 2600 miles, as near as we can guess. It’s going to be another 3900 to the city, at least.”
Zinovy watched the faces fall. Archie took advantage of the situation to press his agenda. “That’s why I’ve been so hard on you. It’s going to be a long haul. We need to push on.” They turned, then, to their packing, and soon they were on their way. 
“Eric, you walk with Sara in the middle of the line today,” Zinovy said. “I want to bring up the rear.”
As they started out, Archie fell back beside Zinovy. “What do you think? Are we through with Adam or will he be back?”
“We’re through,” Zinovy said, pursing his lips. He told Archie about Mark’s revelation and his confrontation with Adam the night before. 
The commander swore. “I can’t believe we didn’t see through him from the beginning.”
“He had a veneer of civilization,” Zinovy said. “It’s sometimes hard to see the heart past the tongue.” 
They were approaching a grassy meadow, coming out of the trees that had lined the river for the last couple of miles. Zinovy gazed into the distance, pondering the mystery of the human condition. “None of us are what we seem on the surface. I’ve learned that much on this journey.”
Archie shook his head. They walked on for another half mile, moving into another forest, dense with undergrowth. The going was rough here. Finally the commander said, irritation coloring his voice, “We’re slowing down again. I’d better push ahead and see if I can get them to pick up the pace.” He left and Zinovy trudged on by himself, his mind busy with thoughts of the amazing events of the last three days. 
They made good time, covering another fifteen or sixteen miles in the next four hours, but their pace, it turned out, was to be interrupted yet again. 
Shouts from up ahead reverberated through the forest, rattling the leaves above Zinovy’s head. He straightened and bounded through the brush, leaping over the grassy hummocks that interrupted the trail through the lush greenery of the forest floor, and came out into a small copse of trees where the crew were gathered. He almost stepped on the three children, who were busy investigating a burrow at the base of a tree behind the huddle of excited travelers. 
Graham and Alex had gone ahead on scout duty that morning. Now they stood before the group, both talking at once, jabbing their thumbs behind them in the direction they’d obviously just come from. Zinovy pushed past Mike and Raheem and came up beside Archie, who stood with his hands on his hips listening to the two boys.
“No,” Alex was saying. “We didn’t talk to them. We just watched from a distance for a while, then we came back to tell you.”
“Were they friendly?”
Graham nodded. “I think so. A group of kids were playing in the river. That was what caught our attention. We heard them ahead of us.” 
“We came around the bend and there they were, laughing and having a great time,” Alex said. “And then some women came out and called them and they ran away up the trail. We followed them. The brush was thick so we could creep along without being seen. When we came to a more open part, that’s when we saw the village.”
Graham interjected: “It was incredible. A whole collection of houses that looked strange, clustered around some sort of common area. The huts were rounded on top, kind of like bee hives, and they looked like they’d been there forever.”
“The kids ran in and out of the houses. You could hear their mothers yelling at them from inside. We couldn’t understand what they were saying. It wasn’t English. They were dressed funny, too. Like Bedouins. The women had veils and long robes. The children were naked.”
“Where were the men?”
 “We didn’t see any,” Graham said. “Maybe they were away at work.”
Zinovy looked at Archie, waiting for instructions regarding this latest development. Archie inspected the trail ahead, scratching his beard. The others pelted the two boys with questions while he thought. 
Finally Archie turned to Zinovy. “We’ll stop here and send a couple of people up ahead to check this out. I think you should go. Who do you want to take with you?”
“Makes sense to take Graham and Alex since they’ve been there already.”
“Do it. Look for indications of military activity. I want to make sure it’s safe before we forge ahead.”
Graham and Alex were keen to go and in minutes the three men were on their way. The boys trotted ahead, Zinovy following on their heels. “Be cautious, you two. We don’t know what’s up there. Slow down and go quietly.”
Zinovy judged they’d gone a quarter of a mile when they came upon the pool in the river where the children had been playing. In another fifty feet, over a faint trail through a clump of berry bushes and a Hawthorn hedge, they came upon the collection of dwellings the boys had described. Zinovy reached out and caught Graham’s shirttail with one hand and Alex’s belt with the other. “Hold on,” he whispered. “Let’s watch first.”
They did so for a couple of minutes. Before them sprawled a haphazard arrangement of round-roofed houses randomly clustered around a lightly trampled grass meadow that appeared to serve as the village square. Zinovy grunted. No sign of city planners involved in this building process. He scanned the area for evidence of a male presence, looking beyond the ring of buildings into the large meadow spread out behind it, but saw none. The houses were quiet. 
“Maybe the people heard us and ran away,” Alex whispered.
Graham nudged him. “Look at the walls of the houses, Zinovy. What kind of stone is that?”
Zinovy shook his head. He’d never seen such building material. The stones appeared to be rough-cut gems of some kind. They sparkled with iridescent beauty in the gleaming air. Each house was constructed of a different colored stone. Some were simply laid out—block on block, the stones laid in alternating layers, like bricks. Others were made of smaller stones, arranged more intricately. The effect was almost artistic, as if their designers had taken deliberate interest and much time in building them. 
Zinovy was about to speak when there was an eruption of giggles at his elbow. He started and looked down into the brown, round face of a child about Caleb’s age. The child grinned up at him and began babbling in a dialect that sounded vaguely familiar. Zinovy listened intently, trying to identify the inflection in the boy’s speech. It was definitely Middle Eastern. He frowned. How . . . ? The Bedouins—maybe they could have traveled the distance, but these children?
The boy’s strident tones were beginning to draw people to their windows. Soon the town was alive with women, chattering frantically as they scrambled from their dwellings. The nearest one, obviously the child’s mother, screamed at the boy by Zinovy’s side, gesturing wildly with her hand. The language was unintelligible, but the message was clear. In a flash Zinovy was a child again, back in his own village in Russia, hearing his mother calling, “Zjama, you get over here, right now!” 
The boy ran, laughing, to his mother. She gathered him up in her black, flowing robes and half turned, shielding him from the strangers. The women huddled together, quivering and silent. Their eyes were Sara’s eyes the day he first found her. 
Graham spoke at Zinovy’s elbow. “What do we do now?”
Zinovy shook his head. “Be still. We wait for them.”
“I have an idea,” Alex said. “Watch this.”
He knelt in the grass, reached out his hands to the women, and smiled. Zinovy stared at him in amazement. Then he looked back at the women, watching as their faces softened.
“Come on.” Alex spoke urgently through the curve of his lips. “Get down here.”
Zinovy nodded to Graham and they both joined Alex on their knees. 
The women didn’t respond immediately, but the children were less inhibited. They began to step out from their mother’s arms and inch forward. Finally, Zinovy’s young friend ran to him. Zinovy took hold of his hand, rose and walked slowly toward his mother, talking quietly in Russian, knowing she wouldn’t understand the words, but trusting his tone would convey his intent.
In an hour they were on their way back to the crew.
“Only women,” Zinovy reported to Archie. “Women and children. No men.”
“Hmm.” Archie rubbed his chin. “You think it’s safe to proceed, then, eh?”
Zinovy nodded. “We can go ahead, no problem.”
“All right. Let’s do that. Maybe we can learn more about the situation from these people. You don’t know what language they spoke?”
“No, but they look like Bedouins.”
“Okay. Let’s move.” 




CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
They reached the village in the late afternoon. A quiet hum of human voices—soft and gently accented—filtered through the glistening air, issuing from the houses, mingling with the prattle of the birds in the forest trees around them. 
“Grace, you go in first,” Archie said. “We don’t want to startle them.”
Grace approached the village carefully, going to the house Zinovy said was the one belonging to the woman they’d first met. The stone door was ajar. Grace tapped on it and spoke quietly through the opening. Almost immediately, the woman’s face appeared in the window, her head covering down around her neck. She started, gathered the folds of her veil in her fist, and drew them across her nose and mouth. Seconds later, she was at the entrance, peeking around the door. 
Grace spoke to her—a greeting of some sort. The woman hesitated, a puzzled look on her face. Finally she looked back, whispered a quick word to someone behind her, and stepped out into the yard. Archie glanced at Zinovy and nodded. Slowly, the rest of the crew moved toward the house, joining Grace in the village green. 
Other women, who’d obviously been watching from their own houses, shuffled out. The children followed, clustering around their mother’s skirts, their eager, dark eyes darting from one strange visitor to the other, bright with curiosity. Still no sign of a male presence.
The crew mingled, speaking and listening to replies in a language foreign to them, smiling and bowing often, and soon the whole contingent had settled in together. Suppertime came and the village women, with gestures and murmurs, insisted their guests sit while they gathered a feast of their finest culinary discoveries. 
Many of the menu items were new to Zinovy, the first courses more tangy and peppery than any he’d yet tasted. One spicy dish set fire to his tongue and brought tears to his eyes. He ate a second helping of that one, followed by a serving of something sweet that took the sting away and left a pleasant aftertaste, something cool and citrusy. 
At nightfall, the mothers herded the children off to bed, nodded a shy good-night to their visitors, went into their houses and closed the doors. The Gaia crew found resting places in the forest verge and along the riverbank. Sara settled Caleb on a grassy mound close to the village, shushing his excited chatter several times before he finally settled down. Zinovy bedded down nearby and fell instantly into a deep sleep. 
In what seemed like minutes, the village was stirring. Children stood at the windows, calling out to each other between the houses, and faces began to poke out of doorways. Zinovy sat up, stretched his arms above his head, and scanned the faces of the villagers, glad to see that curiosity had replaced the fear in the women’s eyes. 
After breakfast, Archie came up to Zinovy. “I have a hunch,” he said. “Last night I noticed something familiar about their accent when we talked. I’m going to try to talk to them again. Come with me.” 
 They walked over to the women, who were airing out blankets in the village square. Archie singled out the mother of the boy who had befriended Zinovy. “Parlez-vous francais?” he asked. Her eyes lit up and she began jabbering in French.
Zinovy grunted in surprise and listened as Archie began to interrogate the woman. Only one man lived in the village—the woman’s father. He was away on a scouting trip, expected home that evening. But the biggest surprise was yet to come. When the interview was over, Archie looked at Zinovy.
“Something’s very wrong here. Call Grace. Have her bring the logbook. We need to get this sorted out.”
* * *
 “Where on earth is Illizi?” 
The crew had gathered for a hasty meeting before lunch. Archie had filled them in on his discoveries. “It’s in Algeria, Graham. Near the Libyan border.”
“That’s crazy. Libya’s in the middle of the Sahara Desert. We can’t be that far east.”
“You’re right,” Archie said. “Grace, give us those figures again.”
Grace looked at the logbook. “We landed 118 days ago. We began the trip a little over three weeks later. We’ve been traveling for 95 days, but that’s not actual travel time. If you leave out the rest days, that’s 82 days of actual travel.”
Archie interjected. “We’ve averaged about twenty-five miles a day. That’s a rough estimate. That means we’ve traveled around 2000 miles.”
Eric had been figuring too. “So we should be somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean by now.” He looked up, a puzzle on his face.
“But there is no ocean,” said Mike. 
“Yes, but the land would still be there. We’ve been walking across the bottom of the Atlantic all this time,” Archie said. “Or at least that’s what we should be doing.”
“This is impossible,” Zinovy said. “We can’t be in Illizi.” But even as he said it he knew it was true. It had to be. The women claimed they’d lived in Illizi all their lives. “We did not move,” they’d said. “The world moved around us.” They had no reason to lie.
“You said their men had worked in the oil fields?” Eric asked.
Archie nodded. “They went off to work the day before the event. The women haven’t seen them since.”
“Well, that fits. Algeria was full of oil. BP was in there big time. Lots of money going to the new regime from Algeria and Libya.”
Alex frowned. “I wonder what Adam thought about all this. He obviously recruited from this area. He must have realized where he was.”
“What do you mean?” Eric asked.
“That’s where all the young men are—with Adam. They must have been some of the Bedouins he brought to camp that day.” 
It was true. The women had said their sons went off to follow le grand mullah américain qui est sur son chemin à la ville sainte. That great American mullah had to be Adam. 
The pieces were coming together. The Bedouin clothing—the Middle-Eastern tongue—the French language. After travelling 2000 miles from Cape Canaveral they had ended up in northern Africa.
The others were obviously thinking along the same line. Eric said, “When Elan told us the ocean had disappeared, I thought he meant the water. What if he meant the land was gone too?”
“Or moved, maybe.” Mark said.
“What do you mean?” Archie asked.
“I see what he means,” Emery interjected. “Weren’t the continents all squished together at one time, before they drifted apart? What if they’ve come together again?”
“Impossible,” Zinovy said. “It took millions of years for the continents to drift apart. They couldn’t have moved back, especially this quickly.” 
Grace chewed on the tip of her pencil. “I don’t know about that. Remember Bob Anderson’s description of the earthquake? He claimed it was a sideways motion, like a grating or scraping sideways.”
“I’m remembering,” Archie said. 
The boys were getting excited now. “And remember when Elan told us the city was at the center of the earth,” Raheem said. “That is what he meant. Do you not see? The earth has re-formed around this city. It is right in the middle of the land mass.”
“It’s Pangaea all over again, eh?” Archie’s brows were still down, but it was obvious he was beginning to believe the impossible. Zinovy was slowly coming around as well. The whole idea was preposterous, but it was equally impossible to ignore the reality before them. 
“We need to reassess our travel time to the city,” Archie said. “If this is all true, we’re a lot closer than we thought.” 
* * *
That evening the patriarch of the village returned. He came as the crew sat eating their dinner with the villagers. Zinovy heard an animal snort behind him. He leapt to his feet, his hands alert, but the caution was unnecessary.
The old man sat on the back of a camel, staring at the strangers. Finally he clucked to the animal. It dropped awkwardly to its knees and the man gathered his robes in one arm and dismounted. He looked at Zinovy, who stood by, ready to react to any danger. Then he spread his hands out toward them. “Please,” he said. “Be seated. You will not be harmed. You are our guests, it seems.”
Archie rose then and bowed to the newcomer. “You speak English?”
The Bedouin nodded. “What brings you to our village?”
They sat together and Archie explained the history of the Gaia group and told of their plans to travel to the city.
“I have heard of this place,” the Bedouin said. “In Palestine. It is a great mystery. All other cities were destroyed, but this one, alone, survived.”
“As did your village,” Archie said. 
The old man blinked his eyes and inclined his head. “Our village is thriving in this new environment, as you see. We are healthy and content. But we are missing many of our people.”
“We noticed,” Archie said. “Your men are gone.”
The Bedouin chief sighed. “We are bereft. The women, only, remain. If there were danger, we would be exposed and helpless.”
“Is there danger?” Archie asked.
“We have encountered none. We have heard there are outlaws to the south, but none have threatened us as yet. If they come, we will defend ourselves and survive. We are a hardy people.”
 The men talked a while longer, and the crew stayed the night in the village. The three Gaia children took advantage of the unplanned holiday, splashing in the river with their new Bedouin friends until bedtime. Sara, Grace and Michelle spent time with the women. Sara knew some French, and with gestures and smiles the three managed to learn more about life in the Arab village. One discovery added in a small way to their creature comforts.
“It’s too soft to use for a weapon,” Zinovy told Archie as they inspected a sample of the stone flint Sara had brought him. “But it obviously can be sharpened.” He rubbed his thick beard. “I think I’ll try it out on this bush growing out of my face.”
“The stones they’ve built their houses out of are soft too,” Michelle said. “They come from quarries somewhere around here. The women and children cut them out of the ground using the flint stones or even small sticks. And when they set them in place in the walls they kind of settle into each other. It’s amazing. When you touch the material it feels almost alive.” 
The next morning, Archie called them together. “Grace and I’ve done the figuring,” he said. “If we’re right we’ve only got 800 miles before we get to the city.” 
“Good,” Simon said. “Maybe you’ll quit nagging us to hurry.”
Archie grinned. “Don’t bet on it. See these gray hairs? I’m ready to retire. The sooner we get there the sooner my job is done. We’re pushing on, young man.”
The Bedouin patriarch came from his house in the center of the village to see them off. His grandson came with him, skipping and laughing by his side.
“You’re sure you’ll be all right without your men?” Archie asked.
“We are fine.” The old man shook his head and sighed. “The young men are foolish. They believe the lies of foreigners who promise excitement and power and wealth. They do not listen to the wisdom of old men. It is a hopeless matter when this is true. The foundations are destroyed.” 
The Arab child struggled to extricate his hand from the old man’s gnarled one, but the elder’s grip held firm. 
“When I was a child there was still talk of honor, but for so long now there has only been talk of revenge and of power. We suffered much at the hands of the western world in the old days. Even after the great leader emasculated the powerful nations the oppression continued. It is hard to believe it could ever be different, even in this beautiful garden that the world has become.”
Archie inclined his head toward Caleb, who stood beside him clutching a squirming Aslan as tightly as the old man clutched his grandson. “This child is an American.”
The old man reached out and tousled Caleb’s hair with his free hand. “It is true.” He looked at the children for a moment, first one, then the other. “Perhaps there is hope. I am a fool to believe it, but perhaps there is hope. If there is hope for any of us in this new land it will come only if these children grow up to live in peace with one another.” 
* * *
Charles had not enjoyed his trip to the Regulus compound. 
He eased his aching rear off the back of the horse he’d been riding, releasing his hold on the Bedouin warrior in front of him only when his feet had firmly touched the ground. He was not a horseman. If he was going to be a part of this group, he’d have to find another form of transportation. He rubbed the most painful spot on his back and squinted over at Adam. 
Suddenly, the quiet afternoon exploded with a rumbling burst of thunder that sent the sparkling air around them into a frenzy of movement. The horse he’d just escaped from bolted, responding to the agitation of its Bedouin rider. Charles whirled and looked to the north. A great mountain stood in the distance, rising abruptly from the level plain. Fleetingly, he wondered if the mountain stood between them and the city.
The Bedouins collected themselves, jabbering nervously. Adam was still mounted. Haidar, seated atop his horse by the Regulus leader’s side, inclined his head to the right, motioning for Adam to follow. The two walked their horses across the compound and disappeared in a clump of trees near the edge of the clearing. 
Charles watched them go, debating. It looked to be a long trip ahead of them and the transportation issue would have to be resolved. There was no way he could travel any distance on horseback. He’d never gotten along with horses, and he wasn’t built to ride. There had to be an alternate means of getting around. At some point he would have to talk to Adam about it. He might as well get it over with now. He trudged through the grass toward the two men, looking at his feet as he considered how he should word his request. He would need to be diplomatic. He didn’t want to hurt his chances for future involvement with the program.
Suddenly he was aware of movement by his side. His head jerked up. Elan was there. “Take my hand, Charles,” his new companion said.
“What?” Charles said, and swore under his breath. 
“Do as I say, now.” The authority in Elan’s voice shocked Charles. His jaw dropped as Elan reached over and grasped his hand firmly. They continued to walk, hand in hand, until Adam and the Bedouin came into view. 
Charles slowed his steps. Maybe he shouldn’t approach the two men after all. They were deep in what appeared to be a serious discussion. But Elan continued walking, drawing Charles along until they were within earshot of the conversation. Then closer. Adam didn’t even look up when they stopped beside his horse’s withers.
The Arab was talking. “But they are a cautious people. Suspicious. There is little trust even among themselves.”
Adam answered, “I know. It’s becoming a real problem. We need unity—loyalty—if we’re to accomplish anything. And their foolish superstitions don’t help any either.”
The Arab thought a minute, his restless horse sidestepping under him. Finally he cocked his head and looked at his companion. “Their superstitions might help us.”
“What do you mean?”
“I am thinking of the lion heart ritual. You should have made more of it. You had their attention then, but you lost it.”
The two sat for a while, thinking. Then Haidar’s face hardened. “Who is the child?” 
Adam seemed confused at the change of subject. “What child?”
“The one I held. The one the Russian was so concerned for. Who is he?”
“Oh, that one. I don’t know. They picked him up somewhere along the way. I think his name is Caleb.”
The horse under Haidar reared and whinnied, reacting to the sting of the crude bit in his mouth as the rider yanked on the reins. “Caleb! You are certain? His name is Caleb?”
“I think so. I heard the young girl call him that. Why?”
Haidar pondered. A dark smile hovered around the edge of his mouth, nearly staying, but not quite.
Finally he said, “You need that child.”
“What are you talking about?”
“You need that small boy. If you had him you’d have the people—how do you say?— ‘eating from the palm of your hand.’”
A frown rumpled Adam’s brow. “I’m sorry. You’ve lost me.”
“You said his name is Caleb. Do you not see? The Arabic name for Regulus—the little king—is Al Kalb al Asad.”
Adam’s quizzical look remained. Haidar leaned into his face and repeated: “Caleb. El Kalb. The names are related. How can you not get it? It is too amazing.” He sat back in his saddle and watched the suggestion sink in. “And the lion as well. He has a lion. And his lion is the offspring of the one whose heart the warriors were so impressed with when we showed it to them. The lion and the boy are friends. It is a sign, I tell you. It is destiny that he should fall into our hands.”
Adam considered. “I don’t know. The Regulus myth is an interesting parallel to our situation, to be sure, but the correlations have got to be coincidental. The prophecies aren’t even ancient enough to carry weight. No ancient prophecy would speak specifically of Russia and the United States. I thought you were too enlightened for such superstitions.”
“What if I am? The people are not. You want their support, yes?”
Charles knew how badly Adam wanted the support of the Bedouins. Adam had talked about it in one of their crew meetings. The Bedouins were a massive group, and powerful. They were manpower in every sense of the word and Adam needed manpower. But Charles could see that the idea of acquiring the child was not sitting well with the Regulus leader. 
“Having the child would complicate things. He’d be high maintenance. We don’t have time for that kind of baggage.”
“We do not need the child.”
Adam squinted at Haidar. “I thought you said—”
“The strength of the lion is in his heart, my friend.” Haidar tapped his sword. “We do not need the whole child. We need only his heart.”
Charles stared, open-mouthed at the Arab. Then, instinctively, he flinched away from both men, fearing the shock on his face would alert them to his horror at the terrible idea he’d just heard the Bedouin suggest.
Elan tightened his grip on Charles’ hand, stopping his evasive movement.
“They can’t see you, Charles. As long as we’re touching, they can’t see or hear you. Just stay where you are.”
Adam was talking. Protesting. “We gave them the lion heart. That was a concession. But I’ve told you, the ceremonial elements have to fall away. We’ll get nowhere in the end if we allow them to hang on to such superstitions.”
“But the prophecy is not complete. We need the heart of the child—this child in particular. That is all we need. Do you not see it?”
Adam pondered. “You say if you have this heart your people will be satisfied?”
Haidar smiled again. “If we have the heart of the child, you will have the heart of the people. They will follow you to the ends of the earth.”
“It’s barbaric.”
“They are a barbaric people. But they can be taught.” Haidar made his final thrust. “Sometimes sacrifices have to be made. The heart of this child, sacrificed for the good of the whole.”
Adam finally nodded. “All right. It’s done. But this is the end, do you hear?”
Haidar bowed. “This is the end,” he said.
Charles stood, trembling, stunned and silent. Then he turned to Elan. “The lion kill. The lion’s heart. They were the ones, then. It wasn’t the vandals.” He spoke as if to himself, the truth slowly dawning on him. 
Elan nodded. 
Charles looked at the ground. Surely this whole thing wasn’t real. It had to be a dream. A nightmare. 
The men left. Charles hadn’t heard the end of their conversation. He looked into Elan’s face and saw a reflection of his own horror.
“It’s true, then? They really are suggesting—”
Again, Elan nodded. 
Charles inhaled deeply, gathering his wits. The movement he’d been identifying himself with had suddenly become abhorrent to him. “I want no part of this,” he said.
“You are a part of this,” Elan replied. “But you don’t have to contribute to the evil if you don’t want to.”
“What do you mean?”
“You can save this child, Charles.” Elan’s face grew deeply serious. “This one you can save.”
Charles blanched. Memories flooded over him. Tears filled his eyes. He wilted. He would have fallen if Elan had not caught him.
The two stood for a moment, Charles clinging to Elan. Finally Charles straightened, ran his hand over his face, and frowned.
“Let’s go,” he said to Elan.
“You go. You can do this. I’ll be around later if you need me.” 
* * *
Charles plotted his escape for two days. While he planned, he puttered around the compound, taking pains to appear as if he were settling in. He’d hoped to leave in a way that wouldn’t raise suspicion, but in the end he’d decided that getting back to warn the others was more important than maintaining the element of surprise. 
He knew a plan was afoot to get the boy. For the last two days their camp had not moved. During that time Adam and Haidar had met with three or four small Bedouin groups. Charles had been too far away to hear the words they’d spoken, but he’d noted the body language. Adam would argue, order, cajole. Haidar would translate. But after each session the tribesmen, without exception, would frown, fold their white-sleeved arms across their bodies and shake their heads vigorously. In the end, Adam and Haidar huddled together by themselves, talking and nodding. Charles knew by the way they’d left their meeting they’d come up with a solution to their problem.
So Charles waited for dusk, planning to slip away after supper when his departure would be less noticeable. He surveyed the camp. Adam and Haidar were nowhere in sight. They tended to wander off for their frequent conferences. 
The Bedouins—there were many of them—were taking care of the horses, securing them for the night. They seemed to be constantly fiddling with their lines, making sure the gear was sound. The horses had an annoying habit of chewing on the reins. The American contingent—the six men who had come with Adam on his first visit to the crew—lolled on the ground near the center of the camp, chewing on grass and talking quietly. No one looked his way. 
Once again the mysterious thunder reverberated over the plains, coming from the bowels of the large mountain in the distance. Charles watched the reaction of the Bedouins. As always, they recoiled from the sound. As it faded in the distance, they settled, but the tension in their ranks remained. It was time for him to make his move. 
He unrolled his sleeping gear, making as if he were preparing for bed, then he sauntered off toward the edge of the clearing, unfastening his fly as he went in case anyone happened to look up and wonder where he was going. He’d almost reached the cover of a nearby cluster of oak trees when Adam’s voice stopped him.
“Charles. I need to talk to you.”
Slowly Charles turned and faced the man. He was in for it. He’d been discovered. He would be lost, and there would be no way to help the boy. He felt the flush of his thoughts as they spread across his forehead—written there for Adam to read. But Adam spoke before Charles could recover his voice.
“Charles, you asked earlier if there were some special task you could perform to prove your allegiance to the movement.”
Charles nodded, numb with fear.
“It turns out we do have an assignment for you. It’s one you’re well qualified for. In fact, I think you’re the only one who could do this for us.” He smiled. The warmth was missing. Why had he not noticed that before?
Adam went on. “This is an important assignment. The future of the endeavor we’re undertaking could ride on the success of your mission.”
Charles was flummoxed. What on earth could they want with him? 
“Let’s walk over here, away from the others,” Adam said, coming up beside him. “This mission is so critical we don’t want everyone to know the details.” 
The irony of the remark struck Charles. The details are already out, my friend. With difficulty, he composed himself. He still couldn’t speak, but he licked his lips and nodded once more. 
“What we need, see, is someone to work for us from inside the shuttle crew camp. We need you to return to your people—tell them you’ve changed your mind about working with us. Once you’ve settled in again, we need you to help us obtain a key person from that group. Someone who is invaluable to our cause. Would you be willing to do that?”
He was beginning to feel more at ease. Adam seemed totally oblivious to his escape plan. Maybe there was still a chance. “Who’s the key person?”
Adam shifted from one foot to the other and looked down. “It’s the young boy. Caleb I think is his name.”
“You want him? You would take him away from his people?”
Adam looked up again at Charles. “He has no people. I understood he was an orphan.”
Charles studied Adam’s face, contemplating. Then he lied boldly. “Yeah. He has no one. His folks were killed by vandals. The crew took him along because there wasn’t really anything else to do. They couldn’t just leave him behind by himself.” He pursed his lips and studied his feet, pretending to consider Adam’s proposition. Finally he looked up again. “Sure. If it’s that important I’ll do it.”
“Good. Now, even though he’s not related to anyone there, they might not be willing to let us have him. You saw how Zinovy reacted when he felt the boy’s life was threatened. It might not be easy for us to convince him to give the boy up. So this is the plan: once you’re back, you’ll need to attach yourself to him. He has to come to trust you and, more importantly, the others have to trust you with him. Once you’ve laid that groundwork, at a pre-arranged time, you’ll lead him away from the camp to a designated area where our people can meet you and bring him to our headquarters.”
“What are your plans for him?” Charles asked with apparent curiosity.
“He’s important to our Arab constituents. They think the boy has special significance. They’ll want to make him a mascot for the movement. His presence will give us credibility with these important allies. You probably realize how essential that is to us.”
Charles nodded. “Okay. I’ll head out tonight. It might take me a while to connect up with them. What kind of time frame are you thinking of?”
Adam gave him the deadline. It was not comforting. Charles wasn’t sure how he was going to deal with this situation, but at least he’d been provided with a credible reason for leaving the Regulus camp. Once back with his people, they’d have a few days to come up with some way to protect the child.
Adam spoke again. “They’ve moved since you came. We’ll send a guide with you.”
This development did not please Charles. He’d much rather go by himself. But Adam was right. He had no idea where the crew were by now. “How do you know where they are?” 
“We have a scout on them all the time. Been doing that all along. We need to keep tabs on what’s happening in the neighborhood, you know.” He squinted up at the sky. “It’s almost time for a changing of the guard. I’ll send you off with the next detail.” He looked at Charles. “You’ll want to collect your gear,” he reminded him. Then he grinned. “You also might want to finish your business before you go.” 
Charles blanched. What was he saying? What did Adam know about his business? 
Adam motioned to his open fly. “It will be a hard ride,” he said. Then he turned back toward the compound and called to Haidar. “Get the next watch ready. Charles will go with him.”
Charles breathed a sigh of relief and went off to collect his things, stopping on the way to do his business. Then he waited, trying to appear relaxed, but his mind whirled. 
His consternation deepened a few minutes later when one of the Arabs cantered up to him. Before Charles could protest, the powerful Bedouin reached down, grasped him by the forearm, and hoisted him up onto the horse. 
Charles groaned. He’d forgotten about the transportation problem. He gritted his teeth and grimaced as the warrior trotted off, following in the wake of the relief scout, oblivious to the agony of the bouncing baggage behind him.
Protect the child. The words echoed behind Charles’ pounding ribs as they galloped across the plain toward the shuttle crew’s camp. This time he could do it, Elan had said. This time he would be successful.
 Somehow, he knew it was true. It had to be true. He needed this chance to redeem himself. He shuddered as he clung to the robes of the Bedouin warrior, remembering, as if it were yesterday, that time, long ago, when he had failed to protect his own child. Remembering the agony—the inconsolable heartbreak that failure had caused. 




CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Zinovy looked up from the branch he was carving. Charles was back. Either the excitement of world domination had proved too much for him or Regulus had tired of his constant muttering and sent him back. Zinovy suspected it was the latter.
He watched Charles walk across the compound toward Archie, his bedroll slung over his shoulder and his backpack hanging loosely from the crook of his arm. The two talked briefly, then Archie smiled and they shook hands, and Charles plodded on toward a clump of bushes on the edge of the clearing to dispose of his kit.
Zinovy continued his whittling. He was making a flute for Caleb, using the new flint razor he’d brought from the village, being careful to shape the instrument in such a way that it could not be mistaken for a weapon of any kind. Archie finished a conversation with Grace, then sauntered over toward Zinovy, stopping to give some instruction to Graham and Alex on his way. 
He didn’t appear to be in a hurry, but there was an urgency in his voice when he spoke. “We have to talk,” he said. “Charles is back and he says he has bad news. I don’t know what’s up, but he insisted we meet him down by the river in a few minutes. He says we have to be evasive about it. Told me to pretend like everything was all right. Apparently we’re being watched.” Zinovy stiffened. “Don’t move quickly,” Archie said. “Just get over to the riverbank as soon as you can without appearing too purposeful about it.”
Zinovy resisted the urge to scan the perimeter of the camp. Instead he returned to his whittling, humming softly to himself until Archie had walked to the river and sat down on a clump of grass near Charles. 
A few minutes later Zinovy joined them. Charles stood on the bank watching the children splash in the water. He glanced up briefly as Zinovy approached, warning him under his breath to be casual. Zinovy squatted a few feet away from them both and resumed his whittling. In another few minutes Charles sat down and began to speak. His face remained expressionless, but what he said blew Zinovy’s mind away. 
Charles gave them the whole story—about Elan’s appearance at the Regulus camp, about the strangeness of standing with Elan next to Adam and not being noticed. He recounted the conversation he’d overheard, including the connection Haidar had made between Caleb’s name and the mythical El Kalb whose reputation they intended to use to gain power over the Bedouin warriors. He told them about his attempted escape, and about Adam’s interruption, and their scheme to include him in their plans. When he finished, Zinovy sat, stunned, his flute construction forgotten.
 “They’re a pretty heartless bunch of men,” Charles concluded, wincing at the inadvertent pun.
“Unbelievable,” Archie said. “Just unbelievable.”
The three sat quietly for several minutes. Zinovy thought hard. He remembered the day, early on in their journey, when he and Caleb had rested in the grass—when Caleb had chattered and he had dozed. The image of tiny, yellow bodies, bloodied, lying dead in their box, flashed through his mind. His shoulders slumped as the reality of the threat to this child settled down upon him like a mantle of lead. 
Finally Archie said, “We need to think this through. What are our options?”
“Well, we have a breather. Adam gave me time to get back into the groove here, enough time to make friends with the boy and convince you all that I’m back on track with things.”
“When are you supposed to deliver the goods?” Archie asked.
“It’s somewhat open-ended. As soon as I can carry it off, I’m supposed to contact the guard—their guard—and pass the boy on to him.”
“You say they’ve got a guard posted all the time. Does he travel alongside us then?”
 Charles crossed his arms. “Yes,” he said. “When we stop for the night, the guy posts himself on the far side of the camp, between us and the Regulus compound. He runs up a flag—some red Bedouin headdress thing. He runs it up a tree where it can be seen from some distance. Then he waits until his relief comes. They change the posting every twelve hours.”
Archie rested his elbow on his knee and played with his beard. “I can’t believe we haven’t seen this happening.” 
“The flag is always on the outside of the grove we camp in.” 
“And our guards are too near-sighted. They only watch the camp,” Archie said. 
“Their guards are Bedouin?” Zinovy asked. 
“No. He uses only the Americans for guard duty. The Arabs are too unreliable, I think.”
 Finally Zinovy spoke. “So perhaps we can accost this guard—sneak up on him and take him out.”
Archie shook his head. “No. Not yet. We don’t want them to know their cover is blown. We’ll carry on as usual for the next few days. How many days do you think we can get away with, Charles?”
“Five, max.”
Archie frowned. “Okay. We’ll have to work within that window.” He looked across the river, where Caleb and Sara were playing tag along the bank. “I guess they’re safe over there for now,” he said. Then he turned back to Charles. “How far away is the Regulus compound?”
Charles screwed up his face, calculating. “I’d guess it’s about ten or fifteen miles. The trip must have taken no more than an hour, though it seemed longer.”
“Do they move, too? They’re not set up in a permanent camp, are they? Where do they get their water that far away from the river?”
“There’s water over there,” Charles said, answering the last question first. “Another stream, not as big as this one, but big enough to support them. The group is huge, Archie. He’s got hundreds of the Bedouins, as well as the six American guys that came with him to the camp the first time, remember?”
“Hmm.” Archie grunted. “So they’re settled?”
“For now, I guess. They didn’t move when I was there, anyway. I figure they’re probably ten or twelve miles ahead of us, and maybe six or seven miles north of the river. They have another flag posted at their site for the returning guard.”
Evening crept over the brightness. The crew members began leaving the river and heading for bed. Archie straightened and rubbed the back of his neck. “Okay. I think we won’t tell the others about this just yet. The fewer people who walk around looking worried the better. We want to preserve the element of surprise as long as possible.” He turned to Charles. “You head on up with the rest. We’ll follow in a while.”
Charles stood and sauntered off, moving up behind Sara and Caleb. Archie and Zinovy watched him go. “I told you something bad was ahead of us,” Archie said. “This is about as bad as it can get.”
“We’ve faced difficulties before. We’ll deal with this one, too.” 
It was an empty encouragement. Zinovy had no idea how they would deal with this one.
* * *
Zinovy had expected to lay awake all night pondering their latest problem, but he was asleep as soon as his head landed on the mossy mound he’d chosen for a pillow. He woke refreshed, enjoying an instant’s peace before his memory kicked in. When it did, he scrambled to his feet and went off to find Archie. He found him down by the river.
Archie glanced up as Zinovy approached, spashing a handful of water over his head and rubbing his eyes before he spoke. “I’ve got more information,” he said. “Not good, of course.” He frowned. “They have weapons—lots of them. The Bedouins have knives, something like scimitars. Gruesome things. I’d hate to come in contact with one the way Charles describes them.”
Zinovy flinched. Archie stood up and went on. “That’s not all they have. They also have two butcher knives.”
Zinovy blinked at him and Archie nodded.
“So the vandals were not the thieves after all,” Zinovy mused. He readjusted his assessment of their enemy.
“You’ll never guess who carries one of the butcher knives,” Archie said.
Zinovy voiced the obvious: “Adam?” 
Again, Archie nodded, and a premonition flashed through Zinovy’s mind—a bloody vision somewhere in the future. Zinovy swore, thinking back to that day—Was it only a week ago?—when he’d confronted Adam in the meadow outside Sara’s bedroom. The man should have been eliminated. Zinovy had had the opportunity. He hadn’t had the will. He’d made a grave mistake. 
But just as instantly the inner voice he’d been learning to listen to spoke in his spirit. Don’t be afraid. Trust me. 
Archie wiped the remaining water from his face and went on. “I have some thoughts on how we should proceed. First, the three of us—you, me and Charles—need to keep close to Caleb and Sara at all times. I’ve already talked to Charles. He can do it easily, since he’s supposed to be chatting the boy up.”
Zinovy nodded, and Archie continued. “On the trail, I want you to continue walking with Sara and Caleb. Eric will probably stay with them as well, since that’s still his assignment as far as he’s concerned. And Charles will come along behind you. To any observers it will look like he’s just doing his job.” He turned and looked back at the camp, where the others were beginning to stir. “I suspect Adam will wait to see if the plan with Charles works before he tries something else, but we want to cover all our bases just in case.”
“That’s a good idea,” Zinovy said. 
“There’s no reason you can’t continue with the defense training. It won’t look suspicious, since we’ve been doing it off and on for a while now. Accelerate it if you can. We need to be as prepared as possible when it comes time for hand-to-hand combat.”
Zinovy nodded again. He was not keen on this part of the plan, but it made sense. The quiet presence in his heart stirred once more, but Zinovy pushed it aside. “Anything else?” he asked.
“I can’t think of anything more at this point. But let’s keep working on it.” Archie ran his hand over his hair. “Damn, it’s so exasperating. No weapons. No way to fortify ourselves. No place to hide, even.”
“I still think we should go after the spy.” Helpless impatience gave unusual force to Zinovy’s words. “If we capture him we can question him—get more information about the movement.”
“Then when the next guard comes to relieve him and finds him gone, Adam will have access to information about us—information we don’t want him to have yet.”
“We can capture the other guard too. Then he won’t be able to report back to Adam.”
“And when neither of them return they’ll know for sure we’re onto them and we’ll have the whole crew down on us.” Archie studied the ground. “I can’t figure out why Adam hasn’t done that already. They have the manpower. What’s stopping him from charging in and taking the child by force? It doesn’t make sense.”
Then, looking up, he said, “No, Zinovy. We need to hold off another day or two, at least. The action will come soon enough. We need time to prepare before it gets here.” They turned toward the camp, moving up the gentle slope of the riverbank as Simon and Ruben were coming down. They waited for the boys to pass, then Archie asked, “How’s the training coming?”
Zinovy gave a brief report—a discouraging one. Archie frowned, but there was nothing more Zinovy could say—nothing he could do. The boys would never be military men. He went back to his bed and packed up, then went to get something to eat. Sara and Caleb sat under a tree in the middle of the camp finishing their breakfast. Carter sat nearby. 
Soon Archie called them all together and they trekked off on their day’s journey. Zinovy fell in beside Charles, then worked his way forward until he was beside Caleb. 
The boy glanced up, his face full of sunshine, and smiled. Zinovy smiled back at him, the light in the boy’s face nearly dispelling the darkness of his fears, but not quite. Then he glanced up at Sara and Eric, grimaced at them over the small, tousled head, and fixed his eyes once more on the trail ahead.
* * *
 “Why do you work so hard at worrying?” Sara said. 
She was exasperated and Zinovy knew why. He’d been herding the two of them around for three days, dogging their steps, moving his bedroll as close to them at night as he could without raising suspicions. 
 “I don’t work at worrying,” he said.
“Yes you do. All the time. If you can’t think of anything to worry about you think until you come up with something. Why don’t you just roll with it—let things happen?”
Zinovy tried to control his irritation. “It’s called being prepared,” he said pointedly. “It’s called planning ahead. If you don’t plan ahead you’re caught off guard and bad things happen.” 
Those deep blue eyes bored into him. He’d begun to expect this kind of look from her, and faced it with a mixture of dread and awe. 
“No, it’s not, Zinovy. It’s not called being prepared. It’s called being in control. You hate it when you’re not in control, don’t you?” 
The arrow hit its mark. “Yes, as matter of fact I do, and I will not apologize for it. You have to be in control to make life work, young lady.” He stopped and amended: “No, you may not have to be in control. You can just let things damn well happen. But somebody has to be in control, or even you will not survive.” 
He jabbed a finger in her face. “You know what your problem is? You’re just plain spoiled. You never had to worry about caring for yourself. Somebody always looked after you. You lived in a protectorate, for God’s sake! What do you know about being prepared, or needing to be in control?” 
His rage was fueled by worry. She had no idea. He knew his words were hurting, saw the tears smarting in her eyes, but he couldn’t stop. “You have no business telling me I should not be in control. You damn well do not know what you’re talking about!” 
He heard the echo of his booming voice. He saw her stand there, watching him. The look was in her eyes again. 
Finally she said, “Have you ever really been in control, Zinovy?”
“Yes,” he declared, unaware of the hook she had buried in the bait. “I have trained to be in control. It’s how you deal with things.”
For a blissful split-second she gave him the silent treatment, an instant’s reprieve, before she said, “Then what are you doing here, in this place?” 
She waited while the barb lodged itself, then she turned and stomped away. He watched her go until she was almost out of sight. Then he saw her shoulders slump, her head go down. Her walk slowed to a stumble. She almost tripped. 
The anger in him shattered into a thousand shards and fell to the bottom of his soul. Helpless remorse took its place. How could you have done that to her? said the voice in his head. She’s the last person on earth you’d want to hurt. And suddenly he knew it was true. He stood staring after her, stunned by the revelation. Finally he turned and walked away in the opposite direction. 
He needed a break. Caleb was safe, sitting under a tree at the center of camp playing his new flute, putting on a performance for the rest of the crew. Zinovy pressed through the shrubbery that formed a hedge marking the eastern boundary of their camp, being careful to avoid the north side, where the Regulus guard was probably hiding, and headed upriver. The inactivity was killing him. For the last three days he’d done nothing but wait and worry. He looked constantly over his shoulder, trying to avoid the spy he longed to chase down and throttle. 
He hadn’t slept well for the last two nights. Maybe that was why he was so irritable. He stopped on the riverbank a few yards past the hedge, put his hands in his pockets and looked down at the sparkling water. The current was gentle here, the ripples barely strong enough to indicate the direction the water flowed. He studied his reflection, noting the three-day’s growth of beard, the haggard lines around his eyes. Then there was another rippled face beside his, smiling back at him, looking for all the world as if there were nothing to be worried about.
He glanced up at Elan and frowned. 
“What’s the matter, Zinovy?”
Zinovy contemplated his reply. His first instinct was to tell the man it was none of his business, but it was no use. Elan didn’t notice any boundaries between his business and anyone else’s. He decided to speak the truth instead. 
“These days it’s like I’m on a roller coaster,” he said. “I’m constantly being yanked back and forth from fear to anger to astonishment and back to fear again.”
“Is that bad?”
Zinovy turned to stare at Elan. “Of course it’s bad,” he replied.
“Why?” Elan asked.
Zinovy floundered. The answer didn’t come readily to mind. Finally he remembered. “Because human beings should not operate on knee-jerk emotions. Life needs to be approached rationally.”
“Really?” Elan responded with raised eyebrows. It was more of an exclamation than a question.
“Yes. Life requires stability and down-to-earth common sense. We weren’t meant to flail around at the whim of fate.”
Elan studied him through the glimmering air. “Zinovy, dead people are stable, and nobody’s more down to earth than they are. Are you sure that’s what you want for yourself?” 
He paused as if it weren’t a rhetorical question. When Zinovy didn’t answer, he went on. “Your emotional roller coaster, as you call it, is a sign of life. It’s a little uncomfortable right now. Newborn babies are uncomfortable when they first see the light of the outside world. But it’s a good kind of discomfort.” 
They stood silently together, Zinovy fighting the idea. He always seemed to be fighting ideas, and he was tired of it. Finally he spoke: “I don’t think I’m cut out for that kind of life. It’s too draining.”
Elan smiled at him. There was an irritating twinkle in his eyes. “It doesn’t have to be draining, my friend. You just have to give up some control, that’s all.”
Zinovy didn’t want to go there. He’d been round that barn before. He glared at Elan, then turned and tromped off at a determined pace. He pushed back through the hedge into the compound and kept going. He walked right through the middle of the flute concert, past Caleb, without even seeing him.
* * *
 “What’s wrong with Zinovy?” Caleb reigned his imaginary horse in beside Sara, who was inspecting a tree so full of good fruit it was hard to decide what to pick. She made her choice and picked another for Caleb as she responded.
“What do you mean?”
“His things are down again.”
“What?”
“His things are down. Whenever someone’s things are down it means something’s wrong.”
“I don’t understand, Caleb. What are you talking about?”
The boy sighed in exasperation. “See, like this.” He scrunched his face into a grimace, bringing his eyebrows down to a point just above his nose.
In spite of herself, Sara laughed. Caleb had the knack of making her laugh even when she was determined not to. 
She was determined not to, at the moment, because there was nothing to laugh about. She was a spoiled brat and he was a jerk. That was all there was to it. “And never the twain shall meet,” she quoted softly to herself. Why that should bother her she hadn’t gotten around to figuring out yet.
“I don’t know, Caleb. He gets that way sometimes, you know. It can’t be too serious. He’ll probably get over it soon.”
Caleb frowned. “What’s ‘probably?’“
“Probably?” she repeated. “Do you mean the word?”
The boy nodded. 
She pursed her lips. “Gosh. I’m not sure how to explain it.” Finally she squatted and looked into his face. “Probably is kind of like—like it’s a smart guess that something is true. You know? It’s a smart guess that Zinovy will quit worrying soon because there’s nothing to worry about any more.” She stood up again. “Maybe that’s the problem. He’s worrying because there’s nothing to worry about.” She took a bite of her fruit.
The question creases on Caleb’s face deepened. Now his ‘things’ were down. “But how can you worry if there’s nothing to worry about?”
“It’s beyond me, young man,” she answered, between chomps. The puzzled look remained. She stooped, tweaked his ear, and explained: “I don’t know, honey. But Zinovy will find a way, I’m sure.”
* * *
 “Why are we stopping here?” Zinovy asked. 
They’d traveled half an hour after supper. They could have gone another two hours at least. Minutes ago they’d moved out of a mixed forest of tall trees and dense shrubs into a broad meadow, dotted with flowers, that extended all the way from the riverbank to a distant copse of trees several miles to the north.
He looked over at Archie. “There’s got to be some place up river with better cover. We’re too exposed here.”	 
“That’s why we’re stopping,” Archie said, dropping the bag of supplies on the ground and shrugging out of his backpack. “We’re exposed here, but so are they. The spy can’t get close without being seen.” He glanced around. “And if he could get close there’s no tree nearby that’s high enough to run a flag up. We’ll see if this stymies them some.”
He called to Charles, who was helping Caleb off with his backpack. “Round everybody up, will you? We need to have a meeting.” He turned to Zinovy. “It’s time. Charles’ deadline is up. If he doesn’t get Caleb to them tonight they’ll be coming after him. We have to inform the others.” 
Within minutes the crew had gathered under the larger of the only two trees standing in the area. Archie began without preliminaries: “Folks, we’ve got a problem. A serious one. We’ve been holding off telling you, hoping we could come up with some solution, but time’s run out and we need to let you know what’s going on. It’s going to take everything we’ve got and then some to deal with this situation.”
All eyes were on the commander. Zinovy glanced past Sara, sitting cross-legged in the center of the group with Caleb in her lap, and scanned the horizon, looking for furtive movement. They were okay until morning, he reasoned. Adam would expect Charles to do the abduction tonight after everyone had gone to bed. But the hairs on the back of his neck refused to lie down. He would be scanning constantly from now on, waiting for the inevitable ripple of movement in the distance that would signal their coming.
Archie was speaking to him. “Zinovy, would you take Caleb for a walk please? Maybe down by the river. There’s no need for him to be at this meeting. And, Michelle, you can take Jenna and Peter as well. Stay close by, but I’d rather the children weren’t here. No, Mark. You need to stay,” he said as Mark stood to go with his family.
Zinovy gathered the small brood and wandered off toward the river. Archie’s decision to stop here for the night was a good one. Even from the river he could see a great distance in every direction. 
“Can I play a song, Zinovy?” Caleb asked.
Zinovy nodded and the group settled down on the bank. Michelle moved over and sat beside Zinovy. “What’s up?” she asked.
“The boy is in danger,” he told her quietly. She gasped and glanced toward Peter. “No, not your boy. Caleb.”
“Oh no. What kind of danger?” 
He wondered if he should wait and let Mark explain, but it might be difficult for Mark to do that with the children in bed next to them so he told her, speaking in a whisper. 
She turned white. “What will we do?” 
Zinovy shrugged his shoulders. “All we can do is keep watch and try to protect him when they come. We’re at a loss. The situation is very grave.”
In a few minutes Mark came to collect the children, his face grim. Michelle ran to his arms. “Zinovy, Archie wants you back in the meeting,” Mark said. “Come on, kids. Yes, you too, Caleb. It’s time for bed. You’ll sleep with us tonight.” They gathered their family and headed back to the center of the compound, bedding down in plain sight of the others, but out of earshot. Zinovy watched them settle, then returned to the meeting. 
Archie looked up as he approached. “Zinovy, we’re going to need those hands of yours. You’re all we’ve got now. Is there anything we can do to back you up?” 
All eyes were on Zinovy. They waited. Finally he shrugged and said, “Not that I can think of at the moment.”
Archie turned back to the crew. “What we can do is be on guard so Zinovy’s warned when they come. Mike and Alex, you’re on duty tonight, right? I want you stationed along the riverbank. There’s a chance they’ll use that avenue to come at us. Keep watch both ways and across on the other side as well. Charles and Zinovy will stand guard too. Zinovy, you two can set up on the north side of camp.” 
They discussed the procedure for dinner, which would be gathered from the few shrubs that dotted their campground. No one was to venture farther tonight. Then Archie wrapped things up: “Any questions? All right then, meeting’s adjourned. The rest of you try to get some sleep. You’ll be needing it.” 
The crew scattered, finding beds near the middle of the compound. No one wanted privacy tonight. Zinovy turned to walk away and Archie stepped in beside him. “I need a word with you,” he said. Zinovy glanced at him, then looked down and continued walking.
Archie grabbed an arm and stopped him. “What’s with you?” he demanded. “I thought you were used to this kind of thing. It’s a unique situation, but it can’t be much different from what you were used to in the old days. You’re trained for warfare.”
Zinovy said nothing. 
“Does this have anything to do with that red book?” 
Still no response.
“Damn it, Zinovy. That religious crap is going to be the death of us. It’s taken the fight out of everyone. How can I defend this crew if everyone is squeamish about fighting? We’re in a desperate situation. It doesn’t get any worse than this.”
Archie was right. Zinovy made a decision. He turned and looked the commander in the eye. “I’ll do what I can. We must protect the boy. I won’t let him be taken.” The chin under the mouth that spoke the words was firm. Zinovy had been in this place before. This time it would not happen. This time the chick would be saved.
Archie sighed his relief. “Good. I needed to hear that.” Then he went off to his bed.
* * *
Charles and Zinovy stood in the evening light looking out across the meadow. “I wonder what they’re doing about the guard tonight. There’s no place he could hide for miles,” Charles said.
“He has to be somewhere nearby. They’re expecting you to find him tonight.”
Charles nodded. “I wish we’d stuck to our normal routine and camped in a grove with a few trees around it. Then we’d at least have some idea where he’s coming from. This way he could come from anywhere.”
They continued to stand, scanning the area, for several more minutes. Then Charles tramped over to a large hummock and sat down. “We might as well settle in for the long haul. Should we take turns watching or both do it together? We might be better to take turns. I don’t know if I’ll be able to stay awake the whole time.”
Zinovy looked over at him. Almost, he felt sorry for the man. His attitude had changed since he’d been back. The grumpiness was gone, replaced by a seriousness Zinovy had never seen in him before. He wandered over and sat down beside Charles, keeping an eye on the dim line of the horizon as he settled back to watch and wait. 
After a while, Zinovy spoke: “You were married once, weren’t you?” 
Carter didn’t answer right away. “Yeah,” he finally said. He slumped in his seat and was quiet. 
“And you had children?” Zinovy prodded. He was curious. 
Charles roused himself. “Yes. I mean, no. None that grew up.” Again he was silent. Zinovy wasn’t sure the conversation would continue, but eventually Charles went on. “Elaine wanted kids real bad, but it didn’t happen. We were married six years. She dragged me around to every fertility clinic in Maryland and the D.C. area. I produced more sperm samples than a horny gorilla, and spread them over a wider territory too.” He grinned, picturing the analogy. “She finally found someone who figured out what was wrong. Something with her tubes or whatever, and all of a sudden there was a baby.” He squinted, and Zinovy was surprised to see a gleam that looked like moisture in the slits between his eyelids. This was a side to Charles he hadn’t suspected. 
But the baby had not grown up. After a while Zinovy asked, gently this time, “What happened to the baby?”
Charles looked up at Zinovy then. His eyes were soft, reflecting a tenderness that deepened Zinovy’s amazement. “She died,” Charles said simply. “She wasn’t a baby. She was seven years old.”
Zinovy shut his mouth. He would not ask more. But Charles, looking at the ground now, was still talking. “She was abducted from the school playground after school. I went to pick her up and she wasn’t there. We never saw her alive again. It was weeks before we found the body. Dumped in a drainage ditch beside a highway over the state line.”
Still Zinovy was silent, but Charles obviously didn’t expect a response. He was talking as if to himself now. “It was my fault. I was late going for her. I’d been writing—working on a report—and the deadline was looming. I said to myself, ‘I’ll just do this last section and then I’ll go.’” 
The minutes dragged on. The dusk deepened. Zinovy’s eyes were on the horizon, alert for any movement, but the image of the little girl’s body, broken and deserted in the ditch, kept flashing like a pulsing quasar through his mind. He imagined the waiting of the parents, for weeks—the hoping that she might turn up. Then the final despair.
There was a sigh beside him. “It was hard,” Charles said. “My wife went nuts. At first, of course, she blamed me. Fair enough. I blamed myself.” He paused again. After a minute he looked up and squinted into the distance. “Then she changed.” 
Zinovy glanced at Charles’ face. His brows were down and he was chewing on his upper lip. “She became religious,” he went on. “Ended up blaming herself. She had been too demanding of God, she decided. Had muscled into his territory, tried to do things her own way. She got all repentant and then in the end she consoled herself with the thought that she would see our little girl again in heaven.”
“But it was nonsense to blame herself. It’s natural to want a child.”
“Yeah. She knew that, but the way she went about it was bad, she said. She was too insistent I guess, or something. Anyway, she tried to get me into the religious thing too—tried to get me to go to church with her. She’d give me books to read.”
Charles was silent for a long time, his eyes focused on the distant luminescence. Eventually he turned back to Zinovy and finished his story. 
“I’m a scientist, see. I finally told her, ‘Look, I believe in what I see. If your God is real he can come down and stand right here in front of me. If he does that then I’ll believe.’”
“What did she say to that?” 
Charles chuckled. “She looked at me for a second, then she nodded. ‘Okay,’ she said. ‘I’ll see if I can arrange it.’”
A distant rumble sounded in the east. “That’s the thunder I told you about,” Charles said. Zinovy stood and walked toward the sound, straining his eyes for movement in the distance. Shimmering waves of color, undisturbed by the noise, rippled along the horizon as usual. 
“So finish your story,” Zinovy said, walking back. 
Charles crossed his arms again. “That’s about it. She backed off after that. Then, a few weeks later, the quake came. It happened on a Sunday—some special holy day, named after a tree, or something. Palm Sunday, that was it. She went to church that morning, and the whole building collapsed on top of the worshippers.” 
Again Zinovy remembered that earthquake—the Great Quake, they had called it. Bizzare. Cataclysmic. Worldwide. Millions of lives had been lost. The same one had taken Eric’s girlfriend, probably not far away from where Charles’ wife had been buried. It had rattled the barracks where Zinovy was stationed in Tula. 
“Did you recover the body?” he asked after a time.
Charles shook his head. “There weren’t enough people left. It was a horrendous job just dealing with the bodies that were exposed. The rest of them . . . ” he paused. “The rest we had to leave under the rubble.”
They sat, Zinovy remembering the news reports that came in after the communication systems were repaired. “I’m sorry,” he said, finally.
Charles shrugged, rubbed the corner of his eye with his sleeve, and scanned the perimeter. “If we can save Caleb—that will be good. I don’t want him to go through what she did.” Zinovy knew he was thinking of the broken body of his child.
They sat in silence. Eventually Charles began to snore. Zinovy glanced over at him, propped against the hummock, arms resting limp by his side. He let the man sleep until his own eyes began to glaze over. When he caught himself nodding off, he woke Charles and went to sleep himself. 
He dreamed that night. They weren’t good dreams.




CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
“He has betrayed us.” 
Haidar stood with Adam, staring out across the plain. It was early morning. The guard had just returned without Charles or the child.
“Maybe he couldn’t find our man,” Adam reasoned. “It’s strange they camped out in the open. That’s not their normal modus operandi.”
Haidar shook his head. “The guard could have been found. The American knew the general direction. If he had meant to, he would have joined us. We have been tricked.”
 “Who’s out there now? Is it James or Lance? Let’s ride out and have a chat with him.”
“They will be moving.”
“I don’t know. Their crew might stay put today. If they’re onto us they’ll be thinking defensively. Either way, we need to go check out the situation.”
Two hours later they rode back into the compound. They’d had their chat. The Gaia crew had been moving. They were moving fast.
“All right,” Adam said. “On to plan B. Have you got the Bedouins on board?”
Haidar shrugged. “Some of them. One raiding party is organized. The others, they are stubborn.” 
Adam swore. “This superstition thing is going to end up being more trouble than it’s worth.”
“Once we have the child it will be over.”
Adam glared at the tall man by his side. “It had better be,” he said. After a moment he spoke again. “We can’t count on the Bedouins. You go with them. Take one or two of the best ones into the camp. And make sure you bring the boy back alive.”
* * *
Archie had changed his mind. “We’re going to be as unpredictable as possible from now on. We’ll go hard and fast today, but if we find a good spot, we’ll stop early. It’s better, tonight, I think, to seek cover. Heavy cover. They’re onto us by now. They’ll attack for sure. If we can find an area with dense shrubbery we can burrow into the brush. When they come they’ll have to search for us.” 
He and Zinovy walked at the head of the line. Grace, Sara and Caleb plodded behind them. Eric and Charles brought up the rear behind Mark and his family. The boys marched in formation on either side of the line. It was a compact group. Looking back, Zinovy could see Eric’s red head bobbing up and down less than fifty feet away. Everyone was on high alert. They were taking no chances. Zinovy tripped over Aslan, who was running circles around their feet, and swore under his breath.
They stopped for a brief lunch and moved on. In the early afternoon they ran into a massive forest of tropical vegetation that slowed them down considerably. 
“I don’t like this. There’s too much of the wrong kind of cover here. They could be right on us and we wouldn’t know,” Archie said. But there was nothing to do but push through it. “At least we have the river on our right,” he said. “That’s some protection. They’ll probably come from the north.”
Eventually they came out into a large clearing and Archie breathed a sigh of relief. Zinovy craned his neck and squinted over Archie’s head. Visibility was about a hundred yards to the north. It wasn’t enough. They pressed on.
In another mile or two the clearing expanded, spreading out into a vast plain, visible for miles. “This is good,” Archie said. “Now all we need is some local cover.” They found it after another three miles. A small forest, trees sparsely scattered, with large, dense clusters of low-lying shrubbery throughout and the river immediately on the right.
Archie turned and called a halt. “Eric, I want you and Charles to move off toward the edge of those trees over there. Check the perimeter. Keep low, and watch for movement of any kind. Conrad, you and Emery go with them.” 
Then he turned to the others. “Quickly—before they have time to establish the watch. I want each of you to take cover in one of these shrubs. Mark, there’s one over there that looks like it could handle all four of you. You take that one. Sara, you and Caleb come here. I want you as close to the center of the group as possible. Can you climb under here? Do it now.” 
Sara protested, squirming in her discomfort. “Okay,” he said. “Go quickly and do your business. But forget the river and don’t go hunting around for food. You can find something to eat inside your boudoir this evening. I want everyone out of sight as soon as possible.”
“And keep quiet,” he added. “We’re going to lie low and wait for morning.”
Zinovy moved to the river, its waters rolling gently across a broad expanse to the other side. He scanned the opposite bank. Nothing moved but the glittering air. It was quiet. Too quiet. He turned back to the campsite and Archie beckoned to him.
“Simon and Ruben are on guard duty tonight, and Conrad and Emery as well. What do you think? Will that be enough?”
“We should augment,” Zinovy said. “I would do it, but I was on again last night and I’m so tired I won’t be able to stay awake. I thought I’d bed down with Sara and the boy.”
“That’s good,” Archie said. “We’ll reinforce with Graham, I think. He’s been off duty the longest.”
The scouts returned. “Nothing that we could see,” Eric said. “If they’re coming, they’re still many clicks away. We could see at least a kilometer toward their camp.”
And so they turned in. 
Zinovy crawled in behind Sara. She was on her knees in the close quarters, getting Caleb settled. “Move over,” he said. 
She turned, Aslan in her arms. “What are you doing?” 
“I’m sleeping here tonight.” She looked at him for a moment. “Don’t stare like that. It’s necessary.” He inclined his head toward Caleb. 
She turned back and tucked the lion into the crook of Caleb’s arm. “Go over on the other side of him,” Zinovy said. “I’ll sleep on this side, so.”
They settled down, Sara on the far side and Zinovy near the place he’d entered the bush, each with an arm draped over the boy who was already snoring quietly. 
It was strange to Zinovy, being so close to the girl in this manner. Their arms nearly touched—hers across the boy’s shoulder—his across the back. “I’ve got to get some sleep tonight,” he said to her. “I was on watch last night. If you hear something and I don’t, wake me.” He saw her dark head nod in the dim light. It was his last observation until he heard Michelle scream. 
The scream was long and shrill. It brought Zinovy upright instantly. He’d forgotten where he was. His head crashed against the low ceiling and his hair tangled in the branches, holding him prisoner for the one brief moment that might have saved Graham’s life. He would agonize over that later.
He reached up and yanked against the tangle of vines, ripping hair and scalp until finally he was free. By the time he’d scrambled out of the thicket the others were already on the scene.
A few meters away, Michelle sat on the ground, weeping uncontrollably. Grace held her, rocking back and forth in her efforts to bring comfort. Mark was nowhere to be seen.
“He took off after the children,” Conrad said. 
“What do you mean?” Zinovy demanded.
“They’ve been kidnapped,” Emery said.
“Where are Simon and Ruben—and Graham?”
Emery shrugged. “We don’t know. Simon and Ruben were over on that side.” He pointed to the northern boundary of the compound, “And Conrad and I were over here.” He turned. “Graham was back there somewhere.” Zinovy looked around for Archie. He was gone too. “They all went after the kidnappers,” Emery said. “Archie told me and Conrad to stay here with the rest.”
Zinovy suddenly remembered Caleb. He whirled and looked back. Sara was peeking out of the bushes, anxiety shivering in her eyes. He turned and went to her, told her briefly what had happened. “Stay here,” he said. “Get back in. Keep the boy out of sight.” 
“Oh my God,” she said, and scrambled backwards into the bush. 
Zinovy spoke into the branches: “Don’t move from here until I tell you. I’ll be back as soon as I can.” 
But before he could follow, the others had returned. Their faces were white and grim. Zinovy took one look at Archie’s blood-spattered shirt and blanched.
“They’re all gone,” Archie said quietly. “We didn’t find the twins or the children. Graham . . . ” He paused, swallowing hard, “Graham is dead.” 
* * *
They buried the body. It was not an easy task. They had no shovels this time. They dug like dogs, using crude wooden spades to pitch the sod behind them. 
While the boys dug the grave, Zinovy went with Eric to the scene of the slaughter. They wrapped Graham in his own bedroll, being careful to hold the head in place. Zinovy took one last look at the deep slash through the throat, and the face, wiped clean, now, of the anguish that must have filled his last moments. 
That night was an endless ordeal. Zinovy didn’t sleep. He sat against an olive tree listening absently to an orchestra of night sounds. The low grumbling of a lioness, settling her pride in for the night. The quavering bleat of a lamb somewhere in the distance, calling for its mother. The sweet song of a nightingale singing to a morning that promised no peace. Through it all, like the first violin carrying the melody, throbbed the sobbing of a mother who had lost her two children for the second time in three months. 
Morning came and there was no word from the kidnappers. It was not a good sign. Zinovy, the bright vision of Graham’s spilled blood still haunting his memory, resigned himself to the fact that the others were lost to them. The horrible vision of four bodies lying bloody and heartless somewhere in a field of flowers flashed across his mind. He thrust it away. His only consolation was that Caleb might now be safe. Adam must have settled for other sacrifices. 
He stood beside the tree that had been his sentry post all night, scanning the glimmering canopy that crowned the distant horizon. Nothing. He looked around at the group. Archie sat under a thornless acacia tree with Grace, trying to plan their next move. Some of the boys listened absently to the debate, silent in their grief. The rest hunkered down, sitting alone, staring into space. Mark consoled Michelle as best he could. Eric and Charles stood vigil over Sara and Caleb. The boy, unnaturally sobered by the atmosphere around him, played quietly with Aslan. 
Zinovy sighed. He could stand it no longer. He needed a duty. He strode over to Archie. “I’m going to scout around,” he said. Archie nodded and Zinovy took off. There had to be an enemy guard somewhere. Adam had his victims, but he would still be keeping an eye on them. 
After two hours of circling the camp, creeping through underbrush, studying every possible vantage point of the enemy, he turned up empty handed. It was another bad sign, but everything was a bad sign at this point. 
Still restless, he ventured several hundred feet out into the meadowland to the north, looking one last time for evidence—a discarded red bandana perhaps, or a gouge in the earth where a spy might have burrowed. Then he turned around and headed back to camp. Fifty paces from the trees surrounding the compound he heard the sounds. He stopped abruptly, then he began to run.
* * *
Ruben groaned and tried to roll over onto his back. For a moment he couldn’t remember where he was. When he did remember he groaned again. 
Simon. Where’s Simon? With difficulty, Ruben lifted his head and looked around. Something was pinning him down, and something else was blocking his view. He called out to his brother, then collapsed, breathless, and tried to still the panic. Why wasn’t Simon answering? 
He took a deep breath and willed his heart to be quiet. The feeling had returned to his limbs, but they were useless to him. He lifted his head once more and tried to orient himself. He lay in a small hollow, half buried in knee-deep moss. He could see nothing beyond the green, soft walls of his prison. It was all he could do to keep his face free for breathing. His hands were tied behind his back, his feet were bound at the ankles, and every bone in his body ached.
Gradually, he became aware of distant sounds, muffled and garbled. Men were calling to each other. He couldn’t understand the words. Then, without warning, rough hands snatched him from his bed and threw him onto his back. His elbow twisted under him and pain shot up his left arm. He winced and squinted up into the swarthy face of a Bedouin warrior.
There were two of them. They grinned and jabbered to each other—two or three unintelligible sentences—then they hauled him to his feet and dragged him off across the plain, oblivious to any damage their rough handling might be doing to his injured elbow or his bound limbs.
Ruben gritted his teeth and craned his neck, trying to get a glimpse of the campsite they were approaching. The compound bustled with activity, but all he could see were brown faces and white flowing robes. No sign of Simon, or of Jenna and Peter. 
Again, Ruben willed his anxious mind to rest. They had to be somewhere. But the memory of the large scimitar sweeping across Graham’s throat and the blood gushing from his body sent spasms of fear through his pounding heart. He scanned the scene once more, craving some reassurance that his brother was still alive.
Nothing. 
Then Ruben found himself sprawled on the ground before a familiar face. Adam loomed, hands on hips, before him. Haidar, the large Bedouin, stood by his side. Ruben studied the man. Was it he who had ordered the kidnapping? How could this civilized person be a part of all that had happened last night? 
As if in response to the unspoken question, Adam smiled at Ruben. There was sympathy and understanding in his eyes, but he did nothing to relieve the pain of Ruben’s awkward position on the grass at his feet.
“Hello, Ruben,” he said. The voice was calm, controlled. 
Ruben shook his head, trying to dispel the confusion—trying to reconcile the incongruity between his barbarous environment and the courteous face of the cultured man in front of him. He looked up at the Bedouin. The Bedouin had to be the one behind this.
Finally Ruben found his voice. “Where’s my brother?” he croaked.
Adam smiled again. “Of course. You’re worried about him. You don’t need to be. He’s fine. And so are the children.”
A wave of relief washed over Ruben. He collapsed, fighting the tears that smarted behind his eyelids.
Adam spoke again, this time to Haidar. “He’ll be the one to do it, I think. Take him to the others.”
Haidar spoke to the Bedouins standing over Ruben and they hauled him up once more and dragged him off to a clump of stubby trees near what appeared to be the center of the compound. Ruben glimpsed a circle of bushes—the kind the Gaia crew used as seats. A wooden clipboard full of papers had been tossed carelessly on top of the nearest one. That had to be central command.
One more crude wrench of his shoulder and Ruben was on the ground again. This time he landed to a chorus of relieved voices. 
“Ruben,” Simon shouted. “You’re alive! I thought you’d . . . ” his voice trailed off.
Simon’s hands, like Ruben’s, were tied behind him and his ankles were swollen around the vines that kept him from hobbling away. The children’s hands had been tied in front and looked to be looser. 
The bittersweet relief of their reunion quickly dissolved. There was no doubt they were in grave danger. Ruben pulled himself up beside Simon and looked toward the compound where Adam and Haidar were now seated, talking. 
Jenna started to cry. 
“Shhh,” Ruben said. “I want to hear what they’re saying.”
He listened, straining to hear the quiet voices, catching only part of the conversation, but what he heard was revealing. When the two had finished talking, Ruben stored the information in the back of his mind and turned to his brother. 
“Did you hear anything before I came? What are they planning?” But before Simon could answer, Haidar spoke to a burly Bedouin who was walking through the compound and Ruben was hauled before the Regulus leader again.
“I’ve been consulting Haidar,” Adam began. “I have to warn you. I said your brother and the children were safe, but the truth is, they are not totally out of danger.”
“What do you mean?”
“There is tension in this camp. You will have noticed the Bedouin warriors.”
Ruben nodded. How could he not have noticed? They’d been dragging him around all morning.
Adam went on: “They’re an uncivilized lot and they’re out for blood. So far we’ve been able to hold them back, but they’re determined to have their way. Eventually it’s going to mean sacrifice, I’m afraid.”
Ruben blanched. “You mean—”
Adam shook his head. “It doesn’t have to be your brother. He might be spared. You all will be spared if our plans work.” He paused and studied the ground. Then he looked up, worry in his face. “I have to tell you, much of the hope for their survival rests with you, Ruben,” he said. “Let me explain.”
The flesh on Ruben’s arms tingled as he listened to Adam’s plan. It was not going to work. Archie would never go for it. But what else could he do? He’d have to give in. Ruben’s anguish for Simon brought the perspiration to his brow. “Can I see him again?” 
“You can see him. But first we need your assent. We must make sure the plan is in place. You understand what you must do, don’t you?”
Ruben nodded.
Adam motioned to Haidar. “Tell them to cut him loose.”
Haidar said something to the Bedouin warriors and one of them reached down and sliced the vines from Ruben’s wrists and his ankles. Fire flashed through his hands and feet as the blood came rushing back. He groaned and his shoulders creaked as he brought his arms around and began massaging his wrists. 
Adam gave him a minute to recover, then he said, “Tell me. Repeat the instructions. We need to make sure you remember everything.”
Ruben dragged his mind back to the conversation he’d just had with Adam. “I have to return to camp. I have to tell them they can have the others back safe if they give you Caleb.”
Adam nodded. “And how is this trade to be arranged?”
Ruben sighed. “There’s a big rock ahead. They are to take Caleb there and leave him. You’ll make sure the others are sent back to camp as soon as you see he’s there.”
“That’s right. And where, exactly, is the rock? We don’t want any confusion here.”
“It’s two days’ journey from where they are now. North, in the middle of a big meadow, about 500 yards east of the river.”
“That’s right. You can’t miss it. It’s a large rock and the landscape is clear for miles in that area. You’ll be able to see it long before you reach the end of the second day’s journey.”
Ruben moaned. He knew this wasn’t going to be as easy as Adam made it sound. Archie wouldn’t give in to kidnappers’ demands. He looked at the Regulus leader and the doubt must have shown on his face.
“This has to work, Ruben. If it doesn’t, you might as well say good-bye to your brother now, because you’ll never see him again.”
The thought was unbearable. He and Simon shared everything. They thought the same thoughts. They finished each other’s sentences. Simon’s death would be harder for him to endure than his own. He had to make this work. He sat up straight and blinked at Adam once more.
The Regulus leader continued his interrogation: “Now, tell me the deadline. When is Caleb to be there?”
“We’re to take him to the rock by dusk two days from now.”
“You will go back today—this evening. You will tell the crew they must travel tomorrow and the next day. That second evening you will deliver the boy.”
Ruben nodded. 
Adam was quiet for a minute, letting the seriousness of the situation sink in. 
“I only have so much control, you see. I can hold the others off for a couple of days, but after that they’ll take matters into their own hands. I cannot take responsibility for what will happen to your brother or the other children if the boy is not on the rock in two days.” He caught Ruben’s eyes and held them. “You saw what happened to your colleague—the one who tried to rescue you?” 
Ruben swallowed and nodded.
“They’re a violent people. We hope to change that. But for now we must operate within our present limitations. You see that, don’t you?”
Ruben nodded one last time.
“You have your compass?”
“Yes.”
“You’ll find the camp due south. I’ll leave you to it then. Get going. I’ll see you at the rock in two days’ time.” 
* * *
Haidar spoke: “I do not understand why you gave them an extra day.”
Adam stood looking into the distance, marking the speed of the boy’s running steps. “We have plenty of time.” 
“But to give time to the enemy—that is foolishness.”
Adam smiled. “Your thinking is archaic, Haidar. In the past, battles were fought between enemies whose strength was more or less equal. In the past it was important to move with speed—to push the battle lines relentlessly.” 
He turned to his friend. “Time is less important in this new world, haven’t you noticed?” Then he looked back to the place where Ruben’s frantic feet had disappeared into the trees. “Time will not help them. There’s nothing they can do. We’ll get what we want in the end.”
* * *
Zinovy burst through the trees, breathing hard from the surge of adrenaline, and found the camp abuzz. The crew hovered over Ruben, whose voice Zinovy had heard in the distance. The young man spoke now in hushed tones. Zinovy had missed much of his report.
“They want Caleb. They don’t want the others.” 
Archie interrupted him. “I don’t understand why they haven’t stormed the camp and taken the boy. They must know how vulnerable we are.”
“They’ve tried that,” Ruben said.
“How do you know?”
“I overheard Adam and Haidar talking about it. Apparently they’ve been sending raiding parties out all along. They sent the last one in the middle of the night—the night Charles was supposed to bring him out. Every time no one returned. Well, no, the last time, apparently one guy made it back. He had some garbled story about giants or monsters or something that gobbled them up. 
“And there’s a mountain up ahead too. I could see it in the distance from where they had us tied up. I guess every time the raiding parties went, the mountain would rumble—like thunder—and the Arabs would freak out. They think the gods are angry—that they’re killing the raiding parties—and they refused to go again.”
“But somebody must have gotten through. Who kidnapped you three?”
Ruben’s face blanched. “It was the Arab guy—Haidar. He’s a brutal son of a gun. He had one other Arab with him—a big bruiser. They both had Arab-type swords—curved blades, you know. When Graham came after us, the other Arab reached over with his sword and . . . ” Ruben’s report trailed off.
Zinovy stiffened. Archie continued the questioning: “But why you boys? Why not just snatch Caleb?”
“They didn’t know where he was. They tried to make us tell them.”
“But you didn’t,” Archie said.
Ruben swallowed hard. “We couldn’t. We didn’t know which bush he was under.”
“So how did they find the other children?”
Ruben shrugged. “I think they just picked a likely bush and went in,” he said, shifting from one foot to the other.
“What will they do if we don’t give Caleb up?” Archie finally asked.
Ruben’s face contorted. “They will kill Simon.”
“Only Simon? What about the children?”
Ruben hesitated, darting a nervous glance at Mark and Michelle. “They won’t kill the kids.”
“Oh, thank God!” Michelle groaned, and buried her face in Mark’s shirt.
Archie studied the tension in Ruben’s face. Finally he said, “I see.” He glanced over Ruben’s head at Zinovy and raised his eyebrows. Zinovy nodded. 
“How far away did you say this rock is?”
“It’s a two-day journey. We’re supposed to take Caleb to the spot and leave him, tied up with vines, on top of the stone. When they see Caleb there, they’ll let Simon and the kids go and we can all go on our way without any more trouble.”
“All, that is, except Caleb,” Alex said. 
Archie shook his head. “We can’t do that.” 
“What else can we do?” Conrad asked.
“We could make a dummy,” Raheem suggested. “Dress it up in Caleb’s clothes and make it look like him. Leave that on the stone.” 
“That’s a stupid idea. They’d find out and be after us in a minute.”
Raheem frowned at Conrad. “Well, do you have a better idea?”
No one did. After another fruitless comment or two, Archie sent them all off to bed. “Try and rest. We’ll get a fresh start in the morning.”
But Zinovy’s restless mind was at work. As the others wandered away, he drew Archie aside. “Too much planning and not enough action.” 
“What do you propose to do?” 
“I propose to take Ruben and go to this camp and check things out. We have been on the defensive too long. We need to be more proactive.”
Archie cocked his head to one side and studied Zinovy for a moment. “And just what will you do when you get there?”
“I don’t know yet. I’ll decide when we get there.”
Archie walked away, shaking his head. “All right,” he said. “You go ahead. Just don’t get yourself killed. We can’t afford to lose anyone else.” 
Zinovy frowned and went off in search of Ruben.




CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
They’d traveled a mile, Zinovy loping along on Ruben’s heels, when Ruben stopped to look at his compass.
 “I think we might be going the wrong way.”
Zinovy looked over the boy’s shoulder. “The compass says we’re going due north. That’s the right way, isn’t it? You came south.”
“Yes, but nothing looks familiar. I don’t remember seeing any of this bushy stuff when I came before, and that stand of trees up ahead wasn’t there, I’m sure.”
Zinovy swore. The last thing they needed was to get lost. But they couldn’t be lost if they’d been following the compass readings. 
“We must be going right. When you came back you weren’t seeing from this direction. Things look different from behind, and different at night too.”
“I guess so. I don’t know.”
“We have to keep going. Trust the compass. It’s better than trusting your feelings.”
So they continued, through the bushes Ruben didn’t recognize, through the forest he didn’t remember, until finally they came out onto a plain and Ruben saw the mountain. 
“Yes!” he whooped. 
“Shhh.” 
“It’s okay. We’re not that close yet. But that’s the mountain I was telling you about. There. Did you hear the thunder? We’ve got to be getting closer to their compound. That’s just how the mountain looked when they dragged us here.” 
Zinovy did hear the thunder. The sound was far away, but so deep he could feel its vibration. He could understand why the Bedouins might fear it. Something resembling fear trembled in his own chest as he stood, listening. 
He shrugged the feeling off and studied the mountain. It stood in the distance, broad and flat, a giant plateau rising—how high? Maybe five thousand feet above them. The base was a good twenty or thirty miles across, stretching to the east until it appeared to be directly in the path of their journey upriver. He wondered if the river curled around it or flowed down from the top. 
Two distinct ridge escarpments interrupted the deep colors of what must be vegetation that crept gracefully up the side and over the crest at the top. The lower ridge began close to the base, wrapping around from the east toward the west, making its ragged way about halfway across the face of the mountain before it petered out into a gentle hummock and vanished into a banner of deep blue and purple color on the western slopes. 
The second began just above the splash of purple and blue and zigzagged east back across the side of the mountain, trailing halfway over again before it, too, smoothed out into a gently undulating ridge that beckoned, like a welcoming hand, toward the summit. 
All this Zinovy took in at a glance. Ruben was now running. It was all he could do to keep up with the boy. When they reached a cluster of mango trees they slowed down, and at the far edge of the grove Ruben stopped.
“Look,” he said, pointing through the fruit-laden branches across a broad, open meadow. “The camp is on the other side. See? There, by those trees over there, that’s where they keep the horses. The hole where Simon and the kids are is just this side of it. I can see a couple of men walking around. Must be the guards.”
Zinovy estimated the compound was a good two hundred yards ahead, across an undulating plain where the grass stood waist deep in places. They were too far away to see more than vague forms moving about the camp, but the distance was to their advantage. They were unlikely to be spotted from here, and they could see enough to get an idea of the enemy position and their strength. 
What he had seen so far was disheartening. Hundreds of white-clad Bedouins swarmed around the outskirts of the compound. He squinted. If the two of them could move closer under cover of the tallest patches of greenery—
Ruben was impatient. “We need to get closer. I want to see if Simon is still all right.”
“Hold up. We’ll wait until the camp goes quiet for the night. Then we’ll go closer. I wish badly for a pair of field glasses.”
They waited an hour. Gradually the dusky air grew softer and eventually movement in the camp ceased. Silence settled over the meadow, interrupted only by an occasional distant snort from the horses, or the mew of a sleepy animal bedded down in the field. 
Zinovy had just opened his mouth to speak when a new sound—urgent and too close for comfort—sent his hand to the top of Ruben’s head. They hit the ground together, Ruben’s cry of surprise arrested as Zinovy’s other hand came down hard over his mouth. They lay together on the soft turf, not breathing, as hurrying feet, crashing through the underbrush beside them, came and went across the meadow and over to the quiet camp asleep on the other side.
“What?” Ruben began.
“Shhh. Wait.” They waited until the running figure cleared the edge of the compound. Two other figures roused themselves from the command center and came to meet him.
“Where did he come from?” Ruben asked.
Zinovy shook his head. “I don’t know. It’s got to be their scout. How could I have missed him? I searched every inch of the ground around our camp. I could swear no one was there.”
They watched from the cover of the trees while the three men talked. In minutes the report had been delivered. The messenger turned and began to run again, retracing his steps across the meadow, heading straight for the mango trees. Zinovy and Ruben dove into a tangle of grapevines and buried their heads. The runner sped past, so close Zinovy could feel the rush of air his heels created in the grass. Then he was gone, back in the direction of their camp.
Zinovy sat up and looked around. The compound across the meadow had settled again. Whatever message the runner had delivered had been digested and tucked away for future action. It was time, now, to do their own reconnaissance.
* * *
They were close now—so close they could hear the sputtering snores of the bandits asleep in the meadow on the far side of the compound. So close they could count the bedrolls scattered on the ground around the command center. Eight bedrolls, all rounded, sides rising and falling with the breathing of their occupants. One of these—the largest—would be Haidar. Another was Adam. And the other six would be his personal bodyguard—the men he’d traveled with from Atlanta. 
Something bothered Zinovy about the headcount. There was a puzzle here he needed to work out when he had more time. He nudged Ruben and nodded toward the string of horses tied up along the eastern boundary of the camp. 
“Simon?” Ruben whispered. Zinovy nodded, a finger to his lips. Ruben had said the hostages were kept in a depression just beyond the horses. Zinovy didn’t want to disturb them. The children would be sure to cry out. But he wanted to double check their location and make sure they were alive. 
They crawled carefully around the animals and past the guards, who were propped against a couple of moss mounds, chins on their chests, snoring loudly. Then they bellied up to the edge of the hole and peeked in. 
Simon was asleep, curled in the fetal position, his hands and feet tied in front of him now. The two children were huddled together, Peter back to back with Simon, and Jenna snuggled against him, her face resting under his chin. 
Ruben let out a sigh. Zinovy shushed him silently. They retreated, on hands and knees, as far as the horses. Then they got to their feet. Zinovy stood surveying the center of the compound. The horse at the end of the string snorted gently in his ear. He reached up to calm him and found himself clasping a roughly woven network that covered the mouth and nose and ran up over the ears. The horse was muzzled. Of course. That was how they kept them from eating the reins. 
He looked down the line of horses and, sure enough, each nose and mouth was buried in a basket made of woven vines. His hand ran up the side of the stallion’s face. The animal pulled away from his touch and Zinovy’s hand came away wet. He looked at the blood in the glowing light and stepped back, peering up into the horse’s face. The deep brown eyes of a tall Arabian stallion, proud and untamed, looked back at him. This was Adam’s mount—his mouth still bleeding from the awkward bit. Without stopping to think, Zinovy reached up and pulled the muzzle down off the stallion’s face and tossed it into the brush. The horse immediately began eating his reins.
Then Zinovy remembered why the headcount had disturbed him.
“Ruben,” he whispered in the boy’s ear. “There were six men with Adam when he first came to us—only six, right?” 
Ruben nodded, squinting at Zinovy. “Why?”
“And Adam only used those six men for his scouting parties?”
Again Ruben nodded. “Why are you asking?”
“There are eight bedrolls by the command center. Haidar, Adam, and six others.”
“Yeah. That adds up.”
“Then where did the scout come from—the guy who ran the message to Adam and then went back past us?”
Ruben frowned. “I don’t know.” 
They dropped to the ground once more and began making their way back around the camp toward the grass cover. Ruben gasped.
“Shhh. What’s the matter?”
“I found something.” Ruben lifted a bag from under his knees. Zinovy grabbed it and shoved it to the ground beside the boy. “Keep it down, damn it,” he hissed. He lifted his head and glanced at the two guards. They continued to snore gently.
He ran his hand over the pouch Ruben had found. “The supplies kit,” he whispered. So it had not been the vandals who did this thievery either. It had been Adam’s crew all along. He slipped his hand into the bag. There were the two shovels and the medical kit. He felt further, but the butcher knives were not there.
“Come. We need to get out of here.”
They were on their way back to the grove of mango trees, writhing through the tall grass on their bellies, when they heard a shout from the camp behind them.
“Hold it! Come back here!”
Zinovy froze, willing even the slight movement of the grasses they were passing through to be still. He waited, his hand on Ruben’s back, listening to the gaggle of voices behind him as Adam’s crew woke to the cries of the two guards who had been sleeping beside the hostage pit. 
His mind worked as he lay there. They would have to make a run for it, but they had no chance of getting away. The enemy had horses. He groaned. They’d been so careful. How could they have been discovered?
Haidar’s voice came ringing out across the meadow. “Adam. He is yours. We must capture him.”
Zinovy lifted his head and glanced over his shoulder, ready to make an instant judgment as to when they should spring and go. It was then he became aware of the pounding hooves of the horse—alone and riderless—running across the meadow toward them. Trailing ends of woven vines whipped playfully in the air over his head, tangling with his mane as he ran. 
The Arabian stallion. Silently he cursed himself. He had removed the muzzle. Now the freed animal was leading the enemy right to them. 
Zinovy ducked his head, waiting for the horse to land upon them—waiting for the guards that would come on the horse’s heels—waiting for their capture and the anguish of knowing he had failed again. An involuntary prayer rose from his throat as he lay, helpless in the face of yet another impossible circumstance.
Then he heard Adam’s voice calling the men back. “Let him go. He wasn’t that useful anyway. I’ll get another more cooperative one.”
Zinovy allowed himself one breath of relief. They had seen the horse, but they hadn’t seen the fugitives. And they would let the horse go.
But the horse was almost upon them and Zinovy was sure, when he came, he would stop to greet them. Someone would be sent to investigate the reason for the interruption in the stallion’s headlong flight. 
The horse arrived. He stopped, bowed his head and buried his nose in the crook of Zinovy’s arm. There was nothing Zinovy could do but hold him and pray that the camp would not sense the cause of the animal’s distraction. He looked at Ruben’s white face and held his breath. The boy stared back, eyes wide with fear. 
For several long minutes the two listened for sounds of pursuit, but none came. Finally they eased themselves onto their bellies and began writhing through the grass again, dragging the supplies kit with them. 
They went slowly at first, inch by inch. Then foot by foot. Then yard by yard. The horse followed, seemingly unconcerned with the slowness of their pace, stopping to graze while they gained a few yards, then moving up behind them again to pause by yet another luscious clump of fodder. 
Eventually they made it to the edge of the mango grove. Zinovy stumbled to his feet, knees shaking, and buried his hands in the horse’s mane. “You beast,” he growled softly into the stallion’s ear. “You almost got us killed.” And with a deep breath, he turned to Ruben.
“Get out your compass. We’ll ride back to camp.”
* * *
The scouting trip had not been a great success. They knew the hostages were still alive, but they were no nearer finding a way to rescue them. They’d measured the strength of the Regulus movement, and they knew where to find them, but the number of soldiers Ruben and Zinovy had counted at the enemy camp dwarfed their small army. There was no way they could protect Caleb if Adam rushed the camp. Zinovy groaned. He had no power to defend this group of people, and he was their only military hope. His chest heaved.
Archie had received them back in the early morning hours without fanfare. “I wasn’t expecting a miracle, Zinovy,” he said when he woke to hear the report. “I’m resigned to the fact that there’s no way we can protect Caleb. I’ll die trying, if it comes to that, and it probably will. One way or another, this whole experience will be over soon for all of us. Maybe it’s just as well. We have no idea what’s ahead anyway. The end would have to come sooner or later.”
Archie’s dark pessimism was out of character. Zinovy heard him out, the hair rising on the back of his neck as he listened. The pronouncement sounded like a prophecy. 
Almost, Zinovy was convinced that Archie was right. Reason certainly supported his conclusion. But somewhere along this journey reason had ceased to be the final authority for Zinovy. Somewhere in the back of his mind, or perhaps in his heart, a voice whispered, Just trust. Zinovy recognized that voice and, against all reason, his spirits lifted.
* * *
“We should continue to move ahead,” Archie said the next morning as they gathered after breakfast. “If we move in the direction they want us to, they’ll at least believe we’re getting ready to comply with their wishes. As long as we look like we’re complying, the hostages should be safe.” Zinovy noted the qualifying word. He stood for the meeting. He never sat down anymore. He watched the horizon to the north as he listened to Archie’s strained voice. 
“Again, we’ll put Caleb in the center of the group. Alex, you and Eric on either side of him today, okay? But first we’re going to cross the river. I want to go up the west side today, keep the river between them and us. Let’s get going.” 
They waded across the river, the stallion plodding along by Zinovy’s side, nudging him in the back as they came up on the far bank, shaking his mane and whinnying as they turned north and formed their line. Adam’s horse had insisted on becoming a member of the crew. He fell in beside Zinovy as if they’d been friends forever. 
The horse wasn’t the only one to join them on their journey. “Do you notice how many animals we’re seeing today?” Sara said. “It’s almost like they sense something.” 
A family of rabbits hopped along beside Caleb and Aslan. A large herd of water buffalo meandered contentedly along on the other side of the river, nibbling on the bright grass, keeping their distance, but staying with the travelers the whole afternoon. Then the zebras took over. 
“Strange,” Sara said. “It’s like they’re on sentry duty. They relieve each other.”
As for the birds, their chatter never ended. Zinovy wondered at how naturally life continues in the midst of tragedy. The crew trudged on, getting closer and closer to the final confrontation. Finally, just after dusk, Archie called a halt.
They camped again by the river, again in dense clusters of vegetation. Zinovy slept lightly with Sara and Caleb under a canopy of low-lying branches whose fragrant flowers assailed his senses all night long, reinforcing, somehow, the peace that insisted on covering his spirit in spite of their circumstances.
It wasn’t worry that caused Zinovy to sleep lightly, but the puzzle. He could not, for the life of him, explain the seventh man in Adam’s retinue. There had been six. Only six. And all had been asleep with Adam in the compound that night. He and Ruben had both counted the bedrolls twice. There had been no mistake. 
The puzzle remained unsolved. In the early morning hours Zinovy finally fell into a deep sleep. He woke refreshed to Caleb’s morning chatter and rose to face the day. 
He went to the river, dove in, came up sputtering, wiped the water from his face, and hauled himself up onto the bank. As he clambered over the rocks, it came to him in a flash. He knew, without a doubt, where the other scout had come from. He clamped his hand over his chest and raced to the center of the compound. Then he went around collecting the boys. 
“Alex, Mike, get over here. I need to talk to you. Raheem, where’s Ruben?”
“He is on the other side of the river—he and Conrad. Archie sent them to scout ahead. He wants a warning if they send someone over to check on us. He is not taking any chances.”
Taking chances. That’s what Zinovy had been doing all along, and he didn’t even know it. He kicked himself for the oversight. 
He motioned for Emery to join them from across the compound and the boy came, chewing on his breakfast. Zinovy told them all to sit down, and then he pulled a soggy scrap of paper from his shirt pocket.
He studied their faces as he spread the damp receipt out in the palm of his hand. The writing still showed, barely. The boys all gave him blank looks, but none of them would know, yet, what the paper was or why it mattered. 
He squatted down and gave the receipt to Alex who took it with a question in his eyes. “I found this on the ground before we began the journey,” he said. “It belongs to one of you and I want to know who lost it.”
Alex looked at the paper. “It’s some writing. A couple of letters and some numbers. Looks like a phone number.” He looked up at Zinovy. “I don’t know what this is. It’s not mine.” 
One by one, the boys took the receipt and studied it. None of them claimed ownership, and the blank look remained in their faces until the paper came to Emery. Emery took it, studied the writing, then he turned it over and looked at the other side. “It’s a grocery receipt,” he said. Then a light dawned in his face. “Hey. I know whose this is.” He turned to Raheem. “Who would buy a diet soda and two candy bars at the same time? Who do you think?”
Raheem grinned. “Conrad. He would do that.” He turned to Zinovy. “We used to tease him. He would buy a drink with no calories, so he would not gain weight. Then he would buy chocolate.”
Zinovy sprang to his feet and ran for the river. Before he got there, he saw Ruben coming back, walking alone. He waited until the boy had waded across, then said, “Where’s Conrad?”
“He went on ahead. He sent me back to report to Archie. We haven’t seen a thing so far.”
Zinovy slapped his knee. “And we won’t see Conrad again either,” he muttered to himself. Then he went to tell Archie that the traitor in the camp was off to tell the enemy that they would not be rendezvousing at the large flat rock at the end of their day’s journey after all. 
* * *
Archie and Zinovy stood at the edge of their hastily constructed camp on the riverbank and looked out across the meadow at the large, flat stone that stood, bathed in dusky brightness, between the river and the Regulus camp. The mountain glowed red in the distance, its crimson light reflected on the top of the rock. 
This was it. The end would come soon. Zinovy frowned as the realization hit home once more. Tonight Adam would either sacrifice Simon and sell the children to the highest bidder among the Bedouin warriors, or he would come for Caleb. 
There would be more than one sacrifice, either way. None of them would give up any of the children without a fight to the death.
“Conrad will have told Adam, by now, that we’re not letting Caleb go,” Archie said. 
Dusk had come and gone. No sign of enemy activity had interrupted the calm of the evening, but a foreboding hung over the brilliant air like a shroud. Zinovy looked around. Their camp guards were in place—five of them again tonight. They covered the whole of the face of their exposure to the north. 
Zinovy felt strangely calm. It was the calm of a man completely helpless in an impossible situation. He thought again of Conrad. “We should have figured it out,” he said. “It was Conrad who was on watch the night our knives were stolen. When I found him, he told me he’d been out chasing down the vandals, but instead he’d been leading the Regulus thugs to the supply cache.”
Archie nodded, looking out over the meadow. “He was always missing. I was always having to ask someone where he was.”
“Do the others know?” Zinovy asked. 
Archie shook his head. “I didn’t tell them. What’s the use? Conrad won’t be back. He’ll have filled Adam and Haidar in on all our plans by now. As if we had any.” He sighed and looked around, checking to see that Caleb was out of sight.
At that moment the danger came. 
Zinovy whirled at the sound—the beginning of a scream that ended in a way that froze his heart. He sped into the trees lining the riverbank. Terror strangled him—added weight to his feet. He’d heard that kind of aborted scream before, in combat. He knew the implications. He’d also recognized the voice. 
He was half aware of Archie’s running feet behind him and Eric’s farther back. Then they reached the clearing and he saw her, sprawled like a rag doll under a willow tree. He ran to her, knowing instinctively she was dead. He gathered her limp body into his arms and a wail rose in his throat. He managed to cut it off before it left his body, but he could not control the tears that sprang to his eyes. 
This moment, he knew, would be stamped on his memory forever—the most anguished moment of his life. And in that moment, much too late, he wanted to tell her how much she mattered to him. He was ready to leap out of his box into her world, but she had gone from it forever.
* * *
His tears on her cheeks were the first thing Sara became aware of as she woke. She opened her eyes and saw his face, distorted in pain as he bent over her. She felt his arms tightening around her. She heard the silent wails within his throat. 
At first she was confused. A mixture of sensations surged through her body. What had brought her to his arms in this way? Why was he crying? She moved against him, struggled to sit up. He loosened his hold on her, and a great well of gladness filled his eyes. 
“Where am I?” she asked. Then she remembered, and fear gripped her throat more tightly than the choking vines had done. “Where’s Caleb!” 
Zinovy looked at her, his face blank. The man appeared to be in shock. She grabbed his arms and shook him. “Where is he?” she repeated. “Caleb—did you find him?”
Instantly she saw his eyes clear. “Find him? What do you mean?”
“Oh, Zinovy,” she cried. “They stole Caleb. Adam and Haidar, they took him. They headed upriver. I tried to stop them, but Conrad . . . Zinovy, Conrad is one of them. He tried to kill me.” 
She watched the shock return to Zinovy’s face. It remained for only seconds. Then his face hardened, his jaw set and the glitter in his eyes sent shivers down her spine. 
“Go,” she said. “Go after them. Caleb—” 
But he was already off, running up the river in the direction she had pointed. 
Sara collapsed on the mossy bank and caught her breath. It seemed she couldn’t breathe deeply enough. Never had oxygen been so important to her. Then Mark was there. “Sara, are you okay?” 
She shook her head. Her courage broke under Mark’s familiar touch. She fell into his arms and burst into tears. Michelle came up and the two of them drew her to her feet and half carried her back into the compound. 
“Where is everybody?” Michelle asked. Sara shook her head. The shock, the effort to speak, her fear for Caleb, had wasted her. 
Then Raheem and Emery crashed through the shrubbery into the clearing. Ruben and Mike were close on their heels. “What is happening?” Raheem asked. 
“Caleb’s been stolen,” Mark said. 
“How could he? We have been on sentry duty. We saw no one.”
“They must have come down the river. They snuck into the compound and snatched him right out from under the watch.” 
Sara shuddered and willed herself to be strong. “No, no,” she said. “That’s not how it happened. I was with Caleb. We were getting ready to dig into the bushes for the night, but Aslan had wandered away. Conrad came over and offered to help Caleb find him before we went to bed. 
I didn’t think anything of it at first—him going off with Conrad—but something didn’t feel quite right. Something told me I should go with them so I followed. I came into that clearing by the river and Adam and Haidar were there. Adam had a knife.” She cringed. “It was one of the butcher knives.”
Sara went on. “Haidar had Caleb under one arm and Aslan under the other. As soon as they saw us they ran. Conrad turned back.”
“Conrad? I thought Conrad was scouting up ahead.”
Again she shook her head, struggling to control the trembling. “Conrad tried to kill me,” she said. “He strangled me.”
Ruben had been leaning over her. Now he straightened. “The vine technique,” he said, looking at the others. “Remember how Zinovy taught us to use the vines?”
“So Conrad’s a traitor.” Emery spit out the words. “I wonder how long he’s been fooling us?”
Mark broke into their excited ramblings. “It doesn’t matter. All that matters now is that we find Caleb. I think Archie, Alex and Eric went after him—I saw them take off while Zinovy was looking after Sara.”
And then Zinovy was back. All heads turned toward him as he stumbled into the compound. Sara took one look at his ashen face and fainted. 
* * *
Zinovy tore along the riverbank, straining to catch sight of his prey. Visibility was poor. Clusters of underbrush dotted the trail before him, scattered throughout a vast stand of oak trees that seemed never to end. He stumbled around five or six of the brilliant green clumps of bushes before he heard the sounds of battle. No guns. No screaming mortars. Just the ancient, deep, guttural sounds of men engaged in a struggle to the death. 
His steps quickened, but it was another ten seconds before he ran into the blood. It splashed a vivid red kaleidoscope of color over three of the bushes nearest him and then trailed along the ground, moving away from the riverbank and into the densest part of the oak grove. 
Zinovy followed the river of blood. It was so fresh he could smell it, and when he reached out to touch it—liquid streams dripping from a flower head along the way—it was still warm. He swallowed hard. Then he reached a break in the line of trees and burst into a meadow—breathless, heart pounding, dreading what he knew he would find. 
Eric, Archie and Alex lay sprawled before him, their bodies strewn over the clearing as if scattered by a careless giant’s hand. Their throats were slit from ear to ear. They wallowed in their own blood. 
Zinovy closed his eyes. The world spun before him. And the blood—the blood engulfed him—a deep, crimson wave of shock and sorrow, sweeping him away. 
He opened his eyes and looked down. There at his feet lay a butcher knife. Blood was already drying on the blade. The handle, brown-stained and notched, was a familiar one. This knife had been at his feet before. This was the knife Eric had wrested from the hand of the vandal—the vandal who had once stood over Zinovy’s helpless back, ready to strike. 
Gradually, the horrible reality penetrated his battered senses. Alex, Archie and Eric were dead. The crimson wave of shock faded. A dark, scarlet river of remorse and rage took its place. The river rose up in Zinovy’s belly, swelled into his soul and spilled out of his mouth in one long animal scream of anger and pain.
Vengeance—the rage demanded vengeance. Zinovy stiffened and turned on his heel. He left the clearing on the run, retracing his steps back to the riverbank along the blood-littered trail. 
Then he stopped. They wouldn’t have stayed on the riverbank. They would have gone north instead. North to the Regulus compound. North to the stone. North to the place of sacrifice. 
Zinovy turned and raced back to the murder scene, still seeing red, but beginning to think more clearly. When he reached the spot where the three bodies lay, the clarity vanished. He found himself staring at Archie’s body, lying where he had found it, still shrouded in his own blood, and two empty spaces on the ground where Eric and Alex had been.




CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Caleb was not afraid.
It was true many bad men were around him. He knew they were bad. They didn’t look bad on the outside. Most of them were dressed in white robes like the bright ones. Their clothes were not bright. Just white. But they were dark on the inside. 
The men danced in front of him, waving their curved swords in the air and yelling very loud. They were full of fear. He could see it in their eyes. Caleb could always see the inside of people through their eyes.
The white one—the man with the white skin—there were bad things in him, too. Caleb had felt his badness before, from the first time he had seen him come to the camp. He talked nice, and he smiled a lot, but the smile was not in his eyes. Caleb knew that smiles had to be in people’s eyes or they didn’t count. Now the man stood beside him. He was so close that when he moved around he nearly stepped on Aslan’s tail.
The big one—the one who had picked him up on his horse—Caleb wasn’t sure about this one. The horse had been fun to sit on. Caleb liked horses. He looked away to the side of the camp. There were a lot of horses there, lined up, standing still, or stomping their feet and nodding their heads up and down like they were saying “yes” to something. 
Ow! The big man who had put him on his horse took hold of Caleb’s arm. His hand squeezed so tight it hurt. And the bad white man—he was yelling at the crowd of dark men in front of them. 
It could have been very scary. 
But Caleb was not afraid because he had never seen so many bright ones in one place before. Two big ones were standing right behind the man with the curved sword who was holding his arm. Two more big ones were behind the other bad man. And everywhere Caleb looked in the crowd he could see bright ones. A line of them stood in a big circle all around the camp, and lots of others stood around in the middle of the men. Caleb was not afraid because he knew the bright ones would protect him.
He was, however, worried about Aslan. His pet was not playing. He sat beside him instead, his back straight and quiet, his tail curled solemnly around his feet and—even more worrisome—his things were down. 
Looking at the sad little muzzle, Caleb remembered another lion—the one in his birthday book. When was it? Oh yes, at the end of the book, just before they tied that other Aslan and dragged him to the stone table so the witch could stab him with the knife. That Aslan had told the children he was sad and lonely, and they had put their hands into his thick mane to comfort him. 
Caleb reached down with his free hand and touched the silky mane of his little friend. The cub looked up at him. His eyes were soft and wet. Then he twitched his tail and looked back at the men who kept on jumping and shouting in front of them.
The big man let go of Caleb’s arm and started waving his sword in the air with both of his hands. 
Then things happened very fast. Something hit the big bad man and he fell over. Next, two arms came from behind Caleb and grabbed him round the waist. Before he could even yell or look around or anything, someone threw him over his shoulder and ran away with him. 
Caleb opened his eyes and looked back at the bright ones. One of them—the one who had been standing next to him—looked over at them and then turned back to the camp full of angry men, as if he didn’t care what was happening to Caleb. 
Caleb tried to call out, but his tummy was squished against the man’s hard shoulder so he could hardly breathe. He looked down at the ground bouncing away under him and saw two feet. The shoes looked familiar, but he couldn’t remember where he had seen them. Then he felt like he was going to be sick. 
The man who had stolen him stopped running. He was panting. Caleb felt the man’s hands grabbing his legs, saw his two feet stepping up onto a tall mound of moss. Then the next thing he knew Caleb had been thrown across the back of a very tall horse and the man who had stolen him came panting and puffing up onto the horse’s back behind him. Then they were galloping away as fast as the horse could go. 
* * *
The crew were in shock. What was left of the crew, that is. Zinovy surveyed the misery around him. Four boys sat on the ground, shoulders slumped, heads bowed. This was his army. 
Mark stood with his arm around Michelle who wept quietly into his shoulder. They were tears of resignation. Hope was gone. The last shreds had been washed away seconds ago by the horror on Zinovy’s face as he told them the news.
Grace and Sara stood across from him, their arms around each other. Grace’s eyes were closed. Tears seeped through her lashes. 
Sara looked at Zinovy. He read questions in her eyes. He looked back, his face blank. There were no answers, his eyes said. There never had been. Only questions. But even as he said it an answer was forming in his mind. 
He must move fast. 
“Mark, come here.”
Mark pulled away from Michelle and joined him. Zinovy spoke quietly. “I am away. You’re in charge. Hide the women in the bushes and establish a guard. The boys must stand and watch, their backs to the center, and you must be everywhere else. The enemy may be close. They snatched two dead bodies from under my eyes. I don’t know how they did it.”
“Couldn’t you follow the trail of blood?”
“There was no trail. It was as if the bodies had vanished into the air.”
Mark studied the ground, his brows drawn. “They must have wrapped them in something. But why would they take Eric and Alex and leave Archie?”
“I have no answers. But I know what I must do. It should have been done long ago.”
Mark stared at him. Zinovy took his arm and shook it.
“You must do your best to protect, and head for the city when you can. It is your only hope now.”
Mark’s brow cleared and he nodded. “I understand.”
Then Zinovy was off, tearing through the brush toward the Regulus camp. His mind raced ahead of his feet. Time. Such a strange thing. Minutes ago Archie and Eric and Alex had lived. Twenty—thirty—forty years a man could live and breathe. Then in an instant life was gone. 
A vision of Caleb in the hands of the butchers flashed before him and he ran faster. 
“Time has run out for you, Adam,” he said through gritted teeth. “It has run out for both of us.” The adrenaline surged through his limbs. He pictured his hands around Adam’s handsome neck, felt the flesh give under his fingers, heard the bones snap. 
In minutes he was halfway there. But life could end for Caleb in seconds. Anguish drove him faster still. In another few minutes he’d passed through the mango forest and sprinted across the plain, racing toward the band of warriors he could see in the distance, lined up against the horizon, facing him. Facing Haidar. 
Facing Caleb, held fast in Haidar’s grip, like a hare in the hand of a hunter, helpless against the force of the mob’s evil passion. 
He covered the last few yards on his belly, thrashing through the tall grass, heedless of the noise, because the roar of the frenzied warriors, eager for bloodshed, drowned out every other sound. 
He stopped, inches from the scene, parted the blades of grass in front of him and looked up. 
Caleb stood before the massive audience of Bedouin soldiers, his back straight as an arrow, the lion cub at his feet. Haidar was beside him, his left hand on the back of Caleb’s shirt, hoisting him up, displaying the sacrifice to the crowd, his scimitar raised above the boys head, heightening the suspense, preparing to haul Caleb off to the ceremonial altar. 
So it would have to be Haidar. Not Adam. 
No time to think. He lunged, hitting the back of the Arab’s knees, knocking him off his feet. Haidar twisted as he went down and Zinovy climbed up his chest, reaching for the throat. As his fingers closed around the leathery skin, Zinovy caught a glimpse of the scimitar being raised—of the hilt coming down. 
Then darkness.
* * *
Zinovy staggered to his feet and shook his head, reeling from the pain and falling to his knees again as the nausea took him. He swallowed several times and opened his eyes, trying to make the shimmering image in front of him stand still. Finally his head cleared and he looked out over the meadow before him. 
It was empty. 
The grass in the center of the compound was trampled, where the Bedouins had stood with their swords and their horses, roaring their excitement over the ceremony that was to give them the heart of El Kalb, the little lion king. But no other sign of life remained. No sign that humans had ever been there. Zinovy surveyed the campground. The hole where the prisoners had lived was empty, with no sign of struggle—not even shreds of the ropes with which the hostages had been tied. The trees that had tethered the horses were there, but the horses were gone.
Zinovy gazed into the distance. The plain stretched quietly before him in every direction. To his left, a herd of giraffes lifted leaves from the tops of eucalyptus trees and chewed them slowly, watching with mild interest as a pride of leopards pulled up tufts of grass at their feet. 
There, beyond the giraffes, were the horses. Hundreds of them grazed contentedly, moving slowly from place to place, tails twitching. He recognized a couple of the nearest ones—a dark stallion and a smaller light brown mare who had been tethered near Adam’s horse. But the plain, as far as his eye could see, was barren of human life. 
The plain was also barren of any sign of human death. The realization relieved him for an instant. Then he remembered the stone. It stood twenty yards to his right, high, dark and barren. 
Instantly Zinovy’s pulse quickened. He loped over and pulled himself up to the rock’s flat top, shrinking from what he might find there. 
He found . . . nothing. The surface was smooth and black—unstained, unmarred. Zinovy breathed again. But the instant’s reprieve only heightened his confusion. Less than an hour ago savages had come from this place to the Gaia camp. They had snatched Caleb, killed three of Zinvoy’s colleagues, and carried away two of their bodies. Now they were gone with no sign that they’d ever been. “Impossible.” His lips spoke the archaic word into the rainbow air.
A familiar flash of red caught his eye. He trotted back to the center of the compound, reached down and picked up a Bedouin headdress. The signal cloth. They had been here. But now . . . 
The agony of helplessness swept over him again. His hands, still hungry for violent action, hung limp at his sides. He’d been robbed of his prey. How? The last thing he remembered, just before the blackness, was Haidar coming down. Now Haidar was gone, and Zinovy’s hands were empty, useless. 
He had no idea where to turn. The enemy had to be nearby. Their horses were scattered. They would be on foot. 
Then it struck him.
He whirled and sped across the meadow, his head pounding a constant tatoo down the back of his neck, through his arms and out the tips of his fingers. They tingled with the shock of their loss. 
He was soon panting hard, but he couldn’t slow down. He scrambled over the terrain, calculating the distance the enemy must have covered while he’d lain in the grass, unconscious. 
In minutes he was back at the Gaia compound. He burst in upon the crew, gasping for air, his lungs on fire. 
Yes. They were still there. He breathed a prayer of thanks. 
Sara was out of hiding. She whirled as he came into the camp and a wave of something that might have been relief washed over her face. She reached out for him, her eyes moving to the trickle of moisture sliding down his cheek. He caught her by the arms.
Mark looked up. Grace and Michelle crawled out from the cover of a large shrub. The boys left their posts, trotted over and began talking all at once.
Breathing heavily, Zinovy silenced them with a gesture. “The Regulus camp is gone,” he said between gasps. 
His announcement roused another round of babbling from the boys. He silenced them again. “The Bedouins are gone. The Regulus people are gone. The hostages are gone.”
At this Michelle cried out and reached for Mark. Grace released her and looked at Zinovy. The pallor on her face reminded him of her sickness at the beginning of their journey. They were back where they’d begun, only there were fewer of them now.
He opened his mouth to speak again, but the words didn’t reach his lips. They were interrupted by the commotion of running feet. The shrubbery beside him began to vibrate. Then it erupted and three panting bodies burst out of the greenery into their midst. 
Ruben was the first to react. With a yelp of joy he rushed forward and threw his arms around his brother. Simon grinned at Zinovy over Ruben’s shoulder as the two children galloped past them and fell into their mother’s arms.
* * *.
Confusion reigned for the next few minutes. The boys frolicked around Simon. The children tumbled from one parent to the other. Eleven voices split the sparkling air around them with exclamations and questions. Zinovy’s head spun. Where—? How—?
Just as Zinovy had decided things could not become more unexplainable, a large Arabian stallion trotted onto the scene, bobbed its head in recognition and strolled over to place a wet nose under Zinovy’s arm. On the horse’s back was a small boy, leaning forward, his hands tangled in the shaggy mane. The boy was laughing. It was a laugh Zinovy had thought he would never hear again. He reached up, pulled Caleb from the horse’s back and buried his swimming eyes in the boy’s neck. 
It was Charles who finally brought some order to their confusion. Zinovy tore his face from Caleb’s neck to see the pudgy man come trudging through the shrubs, kicking an entangling branch out of his way, breathing heavily and mumbling under his breath.
“Damn greenery. Always in the way.” He looked up and saw them, put his hands on his hips, and continued. “Damn horse. There you are. I’ve half a mind to beat you, you ornery bag of glue factory fodder.”
Sara laughed. Zinovy’s heart soared. Another sound he thought he’d never hear. 
“What happened, Charles?” Sara asked. “Where were you? Where’d you find Caleb?”
“Hold on,” he grumped at her. “I’ve been traipsing around for a quarter of an hour after that stupid animal. I have no breath left to answer questions.” He sat down under a tree and swiped his sleeve across his face. And so it was Caleb who told them the story. 
“I was kidnapped, did you know? The bad men took me away to the place where all the soldiers were. I wasn’t afraid because there were bright ones there. But then that man—” here he paused and pointed to Charles—“he stole me back from the bad men. He brought me here on the horse.” He ducked his head and thought a minute. “Actually, the horse brought me here. The horse kicked him off and wouldn’t let him back on.”
Charles interrupted at this point. “That stupid animal—he grazed the whole way. Every time I’d almost catch up to him he’d trot away to another clump of grass. Made me chase him all the way home.” Charles grabbed first one knee, then the other, and pulled his shoes off.
“It’s too early for the shoes to come off, Charles. What do you know of the Regulus crew? Where did they go?”
Charles looked up. “Go? They didn’t go anywhere. We left them standing around shouting. It was all I could do to get away without them seeing us. There was some distraction at the end. Otherwise we probably wouldn’t have made it.”
Zinovy frowned. He opened his mouth, ready with more questions, but another arrival interrupted him. 
Elan was there. He stood on the edge of the compound smiling. He held a small lion cub in his arms.
“You forgot something, Charles. I found this little guy galloping after your horse. His legs aren’t long enough to keep up with a horse, you know.”
* * *
Zinovy was tired of funerals. 
He was in charge of this one. At least this time he had a religious book. He grimaced as he flipped through the pages of Eric’s precious souvenir, grieving for his friend. His eyes passed over the words without seeing them until he came to a page near the back that arrested his attention. 
The Lord was speaking: “Listen carefully:” he said. “Unless a grain of wheat is buried in the ground, dead to the world, it is never any more than a grain of wheat. But if it is buried, it sprouts and reproduces itself many times over. In the same way, anyone who holds on to life just as it is destroys that life. But if you let it go, reckless in your love, you’ll have it forever, real and eternal.”
Eric would have liked that statement. Well, Eric had let go of his life, whether he meant to or not, but he wouldn’t be buried. They didn’t have the body. 
This part of the book would not do. None of it made sense. Zinovy flipped back through the pages and sighed. Eric had had a favorite passage. He’d quoted it so often Zinovy almost had it memorized. He would use that one. 
“Okay, everyone. We’ll do the funeral now.”
They stood around the single grave the boys had dug early that morning. In it were the remains of the single body they’d recovered from the murder scene, already turning to dust.
“I’m not good at this sort of thing. You’ll have to bear with me. Archie was better, but he’s not here. We’ll simply pay the last respects to Archie—Archibald Berry, commander of this crew until yesterday.” 
Zinovy paused. Only yesterday? The suddenness of the end overwhelmed him.
Then he went on. “He led us well and did it to the death.” Zinovy looked around the group. Tears glistened in the eyes of some of the mourners. 
“Perhaps we can each throw some sod into the grave now,” he said after a moment. 
One by one the crew members picked up clumps of the vegetation piled nearby and tossed them into the grave. Zinovy went last. 
“And to Alex Roberts, member of the underground crew at Canaveral. A faithful member, as well, of this crew, who gave his life in our defense.” Again Zinovy paused. He did not give his life. It was taken. As his mind spoke this truth, anger welled up in his belly.
“And to Eric Glaston—faithful crew member and faithful friend—who also gave his life in our defense.” 
You did this more than once, my friend. You already did it two times for me. 
Tears filled his own eyes as he continued: “We pay our respects and wish for you rest and peace, wherever you are.”
He looked up and said, “I will end with this quote from Eric’s red book. It was a favorite saying of his which he spoke to us often.”
Zinovy then bowed his head and read: “This is how much God loved the world: He gave his Son, his one and only Son. And this is why: so that no one need be destroyed.” 
Zinovy paused once more, remembering the destruction he had seen at the scene of the murder. He forced himself to go on: “By believing in him, anyone can have a whole and lasting life. God didn’t go to all the trouble of sending his Son merely to point an accusing finger, telling the world how bad it was. He came to help, to put the world right again. Anyone who trusts in him is acquitted; anyone who refuses to trust him has long since been under the death sentence without knowing it. And why? Because of that person’s failure to believe in the one-of-a-kind Son of God when introduced to him.”
There was too much talk of death in this part. He stopped and looked up. “We have no graves for the others, but we can remember them all three with a moment of silence.” The group bowed their heads. Zinovy listened to the silence. It was full of life. The lark, the wren, the crow, the jay. How could all things go on as if nothing had happened? The world should be silent as well.
Finally he straightened and took a deep breath. “That’s all. We must go on now.”
Simon and Ruben made short work of filling the grave. Zinovy watched them for a while, the shovels going back and forth from the diminishing pile of vegetation by his side to the hole in which they had laid Archie’s body. Then he turned and walked away.
* * *
Zinovy lay on his back in the soft moss trying to sleep, but sleep wouldn’t come. It was not fear that kept him awake. “You no longer need to fear Regulus,” Elan had told them. “The movement is no more.”
“Does that mean no more guard duty?” Ruben had asked. 
“Guard duty isn’t necessary.”
“No more scouting party?” 
“There is no longer a need,” Elan had repeated.
But the release from fear, the exhaustion of the day’s activity, and even his lack of sleep over the past week were not enough to lure Zinovy into slumber. He hadn’t had time to think in days. Too much had happened too fast. He gazed into the soft glittering air of midnight, still trying to put the puzzle together. 
Some of the pieces had fallen into place when they’d talked that evening after it had happened. The hostages had escaped on their own. Earlier in the day the vines that bound them had deteriorated and fallen off. Their guards had forgotten them in the excitement of Caleb’s arrival and in the din of the celebrations in the Regulus camp the three had crawled out of the hole and snuck away. 
“We weren’t sure where you were,” Simon said. “We used the compass and headed in the general direction of the river. When we got there we followed it upstream until we found you.” They hadn’t been far off course. 
The question of Conrad was still a mystery. How had his treason come about? There had been no clue. Or had there? He'd seemed a regular member of the crew, had joked and laughed with the others, played with Caleb. He hadn't spent any more time with Adam than the rest of the boys. But he had been absent at times. That should have raised suspicion.
Zinovy groaned when he remembered how carefully he’d instructed the boys in the use of the vine for strangulation. Conrad had been his best pupil. He blanched at the memory of Sara’s scream and the sight of her limp body with the vine twisted around her slim neck. Zinovy had asked Elan about that. “How could she have survived the strangling?”
Elan had smiled. “It’s very hard to die from lack of oxygen in this atmosphere. Oxygen permeates everything. Her air supply was cut off, but her skin was breathing. It happens. It’s not a miracle.” 
 So she had been spared, in spite of Zinovy. And Archie, Eric and Alex had died because of him. 
Why? His most important questions—those that cried out from his deepest anguish—remained a mystery. Why had the bright ones—apparently there were thousands of them—why had they rescued Caleb, but let the others die?
He’d asked Elan about that as well. “Where were the bright ones when Archie and Eric and Alex were killed? Was it only chance they weren’t in the right place?”
“Nothing happens by chance, Zinovy. Nothing ever has. Everything is a precisely planned interplay between human decision and the Creator’s sovereignty.”
“That’s bizarre. I can’t believe that.”
Elan shrugged. “It’s your choice.” He watched Zinovy’s face for a minute. Then he said, more gently, “One day you’ll understand. In the mean time you just have to trust.” And he was gone.
Silently Zinovy had answered: It’s fine for you to trust. You’re above it all. Nothing touches you. 
Trust would not ease the pain. Trust would not bring his friends back. Trust would not remove the guilt he felt for the tragedy of their loss. 
That religious crap is going to be the death of us, Archie had said. And he was right. ‘That religious crap’ was what had stopped Zinovy’s hand as he stood before Adam Hamilton in the path to Sara’s sleeping place on that fateful day when he wanted, so badly, to break the man’s neck. 
Because of ‘that religious crap’ Zinovy had let Adam live long enough to kill Eric—to kill him with the very knife . . . . 
And so his thoughts went round and round. 
His grief kept Zinovy awake long into the morning hours. It continued to haunt him, dogging his steps as he moved toward the mountain over the next four days, taunting him whenever he stopped to rest. You could have saved them, it said, over and over.
But he hadn’t saved them. And all the while, living quietly within him, was the one who had stayed his hand. The one who had convinced him to trust instead. The one who would have been living in Eric too. The one who would have watched Zinovy’s comrades die. 
Zinovy pushed the presence away, and steadily, underneath the pain of the grief and the guilt, a wild anger began to grow. 
* * *
Rolling thunder split the sky into a million pieces. Sara shivered. She wasn’t afraid. She was in awe. The power of the lightning and thunder amazed her. 
They’d traveled for four days. It had taken them three days to reach the base of the mountain, and the fourth day they began their ascent.
“The river will disappear, but you’ll have no problem finding your way once you reach the top of the mountain,” Elan had told them.
The climb had been steep. Zinovy had pushed them hard and Sara was tired by the time they’d reached the place, halfway to the top, where the two ridges met. They’d stopped there, not because they were tired, but because reverberations from the thunder were so powerful they’d had to cling to vines along the steep trail to keep from being catapulted over the edge. 
Now Sara, Zinovy and Caleb stood, sheltered in a cleft of the rock, watching in wonder. 
“Is that God talking?” Caleb clutched her hand so tightly it hurt.
“Yes, I think it is,” she said. She gazed at the scene, blinking involuntarily with every flash of lightning. She didn’t want to blink. She wanted to experience the brightness. Apart from the lightning it was dark on this mountain. As they’d climbed, the colorful tints had faded. Now the air was overcast with a silver-gray fog that reminded Sara of days on the old earth when the glower of afternoon thundershowers lay heavy on the landscape. But there was no water in this storm. 
Caleb spoke again. “If it’s God talking, then why are we hiding in here? Why are we afraid? Why don’t we go out and listen? Why don’t we go out and talk to him?”
Zinovy had been ruminating darkly in the shadows. “You make a good point, Caleb. Why don’t we do that?” He stepped forward as Sara looked on warily. She had not been able to predict his actions lately. 
Turning to the boy he said, “You stay here, Caleb, with Sara. I’m going out to talk to God.”
Then he was gone into the darkness.
“Why do I have to stay here, Sara? If it’s God we don’t need to be afraid. I want to go with Zinovy.” He’d been clinging to Zinovy more than ever since the kidnapping episode.
“No, Caleb,” she said, holding him back. “It’s best you stay.” She tried to explain. “We’re not afraid, but sometimes when God talks we need to be in a protected place where it’s safe. Sometimes he has to talk very loud and it hurts.” 
“But I didn’t know God could hurt. Doesn’t he love everyone? Why would it hurt to hear God talk?” 
Sara was bemused. “That’s a hard question, Caleb. God does love everyone and he doesn’t want anyone to be hurt.” She paused. Then she knelt and looked into the boy’s eyes. “Caleb do you remember in your birthday book when Susan was about to meet Aslan? She was afraid because he was a lion and she asked Mrs. Beaver if he was ‘safe’?” 
Caleb thought a minute, then he nodded. 
“Do you remember what Mr. Beaver told Susan?”
Again the boy nodded. “He said Aslan wasn’t safe, but he was good.”
“That’s right. Well, God is like that. God is good, but he is not safe.”
The boy stood for some time, brows drawn, lips puckered. When he finally spoke, Sara’s heart trembled. “Is that why some kids have to lose their mommy and daddy?” he asked.
She hesitated, struggling for an answer. When it didn’t come, he probed further. “They are dead, aren’t they, Sara?”
She groaned inwardly. Then she nodded. He looked at her for a moment, as if waiting for something more. Then he turned away and sighed. 
She couldn’t leave his questions there. “Caleb,” she said gently, turning his wilting body to face her. “God is safe for people who put their trust in him. Your mommy and daddy trusted in him and they are safe. God is not safe for people who are evil. If evil were safe from God, he would not be good. God has to hurt the bad things.” She watched the boy’s white face as he digested the idea. 
“But they aren’t safe. They’re dead.” 
His logic was killing her. She hugged him close, feeling the rhythm of the little heart beating next to hers. “Even when you die you are safe with God,” she went on. “He takes care of you through the dying.” She looked up at the sparkling walls around them. “It’s like this rock, see? When God hurts the bad things he always makes a place for us to be safe in. We can hide in the safe place until the hurting talk is over.” 
He didn’t respond. Finally she sighed. “I know it’s hard to understand, but it’s just something we have to trust him about.”
At some point the thunder had stopped, but occasional flashes of lightning still shattered the darkness. They sat at the entrance to the cave, looking out at the storm. Caleb’s mind had returned to the present.
“But what about Zinovy?” he asked. “Will he be hurt by God’s talk?”
“Don’t you worry about Zinovy,” Sara reassured him. “God only hurts the bad things. Zinovy will be okay.” 
All the same she wondered. Something worrisome was going on with him. He was angry in a way she had never seen before, and there was nothing she could do to ease his pain. Instead, she silently prayed.




CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
Zinovy stepped out into the storm. 
He belonged here. The raging in his spirit matched the raging of the storm, blast for blast. He stood for a moment, hands clenched, shoulders back, his face lifted to the threatening sky. Lightning flashed. He watched, eyes wide open, defying his body’s command to close them. His pupils burned with the brightness, but he refused to give in to the pain, challenging heaven’s demand that he bow to the power. He had bowed enough. He would bow no more.
Before him lay a valley bounded by a rim of jagged rock outcroppings. It looked to be about a hundred feet deep and several hundred yards across. Masses of shrubs covered in royal purple blossoms carpeted the floor of the valley. The color, muted by the darkness in the air around him, rose and fell in undulating waves that flowed up the other side of the bowl, running across the face of the mountain to the east and west as well. But the incline at his feet was sharp and harsh.
The valley beckoned to him. He moved along the rim of the precipice, searching for a break in the solid rock, finding none. Eventually he stopped at a place where the ridge was not as high. He eased his body over the edge and began to work his way down the steep slope, hand over hand. 
The stone was cold and slick. He struggled for footholds in the uneven rock outcropping, but the farther he went the fewer he could find. Ten feet down from the top he extended his right leg as far as he could reach and found nothing. Then the next blast of thunder hit him. 
The reverberations were so strong they plastered his body against the side of the mountain. When they stopped he was left hanging by his fingernails on the rock wall. His hands began to sweat. 
His grip had nearly gone when his left foot settled on a sliver of stone beneath him and another blast of thunder gave him a moment’s reprieve. He found a handhold a few inches farther down before the blast relented and he was lifted by the calm once more. His heart pounded against the rock wall, in league with the storm to push him away from his only security. 
Far below, the valley floor waited to receive his body. He gritted his teeth and hung on. Angry determination was his only ally. He would not let the mountain beat him. 
He began to move inch by inch down the cliff, leaving patches of his clothing on rough shards of exposed rock as he went. The jagged stone slivers under his hands glistened, red and slippery, as he fumbled from one handhold to the next, and his muscles quivered, screaming for release from the tension that held him against the sheer wall. But he couldn’t let go. He wouldn’t let go. On he went, for what seemed like hours, until finally he caught a glimpse of royal purple an arm’s length below.
One more blast of thunder held him, clinging to nothing, then he was down. He dropped to his knees in a mound of purple blooms and stayed there for long minutes, gasping for breath. When his heartbeat quieted to a steady roar, he stood and looked back at the rock face he’d descended. With that final blast the storm had subsided. The air around him was quiet, as if awaiting his approach. 
He stepped forward and the thunder exploded again, its roar echoing more powerfully than before as the noise reverberated off the sheer sides of the walls around him. He lifted his face to the sound. He needed to talk. 
First came the remorse: “Eric, forgive me,” he cried out to the empty sky. “I had a chance to kill your murderer and I didn’t do it. He stood before me with evil in his eyes and I let him turn and go.” The irony of it thrust into Zinovy’s heart like the dagger Eric had once thrown at his feet. 
Then came the anger. “Why?” he wailed to the mountain. “Why didn’t I kill him when I had the chance?” 
The answer came quietly from somewhere deep inside him, somewhere underneath the dagger point in his heart: Because I told you not to and you chose to obey.
At that the anger became a burning white ball of fire that moved up into his throat and erupted into the blistering air. Once more he shouted out the ancient question—the question resounding down through the ages of history—the question that had always been met by a deep, cosmic silence: 
“Why?” 
Silence once again met his scream of protest. 
“Where were you?”
Silence.
“Eric was a good man. He did not deserve to die. Yet you let it happen.” 
The words, cast futilely against the stone of the mountainside, echoed back to him. 
Zinovy was on his knees now, sitting on his heels. He gazed through bleary eyes at the purple beauty around him and thought of Eric. Archie had died in the line of duty. His sacrifice was called for. But Eric’s death was tragic. He was young. His life had been before him. His death was a sacrifice that shouldn’t have been made. 
The silence was deafening. 
Zinovy knew Someone was out there. Someone had heard his call. Someone was ignoring him. He waited for an answer until he could stand it no longer. Then he voiced the ultimate question. He bellowed it across the valley: 
“How can you call yourself good? Who do you think you are, anyway?” 
The only answer was the echo of his words. They boomeranged, resounding between the walls of the mountain and the walls of his spirit until they became a mere whisper deep in his soul. 
The last reverberation resonated more quietly still, and he recognized it was not his question anymore. He listened to the words he’d thrown so recklessly to the mountain—listened to the new shape they’d taken. 
Who do you think you are, Zinovy? 
Then the heavens were silent once again.
Zinovy lay where he had fallen, on his face before the mountain. The question worked its way into his heart, breaking down the fortress he’d begun to build around himself once again. He lay exposed, no covering from the brightness that slowly grew around him, and as he lay there he remembered who he was.
He was a man, only a man. A selfish man. A man who had used women and killed men; who had built a world for himself that had kept everyone out; who had made that small world his kingdom, as if he were a king, the rightful ruler of his own destiny. He was a man who had made himself God.
And who was the Other—the ‘Someone’ on the mountain? He was the Creator of everything. He was Zinovy’s Creator. He was Eric’s Creator. He was the innocent Lamb—the man with the scars—who came, and loved, and bled to redeem selfish people—to build a new world for them full of light and beauty. He was the rightful ruler of it all. He was God, who had made himself a man, and was both.
Hours later Zinovy left that place. He could see clearly now in the light of the storm’s passing. Beside him, to the right of the rock wall he’d descended, was a crack in the sheer cliff face. The crack broadened out a few feet from the bottom and veered off further to the right into a gentle incline that led back up to the top of the precipice. 
Zinovy began his ascent. Nothing around him had changed. Eric was still gone and so were Archie and Alex. But Zinovy had changed. His questions had been silenced by the Creator’s question. At a deeper level than ever before, Zinovy was at peace. He knew who he was. He was just a man who was walking with God, and that was enough.
At the top he found Sara and Caleb asleep in the cave. He stood for a moment, watching their deep, measured breathing, then he went outside, propped himself against the reassuring presence of the mountain and fell asleep himself. 
* * *
Zinovy woke to the sound of birds singing. Clouds still shrouded the mountaintop, but the air around them had cleared. Brightness filtered through the leaves of the trees on the slope above him. He looked up and said good morning to the day. Then he went to wake the others. 
The crew had bedded down in scattered places along the trail the night before. Now they gathered. Mark rubbed his hand through his tousled hair. “We travel on?” 
Zinovy nodded. “This is no place to rest. We’ll try for the top today.” He looked up at the cloud-rimmed plateau above them. “I figure we’re halfway. It took about eight hours yesterday, right? Another eight hours today should do it.”
“I hope it doesn’t take longer. Michelle is tired. The climb yesterday was steep.”
“I think the worst of the climb is over. Today we’ll go down into that valley below.” He pointed to the place he’d gone the night before. “Across is a break in the vegetation. I think there will be a trail up the side there.”
Mark followed his gaze and nodded. 
“Will you tell the others to gather?” Zinovy said. “The sooner we start, the sooner we’ll get there.”
And so they continued their journey. Zinovy led them to the slit in the rocks he’d climbed the night before, eased himself down over the ridge, found a footing on the steep slope, then reached up to help the others down the side. They worked their way down the crevice, then walked single file across the broad valley bottom and up through the break in the vegetation until they reached the end of the lush purple foliage. Here they stopped for lunch. 
“There’s no water, Zinovy,” Sara said.
“I know. Elan said we would do well without. You’re eating fruit, aren’t you? Make sure Caleb has something with juice.”
Dusk had begun to soften the edges of the ridges when they finally came to the top of the mountain. Zinovy stopped just before the crest and looked back over the trail.
“We’re here,” he announced. Then he climbed the last six feet and stepped out onto the edge of heaven.
It wasn’t heaven. It was still the earth. But here on the plateau, glory danced, spilling over everything. Zinovy stood with the others, silent, amazed at the spectacle. 
As always, the scents accosted him. Sweet and heady, warm in his nostrils, in his throat, in his brain. Indescribable. He breathed them in deeply without volition and their subtle influence sent shivers through his body. In that instant, Zinovy’s past, the present and the future seemed to blend, all his experiences gathered up in an overwhelming expectation of joy. He stood on tiptoe and breathed and stared. 
The iridescence glistened more brightly than ever in the mountain air, shimmering around them in brilliant hues that dimmed their memory of the beauty in the land they’d left below. 
A blanket of green foliage unfolded before them. The flowing landscape was interrupted now and then, east to west and north to south, by large clusters of taller vegetation—green, billowing clouds of what looked like trees from a distance. And over it all, vast swatches of color—unimaginable shades of reds and blues and yellows—flowed over and around each other, adorning the landscape in a seamless harmony that stretched all the way to the edge of the horizon. The vision before them sang with joy. 
The joy-song was joined by the sounds of the birds, delirious with happiness, and by the sound of something else Zinovy couldn’t quite identify. Music, coming from a distance. Almost like a choir of voices. Human perhaps. Or not? The melody was wordless yet somehow full of meaning—a contented trill that permeated the colors and the scents and added a pleasure to the atmosphere that was almost erotic.
Eventually Zinovy regained some composure. The radiance settled into a rhythmic ebb and flow of gentle contentment. He looked around at the others, took a deep breath, and spoke. “We must go further today, I think. We’ll go forward toward that first oasis of greenery to the east. Maybe there’s water there.”
There was water. Not the river, but a wide, glistening pool whose surface quivered under the splash of an artesian fountain that bubbled up near the northern edge of the pond. It was an oasis, if such a term could be used to describe a thicket of lushness within a landscape that was already lush beyond imagining. Zinovy looked around at the variety of vegetation—trees and flowers and fruits they hadn’t yet encountered—and said, “We’ll rest here tonight.”
They stayed for two nights, cradled in the luxury of their surroundings. Even Zinovy found himself loathe to leave, though he knew they had to. Their destination called to them. He must finish the job Archie had begun. 
* * *
Breakfast was finished. Zinovy sat in a cluster of greenery beside the pool watching Sara and the children splash in the fountain. Grace called to them from the edge of the pool. “Why don’t you collect some of those smooth gemstones at the bottom? We can make a cairn here beside this bush—stack them up and build a monument in memory of our journey.”
Zinovy wondered if it was wise to disturb the environment to that extent. He was about to veto Grace’s suggestion when Mark walked up with an announcement that pushed Zinovy’s concerns about the cairn out of his mind. 
“Zinovy, Michelle and I want to stay here with the children. We don’t want to go on to the city.”
Zinovy frowned. “But Elan said the city should be our destination. It has been our goal all along. Why would you not continue?”
Mark sighed. “It’s Michelle. She’s tired. The strain of the kidnapping nearly killed her. Her emotions are shot. And she’s physically low too. The hike up the mountain was the last straw. She needs time to recoup.”
“But I’m wondering about the others. We are only a few now. The smaller our crew, the weaker we are. I had hoped—I had expected that we’d stay together the whole way.” Zinovy paused. Mark said nothing. It was apparent he would not be easily moved from his decision. 
“Would you go on to the city eventually?”
Mark shrugged. “I don’t know. We don’t really have plans yet. It’s hard to plan in this environment.”
“It’s true. But plans are still in order. One cannot simply quit moving.”
Even as he said it Zinovy wondered if the statement were true. He wracked his brain for a reason to keep going. They were in paradise. How could it get any better? 
His heart finally gave him the answer: “Elan tells us the city is the home of the Creator. Don’t you want to go there for that reason?”
“Maybe some day.” Mark looked off into the distance. “I’m not that driven to go. It’s so beautiful here. I’m willing to wait for a while—let Michelle rest.”
Zinovy debated. Technically, Mark’s announcement should have been a request, but it was not worded that way. Did he have the right, or the authority, to say Mark couldn’t stay? Did he have the power to enforce that command if he gave it?
Finally Zinovy shrugged. “The choice is yours, I guess. I’m not sure what that means for the rest of us. We’ll have to meet. Maybe others will want to stay longer as well. I don’t think it’s good, but we’ll talk about it.” 
We’ll talk about it. How much he was sounding like Archie. 
Mark and Michelle brought the children and settled in some soft shrubbery to his right. Charles leaned against a nearby palm tree, chewing on a piece of coconut. The boys squatted on their haunches here and there among the flowers. They rarely sat any more. Zinovy had a sense they were poised to take off if the discussion proved to be less interesting than the surroundings they’d been exploring constantly since their arrival. 
Grace sat with her arms folded, looking up at him. She had long since forgotten the logbook. He wasn’t sure if they even still had it. He must check the kit and see what they had left of their supplies.
“We need to plan for the rest of the journey,” Zinovy began. “Grace, how much farther did Elan say it was to the city?”
“I’m not sure exactly. It’s written in the logbook, I think. Do you want me to go get it?”
“Yes. We do still have the book then? That’s good.”
Grace went to get the book. While she was gone Zinovy continued: “Mark has told me that he and Michelle don’t want to continue with the journey at this time. I want to know how the rest of you feel about that decision.”
Zinovy had chosen the negative wording deliberately. Maybe the others would protest and give support to his position that the Muellers continue on with the group.
When no one responded he went on. “I’ve said to Mark that I feel we should remain together. So if the Muellers stay, the rest of us should consider staying with them.”
That remark got a reaction from the boys.
“No way,” Simon said. “I don’t want to stay here. I mean, it’s great and all, but I want to see what’s ahead.”
“Me too,” Ruben said.
“What would we do if we stayed here?” Raheem asked. “We do not want to sit around and do nothing.”
Mike said, “I thought we were going to the city. Elan told us we should do that, didn’t he?”
By this time everyone was talking at once. Zinovy stood, arms folded, allowing the grumbles to escalate. But before the protest had a chance to develop into a useful movement, Emery introduced the option Zinovy had hoped no one would consider.
“Hey, if Mark and Michelle want to stay, I say, let them. There’s no reason we have to stay with them, is there?”
Zinovy straightened and took command of the conversation again. “There’s no law that says they can’t stay while we go, but it would be unwise. There’s strength in numbers, and if the Muellers stay, those of us who go on will be only . . . ” He stopped and counted around the circle. “There’ll be only ten of us to go on. And Mark’s contingent will be only four. Both groups will be weakened by such a division.”
A thoughtful silence enshrouded the group for a moment. Then Mark spoke. “I’m not sure we need to worry about strength any more. Didn’t Elan say we would be safe once we reached the top?”
“That I did.” 
The voice came from behind Zinovy. He jumped and looked around. 
“The closer you get to the city the safer you are,” Elan continued.
Zinovy had lost control of the meeting. Had he ever had control? The boys peppered Elan with questions. Most of them were about the city.
“You said we’d have lots to do when we got there, didn’t you, Elan?”
“How much farther is it?”
“What’s to do there?”
“Are there any girls in the city?”
Elan laughed and held up his hands. “Hold on. I’m not going to answer questions now. You’ll find out soon enough about all those things.”
“At least tell us how far,” Charles said. “Our calculations are so far off we don’t have any idea.”
Elan sobered. “All right. I’ll tell you. You’re about 500 miles away. It’s easy traveling from here. You could make it in ten or twelve days if you rushed.” He looked around at them. “But there is no reason to rush. In fact, not all of you are prepared for that destination yet.” 
Zinovy glanced up in time to see Elan’s thoughtful gaze rest on Charles. As if responding to the attention, Charles spoke. “Well I think we should go, and go as fast as we can. The trip has been long enough.”
Elan continued to study him for a moment. Then he turned to Zinovy. “There’s no reason for you to stay together any more,” he said. 
Zinovy frowned. 
Elan acknowledged the frown with a small bow, then he turned to the others. “From this point, each one of you could go on alone. In one sense that’s what everyone has been doing all along. You’re traveling together, but you are also on a personal journey, and in the end, each person must approach the city on their own, even if they are with others.” 
Zinovy lowered his brows. Elan was talking nonsense again. 
The boys erupted into excited chatter. Their words erased any last hope Zinovy had of keeping the group together. All they were talking about now was when they would leave and how fast they would move. 
Emery calculated. “We can do 50 miles a day if we go five miles an hour for ten hours,” he said. The rest nodded. 
Charles nodded as well. He was obviously determined to go with them. His impatience had returned full force since Caleb’s escape from Adam’s camp.
Sara spoke up from the back where she’d been riding herd on Caleb. “What about us?” she asked. “If you go that fast we won’t be able to keep up. What are we supposed to do?”
“She has a point,” Zinovy said. “So far everyone has been thinking only of himself. This is the problem of going our separate ways. Some will be left behind. It’s something we need to consider.”
The boys were subdued for a moment. Then Mike spoke up. “Why can’t you take them, Zinovy? We can go ahead. You can come with the others at your own pace.” 
Sara looked at Zinovy. “I guess that would work,” she said. A cloud sat on her forehead. It mirrored the one on his own. 
Zinovy looked back at her. “Maybe you’d like to stay here with Mark and Michelle. It’s a pleasant place. All you need is here.”
She studied his face. “What are you going to do?” 
“Me?” 
She nodded. 
“I’ll go on to the city.”
Sara frowned. “I want to go to the city too,” she said. “I’ve always planned to do that.”
Zinovy turned to Grace. “What about you?” 
She shrugged. “I’ll probably want to go on too. But it doesn’t really matter too much to me one way or the other.” Again, Zinovy noted the sadness in her face. Her grief would take much time to heal. 
He cleared his throat. “Well, that’s enough, I guess. If we don’t need to travel together, we don’t need to meet together either. You’re all on your own. You must make the best of it from here on in.” 
 “We’ll talk more of your plans later,” he said to Grace and Sara. Then he turned and walked away. A strange mixture of relief and frustration clouded his mind. 
Where did this leave him? He would have to think about it. 
* * *
Zinovy thought about it all morning. He laid the facts out on the grass in front of him. 
Mark and Michelle and the two children would stay here. The boys and Charles would move on. That left Grace, Sara and Caleb—and him. If the women persisted in their desire to go on to the city he would have to take them. That should work all right. All the same something bothered him. Elan had left again. It figured. Just like Elan to come and stir things up and leave him with the details to work out. 
Three of those details were walking toward him right now. He studied them as they came. Grace and Sara were smiling and talking. Caleb galloped between them, tromping around the flowers in their path. The boy looked up, let go of Sara’s hand, skipped ahead of the two women, and threw himself at Zinovy’s knees. 
He grabbed the boy. “Whoa, horse. You’ll knock me over.”
“Guess what, Zinovy,” Sara said. “Grace has some exciting news.”
Grace’s smile framed her glowing face. “My family,” she began. “Zinovy, Elan says my family is alive.” At this she could contain herself no longer. Tears of joy filled her eyes. She wrapped her arms around him and cried openly into his shoulder.
Zinovy’s heart sang with her words. “I’m happy for you,” he said as he returned her embrace. “Where are they?”
“They aren’t far away,” she said. “They’re traveling to the city as well. Elan said I can go to them if I want. I can make the rest of the journey to the city with them.” She wailed, “Oh, Zinovy. I get to see my boys. I get to hold my husband. I can’t believe the happiness.”
Zinovy’s shirt was getting wet. He gently pulled her away. “What do you mean Elan says you can go to them? How will you get there?”
Grace wiped her eyes on her shirttail and grinned up at him. “Elan will take me. He says I can go any time. Isn’t that wonderful?”
Zinovy frowned. “Yes, it is wonderful. But I’d like you to wait a while,” he said. “We need to consider some things.”
Grace’s smile faded. “Why should I wait? I want to go now.”
Zinovy sighed. “There are others to consider, Grace. We need to talk about it. Will you do me the favor of staying long enough to settle some things? I cannot make you stay. I’m asking as a favor.” He looked at Sara then back at Grace. “Can we talk at supper? I’ll explain then.” 
* * *
Suppertime had become an excuse to explore. Charles and the boys were far afield looking for their dinner. They would be back. Zinovy had managed to secure a promise from them all that no one would leave until at least the next day. He needed the evening to deal with one remaining problem now that the dust of their decisions had all settled. 
He took his sandwich over to the shrub Grace had chosen for her dinner table. She was eating alone. Sara and Caleb had eaten early and gone to the pool for a final dip before Caleb’s bedtime. 
Grace smiled as he approached. He squatted beside her and took a bite before he began. He needed her cooperation, so he must express himself well. Finally he decided, as usual, that the direct route was best.
“I have a problem, Grace,” he began. “The way things have worked out, if you go to your family, that will leave me to travel alone with Sara and Caleb.” He looked at her to see if she was hearing him.
Grace frowned. “So?” 
Zinovy squirmed into a more comfortable position. “That’s the problem,” he said. “It won’t be right for me to go on alone with them. Only the three of us, you see?” He studied her face. Clearly she didn’t see. He was going to have to spell it out. “It won’t be proper. Me, a man, and Sara, a woman. You understand?”
She grinned. “Sara is a woman now, is she? You used to call her a child. When did she grow up?”
Zinovy glared at her. “She’s a young woman. It’s not good.” He studied the ground, then he went on. “I’ve been thinking. It would work well if she could travel with you and your family to the city. Would you take her when you go with Elan?” 
Grace pondered. “I don’t know. Elan would have to decide that. I’m just the passenger. Besides, I’m not sure she’d want to. It has to be her decision.”
Zinovy frowned. Grace was right. That was the problem. He had no control over her. She would do what she wanted. “I’m sure she’d like to do that. I’ll talk to her. Then we’ll see if Elan can work it out to take all three of you.”
It was an easy solution. With the women gone, he could join the men, or he could proceed to the city alone. One way or another his responsibilities would be over. He would be back where he had started. The freedom would be welcome, he told himself. 
He finished his meal, walked to the pool and bent down to wash his hands. Caleb saw him and paddled over. Sara swam for a while longer, then turned on her back and floated, drifting slowly toward them in the gentle current created by the splashing fountain at the end of the pond. 
Zinovy sat on the grass and waited, watching the occasional dip of her hands in the water as Caleb chatted by his side. He would be free without these children, yes. But something would be missing as well. His heart skipped a beat. He ignored it and smiled at her as she pulled herself up onto the bank and stood to wring the water from her shirt. Then he told her of the plan.
It should have been easy, but, of course, it was not. She looked down at him, a frown on her face. “Why should we go with Grace? We don’t know anybody there. She’ll be busy with her family. We’d only be in the way.”
“You need to be with someone. The others are all leaving. What will you do? You can’t go on by yourself.”
“I thought you were going to take us.” 
Zinovy cleared his throat. “That wouldn’t be good. It’s better if you’re with people of your own kind. I’ll go on to the city by myself.” 
He should have been more direct. He should have said, ‘It will be better if you are with people of your own sex.’ For some reason he was reticent to say it that way, and now he could tell, by the flash of emotion in her eyes, that she didn’t understand.
“I see.” She ducked her head and reached her hand out to the boy. “Come on, Caleb. It’s time for bed.” Then she turned on her heel and walked away. 
Almost he called to her, “No, you don’t see.” But he had no better explanation than the one she had assumed. He stood, turned his back and walked away as well. 
He found Grace laying out her bedroll under a tree on the edge of the campsite. The pictures of her family were propped up around the base of the tree. They smiled up at him as he squatted beside her. 
“I think she’ll go with you,” he said, avoiding her eyes. 
“You think? Did you ask?”
He nodded.
“Well, did she say she wanted to go with me?”
“Not in so many words.”
He shifted from one foot to the other. “Grace, she has to go with you. She can’t stay with me.”
Grace plucked a violet rose and lifted it to her face. Its soft perfume filled the air between them. “There’s a way she could stay with you, Zinovy,” she said. 
He looked at her. “What do you mean?”
She didn’t answer immediately. She studied him, instead. Finally she said, “You could marry her.”
“Marry her!” Zinovy shouted. He winced and looked around. Sara squatted on the ground fifty feet away, settling Caleb into a clump of moss. He turned back to Grace and repeated under his breath. “Marry her! Are you crazy?”
“Why would that be crazy?”
Zinovy reached over and took hold of Grace’s arm, turning her toward him. “Look at me. I’m old enough to be her father. You’re crazy to say such a thing. It’s obscene.”
Grace studied him. “But you’re not her father. You’re not related to her at all.”
Zinovy let out an exasperated sigh. “It doesn’t matter. I’m old, Grace. She’s young. Don’t you understand?” 
Grace cupped the flower in her hand, caressing the petals as she spoke. “I don’t know that it matters much anymore how old anyone is. Time isn’t the same in this world, haven’t you noticed?”
“Maybe not. But we were born in the old world. I was born in the old world nineteen years before she was. We’re a whole generation apart.” 
He stole a look at Sara again. She stood, hands on hips, watching Caleb reach out for Aslan, waiting for him to settle in his bed. The lion was growing. So was the child. But Sara looked the same. She hadn’t aged since the day he’d first seen her. He sighed again, feeling twice his age. “What am I to do with them?” he asked, more to himself this time than to Grace.
Grace shrugged. “I’ve given you the best advice I have. Maybe she won’t need anyone to take care of her. If the city is safe . . . ”
She didn’t finish. Zinovy wasn’t listening anyway. His insides were churning. He wondered, absently, where the pain in his chest was coming from. 
* * *
Zinovy didn’t sleep well. He tossed and turned, trying to find a comfortable position. The problem was not with the mattress. 
By morning he’d decided to come clean with Sara. He needed to convince her to go with Grace and the only way he could do that would be to explain why she couldn’t stay with him. It should not be awkward. He would explain rationally. She would understand.
Meanwhile, he would talk to the boys as well. The situation would work out best if he could convince everyone to stay until Grace and Sara were gone. After breakfast he walked across the compound to where the boys were packing up their things. It looked like they planned to start immediately.
“Simon,” Zinovy called, “Ruben. Wait a minute. I need to talk to you.”
The boys listened, impatiently at first, then more quietly as the situation became clear to them.
“I just need you to wait until Elan comes again,” Zinovy said. “I need to work this out with him. Once he takes the women you can go.” He looked around at the rest. “I guess some of you could go before that. We only need a few to stay.”
“No,” Emery said, speaking for the whole group. “We’ll all stay. Elan had better come soon, though. We don’t want to hang around forever.”
With relief, Zinovy went off to find Sara. She was sitting on the bank by the pool stroking Aslan, watching Caleb splash in the water. Zinovy sat down. Sara looked up, her face expressionless, then turned back to Caleb.
“I need to explain something to you,” Zinovy began.
“Caleb,” she called across the pool. “Stay on this side where I can see you.” She was not going to make this easy for him.
He sighed and went on, “I need to explain why I can’t accompany you and Caleb to the city.”
“There’s no need. You don’t owe me an explanation. You have your own life to live. I know that.”
He read the hurt in her voice. “You don’t understand,” he said. “It’s not that I want you to go away. I’d like to travel to the city with you. But, don’t you see? There are no others to go with us now. It wouldn’t be right for us to go—just the two of us—without others along.”
She squinted up at him for a moment. “Do you mean—are you talking about chaperones?” she asked.
He squirmed and nodded, feeling the heat creep up the back of his neck.
She laughed. The sound made him even more uncomfortable, and he spoke out of that discomfort: “I know it’s ridiculous. I don’t mean to say there’d be . . . I mean, you’re a child. I’m old enough to be your father. It’s not as if . . . ” 
He needed to shut up. Saying more would only make it worse. He stole a glance at her. She sat, quiet now, grinning at him over the cub’s furry head.
Finally she said, “I see. I must say it is a relief that you weren’t just trying to get rid of me. I know I’m a nuisance at times, but it was hard for me to think . . . .” Here she stopped. He had no idea how she would have finished the sentence, but he was relieved. It was over. They seemed to be friends again.
“So that’s why you need to go with Grace,” he said. “The boys have agreed to stay until Elan can take you away.”
“When will Elan be back?” she asked.
Zinovy shrugged. “Who knows? He comes and goes as he pleases. He should be back soon. He’s promised to take Grace and he knows how much she wants to go.”
They sat in a companionable silence for a while. Caleb finished his swim, clambered out of the pool, and came to sit with them. Zinovy ruffled his dripping hair. The boy wriggled around until he was settled into his favorite position on Zinovy’s lap, but he didn’t stay long. A couple of butterflies flitted by and he was off with Aslan on the chase.
Zinovy laughed at them, and Sara looked over.
“You seem more relaxed,” she said.
“What do you mean?”
“You were pretty stressed for a while. I wondered what you were thinking, but you didn’t seem to want to talk about it.”
He nodded. “I was troubled,” he said. “Before the mountain. It was hard to deal with the deaths. It’s better now.” He plucked a blade of grass and ran his fingers along the smooth stem. 
Finally she asked, “What happened back there, on the mountain?”
He didn’t respond immediately. He was willing to tell her, but the experience was not easy to describe. At last he said, “I don’t know. It’s hard to explain. I was very angry—angry about Eric especially. Back there I just dealt with it. Or maybe it’s more accurate to say the Creator dealt with it.”
“Did he talk to you?” she asked, her eyes wide.
Zinovy nodded. “I think that’s what happened. It had to be him. The message was like something he would say. I knew it was truth as soon as I heard.”
“What did he tell you?”
“Well, he didn’t exactly tell me anything.” Sara looked at him, her brows knitted. Zinovy sighed and tried to explain. “He asked a question. Something like, ‘who are you to tell me what I should do?’” Zinovy studied the ground without seeing it. “It wasn’t in those very words, but that was what he meant. I knew. He was right. I was angry with him for letting Eric die and he was telling me that it was his business, not mine.”
They sat in silence for a while. Then Sara said, “But it was such an evil thing. He could have prevented it. That sounds like a reason to be angry to me. I’ve been sort of angry too. I mean, if he lets evil things happen, how can he be a good God? And if he’s not good, he doesn’t deserve our respect, does he?”
“I don’t know.” Zinovy marveled at how much easier it was becoming to say that. He went on, “I haven’t thought it through. All I know is that when he said it I knew I was wrong. It was like when my mother would scold me for doing something bad.” He looked at her and grinned. “All I had to do was see her scowl and I knew I was in for it, and I deserved what was coming.” 
Sara’s brows remained furrowed. After a time she said, “I can’t believe he’s not good.” She swept her hand across the beautiful vista before them, including Caleb and Aslan playing in the meadow. “Only a good God could do all this. There has to be a good reason when he lets evil happen.” 
“That’s an oxymoron. How can there be a good reason to let evil happen?” 
It was yet another unanswerable question. But even if there were no answer to this one, Zinovy knew his real question had been silenced forever on the mountain. He marveled again at the peace that had settled into his spirit. 
Her next words echoed his growing conviction: “Maybe we just have to trust him.”
 He nodded. “That’s right. Whatever. Good or bad, no matter what he does, I have to trust him. There’s no other option for me.”
* * *
Two figures stood apart from the conversation, listening to the pair sitting by the water. 
“One final stumbling block has now become a stepping stone,” said the one with the scars. 
The red-headed one beside him nodded and smiled. Then he remembered, as if it were yesterday, or forever. He didn’t know how long it had been. Time was so confusing in his new body.




CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
Eric thought carefully and it came back to him. Caleb had been taken, and he, Archie and Alex were running through the brush after the Bedouins. The others stopped hard, and he fell into them. Adam and Haidar crouched in their path. 
The knife. The vandal’s knife. In the Regulus leader’s hand. 
No wait. There are two. There were always two, then. One was in the vandal’s hand to kill Zinovy. The other was for the lion.
No. It’s for me. I see it now. I see it too late. Oh, God, no. The other is for Alex.
I am on the ground. I feel the earth under me. Nothing else. There’s blood. Much blood. Too much blood for life to stay.
Zinovy comes. Fast. He looks around. Looks at me. His face is ashen. I see my death in his eyes. I try to speak—to tell him it’s okay. But there is no voice.
There is only the rainbow sky, dimming. Dark.
No! Not dark! Light! Blazing light! 
There. In front of me. A sea of glass. A white, golden throne. A long, flowing robe filling the floor with iridescent brightness. 
I raise my head. My eyes go up the robe, up, up into the growing brightness until I see his face. He reaches out and his robe falls away from his hands. I see the scars. The sight overwhelms me. I fall down. I cannot look up. 
Then he is lifting my face. 
* * *
 “It’s you!” Eric whispered into the warm brown eyes.
The Bright One smiled down at him and diamonds flashed. They dipped and swayed, like dancers, meeting and parting, darting so near he thought he’d be hit, then dashing off again to play in the kaleidoscopic of color that flooded the throne room. 
He wanted to be hit. He yearned to be part of the dance. 
Then the one on the throne spoke: “Welcome, Eric!” 
The sound of the river filled the room. The diamonds collided and shattered over his head. The brightness fell, with the river, over and around him, and joy exploded inside him. The river embraced the bright dancers, flowed around them and through them like a child’s laughter—pure joy expressed in sight and sound. Eric was caught up in the wonder of the dance.
 “Welcome home, both of you.”
Later, when he could breathe again, he stood in awe and listened as the bright ones reported to the King.
“It is enough,” the King said. “They must be removed.”
“Where do we take them?” Elan asked. “To the other side?”
“The leader, yes. Take Adam to the other side. And the Bedouin warriors.”
 He turned, then, to smile down on Eric once more. “This one can go with you.” He smiled at the other bright one as well. “You can go too, Alex. It is right that you both be there.” 
Elan spoke again. “What about Haidar? What do we do with him?”
The King looked at Elan for a moment. Then he said, “Leave Haidar. He still has business here.”
* * *
Lunch was over. It had been nice to eat without a churning stomach. Zinovy was glad he’d talked to Sara. The air was clear between them now, and he was determined to keep it that way until she left with Elan. When they got to the city she would find other people. She could go her own way. Zinovy would go his, and they would part friends. 
The parting was not pleasant to consider, but it would have to come. She was young. She would need to begin a new life. He put his hands behind his head, sat back against a sturdy oak tree and looked up through the glimmering branches.
A blaze of light shot into his eyes. He winced and blinked several times, but the blaze was still there. Something wasn't right. Then a voice spoke from the brilliance. 
“Zinovy, it’s me.”
The voice was vaguely familiar. What the . . . ? Zinovy opened one eye and squinted into the brightness. “What did you say?” 
“I said, it’s me—Eric. Eric Glaston.” 
He hadn’t heard right. Either that or he’d fallen asleep and was dreaming. 
Then the glory dimmed and in front of him stood a familiar figure, one he’d last seen sprawled on crimson ground drenched in his own blood.
“It can’t be,” Zinovy mumbled to himself. He rubbed his eyes and looked again. 
“Yeah, mate, I’m in my new body, see?” Eric touched his chest with ten glowing fingertips. It was definitely Eric’s grin.
Zinovy’s mind whirled with all the possibilities—the mistake he must have made, the dream he must be having. 
But, no, there had been no mistake. He remembered it all vividly. Eric had died. There was no doubt. The blood had been everywhere—too much blood for him to have survived. 
Zinovy pinched himself. It was no dream. Every fiber of his being was awake and alert.
He closed his eyes, then opened them. Eric was still there, standing before him, vibrant and pulsing with life. His eyes sparkled with laughter at Zinovy’s bewilderment as he waited for a response to his greeting.
“But,” Zinovy stammered in his confusion. “You were dead. I saw you with your throat slit.” Zinovy was talking to a dead man. He must be crazy. Instinctively he reached out to the bright body, expecting to touch only air. 
Eric threw back his head and laughed again. Zinovy saw a faint scar running across the base of his throat. “Yeah, Mate. I’m real. Feel me.” He grasped Zinovy’s arm and squeezed hard. The hand was firm. Flesh and bone as before. This was definitely not a ghost.
Eric leaned over and looked into Zinovy’s face. “I’m one of the bright ones now. Isn’t that something? When you die in this new world you become one of the bright ones.”
Zinovy finally closed his mouth. “Where’s Archie?” he asked, still in shock, but beginning to think again.
Eric straightened, his brow creased. “Archie?”
“Where are Archie and Alex?” 
“Alex is here somewhere. He came with us.” Eric looked over Zinovy’s shoulder toward the compound. “He’s probably off talking to the boys.” Then he looked back. “I haven’t seen Archie. Isn’t he here with you?”
Zinovy stood, transfixed, remembering the murder scene—the two empty pools of blood and Archie’s body sprawled beside them.
Awareness dawned on Eric’s bright face. “Did Archie die too?” 
Zinovy nodded. 
Eric frowned and studied the ground. “Gosh. I don’t know. I haven’t seen him since that day we took off looking for Caleb. Things moved kind of fast after that. I didn’t notice what happened to him.” He looked up. “I thought he’d gotten away.”
They stood quietly for a moment. Gradually, Zinovy’s confusion gave way to a reluctant realization. He would not see Archie again. Archie had gone somewhere else. Maybe he was with Rudzinski and Redmond, but he was not here. 
Zinovy looked up at Eric again, half afraid he would be gone—half afraid he wouldn’t. His mind whirled. His eyes were not deceiving him. Eric was there, before him, and Eric had been dead, that was a certainty. Two certainties that contradicted each other. He was baffled, not even able to rejoice yet that his friend was back. 
Eric explained: “I was still there when you came. I heard you cry out. I wanted to answer you, but I couldn’t. Then the next moment I’d gone from that place and come to this one. I kind of just skipped over the being dead part,” he said. 
When Zinovy continued to stare he went on. “It’s like the book said, remember? About Jesus coming back to life? Oh, that’s right. Maybe we didn’t get that far. It’s right at the end where they go to the tomb and they can’t find him. It was because he was gone. He was up and at it again, just like me.” Eric laughed. “I know it sounds weird, but it’s the truth. You know how they always said the truth is stranger than fiction? Well, it sure is.”
Zinovy remembered Sara’s remark: It’s only strange because you aren’t used to it. Would he ever get used to the things that were happening around him?
Eric babbled on. “Zinovy, it’s so interesting. You know the colors—the rainbow of colors? You haven’t seen anything yet. That’s just a taste of what it’s really like. When you die you get new eyes. You get to see so many things. There are colors and shapes and sounds and smells like we never could imagine.”
But Zinovy was still in the meadow, standing beside the pool of blood. “Was it Adam who killed you?” The strangeness of this line of questioning struck him again, but he needed to know the answer.
Eric nodded. “He used the butcher knife. You know, the one we thought the vandals had taken.”
“I tried to find him after that. I would have killed him.”
“No need to do that. We took care of him.”
“You killed him?”
“Gosh, no. We just took him away.”
“But where? Do you mean to another world?”
“No, no. To the other side of this world. Somewhere in the middle of the Pacific Ocean I guess, or the Atlantic. I’m not sure which. It’s all different there now you know.” Eric laughed. “Adam’s gone walkabout. It’ll take him a while to find his way back.”
“What’s it like—the other side? Is there water?”
“Sure there’s water. Lots of springs and lakes, kind of like on the mountaintop here. It’s garden there too, like it is here. He won’t starve. But there’s no river—nothing he can follow to the city.” 
Eric straightened, then, and the light on his face sparkled more brilliantly. “Hey. I just remembered . . . ” He reached out and drew another bright figure into Zinovy’s range of vision. “I’d like you to meet my friend, Serena. Here they call her Serene.”
The bright newcomer smiled and held out her hand. Zinovy took it, and nodded, speechless in his surprise.
* * *
The camp was astir. The boys huddled around Alex who talked and laughed and held out his arms so they could pinch him. Zinovy stood apart, feeling as never before the loneliness of leadership, thinking about Archie. 
Sensing a presence by his side, he turned, hoping to find the commander beside him. The one with the nail-scarred hands stood there instead.
Zinovy spoke his thoughts aloud, knowing the presence had been there all along and would understand.
“What about Archie? Didn’t you walk with him? He was a good man.”
The Savior inclined his head. “I was there. I spoke to him.”
“And . . . ?” Zinovy asked, waiting for an answer that did not come.
“Did he hear you?” Zinovy prodded, and waited again.
Finally his companion said, “I honor choices, Zinovy. You know that.”
“But Archie didn’t make a choice. He hadn’t yet decided about these things.” Even as he said the words he knew they were not true. No decision was still a decision, of course. Amazing how he could read the thoughts of the one beside him.
“Archie chose to declare his independence. We honored that declaration.” 
Zinovy was quiet, thinking hard. “And Graham? Did Graham choose as well?”
The Savior nodded, a deep sadness in his eyes.
“He was so young. He should have had more time.”
“Time is a gift, my friend. It’s a gift that is given, breath by breath, moment by moment. There is no guarantee for any mortal that the gift will go on past that moment’s breath.” 
Zinovy looked up to say something else, but the Presence was no longer visible. 
Eric headed across the compound toward Zinovy, striding easily, his feet nearly touching the ground, but not quite. “So have you found out who Elan is yet?” the boy asked as he approached.
“What do you mean?”
Eric stopped, drew his brows together and colored. “Oh, never mind. You’ll find out when you need to. I just thought she had told you already.”
“Who had told us? What? Tell me.”
Eric shook his head. “Nah. I can’t. You’ll find out soon enough.” And he was gone too.
* * *
Elan returned the next day. Emery came back from a trip to the facilities and announced his arrival. 
“He’s over there. He’s stopped to talk to Caleb. You wanted to see him didn’t you? After you talk to him can we go?”
“Hold tight, Emery. We’ll see.”
Zinovy headed toward the clump of golden flowers Caleb was harvesting. Elan stood over the boy. Both of them were talking as Caleb picked the bright blooms. Elan looked up as Zinovy approached.
“Hello,” he said. “I hear you’ve talked to Eric and Alex.”
Zinovy nodded. “It was a great surprise,” he said, understating drastically. “But I need to talk to you about something else.”
“That’s fine. We can step over here. Caleb, remember to take only as many as you can carry. There will be more for you tomorrow if you want them.”
Elan and Zinovy moved away from the boy. “What’s on your mind?” the bright one asked.
Zinovy went right to the point. “When you take Grace to her family you must take Sara and Caleb also.”
“Why?”
Zinovy groaned. How many times must he go over this? He leaned into Elan’s face and explained, enunciating carefully. “Sara and Caleb must go because when Grace leaves there will be no women in our group. The boys and Charles are going as well. I’ll be left alone with Sara.” He stopped, then, waiting for a sign that Elan understood the implications of his remarks.
Elan smiled. “And you wouldn’t like that—to be left with Sara?” 
Exasperation tightened Zinovy’s throat. “It has nothing to do with what I would like,” he squawked. “Do you not see? It’s inappropriate.”
“Yes, I see. It would not be appropriate.”
Relief flooded over Zinovy. Finally, someone was thinking properly.
“But it would be appropriate if you were married, wouldn’t it?”
Again, Zinovy found himself shouting the word: “Married?” Again he looked around to see if Sara was nearby. She was not.
He turned back to the bright one. “Elan, I don’t understand. That you, of all people, should suggest such a thing—it’s crazy.”
Elan persisted. “You wouldn’t want to marry Sara?” 
“That’s not the point. The point is she would not want to marry me. I don’t know why you’d even think such a thing.”
“What makes you think she wouldn’t want to marry you?”
Zinovy was not crazy, but that was going to change if these questions didn’t stop. Again he leaned into Elan’s face. “Elan, look at me. I am an old man. Sara is half my age.”
“Right now she is,” Elan said. “But it won’t always be true. In fifty years, for example, there won’t be such a difference in your ages. In a hundred years the difference will be negligible.”
Zinovy stopped and glared at him. “Fifty years from now I’ll be dead.”
Elan continued walking and Zinovy moved to catch up. 
“Where’s your watch, Zinovy?” the bright one asked. 
Zinovy stared at him, diverted by the change of subject. “It broke. A long time ago.” 
Elan looked at him and smiled. 
Then it struck him. “Is there no more time, then?” 
“No, no. Time is not finished. It still passes, but not as quickly, so it’s not as relevant.” He turned and gestured at the brilliant scene before them. “Look around you, my friend. The world is full of life. Every breath you take, every bite you eat, is life. Death will come eventually, but it will be a while. You will live a long time.” Again he looked at Zinovy and added, “You will love a long time.”
Zinovy believed him, but he was not cheered. By now he knew. He would love forever. But an eternal love that could never be consummated would be an eternal torment. A wondrous torment, to be sure, but a torment just the same. He sighed. 
“Even so,” he said to Elan, “You need to take her. It won’t work the other way.”
Elan shrugged. “If you say so. Have you talked to her about going with Grace?”
Zinovy nodded. “She understands. She’ll go with you.”
* * *
And she would have gone, but Caleb changed their plans. 
“I don’t want to go,” he wailed when Sara told him they’d be leaving Zinovy behind. “I’m going to stay with Novy.” 
Caleb wouldn’t budge. Elan could have abducted him, but the boy had had enough of kidnappings. Zinovy didn’t want to put him through another. 
“I suppose he could stay with you and I could go with Grace,” Sara suggested. 
But Caleb would have none of that either. “I want you both,” he cried, on the verge of another tantrum. The tears flowed so forcefully that no one had the heart to deny him. 
Finally Grace came to the rescue. “Look,” she said. “I’ll stay here for now. I’ve been feeling guilty about leaving anyway. We’re all kind of deserting the ship. I’ll finish my tour of duty with the Gaia crew.”
Zinovy knew what the decision would cost her. “You’re sure?” 
She nodded. Sara gave her a hug and Zinovy left them. He still had difficulty with emotions.
When the boys heard the news, they were crestfallen. “How can we go if she must stay?” Raheem asked. Of all the boys, he was the closest to Grace. 
“We’ll never get to the city at this rate,” Simon grumbled. 
Zinovy spoke up. “You can go,” he told them. “You weren’t part of the Gaia crew. You made no commitment to the mission. It’s right that Grace stays, but you’re under no obligation.” He looked over at Charles who stood listening to the discussion. “Charles,” he added. “What’s your choice?”
Before Charles could answer, Elan spoke. “Charles will stay with you as well.”
“What?” The pudgy man straightened and frowned at Elan. “You can’t tell me what to do. I’ll go if I want to.”
Zinovy read compassion in the bright one’s eyes, but the tone was firm. “You are free to leave if you choose, Charles, but you won’t reach your destination any sooner if you go now. You’re not ready for the city. You haven’t met the King yet. No one can enter the city without knowing the King.”
“What do you mean? How can I meet the king if I don’t go to the city? I thought that was where he lived.”
“There are ways, Charles. There have always been ways, but you’ve never been willing.”
Charles frowned. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
“Never mind. It will come in time. But you’ll do well to stay with Zinovy and Grace for now.” And again Elan was gone.
* * *
“Caleb, come sit down while you eat.” 
Sara patted the moss by her side. Across the meadow Caleb stooped down. One small hand grasped a juicy sandwich. With the other arm he scooped up Aslan in an awkward capture that left the cub squirming for a foothold in empty air.
“Why?” came the standard five-year-old reply, as the boy lowered the wriggling lion into a circle of shrubbery obviously intended to be a cage. 
“Because you shouldn’t eat and run at the same time.” 
The boy glanced at her, held his sandwich aloft, and watched his pet clamber back over the low wall of shrubs. Then, lifting both arms and his round face to the sky, he danced a jig, unable to control the urge for movement. 
“Why can’t I do both?” he asked. “I’m not going to fall.”
Zinovy’s heart swelled watching the boy. He could not believe how dear these people had become to him. He who, for all these years, had so carefully contained his emotions—had so jealously defended that fortress against all assault—had somehow missed a parry. Without deliberation these two had thrust their swords home, and the heart-swell he felt was not unlike the pain of a blade penetrating a chest he had thought was invincible. He smiled at the antics of the boy.
Then the smile vanished. The weeks had rushed by. In a few days they would reach the city. Before then he had to decide what to do with these two people. He could not leave them unprotected. Eventually Sara would have to marry. That much was clear.
Once more he ran through the possibilities. It should be one of the boys. If only Alex had lived. He would have been her best prospect. None of the others were ready for the responsibility of marriage, especially marriage with a young child in tow.
“Caleb, come here right now.” Sara’s voice held an edge the child had come to recognize. He came trudging back, commanding Aslan to follow. His half-eaten sandwich trailed limply from his hand, a subtle lure to the lion who ignored the bait, still cavorting in the tall grass around the ineffectual shrubbery cage.
“It’s not good to do two things at once.” Sara explained, as Caleb settled down in the cradle of Zinovy’s cross-legged lap. “You can enjoy each thing better if you do it by itself.” She looked at him, studying his reaction to her remark. Then, apparently satisfied that he had gotten the message, she took a bite of her apple.
Zinovy wrapped his arms around the little boy and studied Sara’s face. He remembered how it had looked when he first saw it—tense, haggard, eyes darting with fear. She looked so different now. She hadn’t aged, but she had grown up. She was beautiful. When had it happened? Somewhere on the journey. 
Sara glanced at him, then down at Caleb, who had already fallen asleep in his arms. Her face softened. Zinovy watched the glow in her eyes reach out across the short distance between them and touch the face of the young child. A pang of jealousy shot through him. He lifted the boy and laid him in the grass.
He longed to tell her how he felt. They shared so much now. They talked about everything. But this—Oh, no. This was different. He could never let her see how much she meant to him. He thought about Grace and Elan’s suggestion that he marry her. The idea still shocked him. It would shock her as well.
He pictured himself asking her. How would he do it? He would say, “You need someone to take care of you. I would like to have the job of it.” No, no. She would not understand. He would have to come right out and tell her, “I love you. I want to marry you.” 
He could see her face if he said those words, could see the awareness dawn, then the revulsion and the quick mask she would pull down over her eyes. She would mask her eyes because she would not want to hurt him. She would make some kind of excuse—probably say she was not ready to get married, or some such thing. 
But the pulling down of the mask would hurt him worse than letting her go, and afterward their friendship would be ruined. He would not be able to stand that.
No. It could never happen. He would have to find another way to provide for her. Somewhere there would be another man—the right one. He breathed a silent prayer. It came out as a small groan.
“Earth to Zinovy.”
“What?”
She sighed. “You’re doing it again. You’re off in your own little world. What are you thinking about?”
He smiled at her. “I was thinking what a good mother you’ll make some day.”
She looked at him and raised her eyebrows. He had shocked her after all. 
He laughed. “I can see it now. You’ll have a little girl with raven black hair and dark blue eyes who stomps her feet and screams when she doesn’t get what she wants.”
Her back went rigid and her eyes snapped. She pursed her lips. Then she said, “And a little boy with wavy hair and gray eyes and a dimple in his chin who thinks he knows everything and is as stubborn as . . . ” 
She stopped mid-sentence. Her face went white and her jaw dropped. She looked away. The color crept up the back of her neck and spread to her cheeks.
Zinovy sat, still as a statue, trying to digest what she’d just said. Finally he spoke quietly. “As stubborn as what, Sara?” 
She didn’t respond at first. He wondered if she would ever speak. Then she said, just as quietly, “As stubborn as you, Zinovy.”
He stared at her, not moving, not able, at first, to reach out toward the hope his heart was bursting to believe.
She continued to look away, but she couldn’t avoid his eyes forever. Finally she turned back. The blush had faded. In its place was a soft dignity and there was a pleading in her eyes. 
“I didn’t mean to say that. I was only reacting to what you said, that’s all.” 
She said more, talking fast, but Zinovy didn’t hear another word. He’d begun to move toward her and he was preoccupied with a totally different thought. He was wondering what her mouth tasted like.
It tasted like apple.




CHAPTER THIRTY
It was supposed to have been a quiet wedding. 
“It’s always this way,” Charles explained to Zinovy as they stood under a coconut tree. “The groom thinks it’s going to be a simple affair. A few flowers. Some presents. The in-laws. Then, by the time the day arrives it’s turned into a major production. Get used to it, Zinovy. Let me tell you. It’s out of your control.”
They’d been looking over the guest list. Grace had torn two pages from the logbook and she and Sara had pored over them for what seemed like hours. The list was long, and the names she’d written down made the hair on the back of Zinovy’s neck stand on end. Zinovy had no idea how she’d come up with them. Elan must have helped her.
Meanwhile, Sara and Grace moved around the oasis making preparations. Nothing seemed needed. Decorations were already in place. The setting was beautiful. But apparently they needed to choose just the right spot for the ceremony. 
The crew had been settled at this oasis for some time. They were resting after five days of easy travel. They had received news of the upcoming wedding with enthusiasm. The Muellers had traveled with them. All were enthusiastic about the wedding, and happy for Zinovy and Sara. It didn’t take the boys too long to figure out that once the ceremony was over they’d be free to travel on as fast as they liked. 
“We can head out right after the wedding,” Ruben had said. “They won’t want us sticking around anyway.”
“Yeah. No more need for chaperones,” laughed Simon.
And so the whole crew got into the planning. The wedding was set for the next afternoon. There would be a reception—an evening feast that included a new wine Emery and Raheem had discovered while digging the latrine two days before. 
“This is the nectar of the gods,” the boys boasted. “It’s from a tuber growing under the netting bushes we use for chairs. Raheem chopped into one and the scent nearly knocked us over.” 
It had taken them a while to finish the digging. Such hard work required frequent refreshment. But the boys would let no one else sample the new beverage. “We’ll save it for the wedding reception. Everyone can celebrate then.”
Finally the next day dawned. Zinovy was nervous. It was not just his upcoming marriage. That would have been enough, by itself, to swell his heart to the bursting point. But there was more.
Guests had been drifting in all morning. Zinovy wasn’t sure where they came from, but he suspected it was the city. An unusual energy filled the air. The music Zinovy had heard when they first reached the mountaintop had become more distinct with each day of their journey across the plateau. Today it seemed to resonate around them, singing softly in the background, the strains of a glorious wedding march. It soothed the edges of Zinovy’s excitement—kept him at peace in the midst of emotions that otherwise might have swept him away. The day was to be full of small surprises.
The first came at midday. Zinovy had found a mini-oasis about a mile away that he’d been preparing as a honeymoon suite. He’d gone that morning one last time to check that all was in order. As he came back into the compound, the surprise came walking toward him.
He was a tall man and he walked toward Zinovy with a steady stride. When they met, he held out his hand. “Hello, my son,” he said. There were tears in the gray eyes. 
Zinovy’s jaw dropped. He ignored the outstretched hand and moved, instead, into the strong arms of the father he’d never met. He’d seen his parents’ names on the guest list, but hadn’t quite believed they would actually be there. 
Now his mother joined them, smiling softly at his father’s side. Their embrace was long and sweet and wet with tears. 
“Last time I saw you . . . ” Zinovy stopped, choking on his tears. 
His mother’s arms tightened around him. “The pain has been gone forever,” she said. Then she pulled herself away. “Your father has something for you.”
Zinovy reached out and took the small ring from the palm of his father’s hand. It gleamed in the brightness, pure and white. “We had it made for you in the city. There are many gifted goldsmiths there.”
“It is the right size,” his mother said. “Your father measured her finger while she slept.” She looked up and across the compound. “Come. It is time.” She led them to the place by the side of the pool where Elan waited, Eric’s little red book in hand.
“Dearly beloved,” Elan began. 
“Move over, Raheem,” Mike said. “I can’t see around you.” 
“I cannot move over. You move up behind Peter.”
Elan waited while the audience settled itself.
“Dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the presence of God to witness the marriage of this man and this woman.” He looked up. “It seems they are in love.”
There were snickers from the back of the crowd. “That is pretty darn apparent, if you ask me,” Simon said.
Elan glanced at the boys and smiled. “Love is a good thing.” Then he turned back to the couple before him. “It is the best thing. However, it will not always be an easy thing. Today, love comes naturally to you both.”
Zinovy looked down at the woman by his side. He couldn’t help but see her as she had come into his life—the scrawny tomboy, wriggling underneath him as he captured her on that first day. He remembered the tense body in his arms as he held her after the vandal attack, and the limp body he’d lifted from the scene of Caleb’s kidnapping. He felt again the anguish of those moments and shuddered. Then she materialized before him—real and warm and smiling. Yes. It was so easy to love this woman. 
Elan went on. “But in the next hundred years there will be many times when your love for each other will require that you make a choice. You will have to choose whether to love the other or to love yourself.” Here Elan looked intently into their faces. “God speaks of the kind of love you are to have in the Gospel of John.” He opened the book and read: “This is my command: Love one another the way I loved you.”
Elan looked up again. “How did God love you? He gave his life for you.” A vision of the Savior’s scars flashed before Zinovy’s eyes. 
“Every day from now on you must each choose to give up your life for the other. In doing this—in losing your lives for each other—you will find life. Your life will begin fresh and new each time you give it up for the sake of the other. 
“This love is blessed by heaven,” Elan continued. Zinovy looked across to where the nail-scarred man stood quietly, arms folded, under a fig tree. The Savior smiled and Zinovy returned the smile. Then he turned back to the beautiful woman before him. 
She looked up. He was drowning in the blue of her eyes when Elan’s voice finally penetrated. “Zinovy.”
“What?” 
The audience chuckled. 
“Do you, Zinovy Efimovich Kozlov, take this woman to be your wife? With God’s help, will you love, cherish and protect her? Will you comfort, support and keep her, submit to and honor her, and, forsaking all others, keep yourself for her alone as long as you both shall live?”
“Yes,” Zinovy replied, dazed still with the wonder of it all.
“No, no.” The loud whisper came from Ruben. 
Zinovy turned and looked at him. “What?”
“Not ‘yes.’ You say ‘I do.’ You don’t say ‘yes.’”
“Oh.” Zinovy turned back to his bride and said softly, “I do.”
“And do you, Sara Evelyn Coe, take this man—”
Zinovy interrupted. “That’s your name? Sara Evelyn Coe?” He savored the strange sound on his lips. “I didn’t know. It’s so simple.”
She smiled and nodded. “My grandmother was Evelyn. And my grandfather’s name was Cohen. He changed it to Coe when he moved to the States.”
A restless stirring erupted from behind the bemused couple. “Can we get on with it?” Emery said. “We’ll never make it to the city at this rate.”
“Ah, shut up, Emery. It’s a wedding for cripes sake. You’ve been away from civilization for three months and you’ve forgotten how to act at a wedding?” Simon folded his arms across his chest and said, “Go ahead Zinovy. Don’t pay any attention to these guys.”
A loud “Shhhh” came from Raheem, settling everyone. Then they listened to Sara make her promise.
In a minute it was over. In another minute the groom had almost finished kissing the bride. Caleb was running out of patience. He tugged at Zinovy’s sleeve. “Can we eat now?” he asked. 
So the ceremony ended with a laugh, softened by the tenderness of the moment, and the crowd gathered for the wedding feast. 
“It is like the first wedding feast, in the Garden of Eden,” the Savior said to Zinovy as they stood apart eating the delicacies Grace and Michelle had gathered for them.
“You were at that wedding too?” Zinovy asked, amazed.
“I am at every wedding,” the Savior replied. “It has been so since the beginning.”
Then the Lord lifted his eyes and looked past the groom to the edge of the crowd. “I must go,” he said to Zinovy. “It’s time.” And he walked over to where Elan stood talking with Charles. 
Sara came up then. Zinovy leaned down, kissed her eyelashes, curled an arm around her waist and led her over to their guests. His mother was standing with a young woman near the Savior and Elan. The woman looked up at him as they approached and smiled. Her look was neither shy nor bold, yet her eyes seemed to see clear through him. Zinovy was taken with her beauty, but the thing that struck him the most was the wisdom in her face. Sara pulled out of his arm and embraced the woman. Then she said, “Zinovy, I would like you to meet my mother.”
He should have known. The wisdom he’d seen in her face was a reflection of the simple wisdom her daughter possessed. He leaned over and kissed that wise face. Then Elan’s voice broke into the happy chatter of the crowd. The chatter stopped immediately and every eye turned at the first words that came from the bright one’s mouth. 
* * *
Elan was speaking to Charles. “Do you remember the days, long ago, when I tried to tell you about the one I had come to know as my Savior and Lord and you wouldn’t believe he existed?”
Charles’ brow furrowed. “Huh?” 
Elan went on. “Do you remember how you said, ‘I am a scientist. I believe what I see. If he is real, he can come and stand in front of me. Then I’ll believe.’ Do you remember that, Charles?”
Zinovy watched Charles’ face turn pale—saw his jaw drop.
“I told you, remember, that I’d try to arrange it.”
By now Charles was trembling. The piece of fruit he’d been eating slipped from his fingers.
“Well, it’s taken some time. But I’m finally able to accommodate your request.” Elan stepped back and drew the Bright One forward. “Charles, I’d like you to meet the King.” 
But Charles’ eyes were on Elan. “No. It’s not. It can’t be . . . ” He spoke her name as a question: “Elaine?” And then he fainted.
* * *
The eventful day drew to an end. Charles revived. Elan, or Elaine, finished the introductions and the mystery was explained to the others. 
Zinovy stood with his new wife. “How could he have not known her all this time?” 
Sara shrugged. “It’s amazing what people can’t see when their spirits are out of tune with reality,” she reminded him. 
“But it seemed Elan was a man. How did we miss that?”
“We didn’t have the eyes for it either, I guess. He, I mean she, never said she was male. We just assumed.” She frowned. “But Caleb didn’t miss it. He knew she was female.”
“What do you mean?”
“Remember when he described her to us? He said she was like a mother—like a mother with a little child.”
Zinovy remembered. “She was a mother. She had a child.” 
“Really? How do you know?”
“Charles told me. The child died. Charles was partly to blame. It was a hard thing for them both.”
Sara stood silently for a moment. “She would have had to forgive him.” Another pause. “So she knew what she was talking about.”
Zinovy turned her to him and lifted her chin with his hand. “And so do you.” He smiled. “It was good to meet your mother today.”
She smiled back, then she dropped her head on his shoulder. “I’m tired. Can we go?”
Zinovy looked around. Most of the wedding guests had returned to the city. The rest were talking together excitedly. The boys hovered over Alex whose metamorphosis had made him a celebrity. They’d consumed quite a lot of the wedding wine and they looked a little loopy. Charles, nearly recovered from his shock, but still somewhat bemused, stood with Elan who was talking to Grace and Eric. The Muellers were at the pond with the children.
“Yes, we can go. It appears they have all forgotten us.” He looked down at her. “Elan will take care of Caleb?”
She nodded. 
“Then we’ll be off.” He picked her up and headed away from the crowd.
“You don’t have to carry me,” she giggled into his neck.
“I know. But I must carry you over the threshold of our first dwelling together, and it’s a very wide threshold. Must be at least half a mile.” 
He picked his way around a living bouquet of lilies, then redirected toward the spires of palms that marked his destination in the distance.
“That’s far away. You can’t carry me all that way.”
“I am a strong man,” he boasted. “I can do it.” Then he huffed and puffed and stumbled over a clump of moss, enjoying the sound of her laughter and the feel of her breasts against his body as she clung to him more tightly.
He carried her all the way to the oasis. She crowed with delight at the ring of apple trees surrounding the quarters he’d chosen for their first night together. Once more he kissed her, savoring again the sweet flavor of her mouth. Then he carried her into the blossom- scented arbor and laid her on the mossy bed. 
That night they peeked through a crack in the gates of heaven and reveled in the sliver of glory that beamed back at them. Together, they began to learn how it was meant to be.
* * *
“I’ve brought you a friend, Caleb,” Elan said, leading a bright child to him. “This is Riley.” 
Elan turned to the newcomer. “Caleb’s been on a long journey, but it’s almost over. The King and I thought you’d enjoy knowing each other.”
Caleb studied the bright one. He is older than me. Probably ten, or maybe seven. He looked too small to be a bright one, but he wore the bright ones’ white clothes, and he stepped softly. He wasn’t just another kid, like Caleb, for sure. 
It would be fun to have a friend again. Peter and Jenna had been gone a long time—probably for three whole days. Their mommy and daddy had kept them behind to live in the oasis where Sara and Zinovy got married. And his other friends—Simon and Ruben and Emery and the rest of the boys—they had gone ahead. They were probably far away now. They were in a hurry to go to the city. The man with the shoes who had rescued him from the kidnappers on the horse had gone with them.
Here Caleb paused, remembering the sad part. The commander and Graham—they had been killed. And Alex and the orange-headed man were bright ones now. They weren’t around anymore. So now there was no one left but Grace, and she was going away too. 
She had explained it to him. “I have three boys of my own,” she’d said. “They are with their daddy, and I want to be with them. I love you, but my little boys need me and I have to go. Zinovy and Sara will be back soon and you will be with them.” Elan was taking Grace away today, and Caleb began to feel very lonesome.
Even as he stood there, studying the newcomer, Grace walked up.
“Are we ready?” she said to Elan.
The bright one nodded. “I’m taking Grace to her family now,” he said to Caleb. “I’ll be back soon. You and Riley can play together while I’m gone.”
Grace stooped and gave him a kiss on his forehead. Then Elan took her hand and they both disappeared.
For a while, Caleb watched the glittering air where they’d been. His heart shivered. It wasn’t cold, but something made him feel kind of anxious. 'Anxious' was another word he had learned from Sara. 'Anxious' and 'probably.' He knew them both now. He was growing up to be a big boy. He could almost take care of himself. All the same, he hoped Elan would come back soon. 
He turned to his new friend, the one who stood waiting quietly beside him. Neither spoke for a while. The not speaking was okay. They were just thinking thoughts without talking. But eventually Caleb’s curiosity made words come into his mouth. He looked at his companion out of the corner of his eye. “Did you die?” he asked. “Is that why you’re a bright one?”
The child nodded.
“Was it scary?”
His friend’s brow furrowed. “I guess it was. I don’t remember.”
Caleb studied the ground. “My mommy and daddy died.” 
“Did they know the King?”
“Yes, I think so.”
“Then they’re okay.” 
Caleb was silent. 
After a while the small bright one went on. “Dying is only a teensy part of living, you know. Just a minute of it. And when you know the King it’s easy. You just go into his arms.”
“Was He there when you died?”
“Yes.” 
Caleb picked a caterpillar off a nearby leaf and cradled it in the palm of his hand. He frowned. “If He was there, why didn’t He stop you from dying?”
His new friend leaned over and touched the furry insect with a soft finger. “I don’t know. Probably it was time for me to go home.” The child straightened and smiled at Caleb. “It’s okay even if you die, you know. God will save you, no matter what. You can trust Him always.”
Aslan galloped up then. Caleb reached down and captured him. “This is my pet lion,” he told the bright one. “His name is Aslan. Do you know Aslan? I mean the real Aslan—the one in the book?”
“You mean the good lion who rescued Narnia?”
“Yes.”
“He was like God, wasn’t he? Or God was like him. They were both good.”
“Yes, but they weren’t safe,” Caleb reminded him.
The two pondered this deep thought for a while. 
“Do you want to go swimming?” Caleb asked. “There’s a pool here, you know. Let’s play tag.”
He hadn’t finished talking before his companion was off running toward the pool. “Last one there is ‘it,’” the young rascal called over a bright shoulder.
“That’s no fair,” Caleb wailed. “You can run faster than I can.”
Caleb was first to reach the pool after all. He suspected his friend had slowed down on purpose, but he didn’t say anything. It didn’t matter anyway. Both of them would take turns being “it.” Taking turns was the only way to have fun when you played tag. Sara had taught him that. 
A pang of loneliness touched him, but it was gone in a minute. Riley grabbed hold of his shirttail, and he was off after the slippery creature before he had time to think of his lost loved ones again.
The two played in the pool for a long time. Finally Caleb crawled up onto the bank and the bright one followed. 
“Could we rest for a while?” Caleb said, panting. 
His friend didn’t look tired at all, but he seemed happy enough to settle down beside him. 
Caleb wriggled out a hollow in the moss that was just the size and shape of his body. “I’m going to close my eyes for a little,” he announced to his companion. And that was the last he remembered until the bad man came.




CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
When Caleb opened his eyes, a man stood over him. 
 It was the brown bad man. The one who had pulled him up onto his horse. The one who had stolen him and then killed Alex with his sword. He had the same sword in his hand right now—the long, curved one.
“Hello little one.” The bad man was smiling, but the way he smiled was very scary. 
Caleb looked around for the bright ones. Surely they would be there. But he saw none. Even Riley was gone. Caleb was alone with this big man, and he knew, deep inside, he was in danger.
At that moment Caleb remembered what his young friend had said: “God will save you no matter what. You can trust Him always.” 
“Save me, Aslan,” Caleb whispered. 
It was over so quickly. The man raised his sword. Caleb saw the smile leave his face. A hard, ugly look took its place, and he gritted his white teeth. “This is for the Russian,” he bellowed.
Instantly the bright ones were there. The tallest one grabbed the sword out of the bad man’s hand and flung it into the bushes. Then he grabbed the man by the back of the neck and both of them disappeared. 
The other bright one picked Caleb up and wrapped him in white robes and held him close, crooning away the terror, kissing the tears from his wet cheeks. Caleb buried his face in the robes and surrendered to the comfort of the sweet caress. 
God had saved him. God had sent the bright ones. “God is good,” he whispered into the breast of the one who held him so closely. 
“Yes, my darling,” she whispered back. “He is good. We can trust him always.”
* * *
Zinovy took Sara’s hand, and together they walked up the last gentle slope of the hill. At the top, they stopped and looked out over the scene before them. 
Sara pointed. “There.”
To their right, a hundred yards away, the Bedouin’s red bandana fluttered from the top of a huge olive tree—the sign that they had reached the oasis Elan said would be a day’s journey from their honeymoon home.
The bandana wasn’t necessary. Even as they spotted it, a small figure burst from the rim of palms surrounding the compound and came charging across the meadow. Zinovy smiled as he watched the boy, arms pumping, little legs covering the ground at nearly the speed of light. 
He stooped to catch the flying body as it burst upon them, the force of the contact nearly knocking him off his feet. The next moment was a tangle of arms and legs and laughter as the boy re-established his claim on the property that had been lost to him for the last five days.
“Come,” the boy gasped when the first flurry of excitement was over. “I have to show you something. You can’t ever guess what I found.”
He tugged at their hands, hurrying them on their way toward the bandana-bedecked tree at the edge of the oasis. They arrived out of breath—Zinovy and Sara from the exertion of running and Caleb from the exertion of incessant talking.
Zinovy had expected Elan to meet them. He looked among the trees, but no one was in sight. “Where’s—” 
“Here,” Caleb said. “See what I found? I found my mommy and daddy. Isn’t that so good?”
Zinovy blinked. Before him stood two bright ones. The taller one held out his hand. “It’s good to meet you. We were with you off and on along the way, but of course we were never introduced. I’m Tyler. This is Olivia.”
“Oh,” Caleb said. “I almost forgot the other surprise. I’ll be right back.” He tugged his hand from his mother’s and ran off.
“You were with us?” Sara repeated. “Did Caleb see you?”
“We were among the crowd of beings he saw as bright ones. He didn’t recognize us.”
“You were caring for him, then?” Zinovy asked. “But why didn’t you show yourself to him? It would have been so much easier.” He thought of the times the child had cried with loneliness. 
“We needed to wait.”
“You watched him grieve? How could you . . . ” Sara stopped. “I mean . . . ” 
Olivia smiled. “It was hard for me, even for such a short time. I’ve felt the same before, in the old life, when I’ve taken him to the doctor for a shot. You know it’s going to hurt, but you also know the pain is necessary.”
“How could pain be necessary for a child?” Zinovy asked. “That’s cruel.”
Tyler looked across the green toward Caleb running toward them with his bright friend in tow. “Look at him,” he said. “Do you see his happiness? The pain is over for him. He’s already forgotten. And he’s stronger now than he would have been if he hadn’t experienced it.”
He turned to Zinovy as Caleb came charging to a standstill in front of them. “Caleb had his own journey to make. We weren’t allowed to hinder that process. His faith has been tested. Now we can be together again.”
“Look.” Caleb grabbed Zinovy’s hand and looked up into his face. “I’ve got a new buddy. This is Riley. Riley fooled me, just like Elan fooled you.” Here he chuckled. “I thought Riley was a boy, but he wasn’t. He was a girl when he was alive. Did you want to know something?” He went on, not waiting for an answer. “Riley was Charles and Elan’s little girl. She got killed, but now she’s a bright one. Isn’t that funny?”
Zinovy stood staring as Caleb ran off again with Riley. 
Tyler’s voice broke into Zinovy’s amazement. “We need your help,” he said. “He’ll need the care of mortal parents in the City. We have assignments to do for the King. We’d appreciate it if you could continue the care you’ve been giving him on the journey, especially when we’re away.”
“You were so good to him—both of you,” Olivia said. “My heart was warmed by your compassion.”
“Our hearts were warmed,” Sara said. “Caleb was an important part of our journey, as well.” She looked up at Zinovy, then answered for both of them. “We’ll be happy to have him in our family.”
* * *
One day of rest—playing and enjoying each other’s company—then it was time to move on. Tyler and Olivia said good-bye to their little one. Riley disappeared on some errand of her own. Zinovy leaned against a palm at the edge of the oasis, waiting for Sara and Caleb to finish one last swim in the pool.
Breathing deeply of the sweet scented air, he studied the lower hills and valleys of flowered terrain stretching away from them toward the city, gauging the distance. About ten miles, he judged, give or take a couple. The city sat on a broad plateau, clearly visible even at that distance. Light streamed into the heavens from the brightness of the walls that gleamed white against the iridescent beauty of the mountain sky. 
Zinovy could even hear the music. The low hum of happiness that had settled in his own soul mingled with the faint sounds of the city and the ever-present birdsong in a symphony of joy that reverberated through the spice-laden air around them.
As he watched, a lone figure emerged from a neighboring oasis a hundred yards to the east and stopped to stare, as Zinovy had, at the city. It was a mortal, Zinovy was sure. Strange. People didn’t travel alone in this new world. 
He stood for a minute, wondering if he should approach the newcomer. Something about the stance of the man disturbed him. Nothing he could identify. An instinct only. Before he could decide, the man turned and caught sight of him, stepped back a few feet and stopped, waiting with the same sense of hesitancy. 
Zinovy glanced back to see that Sara and Caleb were still in the pool, then he moved through the knee-high greenery toward the lone figure, taking his time, still wrestling with an uneasy feeling, trying to classify the category of caution. The other man watched him come, making no move to shorten the distance between them. 
Thirty feet from his target, Zinovy’s caution exploded into a full-fledged surge of blood-red revulsion. A breathless moment passed while he paused, struggling for control. Then he moved forward, compelled almost against his will to see this face at close range. He came to a stop ten feet away. 
The other man blanched, and swallowed convulsively. “Zinovy.” he said, “You are alive.” The contours of the man’s face rose and fell, registering a range of emotions, one after another, tumbling over each other, until finally the face crumpled, and the eyes filled with tears. “Thank God.” He swiped at his face with the back of his hand. “Thank God. That is one less. . .”
He straightened and narrowed his eyes, suspicion and fear struggling for supremacy in his gaze. He waited. When Zinovy said nothing, he spoke again, as if to himself: “How? You were in space. There is no way.” 
“Anton.” Zinovy’s mind raced. “You would have been at the SS base when it happened. You’ve traveled far. Did you travel with friends?” 
A slight shake of the head. “I had no friends. No friends at all in the old life, and I have made none in my travels.” He looked at the ground. “Except for . . . ” 
The man seemed unable to finish a sentence, but his face had taken on a softer look, as if he were seeing beyond, or remembering. He looked up again. “There was one man, a man with scars on his wrists.”
Zinovy stiffened. 
“He met me along the way, and we walked.” Here Anton broke down, put his face in his hands, and wept openly. Finally, he raised his head, avoiding Zinovy’s eyes. “I have never known such a person.” He shook his head, and his face crumpled again, but he held the tears in check. “If I had known, I would have lived differently.” He looked straight at Zinovy. “I cannot believe the things I have done.” Then more softly, “I cannot believe the things He has forgiven.” 
He paused, studying Zinovy’s face. 
Time stood still. Zinovy’s body tingled as images from the past rolled over him in waves of mind-numbing emotion. Every bloody anguish he had suffered—every enemy he’d confronted—was exemplified in this man. Groaning, Zinovy struggled with the memories, until he came to the last one. 
One final image flooded Zinovy’s heart and, for the first time in his life, the blood held no horror. He saw the man bleeding on the Cross. Saw Him reach out to hold his hand. Saw Him reach out to Anton as well. 
Sara spoke at his elbow and Zinovy started. He glanced down at her and his world again came into focus.
“Who have you met, Zinovy?” she asked, glancing at the newcomer with a smile.
Zinovy looked from one to the other. One long moment passed. Finally he said, “Anton, this is my wife, Sara.” He reached behind her and drew Caleb to his side. “And this is our son, Caleb.” He looked down at his new family. “Sara, Caleb, this is Anton Vasiliev. My friend.” 
Tears formed again in Anton’s eyes.
Zinovy drew Sara into the crook of his arm. “Anton, we’re going to the City today. If you like, you can walk with us.”
A pause while Anton regained his composure. Then he said, his voice breaking, “I would be honored, if you would allow me.”


* * *

Dedication

To my Father,

Walter Fred Saumert,
December 21, 1912-December 22, 1953

He walked with God for 41 years
on this earth 
and now walks with Him in heaven.


To other Zinovys
who might be reading this book.
I pray you will discover the meaning of your name.


And to the Author of Life,
who wrote this book’s message
in His own blood;

Who nailed it to a tree
and left it where I could find it;

To Him I give abundant thanks 
and all the credit for any
Truth or Beauty
this book may contain.

***


The Journey Continues
For more information on Zinovy's Journey, including a list of characters, background on the writing of the book, deleted scenes, and a discussion of themes and symbols, please visit the website at http://www.zinovysjourney.com
The author's notes and acknowledgements are also on the website under 
"About the Novel" -- "History of the Writing." 

Your comments and questions are welcome.
Feel free to e-mail the author at: mailto:ginny.jaques@zinovysjourney.com

Thank you for choosing to read this book.









