Zombie!
Origins



Memoir of Doctor Sanjay Reddy













Zombie Origin Media






































© 2017 Dork, Dough Girl, & Lil’ Dicky

All rights for me!

















In loving memory of the
Choadasaurus Rex
which went extinct by pooping too hard

CHAPTERS

1 Rataroni Genus Project
2 Hungrysaurus Rex
3 Diarrhea Expedition
4 Human Dodo Bird
5 Mini Space Adventure
6 Biological Tickory Tocker
7 Reese’s Pieces Monkey
8 Ain’t Jemima
9 Ratatouille Hoagie
10 Supernova of Galactic Stupidity
11 Dino Personality Disorder
12 Professor Booger Eater
13 Garra Rufa Shampoo Sale
14 Choadasaurus Galore
15 Alphabet Soup Viruses
16 Top Secret Nerd Convention
17 Indian Bald Eagle
18 Big Boy Playdate
19 Cybernetic Frankenstein
20 Boogie Gusher Snacks
21 Bed Chamber Emergency
22 Poopy Virus Funds
23 Pre-Teen Terminator
24 Robo Nerd Defense Force
25 Necrozoic Park Experience
26 Emergency Gameshow Hotline
27 Duel of Alpha Manliness
28 Operation Cheez Doodle
29 Incredible Gecko-Man
30 Medieval Drag Queen
31 Cannibalistic Munchies
32 Easy-Peasy Extraction
33 Trigger Happy Madwoman
34 Ignoramus Road Trip

1
Rataroni Genus Project

“Life and death,” warned Doctor Albrecht, looming over the desk in my office.
“Life and death?” I asked, raising an eyebrow.  “For who?  You?  Me?”
“The children,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “If we lose our funding, this whole lab gets shut down.  And all those sick little children?  They die.”
“The whole Lab?” I asked, completely confused.  “I thought Grey Biomedical Research only funded ten percent of our budget?”
“I’m not talking about Doctor Wacky and the rest of the nonsense that passes for science around this Lab,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “I’m talking about my work.  The work I’ve done my entire life.  We need to show GBR progress.  Convince them that we’re close to a final genome for human trials.  Or else the funding for my entire life’s work at this university gets cut off just as we’re about to make our biomedical breakthrough.”
“I understand, Doctor,” I said, showing him my stack of notes.  “I’ve been reviewing my notes every day for the past week.  I know every gene of the sequence like the back of my hand.  Hey, where’d that freckle come from?”
“That’s the problem,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Liam Grey isn’t like his father.  He doesn’t even have a PhD.  His last experience with science was freshman biology back in high school.”
“And?”
“He failed,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Liam Grey is an idiot.  A giant dimwitted child.  You need to take that entire stack of notes you have there, and dumb it down.  Probably to a fifth grade level.  Otherwise, our groundbreaking biomedical developments are gonna fly right over Liam’s head.  And you know how Doctor Grey thinks his son is some kind of genius.  I’m warning you, if you can’t get Liam to relay any of our progress on HDNARV back to Doctor Grey with some level of competency, GBR is gonna conclude we have no idea what we’re doing down here, and they’re gonna cut us loose in a heartbeat.  And without a finalized sequence, we don’t have a backup plan when that heartbeat stops.”
“Do you want me to just call Doctor Grey?” I asked.  “Maybe I can—”
“No,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “You need to welcome Liam to our Lab like the genius William believes his son to be.  And we need to show him respect for the ten years of doctorate training he skipped.  If word gets back to Doctor Grey that we think his son is an idiot, we’ll never do business with GBR again.”
“Okay,” I said, going through my desk drawers.  “I’m sure I can find some crayons in one of the labs.  I’ll just draw a couple diagrams and illustrate the whole thing out for the moron.”
“Perfect,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Maybe you can even get your intern to help you out?”
“My intern?”
“That kid you have following you around everywhere?”
“No,” I said nervously.  “I’m keeping Raj as far away from this guy as possible.  The last thing I need—” 
“Hey, Proffy,” whispered Rajaroni, popping just his head into my office.
“The last thing?” said Doctor Albrecht, asking me to continue, oblivious to the intern peeking into my office.
“Sorry,” I said, trying to continue.
“Yo, Proffy,” whispered Rajaroni.  “You have a minute?”
“Remember,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “We need this relationship with Grey Biomedical Research.  No one else is interested in our work, and no one else has the money to risk on a project of this magnitude.”
“Proffy,” whispered Rajaroni.  “Do you have my little letteroni?”
“Oh my god,” I cringed, ready to explode as my intern added to my level of anxiety.
“Just take a deep breath,” said Doctor Albrecht, still oblivious to the intern standing right behind him.  “You need to be at the top of your game today.  The entire HDNARV project is counting on you.”
“Proffy, you busy?” whispered Rajaroni.
“Oh my god, Raj,” I whined, pulling out my hair.
“Proffy?”
“Yes!” I exploded.  “I am busy!  Now will you please get the hell out of my office!”
“Uh?” said Doctor Albrecht in shock.
“Sorry, Doctor,” I said, trying to calm down.
“Did I miss something?”
“Raj,” I said annoyed.  “What the hell are you doing?”
“It’s alright, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, fully entering my office now that his cover was blown.  “If you’re busy I’ll come back later.”
“Remember,” said Doctor Albrecht before leaving my office.  “Top of your game.”
“Seriously, Raj,” I said, now all alone with my intern.  “What could possibly be so important that you need to interrupt me with Doctor Albrecht?”
“He really strung you out there, didn’t he?” laughed Rajaroni.  “What’d you do this time to get him so mad?”
“He wasn’t mad at me!”
“It’s okay,” said Rajaroni.  “We all mess up once in a while.  But the key is to hide the mess so your boss doesn’t find out.”
“What do you want, Raj?” I said, trying to get rid of my intern.
“The letteroni.”
“The what?”
“You know,” said Rajaroni.  “My little letteroni of recommendation?”
“Your letter of recommendation?”
“Yeah, you got it?” smiled Rajaroni, looking around my desk.  “You put a good word in for me, right?”
“I didn’t do your letter yet,” I said.  “I’ve got other stuff to worry about right now.”
“Proffy,” whined Rajaroni.  “Come on, Proffy.  I need that letteroni to complete my application for the master’s degree program by the end of the week.  Your girlfriend already submitted hers.  If I don’t get your letteroni in on time, the University won’t let me continue my education at this fine institution.  And then who’s gonna be your internaroni next year?  I’m irreplaceable.  Four weeks of learning on the job, and I’m almost as smart as Doctor Albrecht.”
“You gotta be kidding me,” I said, rolling my eyes.  “Just ask me tomorrow, Raj.  The guy’s coming today, and I need to get him up to speed before the conference tonight.”
“The conference that’s gonna be upstairs?” asked Rajaroni with a big smile.  “With all the sciencey people and millionaires?”
“Please tell me you weren’t invited.”
“Your girlfriend invited me.”
“And you said no?” I asked, praying for a miracle.
“Proffy,” laughed Rajaroni.  “They’re having spaghetti.  What do you think?”
“Miwa,” I whined, crying into my hands.  “What were you thinking, Miwa?”
“You know, you sure do talk to yourself a lot, Proffy.”
“Out of my office,” I said, walking my intern to the door.  “Go!  I gotta get ready.  The guy’s gonna be here by ten.”
“I’m free all day, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “Just say the word and I’m at your service.”
“Please, can’t you just take the day off?”
“Shh,” hushed Rajaroni as we stood facing each other in the hallway.  “Your girlfriend’s coming.”
“Miwa?” I gasped, trying not to make it obvious that I was looking over my shoulder.  “Quick, how do I look?”
“You gotta fix your hair,” said Rajaroni, licking his thumb before reaching out to my forehead.  “You can’t have your locks hanging all over the place—”
“Ugh!” I cried, fighting off the intern’s disgusting hands to avoid being touched by his saliva.  “Get your slimy fingers off of me, you weirdo!”
“Quick,” whispered Rajaroni with his hands molesting my face.  “She’s coming.”
“Raj!” I shrieked.
“Cat fighting with your intern again?” said Miwa Ling, the love of my life.
“No,” I said, standing up straight to look more manly.
“Every time I pass by your office, you’re always physically assaulting your intern.  Seriously, did you sleep through harassment training?  Or do you just have anger management issues?  Because I can call Miss Gropes.  Let her know that in addition to sexual harassment, you also seem to have a violence problem you can’t keep under control.”
“Come on,” I smiled, resting one hand on the wall to look cool.  “You know you love me.”
“What’d I tell you?” warned Miwa.
“So, Miwa,” I flirted.  “What are you doing tonight?”
“Uh, the conference,” said Miwa.  “Duh.”
“Oh, that’s right,” I said, trying to rebound.  “So what are you doing tomorrow night?”
“You really don’t get it, do you?”
“Come on, Miwa,” I pleaded.  “Why won’t you just go on one little date with me?”
“Sanjay,” said Miwa bluntly.  “Do you want me to file a complaint with HR again?”
“Again?” I gasped.  “Oh, wait, you’re talking about our little slap incident last year where they couldn’t find enough proof to put anything in my HR file?”
“No,” said Miwa.  “I’m talking about our little slap incident last night.  And this time I have your intern as a witness.”
“Miwa!” I whined.  “You seriously went to HR again?”
“I warned you about slapping my—”
“Miwa,” I pleaded, dropping down to my knees.  “Please, you have to retract the complaint.  I’m up for tenure this year.  Tenure!”
“Sorry,” said Miwa.  “Try explaining yourself out of this one with Miss Gropes.”
“Miss Gropes?” I gasped.  “Miwa, why?  Why do you do this to me, Miwa?”
“Well I gotta get back to work,” said Miwa, continuing towards the Animal Testing Lab.
“Doctor Ling,” I pleaded, chasing Miwa down the hall with a more professional demeanor.  “So maybe we had a little misunderstanding.  You know, the results came back better than expected last night, and we were kind of hitting it off.”
“So you thought then would be a great time to slap my—”
“Yes!” I cried.  “I mean no!  It was an accident.  A reflex.  All just one big misunderstanding.  Merely an accidental groping.  Definitely not to the level of sexual harassment.  So maybe you can go ahead and retract that little complaint before anything real bad goes into my file?”
“Sorry,” said Miwa.  “Miss Gropes said she’d call you in the morning, so you better start thinking about what you’re gonna say.”
“Miwa,” I whined, ditching my professional act.  “Why do you hate me?”
“I think I hear your phone ringing,” said Miwa, pointing down the hallway.
“Oh crap!” I gasped, sprinting back to my office.  “Outta my way!”
“So how’d it go with your girlfriend?” asked Rajaroni, nonchalantly hanging around outside my office.
“Move!” I warned, diving over my desk to answer the phone.
Ring!  Ring!  Ring!
“Miss Gropes!” I answered, trying to come up with an explanation fast enough to keep up with the words spewing out of my mouth.  “Okay, so I just spoke with Doctor Ling.  She said the whole thing was just one big misunderstanding, and she wants to retract her sexual harassment complaint—”
“Doctor Reddy?” said Doctor Albrecht.
“Doctor Albrecht?” I replied.  “Oh, do you need me for something?”
“You seemed a bit stressed earlier,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “I thought I’d give you a call just to let you know that you’ve been doing a great job these past few years, and that I really appreciate all your help on this project—”
“Thank you, Doctor—”
“But now I can see your level of stress has risen far beyond the point where anything I say could make a difference.  So if there comes a time where you think you might need counseling to help get your stress under control, I just want you to know that everyone on our team supports you and we all just want the best for you.”
“That’s okay, Doctor Albrecht,” I laughed, trying to hide my stress.  “Just a little mix up with all the phone calls I’m getting today.  I assure you, I’ve got a handle on everything over here on my end.”
“That’s good to hear,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Because not that you need reminding, but I need you to remember that your meeting with Liam Grey today is probably the most important moment of your entire life.  Your success or failure today will not only determine the future of your career, but may well put an end to my entire life’s work.  Not to mention the countless children who are depending on the biomedical breakthrough we are so close to achieving.”
“Thanks, Doctor,” I said before hanging up the phone.
Ring!  Ring!  Ring!
“Miss Gropes!” I answered, picking up my next call.  “Good morning!  I just spoke with Doctor Ling—”
“Sanjay?” said Doctor Fetzer.
“Doctor Fetzer?” I replied.  “Oh, sorry, Doctor Fetzer.  I thought you were someone else.”
“No, my apologies,” said Doctor Fetzer before hanging up.  “I’ll talk to you later.  I know you’re very busy today.”
“What a day,” I said after hanging up the phone.  “Well, twenty more minutes until game time.  And honestly, I don’t know how I’m supposed to do this.  Dumb it down?  To a fifth grade level?  The greatest biomedical development in the entire history of the human race?  Do I really need to use crayons?”
“Hey, Proffy,” whispered Rajaroni, popping his head into my office.  “You busy?”
“Yes, Raj,” I sighed.  “I’m busy.”
“You don’t look busy,” said Rajaroni, moseying into my office.
“How do I not look busy?”
“You’re just sitting there not doing anything.”
“I’m waiting for the call from HR,” I said.  “I’m up for tenure at the end of the semester, and I can’t have any sexual harassment episodes documented in my file or else I’m gonna be out on the street.”
“So you’re just gonna sit here and wait for your phone to ring?” asked Rajaroni.  “Perfect!”
“How is this perfect?”
“Now you’ve got time to write up that little letteroni for me.”
“Raj, I’m not writing your letter of recommendation today,” I said, taking a deep breath.  “My schedule is overloaded.  First I gotta talk my way out of a sexual harassment complaint with Miss Gropes.  Then I need to explain the greatest biomedical development in the history of mankind to a moron.  Then I need to make my presentation tonight to an audience full of business people.  And finally, I need to figure out how to get Miwa Ling to fall in love with me.”
“Don’t forget your Virology 101 class at ten thirty.”
“Son of a—!”
“No cursing!” warned Rajaroni, pointing his finger to stop me just in time.
“Then why are you down here?” I asked.  “Shouldn’t you be getting up to class?”
“There’s nothing better than lab cheese for breakfast.”
“You eat the lab cheese?”
“Not for me,” laughed Rajaroni, pulling a rat out of his pocket.  “For this little guy.”
“Holy crap!” I gasped as Rajaroni let his rat loose on my desk.  “Dude!  Why the hell is your rat so fat?”
“Hey, you’re a poet and you didn’t even know it.”
“What?”
“Let me lay down a beat for you, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, starting to beatbox.  “Why’s yo rat so fat?  Because yo mama’s fat!  Ho!”
“Raj, shut up,” I said, moving my important papers away from the rat crawling on my desk.  “You know the whole frick’n Lab can hear you?”
“Look out, Kanye!” shouted Rajaroni.  “There’s a new rapper in town!  Proffy’s got the rhymes!  And Proffy didn’t do no time!”
“Raj, can you get your damn rat off my notes please?”
“Come on, Giuseppe,” said Rajaroni, retrieving his rat.  “Back into your pocket for now.”
“Giuseppe?” I asked.
“Giuseppe Gustavo,” said Rajaroni, stroking the rat’s belly.  “Actually, Doctor Giuseppe Gustavo.  Visiting professor from the University of Bologna in Italy.  I ordered a couple lab rats with above average intelligence to test my research and get a head start on my dissertation.  And together, Giuseppe and I are gonna change the world for the rataroni people!”
“The who?”
“And boy does this chubby little guy love spaghetti,” said Rajaroni, tickling the rat’s belly.  “Don’tchya, little buddy?”
“Hee!  Hee!  Hee!” giggled Giuseppe.
“Whoa!” I gasped.  “Since when do rats know how to laugh?”
“Excellent question, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, prepared to give an entire presentation.  “My work on the Rataroni Genus Project began—”
“Okay, I’ve got stuff to do,” I said, getting annoyed.  “Can I get back to work now please?”
“Ooh, what are we working on?” asked Rajaroni, taking a seat in front of my desk.  “Reviewing test results?  Conducting research?  Engaging in hypothetical thought experiments?”
“I already told you, I’m meeting with Liam Grey from Grey Biomedical Research in like fifteen minutes.”
“Sounds important.”
“Yes!” I cried.  “Very important!  Do you understand who this guy is?”
“Okay, I’m gonna guess . . . Gandhi?” said Rajaroni.  “But I think I might be wrong.”
“What?” I snapped.  “Who the hell told you he was Gandhi?”
“I don’t know,” shrugged Rajaroni.  “Is he Jesus?”
“Jesus Christ, Raj!”
“Really?” laughed Rajaroni.  “The one and only?”
“No!” I cried.  “I just told you his name is Liam Grey!”
“Oh, that’s right, Proffy.  So this Liam guy . . . ?”
“His father?  Doctor William Grey?  Renowned biologist?  Founder of Grey Biomedical Research?  Sponsor of our retrovirus program?  The source of all our funding?  Ringing any bells?”
“The guy actually rings any bell?”
“No!” I cried, pulling out my hair.  “Is this ringing any bells for you!”
“Should it be?” asked Rajaroni.
“I told you like three times about today!  Liam Grey is coming in like ten minutes.  Doctor Albrecht put me in charge of showing Liam around the Lab, and explaining the entire genomic sequence we produced so far on the Human Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis Retrovirus project.  And I need to convince him that our results are promising so GBR continues to fund our program so we can finalize a virus for human trials.”
“It’s coming back to me,” said Rajaroni.  “But just to be sure, you’re talking about the virus that we’ve been working on every day for the past month, right?”
“Yes!” I cried.  “I’m talking about the virus!  The one I’ve been working on for the past ten years!  What the hell else would I be talking about?”
“So what do you need me to do, Proffy?”
“I need you to stay the hell out of my frick’n way!”
“What about those binders?” asked Rajaroni.
“What binders?” I asked.
“The ones you asked me to put together about our little retrovirus thingymabob for the conference tonight?”
“Those binders?” I gasped.  “You didn’t finish those binders?”
“So should I be doing those binders, or is that no longer necessary?”
“Yes!” I cried.  “Please, finish the frick’n binders!”
“Okey dokey, Proffy,” said Rajaroni before leaving my office.  “I’ll get those done lickity split right after class.”
“This is gonna be a disaster,” I sighed, closing my eyes.
Ring!  Ring!  Ring!
“Miss Gropes!” I panicked, answering my phone.  “Good morning—”
“No,” said Miwa.  “This is Doctor Ling.”
“Are you with Miss Gropes?”
“What?”
“Are you on speaker?” I asked.  “Okay, so let me try to explain myself—”
“Sanjay,” said Miwa.  “I think your guy’s here.”
“Liam Grey?”
“Mike just saw some rich kid pull up with a chauffeur.”
“I gotta go!” I said, racing upstairs to meet the VIP.

2
Hungrysaurus Rex

“Are you the scientist?” asked Liam Grey, grabbing a student at the front entrance to the Biomedical Center.
“No,” said Caleb before shrugging away from the jacked millionaire.
“Are you the scientist?” asked Liam, getting the attention of another student.
“Who?” said Kimberly.
“Scientist?” said Liam.  “Big brainiac guy?  Knows stuff?”
“I’m a girl.”
“Ooh-ooh aah-aah!” laughed Liam, making obnoxious monkey sounds.
“Ahhh!” shrieked Kimberly before running for her life.
“Watch it, creep!” warned Caleb.
“She thinks she’s a gorilla,” laughed Liam.
“She said girl, weirdo!”
“Watch out, guys,” I said, pushing my way through the front entrance as the morning crew of students swarmed into the building.
“Are you the scientist?” asked Liam, touching every student who passed by.  “Are you the scientist?  Are you the scientist?”
“Mister Grey?” I said, trying to get Liam’s attention.  “Mister Grey, I’m Doctor—”
“Kumar!” smiled Liam, racing over to greet me with a hug.
“Oh crap,” I gasped as the jacked bonehead squeezed me with his muscular arms.
“I knew I’d find you,” sobbed Liam, resting his head on my shoulder.  “Look everyone!  It’s me and my best bud Kumar!”
“Uh . . . I think we may have a misunderstanding.”
“I’m just kidding,” laughed Liam.  “Do you get it?”
“Mister Grey?” I asked to make sure I had the right guy.
“Kumar?” said Liam.  “From Harold and Kumar?  Because you’re Indian?”
“Oh my god,” I sighed, realizing this was gonna be way worse than I was warned about.  “It is an honor to finally meet you, Mister Grey.  My name is Doctor Reddy, and I hope you find your visit to the Biomedical Research Laboratory at the Pacific Coast University of Science and Technology—”
“Doctor?” laughed Liam.  “Don’t tell me you got duped into going to school just for a little title.”
“Yes,” I sighed.  “I got duped into going to school, and now I am a doctor.  If it makes you any more comfortable, you can feel free to just call me Sanjay.”
“Sanjay boy,” smiled Liam, roughing me up on the shoulder.  “Liam and Sanjay gonna learn some science today.”
“Would you like to see the Lab?” I asked, leading my guest into the lobby of the Biomedical Center.
“Should I close my eyes?” asked Liam.  “Make it like a surprise?”
“Or you can keep your eyes open,” I said as Liam blindly followed my voice.  “So you don’t trip over anything.  And so I can give you a tour of the Center, and you can actually see where we’re going.”
“That’s actually a good idea,” said Liam, opening his eyes.  “They must teach you guys good in doctor school.  You know, that must be why daddy’s so smart.  By the way, how long does that kind of education take?  Something I can do real quick on the weekend maybe?  Get another degree under my belt?”
“Seven years,” I said, remembering all my hard work.  “To become a physician-scientist with an MD and PhD, it took me seven years of strenuous medical and scientific training after university until I was fully admitted as a clinical scientist in the Lab.”
“Oh, that’s not so bad,” said Liam.  “Only one more year than college.”
“Where’d you go to college?”
“Gulden State University!” cheered Liam proudly in the middle of the lobby.  “Full football scholarship!  Go!  Go!  Gulden Warriors!  You’re going down by the spicy brown!  Up your nose, you’re gonna sneeze!  So you better watch out, Grey Poupon!  Because if you challenge us, you’re getting pooped on!”
“Holy crap!” I gasped as everyone in the lobby stared in shock.  “What the hell was that?”
“Pre-game war cry,” said Liam, getting into game stance.  “I made it up myself.  Best six years of my life.”
“I don’t know what to say.”
“You say hoorah!”
“Shut up!” shouted Caleb from the second floor balcony overlooking the lobby.  “Some of us are trying to study!”
“You wanna go!” shouted Liam, ready for a fight.  “I had two dozen eggs for breakfast!  Raw!”
“Let me show you the Lab,” I said, leading my guest through the lobby.
“Speaking of eggs, I’m kind of getting hungry.”
“It’s ten o’clock.”
“You gotta eat every two hours, on the dot,” said Liam.  “Otherwise your muscles wither away, leaving you looking like your average wimp.  And I think I’m coming up on a refueling.”
“Can you wait until ten thirty?”
“Ten thirty-two,” said Liam, checking his digital watch.  “Exactly.  Not a minute sooner or later.”
“Okay,” I said.  “How about I show you the Lab?  Then I’ll bring you up to the cafeteria on the second floor?  And then we continue the tour at eleven thirty?”
“Bingo!”
“Huh?” I said.  “Okay, so in case you haven’t figured it out yet, we are now in the Biomedical Center.”
“We are?” asked Liam, getting nervous.  “When did that happen?  Where were we before?  What’s happening to me!”
“No, it’s been the Biomedical Center the whole time.  I’m just saying—”
“Gotchya!” laughed Liam.
“Oh my god,” I sighed.  “We are in the Biomedical Center, Mister Grey.  Entrances are at the big glass wall behind you where we came in from.  And this is the lobby.”
“I think I got that, Sanjay.”
“The sets of stairs on the left and right go up to the second floor.  Two separate wings.  East and west. And there are elevators straight ahead that you can take all the way up to the sixth floor.”
“What’s on the sixth floor?” asked Liam.
“Classrooms and a couple offices—”
“Classrooms?” laughed Liam.  “Hey, I’m not here to learn, Doctor Sanjay.”
“Yes you are,” I said, correcting the moron.  “I’m supposed to show you our progress on HDNARV so your father’s company can continue funding our work.”
“Bingo!” said Liam, shooting me with his finger pistol.  “Hey, is that a running track on the second floor?”
“No, that would be a walkway,” I said, referring to the elevated walkway around the lobby.  “So the students can get from the west side to the east side of the second floor without having to go down the stairs on one side of the lobby and up the stairs on the other side.”
“You got a gym up there too?” asked Liam.
“A gym?  No, we do not have gym, Mister Grey.  The cafeteria is on the west side of the second floor.  And the library and conference room are on the east side.”
“One second, Doc,” said Liam, sucking on his index finger.  “West is—”
“I believe that is for wind,” I said as Liam held his slobbery finger out to gauge directions.  “West is the left side.”
“Is west always left?”
“For today’s purposes, west is left,” I said.  “If you look at the elevators straight ahead, west is on the left.”
“Got it, Sanjay,” said Liam.  “West is left.  Left is cafeteria.  Cafeteria is food.”
“Bingo.”
“Yeah!” sung Liam.  “You’re catching on, Sanjay.”
“How about we see the Lab?” I said, leading the idiot to the left side of the lobby.  “The Lab is downstairs in the basement.”
“No way,” said Liam, stopping frozen in front of the west side doors to the Lab.
“Yes way?”
“Look at this,” laughed Liam in amazement as we stood between the two staircases on the west side of the lobby.  “Your architect must’ve been snorting something crazy.  Why are there two sets of stairs on each side of the lobby?”
“For symmetry?”
“This is awesome!” said Liam.  “The two stairs make like a little tunnel to the doors for the Lab.  But there’s no roof above the tunnel.  Only sides!  The sides of the two stairs make the tunnel!  And even cooler, both of the stairs lead to the exact same place.  The second floor!  It’s like I can walk up one staircase, or I can walk up the other staircase, and still get to the cafeteria.  Or I can walk up one staircase, and then down the other staircase, and then up the first staircase again, and continue forever in a never ending circle.  Or I can stop walking up and down the stairs, and then go through the tunnel and go downstairs!”
“Does this actually amaze you?”
“I’m getting ideas, Sanjay,” said Liam, looking around the lobby.  “For my post second meal workout, I’ll start off with a couple laps around the elevated track, and then, to cool down, I’ll do a couple sprints up and down this awesome stair loop.”
“This isn’t even the exciting part of the tour.”
“Do you have a locker room?” asked Liam.
“This is the Biomedical Center,” I said bluntly.  “So no, Mister Grey.  We do not have a locker room.”
“Shower?”
“Excuse me?”
“I’m gonna be pretty sweaty after my workout,” said Liam, smelling his armpit.  “I could definitely use a shower.”
“Decontamination?” I offered.  “You can shower in the decontamination shower?”
“Bingo!”
“Okay then,” I said, continuing through the little tunnel between the two west staircases.  “Through these metal doors are the stairs to get downstairs into the Lab.  Now this can get a little confusing, but all you need to remember is the number eight.”
“As in seven ate nine?” asked Liam.
“Good enough,” I said, leading the way downstairs and into the basement lab.  “Now imagine the number eight sideways.”
“Boobs,” giggled Liam, groping the air with both hands.  “Got it, Sanjay.”
“A square eight,” I said at the bottom of the stairs.  “Like on your digital watch.  This is the west hall.  The left side of the eight.  There are offices and small labs all along the outside of the eight.  And then there are four big labs inside the eight.”
“Got it, Sanjay,” said Liam.  “The big labs got eaten up.”
“Let’s go down this way,” I said, turning right down the west hallway so we were walking north.  “My office is in the north-west corner of the Lab.  The top left of the sideways eight.”
“I’m starting to get confused, Doctor Sanjay.”
“That’s all you need to know,” I said, stopping outside my office.  “Besides that, the Animal Testing Lab where we conduct our experiments is literally straight down this hallway at the inner south-west corner.  So all you need to do is stay in the west hallway.  And there’s a staircase right in the middle of the hallway that will get you back upstairs to the lobby.”
“Okay, now you really lost me, Doctor Sanjay.”
“If you get lost, just remember the sideways eight.  There’s the short west hall, the long north hall, the short east hall, and the long south hall.  Big rectangle.  And then in the middle there’s the center hallway that bisects the Lab to connect the north and south hallways.”
“And that’s where you do the dissection?”
“No, that’s the lounge,” I said.  “The center hallway has some sofas and vending machines in case you need to relax.”
“Coolio,” said Liam.
“So if you get lost, just remember the short hallways are the east and west.  The left and right side of the sideways eight.  And there’s a staircase on both the east and west side leading upstairs to your cool little tunnel.  The whole place is like a mirror.  Exactly the same on the east and west side, and it all gets you back to the same place.”
“And that is?”
“The lobby,” I said.  “Stairs get you to the lobby.  Lobby gets you upstairs to the cafeteria.  Cafeteria gets you to the food.”
“Full service?” asked Liam.
“Self-service,” I said.  “Five bucks, all you can eat.”
“Best news all day,” said Liam, looking around.  “So where the heck are we now?”
“This is my office,” I said, standing in the door frame.  “North-west corner of the Lab.”
“Okay, now I’m a smart guy,” said Liam.  “But just in case I get lost, do you have a map?”
“There’s maps posted on all the walls.”
“Okay, and now let’s assume I’m not the greatest reader?”
“The map is a picture,” I said, trying to figure out what the hell was wrong with the moron.
“Can I call MapQuest?” asked Liam.
“There’s no cell phone reception in the Lab.”
“Then how am I gonna call MapQuest?”
“You can use the phone in my office,” I started saying.  “It’s connected to a landline . . . wait, why are you calling MapQuest?”
“Directions, Sanjay,” said Liam.  “I use MapQuest for everything.  Forgot how to find daddy’s office?  MapQuest.  Need two dozen raw eggs?  MapQuest.  Can’t find my boxers under my bed?  You guessed it . . . MapQuest!”
“We don’t have MapQuest for the Lab, Mister Grey.”
“You gotta get MapQuest,” said Liam.  “You can’t beat it.  I tried this morning.  I told my driver no GPS or MapQuest.  I was gonna use my sixth sense to see if we could find you.  Didn’t work.  We had to call MapQuest.”
“I’ll see what we can do about MapQuest, Mister Grey.”
“So if you don’t have MapQuest,” said Liam, pointing to a glass case attached to the wall.  “Should I just use that thing?”
“No!” I gasped, blocking the moron from touching the emergency class case.  “Whatever you do, do not break the glass on that case!”
“I’m just kidding,” laughed Liam.  “I know how the emergency system works.  We have the same boxes set up all over daddy’s building.  If I break the glass, all your doors get locked down until the ABC’s let us out.  Or was it the BBC?”
“Are you thinking of the CDC?”
“Maybe,” shrugged Liam.  “But boy was it funny the first twenty times.  After that, daddy started getting mad so I had to stop.”
“Well at least you understand something,” I sighed.  “How about we just take things nice and slow today so you don’t get confused?”
“So where’s John Hammond?” asked Liam.
“Who?”
“CEO of this operation?” said Liam.  “Old guy?  White beard?  Bald head?  John Hammond?”
“The CEO of Jurassic Park?”
“Bingo!”
“Uh, I’m sorry, Mister Grey,” I said.  “I don’t believe we’re gonna be able to meet John Hammond today.”
“Bummer,” sighed Liam.  “Could’ve sworn I was meeting John Hammond.  How about a baby T-Rex?  You got any of those hatching today?”
“Another joke?”
“I’m serious,” said Liam with a straight face.  “I was promised a T-Rex.  Baby or adult.  Not velociraptor.  T-Rex.”
“Mister Grey,” I said, breaking the bad news, “I’m not sure what exactly you think we do down here in the Lab, but I assure you, we do not have any dinosaurs.”
“Does John Hammond know that?”
“Mister Grey, this is not Jurassic Park.”
“Good one,” smiled Liam.  “You’re a funny guy, Sanjay.  But you can’t fool Liam Grey.”
“Mister Grey,” I said in a serious tone.  “This is the Biomedical Research Laboratory at the Pacific Coast University of Science and Technology.”
“So you’re not kidding?” asked Liam, turning serious.
“I’m not kidding.”
“Whoops,” cringed Liam.  “Well that’s embarrassing.”
“Who told you this was Jurassic Park?”
“My bad,” laughed Liam.  “Little mix up with my communications.  Daddy emailed me a summary last night to get me prepared for our big day today.  Kind of blew the whole thing off.  Jurassic Park was on TV again so I said, hey, I’ll watch a classic to break up the time while I read daddy’s little paragraph.  Before I even opened the email, the theme song was already sucking me in and I completely forgot about the summary.  I don’t know what was going through my mind, but for some reason I kind of thought Jurassic Park was the intro video for today.”
“I’m sorry to disappoint you, Mister Grey.”
“So I guess this means you do not have any safari rides?”
“That is correct, Mister Grey.”
“Bummer,” sighed Liam, lifting up his shirt to show me his underwear.  “I even wore my dino boxers today.”
“If it’s any consolation, I believe the cafeteria sometimes serves dinosaur chicken nuggets.”
“Bingo!”
“Well, seeing that it’s almost ten thirty—”
“Speaking of dinosaurs,” said Liam.  “Hear that rumbling?  That’s my tummy.  I gotta load up on some carbohydrates.”
“I’ll show you the cafeteria,” I said, leading the giant child back up to the lobby.
“I’ll take over from here,” said Liam once we reached the end of the little tunnel on the west side of the lobby.  “Ooh, this is gonna be a tough one, Doctor Sanjay.  I don’t know what to do.  Both staircases go up to the second floor, but I can’t decide whether to go left or right.”
“Let’s try out the left side this time,” I said, heading up to the second floor.  “You can have fun on the stairs later.”
“I gotta say,” said Liam, taking in the sights from the second floor.  “Your elevated track is awesome!  So which way do people usually run around the track?”
“Considering that this is not a running track, I really don’t think it matters which direction you run.”
“Coolio,” said Liam, stretching out his arms.  “Then I’m gonna run this way.  North, right?  Straight down the west side.  Cut right to pass by the elevators.  Turn down the east side to spy on the dorks in the library.  And then get some sunshine by the front windows.  So how many laps for a mile?”
“Are you running now?” I asked.  “Or are you having your ten thirty lunch first?”
“Bingo!” said Liam.  “Dino nuggets first.  Then my morning run.”
“Very well, Mister Grey,” I said, heading down the second floor hallway.  “This is our cafeteria.  Five bucks, all you can eat dino nuggets.  I’ll find you between eleven and eleven thirty, and then we can continue the tour and go over our progress on HDNARV.”
“Thanks, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam before heading into the cafeteria.  “You dino nuggets better watch out.  Because here comes a Hungrysaurus Rex!”
“Wow,” I exhaled, taking a moment to breathe as the bonehead walked away.  “And we didn’t even get into the science stuff yet.”
“Good morning, Professor,” said Caleb, the brownnosing student.  “How are you doing today, Professor?”
“I’m doing just great,” I said, turning to face the annoying voice.
“Do you want me to carry anything for you?”
“Carry what?”
“Anything,” said Caleb.  “Lecture notes?  Textbook?  Briefcase?  Whatever you need, just ask me, Professor.  I will do literally anything to get that A.  Carry your stuff?  Extra credit assignments?  Visit you during office hours and lock the door?”
“Caleb, my hands are completely empty.  So no.  I do not need you to carry anything.  So please, just go to class.  I’ll see you in like two minutes.”
“Are you taking the elevator, Professor?”
“Are you taking the elevator?”
“We can share an elevator up to class.”
“I think I’ll take the stairs then,” I said, continuing down the second floor hallway.  “Just eleven more hours today until this nightmare is over.”

3
Diarrhea Expedition

“Quiet down, guys,” I said, beginning my Virology 101 class of about thirty undergraduate students.
“Shut up, everyone!” shouted Caleb.  “The professor’s trying to teach!”
“Thank you, Caleb,” I said, making a mental note to give Caleb no more than a B+ in my class.
“You got this, Proffy!” shouted Rajaroni from the back of the room.
“Ow!” snarked Kimberly.  “Can you watch my ears please?”
“Why?  Where are they going?”
“Seriously, guys, can you shut the hell up,” I said, taking a seat in front of the room instead of standing at the lectern.  “I’m not really prepared to teach anything today, and I kind of left all my lecture notes downstairs in my office—”
“Would you like me to get them for you?” asked Caleb, trying to rack up as many brownie points as possible.  “I can run down real quick.”
“That won’t be necessary,” I said, checking the clock.  “I’ll just wing something a little easier for a couple minutes as a review, and then let you guys all go a little early today.  I kind of need to get back to babysitting a giant child who right about now is probably running laps around the indoor track.”
“We have an indoor track?” asked Kimberly.
“Is this gonna be on the final?” asked Caleb.
“It’s a review,” I said.  “And yes, everything I say is on the final.”
“What’s the format of the final?” asked Caleb, preparing to take notes.  “Multiple choice?  Essays?  How many essays?  Do we have to know chapter four?  Are the exam questions gonna be like the practice questions in the back of the text book?”
“I don’t know,” I said, ready to rip out my hair.  “I didn’t write the final yet.”
“How long is the final?”
“Moving on,” I said.  “Considering that many of you have been invited to the event tonight, I figure I should review the basics of retroviruses so you can follow along with the presentations.”
“You mean the Tenth Annual Conference Connecting Biomedical Innovators with Global Entrepreneurship Sponsored by Lazarus Biomedical Solutions?” asked Caleb.
“Yes,” I said annoyed.  “The one where we dupe a bunch of rich business people into funding the absurd research projects of your tenured professors so that those of us working to develop real biomedical breakthroughs are left cramped in one corner of the Lab.”
“I’m going to the event,” said Caleb.  “Do we get extra credit for going?”
“No!” I said.  “Nobody gets extra credit!”
“What about me, Proffy!” asked Rajaroni.  “I’m your internaroni!  You’re gonna send a couple points my way, right?”
“No he’s not!” shouted Caleb, turning around to stare down his competition.  “Didn’t you hear the professor?  Nobody gets extra credit!  Now why don’t you go back to middle school, weirdo!”
“Enough!” I snapped.  “Everybody, shut up!”
“You heard the professor!” said Caleb, trying to stay on my good side.  “Let the man teach his class!”
“Let’s see if I can finish this in fifteen minutes,” I said, finally beginning my class.  “I’m just gonna do a quick review of the genomic reengineering work we do down in the Lab with retroviruses.  The sooner I can get through my lecture, the sooner I can let you go for the day and get back to my nightmare downstairs.”
“Hey, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, getting up from his seat.  “If you gotta be somewhere, I can take over the class for you.”
“Sit down, Raj,” I said before continuing my lecture.  “So for those of you attending the event tonight, you’re gonna hear three big words being thrown around.  And in case you feel like dozing off, this stuff is on the final.  In fact, I believe this material is in chapter three of your textbook.  So if you don’t understand any of this, you’re a moron.  Seriously, see a tutor because this stuff is the foundation to everything we do down in the Lab.”
“So what are they?” asked Rajaroni.
“Raj,” I said annoyed after losing my train of thought.  “Why are you even in this class?  You’re a senior in Virology 101.  I mean, what frick’n classes were you taking these past three years that you somehow managed to skip the only corequisite for clinical experience in the Lab, but still get placed as my intern?”
“First off,” said Rajaroni.  “This is my third year of college.”
“Did you even finish high school yet?” snarked Caleb.
“I did that in two years,” said Rajaroni.  “I’m what you call an early bloomer.”
“But what classes have you taken?” I asked.
“A little bit of everything,” said Rajaroni.  “Journalism 101.  Theater 101.  Virology 503.”
“Virology 503?” I gasped.  “With Doctor Fetzer?  That class is for the PhD program!  What the hell were you doing in Virology 503?”
“Little mix up with my registration,” laughed Rajaroni.
“Bet that didn’t help your GPA,” snickered Caleb.
“Threw it way off,” said Rajaroni.  “I was trying to maintain my 4.0.  That A+ bumped my GPA way off the charts!”
“A+?” I gasped.  “Then what the hell are you doing in Virology 101?”
“Like you said, Proffy.  It’s the only corequisite for a clinical internship.”
“Did you check with the registrar?” I said.  “I think they could’ve made an exception!”
“Little late now,” said Rajaroni.  “But seriously, if you gotta go, I can take over the class.”
“I am perfectly capable of teaching my own class!”
“Whenever you’re ready then, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “I’m waiting to hear those three big words.”
“Three big words!” I said, continuing my lecture.  “Reverse transcriptase!  Integrase!  Protease!  Remember them!  Or you will fail!”
“So I just wanna make sure,” said Caleb.  “This stuff is gonna be on the final?”
“These three very important enzymes,” I continued, “are responsible for the process by which viral genetic information is inserted into a host cell’s genome, thereby altering the genetic coding of an organism.”
“Wow,” laughed Rajaroni.  “You just dumbed that way down.”
“Now I’m dumbing it up,” I said, getting ready to use my big sciencey words.  “The genetic material of a retrovirus is maintained in a single strand of RNA.”
“RNA stands for ribonucleic acid,” whispered Rajaroni.  “That means only one strand.  No double helix like DNA.”
“I know,” snarked Kimberly.  “Do I look like an idiot?”
“Once the retrovirus finds its way into a host cell,” I continued, “the enzyme reverse transcriptase begins its work.  A polymerase transcribes the virus’ RNA, creating a DNA strand similar to the RNA strand, in order to form an RNA-DNA double helix.  Ribonuclease H then degrades the RNA portion of the double helix, leaving just the one DNA strand as a copy of the original virus.  The polymerase then hybridizes the DNA strand with another DNA strand to form a DNA double helix.”
“And then you die,” laughed Rajaroni.
“Shut up, Raj!” said Caleb.  “This stuff is on the final!”
“That was step one,” I continued.  “The enzyme integrase then takes the DNA double helix created by the virus and transfers it into the host cell’s nucleus.  Once inside the nucleus, integrase integrates the viral DNA into the host cell’s genome so that the genetic material of the virus becomes part of the host cell’s DNA.”
“Professor?” said Caleb, raising his hand.  “Do you know any good tutors?”
“I can tutor you!” said Rajaroni.  “I got an A+ in Virology 503!”
“Can you people just let me finish?” I said, taking a deep breath.  “Once the virus’ genome is integrated into the host cell’s DNA, it is called an endogenous retrovirus, or provirus.”
“Not convirus,” whispered Rajaroni just to annoy Kimberly.  “These viruses are good for you.”
“Raj, shut up!” I yelled before continuing my lecture.  “These proviruses make up about five percent of our genome.  But fortunately, after millions of years of living within our ancestors, most of them are completely defective and incapable of replication.  However, with the right tools, as we have in the Lab, proviruses provide us with an ability to reengineer the genomic structure of entire organisms.”
“But you can’t do it without me,” smiled Rajaroni.  “Your internaroni!”
“One more time, Raj!” I warned, trying so hard to make it through my lecture without suffering a brain aneurism.  “And you people better be taking notes.  Even though you should already have notes on this easy transcription stuff from chapter one.  So pay attention and remember what I’m teaching you this time.  By normal cellular processes, the proviral DNA inside the host cell’s genome is transcribed into RNA.  And then the RNA produces proteins.  Now for the final step.  The enzyme protease cleaves the proteins into smaller proteins so they can be used to form a new virus containing the proviral RNA.  This new virus then continues the cycle throughout the organism, integrating its genetic coding into every cell until the original virus becomes an eternal part of the organism.”
“But, Professor,” said Caleb, raising his hand to look smart.  “Isn’t it true that the reverse transcription phase of the retrovirus doesn’t have any proofreading capability, making the copied genes highly susceptible to mutation?”
“Yes, Caleb,” I sighed.  “I’m very impressed with your knowledge on this material.”
“Thank you, Professor,” smiled Caleb.
“Because not just anybody can open the textbook to page fifty-five and read verbatim.”
“Too bad,” said Caleb, looking around the room for laughs from his next stupid comment.  “If reverse transcription is so error prone, then I guess you can’t really reengineer an entire organism without producing some funky looking creature from a Doctor Seuss book?”
“Maybe five years ago,” I said, rolling my eyes.  “But are you familiar with a little peer reviewed article in the Journal of Biomedical and Bioengineering Science titled Exonuclease Breakthroughs: Maintaining Integrity in Reverse Transcription of Retroviral Genomes?”
“Maybe?” said Caleb, still aiming for his brownie points.  “Who’s the author?  Anyone important?”
“No, not really,” I said, playing stupid.  “Just some physician-scientist named Sanjay Reddy.  Co-authored with Doctor Frederick Albrecht.”
“Oh,” said Caleb, going pale after losing all of his brownie points.
“Hey, you’re talking about yourself again, Proffy!” laughed Rajaroni.  “Who knows, Proffy.  Maybe you and me’ll write a little article together and be co-authors one day.”
“That’ll be the day,” I sighed.
“How about Monday?” asked Rajaroni.
“Huh?”
“I’ll mark it down on your calendar,” said Rajaroni.  “Should I put us down for two hours?  Or is that not enough time with your internaroni?”
“Raj, shut up,” I said.  “We’re not coauthoring a paper together.”
“You know what we should do then?” said Rajaroni.  “We should make zombies!”
“Not this again, Raj,” I whined.
“It can work!” said Rajaroni.  “We just need to create the zombie virus, and then do a little insertaroni into a human test subject!”
“And who’s gonna be creating this zombie virus for you?”
“You and me, Proffy!” smiled Rajaroni.  “We’ve got the brain power!  So what do you say?  Let’s team up as mad scientists and destroy the world!”
“Enough, Raj,” I said.  “How would you even create a zombie virus?  What the hell would you put into the genome?”
“Professor,” said Caleb, darting his hand into the air to start fresh on his brownie points.  “A zombie virus entails several different elements.  First, the virus would need to reanimate the dead.  Second, the virus must make the undead crave human flesh.  And finally, the virus must be contagious by zombie bite.”
“Thank you, Caleb,” I said sarcastically.
“You’re welcome, Professor.”
“Because I live in the Walking Dead universe and have never heard of a frick’n zombie.”
“Maybe we can find the zombie virus in the Amazon,” said Rajaroni.  “You and me’ll take a little expedition down to the jungle and go hunting for ancient viruses lying dormant in the swamp?”
“Sure, Raj,” I said.  “Let’s go on a diarrhea expedition.  We can contract malaria and get swallowed whole by an anaconda.”
“Good idea, Raj,” said Caleb, trying to get back on my good side by piggybacking off my sarcasm.
“Seriously, Raj,” I continued.  “Do you know how unlikely it is for a zombie virus to somehow just randomly develop in the middle of a mosquito laden, crocodile poop infested swamp?”
“Okay,” said Rajaroni.  “So we’ll just go back to creating the zombie virus ourselves in the Lab.”
“Really?” I said.  “Because it’s not like I spent the last ten years of my life working full time just to develop the Human Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis Retrovirus.  Not to mention the twenty years of research and experiments conducted before that by Doctor Albrecht.  You don’t think creating a zombie virus might take a little more work than just saying: Hey, let’s make a zombie virus!”
“So what are you saying?” asked Rajaroni.  “Fifty years?”
“I’ll be dead by then!”
“But I won’t be,” said Rajaroni.  “I’ll carry on our work, Proffy.  Heck, maybe I’ll even get my own internaroni one day.  Fifty years?  A hundred years?  We’ll create that zombie virus!”
“Raj!” I yelled.  “Are you even thinking?  Why the hell do we need a zombie virus!”
“Just a hypothetical thought experiment,” said Rajaroni, happy to end the discussion now that he got me all worked up.
“I’ve got a couple minutes left,” I said, checking the clock.  “Does anyone have any questions?  Retrovirus related?  If you’re going to the event tonight, I believe Doctor Fetzer will be starting off the conference with a more in depth description of retroviruses.  I’ll be discussing the reproduction cycle of our standard retrovirus template.  And depending on how much funding Doctor Albrecht believes we need to finalize HDNARV, maybe he’ll say a couple words about our progress on a real biomedical achievement.  Besides that, we’re probably gonna be listening to two hours of gibberish on the nonsense research conducted by your idiot professors.  And before the conference?  I need to figure out how to explain the HDNA genome to a bonehead.  So with five minutes to spare, does anyone have any non-zombie related questions?”
“I have a question,” said Caleb, raising his hand before he even had a question in mind.  “In chapter three of our textbook where it says. . .”
“What’s that, Giuseppe?” whispered Rajaroni into his pocket while I answered questions.  “You wanna listen too?”
“Shh,” hushed Kimberly.  “I’m trying to pay attention to the professor.”
“Shh!” Rajaroni hushed back.  “I’m talking to my friend over here.”
“Well I can’t hear the professor,” snarked Kimberly.
“That’s because he isn’t capable of speaking yet.”
“Are you an idiot?”
“Am I an idiot?” mimicked Rajaroni.  “No, seriously, am I an idiot, Giuseppe?  No?  Good, that’s what I thought.”
“Who are you talking to, weirdo?” asked Kimberly.
“I’m talking to the professor,” said Rajaroni.
“You’re looking at your crotch.”
“Wrongaroni,” said Rajaroni.  “I’m checking out my pocket.”
“For what?” asked Kimberly.
“The professor, duh,” said Rajaroni.  “Why else would I be talking to my pocket?”
“Just leave me alone,” said Kimberly, trying to ignore Rajaroni.
“So do you wanna meet the professor?”
“I’m trying to listen to the professor!” yelled Kimberly.
“Huh?” I said, looking to the back of the classroom.  “What’d I do?  Can you guys all hear me in the back?”
“Sorry, professor,” said Kimberly with her cheeks going red after her outburst in the middle of class.
“Embarrassing,” whispered Rajaroni into his pocket.
“Thanks a lot, jerk,” whispered Kimberly.
“So do you wanna meet the professor or not?”
“Will you shut up, you weirdo?”
“Don’t be shy,” said Rajaroni, pulling a rat out of his pocket.  “Kimberly doesn’t bite.”
“Don’t talk to me,” said Kimberly, trying to avoid drawing any more attention to herself.
“Would you like to say hello?” asked Rajaroni, holding his giant rat out to Kimberly’s face.
“Ahhh!” shrieked Kimberly.  “Oh my god!  Get that away from me!”
“Raj!” I yelled.  “What the hell are you doing?”
“My friend wants to learn too,” said Rajaroni.  “Equal opportunity for the rataroni people?”
“What the hell is that?” cried Kimberly.  “Why do you have a rat!”
“Rat?” said Rajaroni.  “This is Doctor Giuseppe Gustavo.  Visiting professor from the University of Bologna.”
“Raj!” I yelled.  “What have I told you about taking rats out of the Lab?”
“I think you said not to?”
“Then why do you have a rat in my classroom?”
“Because this is Doctor Giuseppe Gustavo,” whined Rajaroni.  “Visiting professor from the University of Bologna!  I can’t leave him in a cage all day!  How else is he gonna learn the latest in biomedical science!”
“Then put your damn rat away and stop disrupting my class!”
“Sorry, Giuseppe,” said Rajaroni.  “I guess you’re going back in the pocket.  But don’t worry, little buddy.  I’ll get you some spaghetti later.”
“Now where was I?” I said, trying to get back on track.
“I believe we were discussing polymerase chain reactions,” said Caleb, working so hard for his brownie points.
“No, I think I was about to end the class,” I said, getting up from my seat.  “See you tonight.  Now the fun part of my day starts.”

4
Human Dodo Bird

“Mister Grey?” I called, trying to find my important guest somewhere in the Lab.  “Has anybody seen Liam Grey?  Tall dude?  Big muscles?  Bigger head?  Kind of looks like John Cena?  But a whole lot dumber?”
“Sanjay, can you shut up?” said Miwa, popping her head out of the Animal Testing Lab.  “I’m trying to find my pig blood.”
“Hey, have you seen a human dodo bird wandering around?”
“The big oaf singing in the decontamination shower?”
“Thanks,” I said, heading down the hall towards the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“Yo, egghead!” shouted Liam from the decontamination shower.  “You forgot to restock the shampoo!”
“One second, Mister Grey!” sung Doctor Wacky.  “I have just the solution for you!”
“What the hell is going on in here?” I asked, entering the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“This specimen is very unusual,” smiled Doctor Wacky, retrieving a bottle filled with something weird.  “I wanna test my new Garra Rufa Shampoo on the test subject’s big round head to see how well my microscopic nibble fish eat away at the dead skin on his scalp.”
“Dandruff eating fish?”
“Precisely!”
“Hey, egghead!” shouted Liam.  “Where’s my suds?”
“Coming right up, Mister Grey!” smiled Doctor Wacky.  “Would you like me to help apply the shampoo?”
“You mean touch me in the shower?” asked Liam, grabbing the bottle of microscopic fish shampoo.  “I don’t think so, Doc.”
“Is it working?” asked Doctor Wacky, waiting outside the shower to monitor his test subject.  “Can you feel them?”
“Whoa!” shrieked Liam.  “Get me a couple bottles of this stuff to go!  It’s like a pedicure for the scalp!”
“Would you like to try the conditioner?”
“I wanna try everything!” smiled Liam, popping his head out of the shower.  “Hey, Doctor Sanjay!  You gotta come in here and try out this shampoo!”
“No, that’s okay, Mister Grey,” I said.  “I think I’ll let you have your privacy.”
“Come on, Sanjay,” giggled Liam.  “Nothing you’ve never seen before.”
“No, I’m pretty sure I don’t go around looking at giant muscular—”
“Dicks!” shouted Miwa.
“Excuse me?”
“All of you!” said Miwa, storming into the Bizarre Experiments Lab.  “What’d I say about stealing my pig blood?”
“That I can explain,” said Doctor Wacky.  “I needed your pig blood—”
“For another one of your stupid experiments?”
“Not this time,” laughed Doctor Wacky.  “I needed the blood to collect a genetic sample of the pig genome so that I could begin my work on creating piggies.”
“Piggies?” I asked, praying that the weird scientist wasn’t wasting more of our funding on ridiculous experiments.
“Piggies,” smiled Doctor Wacky.  “Miniature pigs.  The size of a finger.  A fat finger, mind you.  So that no part of the pig is wasted in making a little sausage sandwich.  Instead, you will be able to wrap an entire pig with a slice of bread, with nothing going to waste.  Bones.  Snout.  Everything.  A true piggy in a blanket.”
“And you needed my whole tub of blood?” asked Miwa, pushing her three hundred pound tub of blood into the hallway.  “Next time get your own genetic samples, wacko!  This blood stays in the Animal Testing Lab!”
“Mister Grey?” called Doctor Wacky.  “How is the shampoo?  Is it rinsing out well?”
“I’m not rinsing it out yet!” said Liam.  “We just got to the tingly part!  A whole massage in a bottle!”
“Good morning, Doctor Wacky,” said Caleb, entering the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“Perfect timing,” said Doctor Wacky, greeting his intern.  “We have much work to complete in preparation for our big reveal tonight.”
“At the conference?” I asked.  “That’s where you’re revealing your secret project?”
“It’s gonna be the talk of the whole event,” said Caleb, proud to be a part of something so magnificent.  “The grand finale!”
“And who approved a spot for you at the conference?” I asked.
“Doctor Fetzer,” said Doctor Wacky.
“And does she know what it is you’re gonna be revealing?”
“Nobody knows,” giggled Doctor Wacky.  “Just me and my intern.  It will be epic!  I’ve even cleared my schedule for tomorrow to make room for morning news appearances.”
“We’re gonna be famous,” said Caleb, prancing around with a super happy smile.  “Something magnificent is finally gonna come out of this university.”
“Yeah, okay,” I said, rolling my eyes.  “Because the world really needs fish shampoo?”
“Not the shampoo,” laughed Doctor Wacky.  “Those we’re selling at the door as our guests arrive.”
“And this is biomedical related?” I asked.
“Absolutely,” said Doctor Wacky.  “Created using the very retrovirus template developed by you and Doctor Albrecht.”
“Perfect,” I said.  “Then whatever you do, please do not tell anyone that I was responsible for whatever monstrosity you created this time.”
“I will take all the credit,” said Doctor Wacky.  “In fact, I have made a few modifications of my own to your retrovirus.”
“And your monster isn’t gonna kill anyone this time?”
“Nothing to worry about,” said Doctor Wacky.  “My dangerous creations are all locked up.  Tonight’s reveal is just for fun.  I promise there will be no blood tonight.”
“Hey, Mister Grey!” I called.  “What’s going on in there?”
“I’m feeling the tingly all over my body now!” said Liam from the shower.  “Give me a couple more minutes!”
“Then I’ll be in my office, Mister Grey,” I said.  “Do you remember where to find me?”
“Boobs!” laughed Liam, sticking a hand out of the shower to grab the air near my face.
“Excuse me?”
“Sideways eight,” said Liam as if he were a genius.  “I’m in the right boob.  You’re gonna be in the left boob.  I just gotta walk straight down the long hallway.”
“See you when you’re dried off,” I said, leaving the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“Doctor Reddy,” called Doctor Fetzer as I walked down the north hallway back towards my office.  “I wanna congratulate you and Doctor Ling.”
“You looked over our results from last night?” I asked.
“They couldn’t have been any better,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “I sat down with Doctor Ling this morning for a preliminary review of the results.  Doctor Albrecht will be getting back to me shortly with his final analysis.  We’ll just need to adapt our simian modifications into the HDNA sequence, and we should have a final genome ready for human trials.”
“How long until we have our FDA application together?”
“I’m having Kimberly pick up where my last intern left off,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “Honestly, I think she might be a bit overwhelmed trying to compile thirty years of research and lab results.”
“Doctor Albrecht must be ecstatic about the good news?” I said.  “His entire life’s work finally coming to fruition?”
“Oh, absolutely,” smiled Doctor Fetzer as though she were hiding something from me.
“Oh, actually, do you mind if I introduce you to Mister Grey and show him around the Genetic Engineering Lab?”
“Mister Grey?” blushed Doctor Fetzer.  “You know I once had a crush on William back in the day.  The same graduating class right at this very university with me and Doctor Albrecht—”
“Liam Grey,” I said to clarify.
“Oh,” laughed Doctor Fetzer.  “Such a cute little boy.”
“I think he’s in his twenties.”
“Already?” said Doctor Fetzer.  “Wow, these years really just fly by, don’t they?  I’m over half a century old now, and still single.  But at least we’ve finally created Doctor Albrecht’s HDNA virus just in time.”
“In time for what?” I asked.
“Oh . . . the uh . . . conference tonight of course.”
“By the way, you didn’t hear my phone ringing while I was gone, did you?”
“Another sexual harassment complaint?” laughed Doctor Fetzer.  “You know, you and Miwa are just perfect for each other.”
“Yeah, but for some reason she can’t see that,” I said, heading back to my office.  “She just tries so hard to get me fired.”
“William and I were exactly the same way during our school days,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “The way I would always make him uncomfortable in class, and then flirt with him all day down in the Lab.  I just couldn’t keep my hands off of William.”
“And did anything come out of it for you two?”
“Just a restraining order after graduation.”
“Okay, that’s not good,” I panicked, racing back to my office to get by the phone in case the HR department called.  “See you later, Doctor Fetzer!”
“Slow down!” yelled Miwa as I raced past her in the hallway.  “You almost knocked me over!”
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“Returning my pig blood, genius,” grunted Miwa, using all of her body weight to slide the giant tub of blood back to the Animal Testing Lab.  “Do you wanna give me a hand?  This thing weighs a ton!”
“I would, but I’m kind of expecting a phone call thanks to you know who.”
“Thanks, Sanjay,” grunted Miwa.  “Real gentleman!”
“Just get one of the carts,” I said, entering my office.
Ring!  Ring!  Ring!
“Miss Gropes!” I shouted, diving over my desk to answer the phone.  “Okay, so I just spoke with Doctor Ling—”
“Proffy?” said Rajaroni on the other line.
“Raj?”
“Proffy, I gotta tell you something.”
“Is this about your letter of recommendation?”
“No, this is more important,” said Rajaroni.  “I got distracted earlier when you were flirting with your girlfriend.  But you gotta hear this!”
“Raj, can you come talk to me in my office?” I said.  “I’ve got an important call coming in any minute, so I need to keep the line free.”
“No problem, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “We’ll just switch over to the walkie-talkie.”
“What walkie-talkie?”
“The one in your desk drawer.”
“There’s no walkie-talkie in my—”
“Kshhh!” came static from my desk.  “Proffy, you there?”
“Raj?” I said, grabbing the walkie-talkie from my drawer.  “When the hell did I get a walkie-talkie?”
“I put it in there this morning,” said Rajaroni through the walkie-talkie, “on account of the awful cell phone reception.  That way you don’t need a landline anymore to find me when I’m goofing off around the Lab.”
“Raj, what’d I tell you about going through my desk?”
“Never mind that,” said Rajaroni.  “I gotta tell you something important.”
“Raj, where the hell are you?”
“Guess,” said Rajaroni.
“The women’s restroom again?” I guessed.
“Try again, Proffy.”
“I don’t know—”
“Boo!” shouted Rajaroni, popping his head into my office.
“Whoa!” I gasped, nearly having a heart attack.
“Okay, so listen to this, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, taking a seat in my office.  “I was doing a little experiment with the frogs this morning before class—”
“The frogs?” I asked.  “Why are you bothering the frogs now?”
“I’m always bothering the frogs,” said Rajaroni, pulling Giuseppe out of his pocket.  “I gotta study the frogs to understand how smart the rataronies are.  You compare a less developed species with a more advanced species.  In fact, before my first injections just three weeks ago, this little guy used to be a dumb frog himself.”
“Raj, that’s a rat.”
“Rat?” said Rajaroni, inspecting Giuseppe.  “No, I’m pretty sure the rataronies used to be frogs.”
“Raj,” I said.  “Frogs are green and slimy.  Rats are brown and furry.”
“I know,” said Rajaroni, stroking the rat.  “And this little critter is slimy.  Right?”
“No, that’s furry.”
“Wait, you used to be a rat?” Rajaroni asked Giuseppe.  “Oh, duh.  I knew that, Proffy.  That’s why these guys are called the rataroni people.  The smart cousins of the simple rat.  I’m getting all discombobulated over here.  Cuckoo!”
“Oh my god,” I sighed.
“Okay, so back to the story,” continued Rajaroni, shaking himself loose.  “I was doing a little experiment with the simple rats this morning to compare their intelligence with my rataroni people—”
“Raj,” I said, cutting him off.  “It’s been a month now that you’ve been working with me.  Is anything clicking yet that I’ve been teaching you?  Because sometimes it just seems like you don’t fully understand . . . you know . . . the simple stuff.”
“What are you saying, Proffy?”
“For example,” I said.  “Your lady’s room incident last week.  Where you gave Doctor Fetzer a heart attack.  Do you even read the sign before you walk into the restroom?”
“Honest mistake, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “I checked the sign, but you have to admit, that picture on the door is a bit tricky.”
“How!” I asked.  “The lady is literally wearing a dress!”
“Well I thought it was an apron,” said Rajaroni.  “One potty room for people wearing normal clothes.  And one potty room for people wearing aprons.  And I was wearing one of the lab aprons.”
“What about the sign?” I said.  “Doesn’t the sign literally tell you the restroom is for women?”
“I thought it meant whoa man,” said Rajaroni.  “As in: Whoa I gotta go, man!  No time to take off my apron!  I figured that’s why there weren’t any urinals.  Because if you’re having an emergency and can’t get your apron off in time, you’re gonna have to sit down on the potty.  And, Proffy.  I had to go potty really bad.”
“Raj, I honestly do not understand you,” I said.  “Because your resume says you have a photogenic memory.  Which means you should be some kind of genius.  But for some reason it’s almost like you can’t remember a damn thing.  Not even the simple stuff.”
“Let me correct you right off the bat, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “A photographic memory isn’t about remembering stuff.  It’s about taking mental pictures with your eyeball camera.  That way you can go back to the photos later and retrieve the important information.”
“But you get everything backwards!”
“Yeah,” laughed Rajaroni.  “I’m working on that, Proffy.”
“Raj, you don’t have a photogenic memory, do you?”
“No, I do have a photogenic memory,” said Rajaroni.  “But there is one little problem.  I’m dyslexic!”
“Well that explains everything,” I said, throwing my hands into the air dramatically.  “So you actually see everything backwards?”
“So I’m kind of a genius,” said Rajaroni.  “I’ve got the brain power to memorize volumes and volumes of encyclopedic texts.  The only problem is, I don’t know what the heckaroni it is that I’m memorizing.  It’s like I’ve got bazillions of photo albums stored inside my brain full of funky shapes and colors, but for some reason, I have no idea what a single photo means.”
“So you’re actually an idiot?”
“But it’s not all bad,” said Rajaroni, giving me a friendly jab on the shoulder.  “With a mentor like you, it can’t be long before we unleash the full potential of my genius mind.”
“Why biologist?” I asked.  “Couldn’t you have been like a psychologist or something?  Maybe we can transfer you to another department?”
“Nah,” said Rajaroni.  “I took a psychology class last year.  The material was way too easy.  Literally every question had the same exact answer.”
“Maybe that’s what you need,” I said, trying to ditch my intern.  “Something nice and simple.”
“No, a guy like me needs a good challenge,” said Rajaroni confidently.  “Something to keep the brain pistons spinning at full speed.  Psychology didn’t really get it going for me.  That Freudaroni stuff—”
“Freud a who?”
“You know,” said Rajaroni.  “Sigmund Freudaroni?  The guy who thinks everything is a penis?”
“And where did you learn this?”
“Professor Schlong in Psychology 101,” said Rajaroni.  “Everything’s a penis.  You just bought a new Lamborghini?  It’s a penis.  Your sister just had a baby?  It’s a penis.  Here’s your change, sir?  It’s a penis!”
Knock.  Knock.
“Uh?” hummed Doctor Albrecht in shock, about to knock a third time on my open door.  “Am I interrupting something?”
“We’re talking about penises,” said Rajaroni.
“Okay then . . . whenever you’re done with uh . . . whatever this is . . . just let know how you’re doing with Liam Grey?”
“Sure, Doctor,” I said, taking a deep breath.
“The guy’s like a comedian without the set up,” continued Rajaroni.
“Doctor Albrecht?” I asked.
“No, Freudaroni,” said Rajaroni.  “He’s just walking down the street on a bright sunny day.  The birds are singing.  The children are playing.  And then out of nowhere.  Boom!  Penis!  Like whoa!  Watch your potty mouth, misteroni.”
“Okay,” I said, shaking my head.  “No psychology for you.”
“So do you wanna hear my story now?”
“Did you finish those binders yet?”
“I’m on it,” said Rajaroni, jumping up from his seat.  “Seven o’clock tonight, right?”
“And what the hell is Mister Grey doing?” I asked myself.
“What the hell are you doing?” said Miwa, poking her head into my office.  “You don’t have any more important things to do than just sit there all day?”
“No,” I snarked.  “Because somebody filed a sexual harassment complaint with HR.  And now I have to explain my way out of getting a reprimand noted in my file with Miss Gropes.  Even though you know I’m up for tenure this year.”
“You actually believed that?” laughed Miwa.
“They’re not offering me tenure?” I gasped.
“No, you actually thought I filed another complaint with HR?”
“You didn’t file a complaint?”
“Why even waste my time—”
“Oh so you do like me?” I smiled, walking over to annoy Miwa.  “Just another one of your little games to tease me?  Huh, Miwa?”
“Hey,” warned Miwa.  “What’d I tell you?”
“I think you said I should pick you up around seven tonight?”
“Alright, Sanjay,” said Miwa, giving up.  “You win.  Pick me up around seven tonight.”
“So where would you like to go on our first date?” I asked.  “How about that fancy discount restaurant you like?  The one with the fake wine?  Oh, wait, crap, tonight’s the conference.  Okay, so what are you doing tomorrow night?”
“Going out to dinner with Jason.”
“Ugh, gross,” I gagged.  “You’re still dating Professor Wong?  Mister psychologist?  Ooh, Jason, you’re so hot.  Won’t you come over tonight and analyze me?”
“What is your problem,” said Miwa annoyed.
“Besides psychology, I hear he even picks his nose . . . and eats his boogers.”
“Oh my god, Sanjay,” sighed Miwa.  “I think you actually belong back in middle school.”
“At least I have a real degree.”
“Well he’s stopping by the Lab later,” said Miwa.  “So you better be nice to him, or I will file that sexual harassment complaint.”
“No you won’t,” I flirted.  “You know you love me, Miwa.”
“In your dreams,” said Miwa.  “Even your intern has a better chance than you.”
“Raj?” I gasped, turning serious.  “Okay, listen to me very closely, Miwa.  You need to keep Raj as far away from Liam Grey as possible.  Under no circumstances can they be allowed to cross paths.  I’m warning you, Miwa.  If these two idiots meet each other, we’re gonna be dealing with a supernova of galactic stupidity.  Galactic stupidity!  Honestly, I wouldn’t be surprised if this entire Lab goes up in flames.”
“What’s wrong with Raj?”
“What isn’t wrong with Raj?” I said.  “I don’t know where the hell that kid is right now, but I need you to keep him hidden in your lab.  Actually, if you find him, tell him to go take a really long lunch break and maybe work on his binders up in the library.”
“Doctor Albrecht was right,” said Miwa.  “You’re losing your marbles.”
“Maybe,” I said.  “But I’ve still got a couple marbles left.”

5
Mini Space Adventure

“To boldly go where no man has gone before!” sung Liam before jumping into my office, wearing a hazmat suit and goggles.
“Where did you get that?” I asked.
“Doctor Wacky,” said Liam, covered from neck to toe in yellow rubber.  “If we’re about to get sciencey, I’m wearing a space suit.”
“Very well, Mister Grey,” I said, deciding not to correct the moron anymore.  “Are you ready to get started?”
“So does this thing happen in your office or in one of the labs?”
“We’re gonna start right here in my office.”
“You’re not kidding?” said Liam, completely shocked.  “It’s actually gonna work right here in your little office?  Should I put my goggles on now?”
“Is there something wrong with my office, Mister Grey?”
“Not at all, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “I was just expecting a couple more buttons and flashy thingies for a spaceship.”
“Mister Grey, my office is not a spaceship.”
“Not outer space,” laughed Liam.  “Mini space.”
“Mini space?”
“We’re going on a mini space adventure,” said Liam.  “We are getting miniaturized, right?  Gonna meet some viruses up close and personal?”
“There will be no miniaturization today, Mister Grey,” I said.  “I will be going over the basics of our Human Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis Retrovirus with you.  And then I will be introducing you to the scientists in our Lab and the work they are doing to contribute to our endeavor.”
“So we’re not getting miniaturized?” asked Liam.  “But I can still wear the spacesuit?”
“Yes, Mister Grey,” I said.  “You may wear the spacesuit.”
“Can I take it home with me?”
“Yes, you may take the spacesuit home with you.”
“Coolio,” said Liam.  “This is gonna be great for my playroom.”
“You have a game room?”
“Playroom,” said Liam.  “You know?  Toys?  Whips?  Handcuffs?  PVC piping?  Two-by-four planks of wood?”
“You have a Home Depot themed playroom?”
“I just got interviewed yesterday by a journalism student,” said Liam.  “Not to sound like a creep or anything, but uh . . . sideways eight.  Honk!  Honk!  I think I’m gonna show her my playroom.”
“Why are you telling me this, Mister Grey?”
“Just making conversation,” said Liam.  “So do you have a playroom?”
“I work in a science lab.”
“Cool,” said Liam.  “What kind of stuff do you work on?”
“The Human Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis Retrovirus,” I said.  “The very reason you are here in the Lab with me today.”
“Bingo!” said Liam, shooting me with his finger pistol.
“How am I supposed to do this?” I asked myself, trying to figure out how to explain the greatest biomedical development in the history of mankind to a complete moron.
“Let’s get this party started,” said Liam.  “I’m ready to learn, Doctor Sanjay.  And don’t feel like you need to dumb anything down for me.  I’ve got six years of college education under my belt.”
“I will try to keep this as simple as possible,” I said, preparing my lesson.  “The function of HDNARV is to alter the human genome to reduce the speed at which neuronal cells die as a result of ischemia induced apoptosis.”
“In English, Doctor Sanjay.”
“When your blood flow stops, your brain dies,” I said.  “By a process called apoptosis.  During cerebral ischemia, meaning no blood in your brain, your brain cells are unable to metabolize energy due to a lack of oxygen.  Without energy, your brain cells are unable to maintain the normal ion concentrations in the electrochemical gradient between your cells and the extracellular fluid.  This is bad because it results in lots of calcium flowing into your brain cells, and it slows down the rate that metabolic waste is removed from the cells.”
“Got it, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “Instead of drinking blood, my brain cells are drinking lots of milk and then they have to poop.”
“Exactly,” I said.  “The increased concentration of calcium triggers a series of events, resulting in the death of the brain cells by apoptosis.  During this process, the dying cells break into a bunch of tiny blobs called apoptotic bodies.  However, unlike necrosis where the dying cell’s contents are released into the extracellular space and cause widespread damage, the process of apoptosis is programmed to keep the dying cell’s contents inside little blobs.”
“Got it, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “No explosive diarrhea.  Just little poop blobs.”
“Sure,” I continued.  “Then, a process called efferocytosis takes place where phagocytic cells eat the poop blobs in order to reduce the amount of damage to nearby cells.”
“Couldn’t have said it any better,” said Liam.  “They eat the poop.”
“All of this is a natural process that occurs in your body every day,” I said.  “The problem is when all of your brain cells undergo this process during cerebral ischemia, leaving you with permanent brain damage, or death.”
“So your virus kills people?” asked Liam.
“No, a lack of oxygenated blood to the brain kills people,” I said.  “Our virus prevents everything that I just said.”
“So you basically just wasted your time explaining everything to me then?” said Liam.  “If your virus solved everything, then there’s no more problem and I don’t need to know about it.”
“You do need to know about ischemia induced apoptosis in order to understand the HDNA virus, and because I will most likely suffer a stroke over here today.”
“So where can I get this magic virus?” asked Liam.  “Are you guys giving out free shots today?”
“How about I tell you about the virus before you go around pricking yourself with needles?”
“Bingo!” laughed Liam.
“I have to ask,” I said.  “I’ve met your father on several occasions, and I have to say, I do not see the resemblance at all between you and your father.”
“I get that all the time,” said Liam, flexing a muscle.  “You’re talking about my jacked arms, right?  Well, mom died when I was young, and daddy didn’t wanna breast feed me, so we decided to order some formula from a new distributor.  Turns out, the formula wasn’t meant for babies, but was actually marketed for race horses.  So for the first three years of my life, I was one big hormone sponge.  Soaking up my race horse milk.  So if you do the math, that makes me half daddy and half horse.  I’m basically cousins now with Secretariat.”
“Wow,” I said.  “Now back to science.  The Human Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis provirus operates as a two stage process to reduce neurological damage during cerebral ischemia.  In its simplest terms, the HDNA provirus regulates the permeability of various cellular components throughout an organism’s body.  The first stage inhibits the activation of apoptosis through the mitochondrial pathway.  Upon the influx of calcium into a brain cell, HDNA operates to maintain the strength of the cell’s mitochondrial membrane.”
“Big words again, Doctor Sanjay,” laughed Liam.
“By reducing damage to the mitochondrial membrane upon the influx of calcium, we are able to prevent the release of apoptosis causing proteins from the mitochondria into the cell’s cytosol.”
“Why the heck would you do that?” asked Liam.  “Proteins are good for you, Doctor Sanjay.  Builds muscle.”
“Not these proteins,” I said.  “These proteins are bad.”
“Like the protein in my dino nuggets?” asked Liam.  “Yeah, I’m not so sure that was really chicken, and I’m not really supposed to be consuming empty calories during my bulk up phase, but I kind of got carried away today.  I mean, how could I resist?  Three full plates of dino nuggets?  Couple trees of broccoli?  I felt like a T-Rex on the hunt.  Those nuggets just didn’t stand a chance.  Though I’m kind of regretting that last herd of stegosauruses.”
“And did you have a good run around the indoor track?”
“Yeah,” laughed Liam.  “I really thought I was a T-Rex when I started getting chased around by Doctor Wu.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know,” said Liam.  “He said he was some professor specializing in child development.”
“Professor Wong?”
“Bingo!” said Liam.  “He wanted to ask me a couple questions during my morning run after watching me destroy my dino nuggets.”
“Mister Grey, what exactly did you do to your chicken nuggets?”
“Rawr!” shrieked Liam, making his dinosaur face.
“Holy crap!” I gasped.
“Hey!” laughed Liam.  “That’s exactly what Doctor Wu said!”
“Okay, getting back on track,” I said.  “Like I was saying, stage one prevents apoptosis.  Then, the second stage kicks in to supply the brain cells with blood after failure of the circulatory system.  Because brain cells cannot metabolize anaerobically, meaning without oxygen—”
“That’s air,” said Liam, cutting me off.  “The stuff we breathe.”
“Yes, Mister Grey, that is air,” I continued.  “Without oxygen for the brain cells to metabolize aerobically, it is only a matter of time until the mitochondrial membrane degrades and becomes permeable enough for apoptosis causing proteins to be released, resulting in the death of the cell.”
“And that’s bad,” said Liam.  “You need your brain cells.”
“Yes you do, Mister Grey,” I said.  “In a normal human being, oxygen and nutrients in the blood are pumped throughout the body by the heart.  The smallest tubes in your body are called capillaries.  Blood pumps through your arteries, goes through a network of smaller tubes called capillaries to provide oxygen and nutrients to your cells, and then continues through to your veins after feeding your cells.”
“Got it, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “I’m filled with blood.”
“Now we’re gonna get a little more complicated,” I said.  “The blood in your arteries have lots of big things like oxygen and nutrients floating inside, and since the walls of your arteries are very thick, it’s very hard for those big things to drip through the walls of your arteries and reach your cells.  However, the hydrostatic pressure created by your pumping heart pushes oxygen and nutrients through the walls of your vessels.  This occurs in the tiny networks of tubes in your body called capillaries where the walls are much thinner than in your arteries.”
“So there are actually little caterpillars inside my body?”
“Capillaries,” I continued.  “Once the oxygen and nutrients leave the capillaries, they float around in something called interstitial fluid which is basically a nutritious water surrounding your cells.”
“Like a protein shake?”
“With oxygen,” I said.  “The oxygen and nutrients in the interstitial fluid feed your cells, and then are replaced by waste products pooped out by the cells.  Then, because the interstitial fluid is made up mostly of water, and because the blood inside your capillaries is mixed with a bunch of big things that couldn’t pass through the capillary walls, there is something called osmotic pressure.  While the hydrostatic pressure at the artery end of your capillaries is very strong, pushing oxygen and nutrients into the interstitial fluid, the osmotic pressure is stronger at the vein end of your capillaries, resulting in the interstitial fluid returning to your blood stream by osmosis.”
“Osmosis?” laughed Liam.  “That’s exactly how I studied for my exams in college.  Didn’t really work out so well.”
“There is a problem however, when for some reason, the hydrostatic pressure in your arteries is not strong enough to push oxygen and nutrients into the interstitial fluid to feed your cells, such as during heart failure.  Now for a little review.  When your brain cells don’t get the oxygen they need to metabolize aerobically, what thing, that we just discussed a few minutes ago, happens to your brain cells?”
“They choke,” said Liam confidently.
“Exactly,” I said.  “Ischemia induced apoptosis.  Without sufficient blood flow to your brain, your brain cells can survive for only a few minutes before you suffer permanent brain damage or death.”
“So like I said, your virus kills people?”
“No!” I said, ready to rip out my hair.  “Our virus delays apoptosis by maintaining the integrity of the mitochondrial membrane upon the influx of calcium into the brain cell, and then in the second stage operates to supply the brain cells with oxygen and nutrients even without a functioning heart.”
“Now we’re getting into science fiction,” smiled Liam.
“No, this is science reality,” I said.  “We have spent thirty years in this Lab developing the HDNA genome to save the brain when an organism should otherwise be dead.”
“Zombies?” smiled Liam.
“These are not zombies, Mister Grey!” I said sternly.  “This is biomedical genius!  Upon the influx of calcium into the brain cells, the HDNA provirus during the second stage kicks in as a backup plan to save the brain.  The brain cells threatened with apoptosis send signals to the other cells of the body to do two very important things.  One, it activates the HDNA provirus inside the cells of the capillaries to increase their permeability, thereby allowing oxygen and nutrients to enter the interstitial fluid despite the drop in hydrostatic pressure.  Second, the HDNA genome tells the non-brain cells to convert to anaerobic metabolism to the extent necessary to save the oxygen in the interstitial fluid for the brain cells.  Together, these modifications to the human genome increase the survival time of brain cells from minutes to hours, and sometimes even days.  More importantly, by saving the brain for this substantial length of time, HDNARV allows us the opportunity to provide medical treatment to a person who should otherwise be dead.  Meaning we can save someone days after their heart has stopped beating.”
“Now for the disclaimer?” laughed Liam.  “Side effects include vomiting, compulsions, hallucinations, psychotic rambling, and an insatiable desire for human flesh?”
“Once again, Mister Grey,” I said.  “These are not zombies.  However, the HDNA genome can only save a brain for so long because, without a proper functioning heart, the rest of the human body is essentially dead.  The lungs do not breathe in more oxygen.  And the digestive system does not digest any nutrients.  Instead, the only source of oxygen and nutrients is whatever remains inside the body at the time of death that can find its way into the interstitial fluid.”
“Bummer,” sighed Liam.
“However, we are able to extend the life of a brain indefinitely by introducing an alternate source of blood into the organism.”
“Human flesh?”
“Pig blood,” I said.  “With increased permeability throughout a test subject upon activation of the HDNA provirus, we have been able to supply oxygen and nutrients to our test subjects by inserting a tube as close to the brain as possible.  This means that as long as an external source of blood is supplied to these organisms, their brains are able to survive indefinitely.”
“Come on, Doctor Sanjay,” smiled Liam.  “You’re telling me these aren’t zombies?”
“These are not zombies, Mister Grey!” I said.  “Not once has a single one of our test subjects gotten up from the lab table and eaten a human being!”
“Life finds a way, Doctor Sanjay.”
“Excuse me?”
“Jurassic Park,” laughed Liam.  “Life.  Finds.  A.  Way.”
“Mister Grey,” I said.  “Did you understand anything at all that I just said?”
“To be honest?” laughed Liam.  “I know I told you not to dumb it down.  But I think you lost me after the part about the poop.”
“Are there any parts other than the poop that you would like me to go over again?”
“I have crayons,” said Liam.  “Can you maybe draw me a picture?”
“You actually brought crayons with you?”
“Sure did,” said Liam confidently.  “Everyone at GBR uses crayons.  Especially when they’re talking to me.”
“I guess it’s come down to this,” I said, preparing to turn an entire genomic sequence into a kindergarten drawing.
“Just kidding,” said Liam, patting down his hazmat suit to feel around his body.  “The crayons are with my clothes.”
“And what are you wearing under your spacesuit?”
“Birthday suit,” giggled Liam.  “There’s nothing better than a rubber wedgie.”
“Okay?” I cringed.  “How about I just show you the virus?”
“Bingo!”

6
Biological Tickory Tocker

“Back it up, baby!” said Rajaroni as a refrigerated delivery truck backed down the ramp on the east side of the Lab.  “I’m gonna guide your landing!”
“Get the hell outta my frick’n way!” yelled the driver, backing up to the loading dock.  “You trying to get run over today?”
“Come on, misteroni,” said Rajaroni.  “You’re two minutes late today.  Our animals are getting thirsty.”
“Raj, get the carts ready,” said Miwa as the driver exited his truck.  “Good morning, Larry.”
“Every day with this frick’n kid,” said Larry, already in his grumpy mood.  “I’m backing up and he’s gotta be right up my frick’n—”
“Woo!” shrieked Rajaroni, swinging the back doors to the refrigerated truck open.  “Coldaroni in the trunkaroni!”
“Outta the way, kid,” said Larry, fastening on a back brace.  “I gotta get in the trunk.  And here’s to hoping for my luck day.  Maybe I’ll finally pull something in my back and collect my workers’ comp.”
“I’ll hold the cart steady,” said Miwa, positioning the cart against the truck’s bumper while Larry climbed inside.
“Really?” grunted Larry, fighting with the giant containers in the fridge.  “Thirty gallon drums of pig blood?  Are you people drinking this frick’n stuff?  Seriously, what the hell do you frick’n people do down here?”
“Just science,” said Miwa as Larry got ready to transfer the drum from the truck to the cart.
“Argh!” grunted Larry, awkwardly maneuvering the three hundred pound drum of pig blood.  “Son of a frick’n hairy mother and Joseph!”
Boom!
“Good job, Larry,” said Miwa as the drum landed on the cart.
“That’s just the first one,” exhaled Larry.  “Some genius placed an order for two drums today, just to give me a frick’n heart attack over here.”
“Doctor Albrecht thought we needed an extra one for our testing,” said Miwa, positioning a second cart for the next drum.  “But if it’s any consolation, I think we’re almost done with pig blood.”
“Seriously,” grunted Larry, starting on the second drum.  “What the hell do you people do with this much blood?  Are you people frick’n vampires?”
“It’s for the rats,” said Rajaroni.  “Those little guys just drink this stuff up.”
“You have rats?” asked Larry nervously.
“Don’t worry,” said Miwa.  “They’re all caged up on the other side of the Lab.”
“They better be,” grunted Larry, just about to get the second drum onto the cart.  “Rats scare the frick’n hell outta me.”
“What about the rataroni people?” asked Rajaroni.  “Do the rataroni people scare the frick’n hell outta you?”
“The frick’n who people?” said Larry.
“The rataroni people like Giuseppe?”
“Who the hell is Giuseppe?”
“Bam!” smiled Rajaroni, pulling the fat rat out of his pocket.  “Giuseppe!”
“Ahhh!” screamed Larry, losing his grip on the three hundred pound drum of pig blood.  “Rat!”
“Timber!” warned Rajaroni as the hunk of metal flew out of the trunk.
Boom!
“Bullseye!” said Rajaroni, moving the cart to catch the drum perfectly.
“Larry, watch out!” warned Miwa as the overweight truck driver lost his balance.  “Grab onto something!”
“Help!” shrieked Larry, tumbling backwards out of the truck.
Smack!
“Ow!” cried Larry, landing flat on his back.  “My back!  Oh my frick’n back!”
“Larry, are you alright?” panicked Miwa.  “Can you move?”
“Help me up,” said Larry, reaching for Miwa’s hand.  “I think I’ve pulled something.  Right in my frick’n back.”
“How bad are you hurt?”
“No, this might be good,” said Larry, starting to show a smile.  “It’s bad, but I’m not paralyzed.  And you all witnessed this, right?  I’m on the job?  The accident happened on the job?”
“So you’re okay?” asked Miwa.
“I will be tomorrow,” smiled Larry, skipping around with a limp.  “As soon as I file my workers’ comp claim and quit my frick’n job.  Looks like I’ll be retiring early, baby!”
“Congratulations, misteroni,” said Rajaroni, trying to shake the injured guy’s hand.  “I wish you only the best in your retirement.”
“Yeah!” laughed Larry, shaking Rajaroni’s hand.  “I won’t be seeing no more of you, freak!”
“Are you sure you’re alright?” asked Miwa.
“I’m great!” smiled Larry, hopping back into his truck to drive away.  “Don’t expect to see me tomorrow!  I’ll be sleeping late!  And good luck to your new chump not breaking his frick’n back!”
“That’s the happiest I’ve ever seen him,” said Miwa as Larry drove up the ramp and sped away.
“That guy’s weird,” said Rajaroni, making a face.
“Are you ready?” asked Miwa, spinning one of the carts around to head towards the Animal Testing Lab.  “Time for our leg workout, Raj.”
“Should we race?” asked Rajaroni, starting to push the second cart.
“Power walk,” said Miwa.  “Let’s try not to run anyone over with three hundred pounds of blood.”
“Okey dokey, Doctor Ling.”
“Who’s screaming out there?” asked Caleb, exiting the Bizarre Experiments Lab as Rajaroni approached the door with his three hundred pound cart.
“Beep!  Beep!” warned Rajaroni, driving the cart right over Caleb’s foot.
Thump!
“Ahhh!” shrieked Caleb as his foot got crushed by the cart’s wheel.
“Whoopsy,” cringed Rajaroni.
Thump!
“Ahhh!” shrieked Caleb again as the back wheel rolled over his same foot.  “My foot!  Oh god!  You broke my foot!”
“What is he screaming about?” asked Miwa, turning around to check out the commotion.
“Beats me,” said Rajaroni, continuing along like nothing happened.
“I was gonna say I felt sorry for Doctor Wacky,” said Miwa.  “Getting stuck with that kid as his intern.  But honestly?  I think they kind of fit together perfectly.”
“Speaking of interns,” said Rajaroni, strolling down the hallway side by side.  “What ever happened to Daisy?”
“That’s a good question,” laughed Miwa.  “I haven’t seen Daisy in like three weeks.  Doctor Wacky said he had something special to show Daisy.  Something about her being a true flower girl.  So I sent her down to his lab real quick.  Well, I never saw or heard from her again.  He probably showed her one of his latest monstrosities, and just scared the living hell out of her.”
“I guess it all works out,” said Rajaroni.  “Proffy doesn’t really have much for me to do anyway.  And it’s good for me to get my hands dirty in the lab with you for more experience.  Not to mention my Rataroni Genus Project that’s been consuming a lot of my time.”
“Yeah, I don’t know what’s going on with Sanjay.”
“I think Proffy likes you.”
“Really?” laughed Miwa.  “What gave that away?”
“So what do you think about Proffy?” asked Rajaroni, trying to play matchmaker.
“I wouldn’t go on a date with Sanjay if he were the last man on earth,” said Miwa.  “I’m telling you, there’s something wrong with his brain.  One day he’s a perfect gentleman.  Professional and even fun to work with.  But then the next day he’s like an immature middle schooler.  It’s like he doesn’t understand you can’t just go around slapping people on their backsides.  And it’s not like I’m some secretary working in a chauvinistic office building.  We’re literally in a science lab.  The people here are supposed to have some common sense.  Do you know what I mean?”
“I know exactly what you mean,” said Rajaroni, trying to pull the door open to the Animal Testing Lab.
“Raj, you gotta push,” whispered Miwa.  “Wheel the blood right into the fridge.”
“So what kind of event is this tonight?” asked Rajaroni.  “Should I be wearing a bowtie?  Should I bring a date?”
“Raj, it’s a science conference,” laughed Miwa.  “Just put on the dorkiest suit you have, and yes, a bowtie would probably be appropriate.  As for the date, it’s probably safe to assume that no one in the room has a girlfriend.”
“What about you?” asked Rajaroni.  “Who’s that guy you like?  Tall, pale, and handsome?”
“Jason?”
“Yeah,” smiled Rajaroni.  “Professor Wong?”
“I don’t really like him,” said Miwa.  “He’s mostly just to annoy the hell out of my mom.  Every time she calls she’s like: Who are you dating now?  Are you dating a scientist yet?  When are you gonna find a scientist?  You know you need to find someone with a real degree?  Why don’t you wanna marry a scientist?  Do you want your children to grow up stupid?  She just makes me wanna rip out my hair.  You should’ve seen her face the first time I introduced her to Jason.  She was in awe.  His nicely pressed suit.  His towering body.  His manly jawline.”
“What exactly is a manly jawline?”
“And then I told her he was a psychologist,” smiled Miwa, trying to hold in her laughter.  “I thought she was gonna drop dead!”
“Sounds like a match made in heaven.”
“Yeah, but I’ve had just about enough,” said Miwa.  “I just have to figure out the best way to get rid of the guy.  He’s getting way too serious.  I told him he didn’t need to come to the conference tonight, but he’s like, no, we need to support each other’s careers.  Like now that’s getting a little creepy.  What’s he gonna do next?  Pop the question?  I mean, we’ve only been going out for like six months.”
“Do you ever get worried about your biological tickory tocker?” asked Rajaroni.
“Excuse me?”
“You know?” said Rajaroni.  “Doctor Wacky still doesn’t have a girlfriend—”
“That’s because Doctor Wacky is . . . you know . . . wacky.”
“And Doctor Fetzer is going gray,” continued Rajaroni.  “And Doctor Albrecht is single.”
“Doctor Albrecht has a wife.”
“Really?”
“Doctor Albrecht doesn’t talk much about his personal life,” said Miwa.  “I hear Misses Albrecht mostly keeps to herself at home, and neither of them have been the same since their son passed away.”
“Doctor Albrecht’s got a kid?”
“I think he passed away like decades ago,” said Miwa.  “Something with his heart or something.”
“Wow,” laughed Rajaroni.  “And all this time I thought Doctor Albrecht was married to his work.”
“He is,” said Miwa.  “I’ve been working in the Lab for almost ten years.  Not once have I seen Doctor Albrecht go home at night.  And I’ve never gotten into the Lab before him.  Honestly, I’m not sure if he ever even leaves this place.”
“I wish I was married to my work,” said Rajaroni, checking the rat in his pocket.  “Me and Giuseppe would do so much cool stuff together.”
Ring!  Ring!  Ring!
“Do you want me to get that?” asked Rajaroni as the phone rang in the Animal Testing Lab.
“Doctor Reddy,” said Miwa, reading the caller name on the phone before answering.  “Hello, Sanjay.”
“Miwa,” I said.  “Where is Raj?”
“He’s right here,” said Miwa.  “Are you looking for him?”
“Hey, Proffy!” shouted Rajaroni.  “Does Proffy wanna talk to me?”
“Miwa,” I said sternly.  “I’m bringing Mister Grey around.  You need to get rid of Raj.  Now!”
“Jeez,” said Miwa.  “Relax, Sanjay.”
“Supernova of galactic stupidity!” I warned.
“I got it, Sanjay,” said Miwa before hanging up.
“Proffy’s looking for me?” asked Rajaroni.
“He said you should take a break and go get some lunch,” said Miwa.  “He says you’ve been working real hard lately.”
“Lunch now?” asked Rajaroni.  “It’s between noon and one.  Who eats lunch between noon and one?  Besides, I’ve got those binders to finish for tonight.”
“Don’t worry about the binders,” said Miwa.  “That’s just busy work.  Nobody even looks at those things anyway.”
“Giuseppe, are you hungry?” asked Rajaroni, peeking into his pocket.  “No, you’re not hungry yet either, right?  Wait, you are?  I know, I know, Giuseppe.  But we’re having spaghetti tonight.  You can’t have too many meatballs in one day.  Well I don’t know what we’re gonna have for lunch.  Ratatouille?  You want me to grab your little friend?  Alright, we’ll see if he’s got any cuisine ideas.”
“Did you just—?” began Miwa in shock.
“Have a conversation with a rataroni?” asked Rajaroni.  “Yup.”
“And the rat understands you?”
“Sure does,” said Rajaroni, grabbing a second rat out of a cage.  “Giuseppe is way smarter than your average rat.”
“You know those rats aren’t really supposed to leave the Lab?”
“What can go wrong?” said Rajaroni, heading for the door.  “If anyone’s looking for me, I’ll be up in the cafeteria with the rataronies.”

7
Reese’s Pieces Monkey

“I now present to you,” I said, suspensefully flicking on the lights to one of the large science labs, “the Animal Testing Lab!”
“No way,” smiled Liam as the entire lab lit up.
“Where the hell is everything?” I said to myself as the lights revealed a completely empty lab.  “Miwa?  Miwa, are you in here?”
“How’d you do that?” laughed Liam, completely in awe of something stupid.
“Miwa, where the hell are you!” I shouted.  “Miwa?  Miwa!  Oh, wait.  I think we might be in the wrong lab.  That’s what happens when you never leave your office.”
“Doctor Sanjay,” laughed Liam in amazement.  “This is awesome!”
“Mister Grey, I do not appreciate your sarcasm.”
“It went from dark, to completely bright!” laughed Liam.  “And all you did was press one little button.  A flick of a switch!”
“You’re not joking, are you?”
“Your whole science lesson before?” said Liam.  “Zoom!  Right over my head!  But now that I’m seeing the virus in person?  This just may be the greatest invention I’ve ever seen in my life!”
“Mister Grey, that was a light switch.”
“And that light switch is gonna make us billions!”
“Mister Grey, I did not invent the light switch.”
“Don’t be humble, Doctor Sanjay,” smiled Liam, roughing me up on the shoulder.  “We’re gonna put these light switch viruses in every home!  Light up the entire world!”
“Mister Grey, these light switches are already in every home.”
“Really?” asked Liam.  “How’d you do that so quickly?”
“Mister Grey, we have had light switches for over a hundred years.”
“I gotta call my dad,” said Liam, taking out his cell phone.  “Phone, call dad!”
“Mister Grey, there is no cell phone reception in the Lab,” I said.  “Also, I am sorry to inform you that—”
“Can I use this phone?” asked Liam, picking up the landline.  “Operator, call dad!”
“Mister Grey, do you know how to use a phone?”
“No, not a guy named dad,” laughed Liam, talking to the operator.  “My dad.  His name?  Do you mean like daddy?  Oh, his actual name?  Liam Grey.  Wait, just kidding.  That’s my name.  His name’s William Grey.  Thanks, operator.  It’s going through, Doctor Sanjay.”
“Mister Grey, I just want to let you know that—”
“Dad,” laughed Liam as the call went through.  “Yeah, everything’s going great.  I’m right here with Doctor Sanjay.  You wouldn’t believe what he just showed me.  Wait, hold on.  Let me put this on speaker so the egghead can hear.  Yo, Doctor Sanjay.  How do I put this on speaker?”
“Just press the speaker button,” I said, putting the call on speaker for the excited boy.
“Okay, so where was I?” said Liam, losing his train of thought.
“Doctor Reddy?” said Doctor William Grey.  “I take it everything is going smoothly?  And Liam hasn’t gotten himself into any trouble?”
“Everything is going great, Doctor Grey,” I said.  “Your son and I were just about to take a tour around the Lab to meet our scientists and take a look at our progress on HDNARV.”
“There’s more to the tour?” asked Liam.  “What else can you show me?  I’ve seen all I need to see!”
“Don’t get carried away, Liam,” chuckled William.  “Remember you are Doctor Reddy’s guest today.”
“Dad, you wouldn’t believe this,” said Liam, going crazy.  “Doctor Sanjay invented this thing called a light switch.  I don’t know how to explain it.  He just flipped a switch, and then the whole room went from dark to bright.”
“Liam,” said William with disappointment.  “I’ve explained this to you before.  And I’ve shown you how to use the light switch.”
“What are you saying, dad?”
“You need to remember these things, son.”
“Are you saying the light switch is not the virus?”
“Mister Grey,” I said.  “The light switch is not the virus.”
“Forget that then,” said Liam.  “Dad, did you know these light switches are already in every home?”
“Yes, son,” said William.  “You have them in your apartment too.  And in your office.”
“No way,” said Liam with a big smile.  “You mean I can light up my whole apartment at bedtime just by flipping a switch?”
“Would you like me to send my assistant over to show you how to use the light switches again?”
“Your hot assistant?”
“Would you prefer the hot assistant?” asked William.
“Oh yeah,” giggled Liam.
“Then I will send my hot assistant.”
“Thanks, daddy-o,” said Liam before hanging up.  “You’re the best.  Talk to you later.”
“I apologize for the detour,” I said, leading Liam back into the hallway.  “The Animal Testing Lab is in the top left of the sideways eight.  Not the bottom left.”
“You gotta get your boobs right, Doctor Sanjay.”
“This is the Animal Testing Lab,” I said, entering the correct lab.  “Miwa, what happened to the Biotechnology Lab?  It’s completely empty.”
“I think Doctor Rubato and the nerds are at some robo war competition,” said Miwa.  “They packed up all their biotech equipment and artificial organ systems last week and headed to the city with their murderous robot.  I think they’re supposed to be coming back tomorrow morning.”
“So that’s why it’s been so quiet around here lately?”
“Who’s the hottie?” whispered Liam.
“This is Doctor Miwa Ling,” I said.  “She—”
“Is she your girlfriend?”
“No, she is not my girlfriend.”
“What are you waiting for, Doctor Sanjay?” asked Liam.  “You two would look perfect together.”
“It doesn’t work like that, Mister Grey,” I whispered.  “Just because I’m Indian and she’s Asian doesn’t mean we would be perfect together.”
“Really?  Isn’t that how it is in like every TV show?”
“This is not a TV show, Mister Grey,” I whispered.  “This is a professional work environment, and the hot Asian scientist is not my girlfriend.”
“Are you talking about me?” asked Miwa, coming closer to join the secret conversation.
“Miwa,” I smiled, innocently turning my head to face her.  “Hi, what’s going on, colleague?”
“Are you on drugs?”
“I think he likes you,” whispered Liam.
“Well that’s obvious,” said Miwa.  “And you must be Mister Grey?”
“Liam,” said Liam, reaching out to shake Miwa’s hand.  “Mister Grey is my dad.  Well actually his name’s daddy.  But people call him Doctor Grey.  So I guess I am Mister Grey.  But you can just call me Liam.”
“Liam, it is a pleasure to meet you,” said Miwa.  “I don’t know how much Sanjay has told you so far, but I am the lead scientist for testing our Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis Retrovirus on animal subjects.  Mostly rats and rhesus monkeys.”
“Yum,” smiled Liam.
“Excuse me?”
“He thinks you meant a Reese’s Pieces monkey,” I said.
“You’ve seen him?” asked Doctor Wacky, poking his head into the Animal Testing Lab.  “Which way did the little monkey go?”
“Goodbye, Doctor Wacky,” I said, closing the lab door.
“If you will come this way,” said Miwa, directing us towards the scientists working in the Animal Testing Lab.  “We have our rat and monkey test subjects set up on these six rows where they can be easily monitored by our team members.  Our test subjects date back to as far as five years ago when Sanjay and Doctor Albrecht perfected their modifications to our retrovirus template.  At that point, we were able to begin controlled testing because their modifications reduced the risk of mutation during reverse transcription.  Now although all of our test subjects continue to show brain activity, you will notice a substantial variation in the condition of their bodies.  This is due to a number of factors.  The two most important variables tested include the length of time since heart failure and the amount of blood supplied to the organism.  And of course, not all of our test subjects carry the latest version of the virus, as we have made numerous modifications over the past five years to perfect the sequence.”
“So where are these animals?” asked Liam, scanning the equipment and scientists in the Animal Testing Lab.  “How about we do some show and tell with a little less telling and a lot more showing?”
“I do have to warn you,” said Miwa, leading us down the first row in the Animal Testing Lab.  “What you are about to see can be a bit nauseating.”
“What is this, some kind of tour?” asked Doctor Alphonso, tending to the first row of rat test subjects.  “Because I can be a great tour guide.  Ladies and gentlemen, if you will please direct your attention this way, you will see our oldest living residents.  If you can even call them living.  Their hearts haven’t pumped any blood at all in nearly five years.  In fact, I’m not even sure where their hearts are anymore.  Let alone the rest of their bodies.”
“Very interesting,” said Liam, taking in the sight of tubes pumping blood into decapitated rat heads.
“That’s it?” I asked.  “Just interesting?”
“Yeah,” said Liam, trying to maintain his composure.  “I’ve got a couple of these in my apartment.”
“Decapitated rat heads being fed by tubes?” asked Doctor Alphonso.  “Sir, I’m pretty sure you do not have decapitated rat heads in your apartment unless you are testing viruses.”
“So this is for the virus?” asked Liam.
“Why else would we have decapitated rat heads?” I asked.
“Oh, good,” laughed Liam.  “I didn’t wanna look stupid again like I did with the whole light switch incident.”
“I understand, Mister Grey.”
“Well if that’s the case, do you mind passing me that trash can?”
“Okay?” I said, passing over the trash can.
“Hurgh!” vomited Liam.
“Sir, are you okay?” asked Miwa.
“Things sometimes come a little slow to me,” said Liam with his face in the trash can.  “But where the heck are the rest of those bodies?”
“The decapitated rats have been here the longest,” said Miwa.  “They were injected with one of our earliest versions of the virus.  Even after being fed for nearly five years by an artificial blood supply, those test subjects still show neurological activity.  Unfortunately, the level of blood supplied to each of the subjects was not enough to maintain every cell of the organism.  And as you can see, they no longer have their bodies.  One cause for loss of the body is that anaerobic metabolism by the non-brain cells can continue only for so long before the organism begins to suffer lactic acidosis.”
“Lactic acid?” said Liam.  “Lactic acid is good for you, Doctor Miwa.  You gotta feel the burn to build muscle.”
“This level of lactate can be harmful to the organism,” said Miwa.  “Similarly, without oxygenated blood, the organism will suffer rigor mortis, or stiffness of death, even while the brain continues to function.  Even worse, without sufficient nutrients being supplied to the test subject’s body, the non-brain cells cannot survive, leading to decomposition of the body over time.  In fact, the skin around the skull of those rats is basically rotten flesh.”
“So the brain is alive while the body decomposes?” said Liam.  “And they’re not zombies?”
“I guess you could call them zombies,” said Miwa.
“They are not zombies!” I protested.
“They’re zombies that don’t eat people, if that makes any sense?”
“Life finds a way, Doctor Miwa,” said Liam.  “Life.  Finds.  A.  Way.”
“Mister Grey!” I snapped.  “This is not Jurassic Park!  And these are not zombies!  This is HDNARV!”
“If you want my endorsement, Doctor Sanjay, you’re gonna have to show me something cool.”
“You are not here for an endorsement, Mister Grey,” I said.  “You are here to learn about HDNARV.  And then you are to report our discussions today back to Doctor Grey to continue our funding on this very important project.”
“Bingo!” said Liam.
“Bingo?” asked Miwa.
“Don’t ask,” I said, rolling my eyes.  “It means he understands something.”
“So these rats are doing better,” said Liam, walking down to the next row where the test subjects still had their entire bodies.  “You decided not to chop their heads off?”
“These test subjects were infected with a more advanced version of the virus,” said Miwa, directing our attention to the two dozen rats lying stiff with blood tubes inserted into their mouths.  “Of course there is only so much you can do with a genome before you make it completely useless.  There are tradeoffs to everything.  If you increase permeability within an organism to save the brain, you then have to deal with the problem of waste buildup in the interstitial fluid.  We do our best to solve these problems, but there is only so much genetic information you can introduce with a retrovirus, and only so much you can modify in the human genome without causing adverse consequences to the normal functioning of an organism.”
“You’re talking about Frankenstein, Doctor Miwa?”
“I’m talking about lymph,” said Miwa.  “With all the organs, except for the brain, being essentially dead, the lymphatic system ceases to function.  This means waste product in the interstitial fluid isn’t removed from the body, but instead, just continues to soak the organism’s cells.”
“And that’s bad,” said Liam confidently before whispering to me.  “Doctor Sanjay, that’s bad, right?”
“But we’ve been making progress,” said Miwa, continuing to the last row of rat test subjects.  “Just last night, we analyzed the data on our most recent test subjects.  This latest version of the genome has been the most successful on both rats and monkeys, and with a few minor modifications, we believe the virus will be ready for human trials.”
“So why do I have a PhD?” asked Doctor Boppenheimer, monitoring two dozen mobile test subjects.  “I’m telling you, you don’t need a brain for this job.  Just quick reflexes.  Like a giant gas station attendant with two dozen pumps.  Shove a bloody tube into one rat, and a bloody tube pops out of another rat.  All day, these tubes are going in and out.  Got me working up a sweat over here.”
“These are our most successful test subjects,” said Miwa, pointing to the two dozen lab rats crawling around.  “As you can see, these rats are still mobile.”
“Mobile?” laughed Liam.  “You turned them into tortoises!”
“They are slow,” said Miwa.  “But they continue to display full neural activity.  And for the most part, the remaining cells in their body continue to survive.  Of course we don’t expect the rest of their body to survive indefinitely, as that would require supplying a substantial amount of blood to the test subjects to support both the brain and non-brain cells.  Plus, saving the body requires us to periodically drain any lymph or other waste buildup that the provirus cannot eliminate on its own.  Instead, as in our last batch of test subjects, we expect the non-brain cells will decompose over time.  But these concerns aren’t the main focus of HDNARV.  Instead, our most recent modifications are designed to save the nervous system for as long as possible, while also minimizing the amount of permanent damage suffered between the time of heart failure and resuscitation.”
“So you can scare the hell out of your test subjects?” laughed Liam.
“Not that kind of nervous system,” I said.  “We’re talking about the neural network that allows your brain to send signals throughout your body.  That way you can move your limbs and walk around.”
“You know what you need, Doctor Sanjay?” said Liam.  “A second brain.  Right in the butt.  Like the stegosaurus.  That way you can swing your giant spiky tail around.”
“Mister Grey, I do not have a tail,” I sassed back.
“Then that’s what you need,” laughed Liam.  “If you show me a tail, Doctor Sanjay, I will endorse your park.”
“For the last frick’n time, Mister Grey!” I snapped.  “This is not Jurassic Park!”
“Ooh, those must be the Reese’s monkeys?” said Liam, wandering off to continue the tour.
“These monkeys were injected with our latest version of the Simian Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis Retrovirus,” said Miwa, directing our attention to the monkey testing area.  “As you can see, the activity of the monkeys is very similar to the last group of rats.”
“Yeah,” laughed Liam.  “Slow!”
“And like the rats, one of our scientists must continuously tend to the monkeys to ensure they are properly supplied with blood.  Otherwise, the test subjects’ cells will undergo programmed cell death due to a lack of oxygen and nutrients.”
“So as long as they keep sucking up blood, they can live forever?”
“Well, not exactly forever,” said Miwa.  “HDNARV can only delay death.  If proper medical treatment isn’t provided to an HDNA infected subject, the organism will go through a series of stages, culminating in death.”
“So they’re just waiting to die?”
“The HDNA provirus is essentially a regulator of permeability throughout the organism and its cells,” said Miwa.  “Upon the influx of calcium into neuronal cells, the provirus kicks in to maintain the integrity of the mitochondrial membrane in order to prevent apoptosis causing proteins from being released into the cell’s cytosol.  The provirus also increases permeability throughout the organism, specifically the capillaries, to allow oxygen and nutrients to reach the brain.  Together, this first stage protects the brain from suffering permanent damage, and is reversible if medical treatment can restore the organism’s body back to its proper functioning within a certain amount of time.”
“Step two?” smiled Liam.  “Zombification!”
“Sort of,” said Miwa.  “If proper functioning of the heart and other organs cannot be restored in time, the provirus still protects the brain, but the organism’s body will suffer irreversible damage.  For example, the provirus continues to reduce permeability throughout the body so that blood can easily reach the brain.  However, once permeability reaches a certain level, it becomes impossible to restore proper function to the organism’s body due to the extent of degradation.  Basically, the inside of the organism’s body degrades into mush.  At this point, the organism will continue to maintain brain function, but its other organs will be permanently dead.”
“We’re getting closer to zombies, Doctor Miwa.”
“The final stage is decomposition,” continued Miwa.  “Because waste product accumulates in the extracellular fluid, and the lymphatic system can no longer purify the fluid, the organism’s cells eventually undergo apoptosis or necrosis, resulting in widespread cell death.  Basically the decay of everything but the brain.”
“Rotten flesh?”
“Exactly,” said Miwa.  “As you saw with our first rat test subjects.  But as long as we continue to supply blood to the organism, we are able to save the brain indefinitely.”
“You mean as long as they drink blood?” said Liam spookily.
“Not drink,” said Miwa.  “Once the provirus kicks in, the digestive system is essentially useless because nutrients can’t be absorbed into a natural blood supply and pumped throughout the body by the circulatory system.”
“So you guys have no idea what the heck you’re doing then?” laughed Liam.
“Are you familiar with jellyfish, Liam?” asked Miwa.
“Like from Spongebob?”
“Exactly,” said Miwa.  “Humans, like you and me, have what you call a closed circulatory system where blood is pumped through vessels by a beating heart in order to circulate oxygen and nutrients throughout our bodies.  Some animals, such as insects, have what you call an open circulatory system, meaning they don’t have any blood vessels.  Instead, rather than there being a separation between the blood and interstitial fluid, these animals are filled with a fluid called hemolymph which freely moves in a cavity called the hemocoel.”
“Big words,” said Liam, getting confused.
“Basically, rather than blood being pumped through vessels, the blood is free to flow wherever it wants in the body.”
“Okay, so forget the zombies,” laughed Liam.  “You’re making insectoid monsters.”
“Well, not exactly,” said Miwa.  “Since HDNA only increases permeability within an organism, and since there’s no heart or other system to distribute blood throughout the body, the blood basically just soaks the organism’s cells, and flows only to the extent that the animal’s movement causes the blood to whoosh around.” 
“Whoosh?” I said.  “Is that a new science term?”
“I understand the whooshing part,” said Liam.  “But the rest of what you just said?  I’m not so sure that was English.”
“I’m saying that unlike organisms with no circulatory system,” said Miwa, “or organisms with an open circulatory system, HDNA is not an efficient means of distributing blood throughout a human body.”
“So your virus is completely useless?”
“Not exactly,” said Miwa.  “The type of open circulatory system created by the HDNA provirus is sufficient to save the brain for a limited time when the natural circulatory system of a human fails.  But this system is not a viable alternative for long term survival absent a more direct source of blood to the brain.”
“So now we’re back to the zombies?” asked Liam.
“No, we’re back to the jellyfish,” said Miwa.  “Jellyfish have what you call a gastrovascular cavity—”
“Say that one more time.”
“Gastrovascular cavity.”
“Bad breath?” laughed Liam.  “Lots of smelly gases?”
“Not a tooth cavity,” I said.
“Gastrovascular cavity,” continued Miwa.  “It’s basically the mouth of the jellyfish which is used to digest and circulate nutrients for the organism.  Similarly, the HDNA provirus operates to increase the permeability of an organism, allowing the mouth to absorb blood into the interstitial fluid so that the brain cells can be supplied with nutrients and oxygen.  However, since the gastrovascular type cavity created by the provirus only absorbs, and can’t actually digest anything, blood is essentially the only food the organism can consume.”
“So we’re right back where we started,” said Liam.  “You’re creating zombies.”
“Oh my god,” I sighed, rolling my eyes.  “Did you literally listen to nothing she just said?”
“These aren’t zombies,” laughed Miwa.  “Sure, they require blood to survive, but the provirus doesn’t cause the organism to crave blood or kill to obtain a blood supply.  In fact, you might assume our test subjects would learn to recognize the blood as their source of oxygen and nutrition, but without a scientist keeping the tubes inserted, our test subjects are essentially helpless.”
“You better hope it stays that way,” said Doctor Tooley, fearfully tending to a dozen undead monkeys.  “I can stick tubes into dead animals all day to pay the bills.  In fact, I’d stick things just about anywhere to pay my bills.  But I’m telling you, if these zombie monkeys start trying to attack me, I’m running for my life.  I’m getting the hell out of here before someone triggers the emergency lockdown system and traps us all down in the basement with zombies.”
“You’ll be fine, Doctor,” laughed Miwa before turning back to Liam.  “Without a properly functioning body, our test subjects, despite maintaining brain activity, seem not to care about survival once the provirus kicks in.  Their brain just doesn’t know that it needs to eat once the rest of the body is dead.  You have to understand, this entire process is very unnatural for the animals.”
“What?” laughed Liam.  “Being dead?”
“Well . . . yeah,” said Miwa.  “The HDNA provirus recognizes the cells of the nervous system as the most important.  So as long as we provide an adequate blood supply to the brain, we can keep the organism alive long after the rest of the body has died, as you saw with our first rat test subjects.”
“So you guys are like heroes?” said Liam.  “You saved these rats and monkeys from death?”
“Well, not really,” said Miwa.  “In order to study the HDNA genome we had to kill the test subjects.”
“Miwa stabbed them straight through the heart,” I said.  “Just like she does to me every day.”
“Does the ASPCA know about this?” asked Liam.
“Ha!” I laughed.  “If the ASPCA had any idea what Doctor Wacky does down here?  This whole Lab would get shut down!”
“There is one problem however,” continued Miwa.  “Due to the increased size and intelligence, the needs of a monkey’s brain is substantially greater than that of a rat’s brain.”
“And now we get into the side effects?” asked Liam.
“Without a constant supply of oxygenated blood, the monkey’s brain cannot maintain full neural capability.”
“Both of you,” laughed Liam.  “Using your big fancy words.”
“Without enough blood, the entire brain doesn’t survive,” said Miwa.  “With a brain as large and as intelligent as the rhesus monkey, the most complex portions of the brain are the first to deteriorate.  The brain stem, as the most important part of the brain for life, survives the longest.  But eventually, without enough blood, even the brain stem will fail, resulting in permanent death of the test subject.”
“So you basically just prolonged their death?” said Liam.  “That way you could torture them for as long as possible?”
“You have to understand,” said Miwa, “we have no intention to use HDNARV to maintain a human in a perpetual vegetative state.  The purpose of the provirus is to save the brain long enough so that proper medical treatment can be provided to an individual who would otherwise be dead.  This extra time will vastly increase our chances of saving people from a variety of illnesses or accidents.  For example, a person suffering heart failure has only a few minutes before suffering permanent brain damage.  The HDNA provirus substantially increases this time, allowing us to restore the heart before any permanent damage is done to the brain.”
“Okay,” said Liam, absorbing all of the information.  “So now what does all of this have to do with the poop?”
“Excuse me?”
“Doctor Sanjay was telling me all about how my cells drink lots of milk and then poop out bad stuff that the virus gobbles up.”
“What?” said Miwa, scrunching her face in confusion.  “Sanjay, what the hell were you teaching him for the past half hour?”
“Ischemia induced apoptosis,” I said confidently.
“And where did you go to school?”
“I sat right behind you in class.”
“Oh,” said Miwa.  “Well that explains a lot.”
“He’s got the hots for you, Doctor Miwa,” joked Liam.
“I’m warning you,” said Miwa, looking me dead in the eyes.  “You better behave around Jason tonight.  You pull any of your crap and I’m going straight to HR.”
“Lab drama,” laughed Liam.
“Not in front of the guest,” I whispered to Miwa.  “We’re supposed to look professional today.”
“So is this the end of the tour then?” asked Liam.
“I think I showed you everything,” said Miwa.  “Our testing has been very successful, and with the final modifications to HDNARV by Doctor Fetzer, we should have a virus ready for human trials.  Of course human trials will require a substantial amount of funding, and none of this would be possible without the support of Doctor Grey and GBR.”
“Daddy does it out of the kindness of his heart,” said Liam proudly.
“Yeah,” I laughed.  “And for the seventy percent of profits he plans to skim off the top.”
“Do you have any questions?” asked Miwa.
“Actually, I’m kind of getting hungry, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “I think it’s time for my third meal of the day.”
“You just had three plates of chicken nuggets,” I said.  “Like an hour and a half ago.”
“Dino nuggets,” corrected Liam.  “Like I said, you gotta eat every two hours or else you wither away into a wimp.”
“Would you like more dino nuggets, Mister Grey?” I asked.  “Or is the vending machine okay this time?”
“You got trail mix, Doctor Sanjay?”
“Yes, Mister Grey,” I sighed.  “We have trail mix.”
“Bingo!”

8
Ain’t Jemima

“Do you have a dollar twenty-five?” asked Liam, inspecting the trail mix in the vending machine.  “I think I tossed out my wallet with the rest of my clothes.”
“Sure, Mister Grey,” I sighed, pulling out my wallet.  “I have a dollar twenty-five for your trail mix.”
“You’re the man, Doctor Sanjay,” smiled Liam, roughing me up on the shoulder.
“Mister Grey, what exactly do you do at GBR?”
“This kind of stuff,” said Liam, putting my money into the vending machine.
“Visiting labs to monitor progress on the various projects funded by Doctor Grey?”
“That too,” said Liam, retrieving his trail mix.  “But mostly hanging around the vending machine at the office and checking my watch.  I gotta eat every two hours on the dot.  Not a minute sooner or later.  Besides that?  Sometimes I take a nap.  Usually twice a day.”
“Reese’s!” called Doctor Wacky, wandering through the lounge in the center hallway.  “Reese’s, where are you?”
“You got a dollar twenty-five?” asked Liam, pointing to the vending machine.  “Costs a dollar twenty-five.  But I gotta warn you, those are empty calories.”
“Not Reese’s the Pieces,” laughed Doctor Wacky.  “Reese’s the monkey.”
“Doctor Wacky,” I said.  “How much funding do you actually receive?”
“Twenty million per year,” said Doctor Wacky.  “But that is only on a good year, mind you.”
“Twenty million?” I gasped.  “And where exactly does this money come from?”
“Credit card,” smiled Doctor Wacky.
“And whose frick’n credit card has a twenty million dollar limit?”
“The University’s,” giggled Doctor Wacky.  “I took it from the Dean’s office when he was making a poopy.  No limit!”
“Oh, well isn’t that wonderful?” I said.  “Why control your budget when we can just hike our tuition rates?”
“Great to chat,” said Doctor Wacky, tiptoeing away.  “But I must find Reese’s before somebody eats the tasty monkey.”
“Do you think that guy can make me a T-Rex?” mumbled Liam with a mouthful of trail mix.
“Probably,” I said, taking a seat in the lounge.  “Of course it’ll probably bankrupt the University.”
“How much would something like that cost?”
“At least a couple million,” I said.  “Plus the collateral damage once that thing gets loose.”
“Don’t worry, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “I’ll train my T-Rex.”
“How’s it going, Sanjay?” asked Doctor Fetzer, heading to the vending machine for her afternoon candy bar.
“Actually,” I said, “I was just about to show Mister Grey around the Genetic Engineering Lab.”
“Liam?” smiled Doctor Fetzer, immediately blushing as they made eye contact.  “Oh my, Liam.  You’re all grown up now.  And what a big boy you are.  You look just like your father did at his age.  Minus the height and well developed muscles of course.”
“I get that all the time,” said Liam intelligently.  “I think it’s because daddy is my father.”
“Well no frick’n duh,” I blurted.
“Come,” said Doctor Fetzer after retrieving her candy bar.  “Walk with me, Liam.”
“I just wanna point out that Mister Grey is in his twenties.”
“Don’t worry,” laughed Doctor Fetzer as we followed her to the Genetic Engineering Lab.  “I just wanna show Liam the work I’ve been doing on HDNARV.”
“Have I met you before?” asked Liam.
“You probably don’t remember me,” said Doctor Fetzer, “but I was the woman hiding in the bushes that one time when you were around fifteen years old.  And then your father hurried away before calling the police?”
“I think I’m remembering now,” said Liam.  “You’re the lady on my syrup bottle?”
“Mister Grey,” I said.  “Doctor Fetzer is not Aunt Jemima.”
“Not Aunt Jemima,” laughed Liam.  “Misses Butterworth.”
“Ain’t Jemima,” laughed Doctor Fetzer.  “I could’ve been your mama.  If only Doctor Grey had the same feelings for me as I had for him.”
“Doctor Fetzer,” I said.  “Please tell me you didn’t kill his mother.”
“Of course not,” smiled Doctor Fetzer creepily.  “Inconclusive cause of death.  You can’t prove it!  Though I did of course hope for a second chance with Doctor Grey.”
“Let’s get back on track,” I said, opening the door to the Genetic Engineering Lab.  “Before Mister Grey gets hungry for his tenth mid-day snack.”
“This is the Genetic Engineering Lab,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “The lab where I’ve devoted the last thirty years of my life, cherishing every moment as a reminder of the time I spent down here so long ago with William.”
“Hey, that’s daddy’s name,” laughed Liam.
“Our two dozen or so scientists in the Genetic Engineering Lab work on modifying the genomic structure of various organisms,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “While the scientists in the Animal Testing Lab study the manipulated genes by testing them on animal subjects, here, we are responsible for actually engineering the genomes that are used for all of our projects.”
“Do you guys ever have nap time around here?” asked Liam.  “I’m kind of getting sleepy.”
“We are almost done with the tour, Mister Grey,” I said.  “You’ll have a couple hours for a nap before the conference tonight.”
“Coolio,” yawned Liam.
“And what I do in the lab,” smiled Doctor Fetzer, “I work on constructing the genome of HDNARV.  The very project your father is funding.  So even if I can’t be with my love in person, at least I can be a part of something connected to William.”
“Should I be taking over from here?” I asked.
“Okay, I guess I may have gotten a bit carried away,” said Doctor Fetzer, regaining her composure.  “As I was saying, I work on HDNARV.  Doctor Ling is responsible for collecting the test results in the Animal Testing Lab.  Doctor Albrecht then analyzes the results of our various test groups, focusing on the differences from one version of the virus to another, as well as the variables tested on each version of the genome.  All of this allows Doctor Albrecht to determine the proper modifications needed to correct the genome tested on rats and monkeys, and to adapt the modifications to the HDNA genome.  After this process, I then take Doctor Albrecht’s conclusions and revise the genome so that it can be tested again for further analysis.”
“This seems like a whole lot of work,” said Liam, getting confused.
“But we are getting closer to our goal,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “Our latest version of the virus tested on rats and monkeys has been the most promising.  I’m just waiting for Doctor Albrecht’s analysis on the last set of results, and then I’ll be able to develop a final genome that should be ready for human trials.”
“So you’re just gonna hand out viruses at the pharmacy?”
“That’s not how human trials work, Mister Grey,” I said.  “Considering the potential for consequential side effects—”
“Yup,” smiled Liam.  “I told you there were side effects.  Vomiting, compulsions, hallucinations, psychotic rambling, and an insatiable desire for human flesh!”
“Cancer, Mister Grey,” I said.  “When apoptosis is inhibited at the wrong time in a living organism, our test subjects have on occasion suffered a severe form of brain cancer.  Less commonly, a few of our test subjects have suffered reperfusion injury that even our latest modifications have not been able to solve.  So due to the potential for side effects during life, we plan to restrict our testing on humans to a small class of persons who would benefit the most from the HDNA provirus.  Specifically, we plan to work with the University Hospital.  Due to the speed at which the HDNA genome is incorporated into the human genome, we plan to keep the virus on standby at the Hospital and administer it in the most extreme cases where a patient would otherwise not survive long enough for traditional medical attention to be successful.”
“So you’re gonna bring people back to life?” smiled Liam, getting ready for his next comment.
“These are not zombies, Mister Grey,” I said.  “Our virus does not bring people back to life.  It prevents people from dying.”
“Life finds a way, Doctor Sanjay,” laughed Liam.  “Life.  Finds.  A—”
“Mister Grey!” I snapped.  “What the hell does that even mean?”
“Just quoting my spirit animal.  Doctor Ian Malcolm.  You gotta learn from your mistakes if you’re gonna keep your park open without any disasters.”
“Doctor Fetzer,” said Doctor Albrecht while rushing into the Genetic Engineering Lab.  “I have the revised sequence for you.”
“Already?” said Doctor Fetzer.
“She doesn’t have much time,” said Doctor Albrecht, handing over a modified sequence.  “We need the human virus as soon as possible.”
“It won’t take long, Doctor,” said Doctor Fetzer, taking the handwritten notes.  “I’ll have it done by the end of the day.”
“I’m gonna take one last look at the results,” said Doctor Albrecht before leaving the lab.  “See if I missed anything that we still have time to fix.”
“That was intense,” said Liam.
“What was that about?” I asked.  “She doesn’t have much time?”
“The conference tonight,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “Doctor Albrecht wants to have a final sequence ready in case we have to schmooze anyone for more funding.”
“That won’t be necessary,” said Liam.  “I like what I’ve seen so far, and I’m strongly considering endorsing your park.”
“Oh my god,” I sighed.  “You just don’t get it, do you, Mister Grey?”
“I assume a ten million dollar check would be sufficient?”
“Ten million?” I gasped with dollar signs in my eyes.  “Yes, I think ten million would go a very long way!”
“I’ll let daddy know,” said Liam.  “Daddy’s got a lot of money.”
“Come back to my office,” I said, leading the money man down the hallway.  “Let’s discuss funding.”

9
Ratatouille Hoagie

“I just wanna make sure ten million dollars isn’t too much,” said Liam, sitting across from my desk.
“No, no, Mister Grey,” I said, schmoozing over the rich kid.  “We need all the funding we can get.  Of course Doctor Albrecht and I will take full credit for our lifesaving biomedical development.  But Doctor Grey and Grey Biomedical Research have nothing but fortune in their future.”
“That’s what I like to hear,” smiled Liam.
“And we fully intend to maintain our exclusive contract with GBR,” I continued.  “Many of our previous sequences are still covered by patents, and we are prepared to file a patent application as soon as we have a final version of the HDNA genome.”
“I don’t know what any of that means,” laughed Liam.  “But it sounds good to me!”
“And then of course the University will keep thirty percent of profits once the virus goes out to market, leaving GBR with a seventy percent share.”
“That’s the bigger slice, right?”
“Yes, Mister Grey,” I said.  “That is more than half of the pizza.”
“Cool,” giggled Liam.  “Of course I’m gonna have to discuss all of this with daddy, and the final decision will be up to him.  But based on what you showed me, I think it’s safe to say GBR will be continuing your funding.”
“That’s great to hear, Mister Grey,” I smiled.
“But there is one small problem,” continued Liam.  “Besides the part about the poop, I’m not quite sure I really understood anything today.”
“Do you need me to draw that picture for you?”
“Or, I was gonna say, do you maybe just have a memo for daddy?  Since I kind of lost my crayons, I think it’ll just be better if daddy reads the report himself.”
“Sure, Mister Grey,” I said.  “I can email Doctor Grey a summary of our progress on HDNARV.”
“I mean, I don’t wanna make any more work for you, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “Maybe you can have like an intern or something take care of it?”
“Intern?” I said, going pale.  “No.  No intern.”
“You don’t have an intern?”
“No,” I said, losing focus of reality as a million worst case scenarios flooded my brain.  “There is no intern here.”
“You gotta get yourself an intern,” said Liam.  “I’ve got five doing all my work for me.”
“Don’t worry, Mister Grey,” I said.  “The memo will not be a problem.”
“Just a quick little paragraph?” said Liam.  “And daddy doesn’t need any pictures.  Daddy’s a pretty smart guy.”
“I’ll have the memo for you by time the conference starts tonight.”
“You’re the man, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “Now keep in mind that I’m not a billionaire, but how much do you think it would cost to open a miniature version of Jurassic Park?”
“Excuse me?”
“Jurassic Park?”
“Do you plan on having dinosaurs?”
“Obviously,” laughed Liam.  “At least one T-Rex.  We’ll see how well that goes before we create anything real dangerous.”
“And where are you getting this T-Rex?”
“Doctor Wacky,” said Liam.  “I’ll grab a bone from the museum, find a frog, and cut Doctor Wacky a check for five million dollars.  Do think that’ll be enough?”
“Sure, Mister Grey.”
“Should I go ask him now?”
“Or you can ask him tonight at the event,” I said.  “He’s supposed to be revealing his latest creation for the big finale.”
“This is the event that I’m going to?”
“You are welcome to attend the event, Mister Grey,” I said.  “You’ll get to hear about the different projects being worked on by our scientists in case GBR wishes to fund any other endeavors in the Lab.”
“There’s gonna be food?”
“I hear they’re serving spaghetti.”
“Carbs,” smiled Liam.  “That’s what I need, Sanjay.  Meatballs too?”
“Meatballs?” smiled Rajaroni, popping his head into my office.  “Ooh, what’s going on in here?”
“Oh god no,” I gasped, going pale as the two idiots finally crossed paths.
“You seen a ghost, Proffy?”
“Raj, why are you in the Lab?” I said, trying to get rid of my intern as quickly as possible.  “Why aren’t you eating lunch?”
“Got my lunch right here, Proffy,” smiled Rajaroni, holding up a grilled sandwich from the cafeteria.  “That way I can eat and work on the binders at the same time.  Why, do you got some other work for me to do?”
“Not right now, Raj,” I whispered, trying to inconspicuously draw his attention to Liam.  “I’m kind of in the middle of a very important meeting.”
“Oh!” smiled Rajaroni, switching his sandwich to his non-shaking hand.  “So great to finally meet you!  I’ve heard so much about you!”
“Raj!” I whispered.
“Yo, Proffy,” whispered Rajaroni a bit too loud.  “Who is this guy?”
“Liam Grey,” I said through my teeth.  “Grey Biomedical Research.”
“Oh!” smiled Rajaroni, spinning around to shake Liam’s hand.  “Liam Grey!  So great to finally meet you!  I’ve heard so much about you!”
“Really?” laughed Liam.
“Yo, Proffy,” whispered Rajaroni, again a little loud.  “Tell me something about this guy.”
“I like this kid,” said Liam, roughing up Rajaroni.  “Is this your assistant?”
“Assistant?” laughed Rajaroni with a mouthful of sandwich.  “Not yet!  I’m Rajaroni the internaroni!”
“Internaroni?” said Liam before turning back to me.  “I thought you said you didn’t have an intern?”
“Yeah, he’s like that,” said Rajaroni, taking another bite from his sandwich.  “Proffy always trying to keep all the credit for himself.”
“Hey, if you’re ever looking for like an internship or something,” said Liam, writing his name down on a piece of paper from my desk, “feel free to give me a call.  Just ask the operator for Liam Grey.  I mean, if you’re working for Doctor Sanjay, you must be some kind of genius.”
“Huh?” mumbled Rajaroni with a mouthful of sandwich.  “Your phone number?  Ooh . . . yeah uh . . . I don’t know.  You seem like a real nice guy . . . but . . . you know . . . I’m not really into the whole guy on guy thing.  But uh . . . don’t ever give up, dude.  I’m sure you’ll find that special man one day who’ll provide happiness in your life.”
“Aw,” sighed Liam in disappointment.  “Wait, I don’t like men.”
“Hungry?” asked Rajaroni, holding his sandwich out to Liam.  “Take a bite.”
“What is it?”
“Baloney.”
“No, I’m good,” said Liam.  “Empty calories.  I had enough fake meat today in my dino nuggets.”
“Suit yourself,” said Rajaroni, going in for another bite.  “More for me and Giuseppe.”
Crunch!
“Ow!” yelped Rajaroni.  “What the heckaroni is in my hoagie?”
“Ooh,” cringed Liam.  “Are you alright, mister internaroni?”
“Yup,” said Rajaroni, spitting out a bloody bone.  “Baloney’s a little bloody today.  A bit boney too.”
“Really?” said Liam, raising an eyebrow.  “I don’t think baloney’s supposed to have—”
Swoop!
“What the?” gasped Liam as something long popped out of the sandwich.  “What are you eating?”
“Baloney,” said Rajaroni, taking another bite.  “Baloney panini.”
“Raj,” I said, pointing to the door.  “Do you think you can—”
“Dude!” said Liam.  “There’s a tail in your sandwich!”
“I give up,” I said, putting my head down on my desk.  “I warned you.  Supernova of galactic stupidity!”
“Giuseppe?” said Rajaroni, frantically checking his pockets.  “Come on, where are you, Doctor Giuseppe?”
“Have I met Doctor Giuseppe yet?” asked Liam.
“Oh, there you are,” laughed Rajaroni, finding the rat in his pocket.  “Whew!  Boy, was that a close one, or what?  For a second there, I almost thought. . .”
“Thought what?”
“Oh no!” panicked Rajaroni, checking the rest of his pockets.  “Ratatouille?  Oh no, this isn’t good!”
“Is this some kind of prank?” asked Liam, starting to laugh.  “Doctor Sanjay’s trying to get me back?  Well you got me!”
“Come on, Ratatouille,” whined Rajaroni, frantically checking each of his pockets.  “You gotta be here somewhere, little chef.”
“Ratatouille?” said Liam.  “You’re talking about the cartoon?”
“I’m talking about the real deal.”
“The rat?”
“The chef,” said Rajaroni, lifting up a slice of bread to check his sandwich.
“The rat chef?”
“Aw shucksaroni!” said Rajaroni, showing Liam the smooshed rat between his bread.  “Smack dab in the middle.”
“I don’t think that’s baloney,” said Liam.
“I’ll tell you what happened,” began Rajaroni.  “I took Giuseppe and Ratatouille up to the cafeteria for lunch.  Giuseppe was supposed to sit tight while Ratatouille got to work in the kitchen.  And I mean, everything started off fine.  Ratatouille’s scurrying around in the deli section, using his little paws to grab slices of meat and cheese to whip me up a little panini—”
“The cafeteria upstairs?” asked Liam.  “Where I ate my lunch?  Your rats crawl on the food?”
“They sure do,” said Rajaroni.  “The rataroni people are very smart.  I train them myself.”
“Sanjay,” said Liam, going green.  “Trash can please.”
“But back to the story,” said Rajaroni.
“Hurgh!” vomited Liam into the trash can.
“Ratatouille suggests we make a baloney sandwich,” continued Rajaroni like nothing happened.  “And then I’ll stick the whole kit and caboodle into the sandwich press to make a nice toasty panini.  But I don’t know what the heckaroni happened.”
“I think you’re eating a rat,” said Liam, trying to recover after vomiting.
“Yeah,” laughed Rajaroni.  “I guess I got a little confused.  I had the two slices of bread side by side on the counter.  But then I got a little distracted by Giuseppe.  I told him to hold up a minute, but the next thing I know, he’s crawling around in the spaghetti with a giant meatball between his two little paws.”
“And this all happened before or after eleven o’clock?” asked Liam, picking up the trash can again.
“Like ten minutes ago,” said Rajaroni.
“Oh thank god,” said Liam with relief.  “Because I made a little spaghetti volcano with tomato sauce lava for my dinosaurs.”
“It was good, wasn’t it?” smiled Rajaroni, stroking Giuseppe’s belly.  “Mmm, yum yum yum!”
“Hee!  Hee!  Hee!” giggled Giuseppe.
“Whoa!” gasped Liam.  “Was that your rat?”
“So I’m trying to hurry up making my sandwich,” continued Rajaroni, “that way I could get this little guy out of the noodles before the lunch lady scooped him up and plopped him onto some kid’s plate.  And I guess I had a little mix up.  Instead of slapping a couple slices of baloney onto my sandwich, I must’ve plopped Ratatouille right onto one of the slices and not even realized.  Then I put the whole thingymabob into the sandwich press, and before you know it.  Kersplat!”
“Cool,” laughed Liam in amazement.
“So I guess I’m eating a rataroni hoagie,” said Rajaroni, taking another bite from his sandwich.  “Or more like a ratatouille hoagie.”
“You know, you might actually be a genius, mister internaroni.”
“In what world is Raj a genius?” I asked.
“Protein,” said Liam.  “Those rats definitely have way more protein than the fake chicken nuggets I had for lunch.”
“And don’t let Ratatouille give the other rataronies a bad name,” said Rajaroni.  “Ratatouille was trained specifically to cook.  The other rataronies are much more well-rounded.  And I assure you, none of them would’ve gotten themselves into this kind of mess.”
“Are you familiar with the Rats of NIMH?” asked Liam, trying to have an intellectual conversation.
“Yes!” smiled Rajaroni.  “They are the very inspiration for my work.  In fact, I have so far been successful in boosting the intelligence of the rataroni people by an average of three hundred percent compared to their simple rat cousins.”
“When the hell did this happen?” I asked as the two idiots continued their intellectual conversation.
“I’ve just been pushing your work aside, Proffy.”
“So what other tricks can your rats do?” asked Liam.
“Well, they’re a bit shy,” said Rajaroni.  “But it won’t be long before the rataroni people learn to speak human languages.”
“Really?”
“Just a little more testing,” said Rajaroni.  “I already have their next serum ready for injection.  And I’ve got my fingers crossed.  This may be the key to unlocking rataroni intelligence.”
“Blabbidy blabbidy bla?” asked Liam.
“Bloobidy bloobidy bloo!” responded Rajaroni.
“Ahhh!” I screamed, going insane.  “Galactic stupidity!”
“Come with me, Mister Grey,” said Rajaroni professionally.  “Let me show you my progress on the Rataroni Genus Project.”

10
Supernova of Galactic Stupidity

“I’m afraid we’re running out of time,” said Doctor Albrecht, talking on his office phone.  “She doesn’t have much longer—”
“Doctor Albrecht?” I started saying before stopping myself outside the crack in his office door to listen in on the conversation.
“I understand, Doctor Serj,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “The University Hospital will not know about any of this.  As discussed, we’ve already converted one of our small labs into an operating room, and we should be ready with the virus very soon.”
“Yes, that would be best,” continued Doctor Albrecht.  “The Lab is mostly empty by seven.  I can give you a call tomorrow night when it’s safe, and we can have you enter through the garage to avoid suspicion.”
“I understand,” continued Doctor Albrecht.  “Doctor Rubato has already been informed of the planned operation.  He’ll be here to walk you through the process of implanting the artificial heart.”
“Thank you, Doctor,” said Doctor Albrecht before hanging up.  “I owe you so much.”
“Doctor Albrecht!” I shouted, stepping back from the door to pretend I was coming down the hallway.  “Oh, there you are.  I was just looking for you, Doctor Albrecht.”
“Doctor Reddy,” said Doctor Albrecht, trying to act casual to hide his worry.  “Everything is going well with Liam Grey?”
“Think so,” I said.  “We should be getting a ten million dollar check tomorrow to kick start our human trials.”
“Wow, that’s great,” smiled Doctor Albrecht in an attempt to show excitement.
“You know, I almost thought we’d never make it to this point.”
“Yeah, ten years since you started as my intern, and you’re almost famous.”
“I owe you,” I said.  “Allowing me the opportunity to work on something so important.  I mean, I could’ve wasted my entire life working on nonsense experiments with Doctor Wacky.”
“You’re a bright scientist, Doctor Reddy,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “You know your work on mutations has been essential to this entire project.  None of this would’ve been possible without you.”
“You’re embarrassing me, Doctor,” I joked.
“And who knows,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “At your young age, you may even have time to make a real difference in this world.  Achieve more than one scientific accomplishment.  And be remembered as one of the great biomedical scientists of our time.  My whole life, I’ve been pursuing a single goal.  Thirty years devoted to HDNARV.”
“And we’ve finally done it.”
“Yeah,” said Doctor Albrecht, not very enthusiastically.
“You seem stressed out, Doctor,” I said, still trying to figure out the muffled conversation I overheard.  “Is there anything you need to tell me?”
“You’ve been working hard lately,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “So being that the conference is tonight, and that we’ve just achieved a milestone on HDNARV, why don’t you take a few days off?  Go on vacation or something?  Take a week off to recover from all your late nights in the Lab?  Just whatever you do . . . don’t come into the office tomorrow.”
“Are you sure?” I asked.  “I mean, I do have classes to teach, but it would be good to at least get away from the Lab for a few days.”
“Take all the time you need,” said Doctor Albrecht generously.  “A day?  A week?  A month?  Just don’t come in tomorrow.”
“I think a month might be a little too much,” I said.  “We do have to get started on our human trials, don’t we?”
“A day it is then,” said Doctor Albrecht, trying so hard to get rid of me.  “A week?  A day?  As long as that day is tomorrow.”
“Okay,” I shrugged.  “As soon as the conference is over tonight, you won’t see me for a couple days.”
“And tell Doctor Ling to take a couple days off too from the Lab,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “However much time she needs.  A day?  A week?  A month?  Just whatever she decides . . . make sure she doesn’t come in tomorrow.”
“Got it, Doctor Albrecht,” I said.  “We’re all taking tomorrow off.  Should I let Doctor Fetzer know too?”
“That won’t be necessary,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Just you and Doctor Ling.  Doctor Fetzer doesn’t need a vacation.”
“Okay?” I said.  “Are you feeling alright, Doctor Albrecht?  You’re still up to going to the conference tonight?”
“Yup, I’ll be there,” said Doctor Albrecht, starting to act suspicious.  “Claire too.  Me and Claire.  My whole family.  There’s no one else at home besides me and Claire.  My wife.  You can call her Misses Albrecht.  Just me and Misses Albrecht.  No children at home.  Definitely no daughter.  Just a quiet home of too middle aged spouses.  A childless couple.  Who definitely doesn’t have a sick daughter they’re hiding at home.  Ha ha.”
“Alright, I’ll see you later,” I said, leaving the office before talking to myself.  “Well that was strange.  Since when does Doctor Albrecht give out vacations?  And why doesn’t Doctor Fetzer deserve a vacation?  That doesn’t seem right.  And what the hell was that phone call about?  And why was Doctor Albrecht getting all nervous and sweaty?  And why am I talking to myself?”
Bump-bump-bump-bump-bump.
Ding!
“Miwa?” I said, slowly heading towards the strange noises coming from the Animal Testing Lab.
Click-click-click.
Snap!
“What the heck is going on in there?” I said, picking my pace up to a power walk.
Whoosh!
Whack!
Bang!
Kshhh!
“What in the frick’n hell was that?” I yelled, racing to the Animal Testing Lab.
Boom!
“Holy craparoni!” shouted Rajaroni from the Animal Testing Lab.
“Raj!” I yelled.  “What the hell are you doing now?”
“Yo, Proffy!” smiled Rajaroni, popping his head out the door.  “Did you see that?”
“Oh no,” I gasped, noticing the catastrophic mess in the Animal Testing Lab.
“That . . . was . . . awesome!” shouted Liam.
“What the hell happened?” I asked, slowly stepping over broken glass and wood.
“It was my idea,” smiled Liam proudly.  “Rajaroni tied some string around that lever thingy, and then I rolled that little pinball thingy down the ramp into that thingy—”
“That was the ding,” said Rajaroni.
“And then the whole thing went crazy!” laughed Liam.  “The rope snapped in half!  The knife went spiraling across the room to cut that rope!  The second rope snapped in half!  Sending this cage flying across the room!  Right into those beakers!”
“Watch your step, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “There’s glass all over the place.”
“And then finally!” smiled Liam.  “The weight of this thingy—”
“That’s our Incubator 5000 system connected to a pulley.”
“What the intern said,” laughed Liam.  “The heavy thingy pulled the whole row of cabinets right outta the wall!”
“You’ve destroyed the entire lab,” I said in shock.  “I left you two alone for fifteen minutes . . . and . . . you . . . you literally destroyed—”
“Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam.  “Do you play the game Mouse Trap?”
“The cabinet,” I said, unable to form a complete sentence.  “The cabinet?”
“It’s basically an elaborate Rube Goldberg contraption,” said Rajaroni, trying to sound intelligent.
“The cabinet,” I said, pointing to the mess on the floor.  “I don’t understand.”
“Like I said,” smiled Liam.  “This was all my idea.”
“I gave the rataroni people their revised serum,” said Rajaroni.  “And then we were gonna test their intelligence against the simple rats.”
“And that’s where I came in,” said Liam.  “I suggested Mouse Trap.”
“We wanted to have a little fun,” said Rajaroni.  “We figured the rats needed a little entertainment in their boring lives.  You know?  Being locked up in a cage all day?  On deck to be experimented on?  Fifty percent chance of surviving our latest torture methods?  Average life expectancy of two months?  Kind of depressing, isn’t it?”
“So you ripped the frick’n cabinet out of the wall?” I asked, still frozen in shock.  “The cabinet?”
“The experiment didn’t really go as planned once we released the rats and the rataronies.”
“Do you know how much this damage is gonna cost?”
“Maybe I can cut you a check, Doctor Sanjay?” asked Liam.
“Not even the money,” I said.  “Look at this.  You . . . you pulled the frick’n cabinet out of the wall!”
“Yeah we did,” laughed Liam proudly.
“But it was all for science,” said Rajaroni before pointing to the rest of the scientists.  “And, Proffy.  It wasn’t just me and this guy.  Your whole team was placing bets on our Mouse Trap experiment.”
“I didn’t do nothing,” said Doctor Boppenheimer, playing innocent.  “You didn’t do nothing either, right, Mike?”
“I didn’t do nothing,” said Doctor Alphonso from his work station.  “I was minding my own business over here, tending to my test subjects.”
“Hey, Mike,” said Doctor Boppenheimer.  “What are you doing tonight?”
“Probably watching the game,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “Are you watching the game?”
“Are you inviting me over?”
“As long as you’re bringing the beer,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “You owe me after last night.”
“Are you kidding,” said Doctor Boppenheimer.  “You owe me, Mike.  You got your greasy fingerprints all over my Jose Slugger bat again.  You just can’t stay out of my office, can you?”
“Come on, Phil,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “I just took a couple swings.”
“I told you,” said Doctor Boppenheimer.  “The bat stays on my wall.  Nobody touches the bat but me.”
“Yeah, we’ll see about that,” laughed Doctor Alphonso.  “If you didn’t want me to touch the bat, you shouldn’t have brought it into the office.”
“It’s for safety,” said Doctor Boppenheimer.  “Sure it’s a cool decoration, but with all the crazy stuff we do in the Lab, you gotta be prepared with a weapon to defend yourself.”
“Where’s Miwa?” I asked, looking around the Animal Testing Lab.
“I think she said something about a psycho boyfriend,” said Liam.  “Or maybe she said psychology?”
“Professor Wong?”
“Bingo!”
“The rats!” I gasped, noticing the empty cage.  “Where the hell are the rats?”
“Yeah,” laughed Liam.  “That’s the problem, Doctor Sanjay.”
“What’s the problem?”
“Proffy,” smiled Rajaroni.  “The rats are loose!”
“Loose?” I said.
“Just give it another second.”
“You mean the rats are—?”
“Ahhh!” shrieked a female scientist outside in the hallway.  “Rats!”
“I am very worried about the security measures in your park,” joked Liam.  “We simply cannot have the attractions running loose and eating the guests.”
“How many?” I asked.
“Rats?” asked Rajaroni.
“Yes rats!” I snapped.  “How many rats did you two idiots let loose in the Lab!”
“That’s the other problem,” said Rajaroni.  “We don’t know.”
“Did you see the rats, Raj?” I asked.  “Did you take a mental picture maybe?  With your photogenic memory?  So we can figure out how many rats you need to catch?”
“I can try,” said Rajaroni.  “But I kind of forgot which mental photo album I stored that picture.  It’s gonna take me at least a couple hours to flip through all those pages.”
“So we’re going on the hunt?” asked Liam excitedly.  “Round up the attractions?  Get your park back in running order before opening day?”
“And who’s cleaning this mess up?” I asked, pointing to the broken glass and destroyed cabinet all over the floor.
“Oh my god!” shrieked Miwa, stopping dead at the entrance to the Animal Testing Lab.
“He did it!” said Liam and Rajaroni, pointing to each other at the exact same time before running away like little boys.
“Oh my god,” said Miwa, shocked by the damage.  “Oh my god.  Oh my god.  Oh.  My.  God.”
“What’s wrong?” asked Jason Wong, poking his head into the Animal Testing Lab.
“He’s gonna cut us a check,” I said, trying to find the bright side.
“What the hell happened?” asked Miwa.  “I was literally gone for less than ten minutes.”
“I warned you,” I said.  “Supernova of galactic stupidity!”
“The cabinet,” said Miwa, pointing to the floor.  “Why is the cabinet not on the wall?”
“Have you ever played the game Mouse Trap?”
“What?”
“Well, if it’s any consolation, Doctor Albrecht says you can take the day off tomorrow.”
“I don’t understand,” said Miwa, looking around the lab.  “Hello?  Is anybody gonna help clean up this mess?”
“Sorry,” said Jason Wong.  “I just got a manicure.  I don’t wanna mess up my nails.”
“Then why don’t you go sit in the lounge?” said Miwa.  “Sanjay, can you get rid of Professor Wong for me please?”
“I assume you are Professor Wong?” I said, playing dumb.
“I am Doctor Wong,” said Jason, reaching out to shake my hand.  “And you are?”
“I am Doctor Reddy,” I said, shaking his hand.  “A real doctor.  PhD and MD.”
“I also have a PhD.”
“Yeah, in psychology,” I mumbled.
“What was that?” said Jason.  “Sorry, I couldn’t hear what you said.”
“I said would you like me to show you the lounge?”
“Both of you!” yelled Miwa.  “Just get the hell out of here please!”

11
Dino Personality Disorder

“So you work in the Lab?” asked Jason, finding a seat in the center hallway lounge.
“Yeah,” I said, as if it were no big deal.  “I work in the Lab.  I’m a physician-scientist.  Biomedical research.  I work on important stuff.  What do you do?”
“I’m a psychology professor,” said Jason.
“Oh, then you must work a lot with schlongs?”
“Doctor Schlong?”
“That too,” I said, playing it cool.  “I hear everything in psychology comes down to one thing.”
“Yeah?” said Jason.  “What’s that?”
“Penises.”
“Actually, that’s a common misconception,” said Jason, ready to give me a lesson.  “Are you familiar with Doctor Horney’s work on penis envy?”
“Can’t say that I am,” I said, trying to degrade the psychology professor.  “I’ve been a little busy trying to save the world.  You know, important research?  Life and death stuff?”
“Maybe we should stop talking about penises?”
“Mine’s bigger than yours,” I muttered.
“Excuse me?” said Jason.
“I asked what brings you down to the Lab?”
“Doctor Ling invited me to the science conference,” said Jason.  “I’m just hanging out until the event tonight.”
“Oh, so you know Doctor Ling?” I asked, playing dumb.
“We’re colleagues,” said Jason, also playing dumb.  “We’ve bumped into each other a couple times around campus.  Conferences.  Events.  Cafeteria.”
“Okay,” I shrugged.
“So you work with Doctor Ling?”
“I try not to,” I said.  “It’s best to keep a safe distance from that girl.”
“Really?” said Jason, trying to pry more information out of me.  “You’ve probably gotten to know her pretty well working with her in the Lab?”
“I don’t really wanna say anything,” I said, trying to suck Jason in with curiosity.  “It’s not polite to talk about colleagues.”
“No, go ahead,” said Jason.  “I don’t wanna start anything too serious if there’s something wrong with the girl.”
“No, I really shouldn’t say anything.”
“Come on, Sanjay,” said Jason.  “Now you’re getting me all worried.”
“Alright,” I said, caving in.  “But only because you seem like a really nice guy.”
“Come on, so what is it?”
“Honestly,” I said, making a face.  “That girl is gross.”
“Really?” said Jason, fighting to hold in his laughter.
“Oh yeah,” I said.  “Doctor Ling?  She burps.  She farts.  I hear she even picks her nose . . . and eats her boogers.”
“Really?” laughed Jason.  “You know, the same exact rumor is going around campus about me.”
“No way,” I said with surprise.  “Wow, that is like so weird.”
“Hey, do me a favor, Sanjay,” said Jason.  “If you find out who’s spreading these rumors, definitely let me know.”
“Oh, yeah, absolutely,” I said, as if I were doing the guy a favor.  “I’ve got your back, man.  I’ll definitely keep my ears open.”
“Rat!” shouted Liam, turning the corner to chase a rat down the center hallway.
“No, that one’s a rataroni!” said Rajaroni, sprinting towards the lounge.  “I think she gave me the finger!”
“Look out, Doctor Sanjay!” warned Liam.  “One of the attractions is coming your way!”
“Come back, Misses Frisby,” said Rajaroni, chasing after the rat with a net.  “You don’t wanna get stomped on by a giant scientist, now do you?”
“Raj, did you finish those binders yet?” I asked.
“Working on them, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, racing straight through the lounge.  “They’ll be done by seven tonight.”
“Doctor Wu?” said Liam, stopping short in front of Jason.
“You?” said Jason.
“Doctor Wu, I am very disappointed in your ability to control your creations,” joked Liam.  “We simply cannot have the attractions running loose and eating the guests.”
“Let me reintroduce myself,” said Jason.  “I am Doctor Wong, specialist in child development.  Would you mind if I ask you a couple questions about your childhood?”
“Maybe later, Doctor Wu,” said Liam.  “I’m kind of in the middle of rounding up your mess.”
“This patient is very peculiar,” said Jason, turning to me.  “Do you know which program is monitoring him?”
“This is actually Liam Grey,” I said.  “He’s a millionaire.”
“I’ll tell you what, Doctor Wu,” said Liam.  “Do you have a phone?”
“Yes?” said Jason, a little confused.  “Why?”
“Do you have crayon and paper?”
“I have pen and paper.”
“That’ll do,” said Liam as Jason pulled out a pen and paper.  “Okay, so write this down.  My name is Liam Grey.”
“Okay?” said Jason, writing down the name.
“I’m pretty much free all week,” said Liam.  “Just give me a call any time if you wanna chat.  I’d love to hear about your work on dinosaurs.  And who knows.  Maybe we can work out some kind of business arrangement to get the park up and running.”
“I’m sorry, who are you?” asked Jason.
“Liam Grey.”
“And what is your phone number?”
“Also Liam Grey,” said Liam, pointing to his name on the slip of paper.  “Just ask the operator.  She knows how to reach me.”
“I’ve never seen anything like this,” said Jason, completely bewildered.
“Talk to you soon, Doctor Wu,” said Liam before rejoining the hunt with Rajaroni.
“Very peculiar,” said Jason.  “I stopped by the cafeteria this morning for a bagel, and that adult boy was playing with his food as if they were children’s toys, and then he proceeded to attack three entire plates of chicken nuggets as if he were Godzilla.”
“That’s Liam Grey for you,” I said.
“But it didn’t end there,” continued Jason.  “I assumed there was a chaperone nearby monitoring the troubled boy, but then he left the cafeteria unsupervised, and proceeded to run laps around the second floor walkway.”
“At least you didn’t have to see him in the shower.”
“I believe that man may have dino personality disorder,” said Jason.  “Usually, identifying oneself as a dinosaur is merely a passing phase in child development, even healthy for maturation, but it appears that the oversized boy still believes himself to be a dinosaur.  As if some event in his childhood split his personality into two distinct persons.  One a boy-man.  And the second a dinosaur.”
“Yeah, and where’s your proof, mister psychoanalyst?”
“My own observations,” said Jason.  “I followed him out to the lobby to see if I could provide any help.  But before I could catch up to the troubled boy, he was already expanding his hunt on a full size scale.  I couldn’t believe my eyes.  You read about this kind of stuff in journals, but to actually witness such an event in person?  To actually be there when a grown child is pretending to be a dinosaur?”
“Wow, that does sound strange,” I said.  “Fantasizing about playing with children?”
“But he wasn’t playing,” said Jason.  “The troubled boy was sprinting at top speed, holding his arms real close to his body as if he were some kind of walking alligator.  And then every few seconds he would shriek at the top of his lungs like some kind of prehistoric bird.  But that wasn’t even the worst of his outburst.  Out of nowhere, the maniac let out a piercing shriek, charged straight for a wimpy kid leaving the library, and proceeded to lunge through the air and pounce on the student.  But still, it did not end there.  The troubled boy pinned the student to the ground, shrieked at the top of his lungs just inches from the crying student’s face, and clawed at the kid’s belly with his big toe as if he were trying to disembowel prey.”
“Like I said, that’s Liam Grey for you.”
“And then he just stood up and walked away as if nothing happened,” said Jason.  “In my entire career of working in child development, I have never seen anything like what I saw this morning.  I attempted to question the man-child, hoping to discover what kind of treatment he was receiving, but he just proceeded to carrying on his day as though this outburst was an ordinary occurrence in his life.”
“He’s giving us ten million dollars,” I said.
“For treatment?” asked Jason.
“To fund our research,” I said.  “Possibly more to open a dinosaur park.”
“Around the corner!” said Liam, chasing another rat down the center hallway.
“Proffy, we almost got another one!” said Rajaroni, sprinting through the lounge.
“How many so far?” I asked.
“Just Misses Frisby and her son,” said Rajaroni.  “Mister Ages got squashed.  And we’re about to catch a third.”
“So how many are still loose?”
“Still flipping through my photogenic albums,” said Rajaroni.  “I’ll have the answer for you soon, Proffy.”
“I’m getting hungry,” said Liam, stopping in front of the vending machine.  “Vending machine, dispense trail mix!”
“Mister Grey,” I said.  “The vending machine is not voice activated.”
“Then how’d I get my trail mix before?” asked Liam.  “Remember I threw out my wallet?”
“I gave you a dollar twenty-five.”
“Oh yeah,” laughed Liam.  “Doctor Sanjay, you got another dollar twenty-five?”
“Sure, Mister Grey,” I said, buying more trail mix for the giant boy.
“You’re the man, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam, retrieving his trail mix from the vending machine before running off.  “Now I’ve got the energy to get back in the hunt.”
“Honest question,” said Jason, turning to me.  “Proposals?  Six months?  Too soon?  Or just right?”
“Sorry?” I said.  “Proposal?”
“Marriage?”
“Doctor Ling?”
“Hypothetically?” said Jason.  “Am I good, or no?”
“Oh no,” I panicked, standing up to talk to myself.  “This isn’t good, Sanjay.  What are we gonna do, Sanjay?”
“Do you always talk to yourself?”
“I must put an end to this now,” I said, heading back to my office.  “Sanjay does not lose to a psychologist.”

12
Professor Booger Eater

“Hello?” I said, making a phone call in my best feminine voice.  “Is this Miss Gropes in the Human Resources Department?  Hi, yes, this is Doctor Miwa Ling, physician-scientist in the Biomedical Research Laboratory.  I would like to file a sexual harassment complaint against Professor Jason Wong from the psychology department.  No, this is not Doctor Reddy again.  No, I am Doctor Miwa Ling.  Can’t you tell by my super feminine voice?  Ha, ha, unicorns and pixie dust!”
“No, this is not Doctor Reddy,” I said, talking faster in my normal voice after blowing my cover.  “Professor Wong picks his nose and eats his boogers!  Bye!”
“Okay, so this plan isn’t working,” I said, hanging up my office phone.  “But I need to get rid of Jason Wong before I lose Miwa forever.”
“I may be able to help you,” said Doctor Fetzer, popping her head into my office.  “I will not allow any scientist in this Lab to lose the love of his life.  I promise you, Sanjay.  You will not suffer as I have for all these years without my William.”
“So what’s your plan?” I asked.
“The oldest trick in the book,” smiled Doctor Fetzer.
“Ding dong ditch?”
“Poison.”
“Whoa,” I gasped.  “No, I don’t think so, Doctor Fetzer.  I appreciate your help, but I think I’ll take care of it from here.”
“Whatever you wish,” said Doctor Fetzer before leaving my office.  “Just let me know if you need my help.  I keep an emergency supply of poison in my office.”
“Kshhh!” came static from my desk draw.  “Proffy, you there?”
“Raj?” I said, answering my walkie-talkie.  “Hey, did you find all of those rats yet?  It’s been over an hour now.”
“We’ve collected most of the rataroni people,” said Rajaroni.  “But a couple of them, along with most of the dumb rats, are still running around the Lab.  But don’t worry, Proffy.  As soon as the cool kid wakes up from his nap, we’re gonna resume our hunt.  We just needed to take a little break so I could finish up those binders for you.”
“Well did you finish them yet?” I asked.  “I need those binders done by seven tonight so the dumb business people can follow along with the presentations.”
“I’m bringing them over right now,” said Rajaroni.  “I’ve even got a couple hours to spare in case you need my help with anything else.”
“Just bring the binders over so I can take a look,” I said, leaning back in my chair to take a deep breath.  “I’m trying to finish up this memo for Doctor Grey, but I just can’t get Jason Wong off my mind.”
“Yeah?” laughed Rajaroni.  “You too with mister tall, pale, and handsome?”
“Not for me!” I snapped.  “I’m trying to get rid of the damn boyfriend!”
“Proffy, guess who’s outside your office.”
“Who?” I asked.
“Me!” smiled Rajaroni, popping his head into my office.  “Your internaroni!”
“Can you please stop doing that?” I asked, trying not to have a heart attack.  “So how many rats did you actually catch so far?”
“Exactly seven rataroni people,” said Rajaroni.  “Including the squashed one.  And then we caught two simple rats.”
“So how many rats are still loose?”
“I’m closing in on the answer,” said Rajaroni.  “I’ve got one more photogenic album to flip through in my brain.  And I’m pretty sure this last book is where I filed the photo.”
“Are those the binders?” I asked.
“All twenty-five,” said Rajaroni, setting down a stack of binders on my desk.  “Hole punched and collated for casual viewing by the business folk.”
“Raj, what the hell is this?” I asked, picking up one of the binders.  “Why are half the pages hole punched hamburger style, and the other half hole punched hotdog style?”
“You said be creative, Proffy.”
“When the hell did I say that?”
“Actually, maybe you didn’t, Proffy.”
“Raj!” I panicked, flipping through the binder.  “Oh my god, Raj.  Why is every other page in this binder inserted backwards, Raj?”
“Not just that binder,” smiled Rajaroni, opening up a second binder to show me.  “I did that in all the binders!”
“Ahhh!” I screamed, pulling out my hair.  “Raj!  What is this?  Where are the binders, Raj!”
“Those are the binders, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “Why?  Is there something wrong?”
“Raj, what do you not understand?” I said, having a panic attack.  “The pages need to all be facing forward and lined up tall!  What is this, Raj!”
“I don’t know,” said Rajaroni.  “The binders just didn’t look right to me how I had them originally.  Something in my brain said the pages were supposed to be backwards, so that’s what I did.  Proffy, if you want me to redo the binders, maybe I can give it a second shot?”
“No,” I said, turning serious.  “That’s it, Raj.  You can’t hole punch binders, you’re done in the Lab.  I don’t know what’s wrong with you, but we’re done.  You are no longer my intern, Raj.”
“Proffy,” pleaded Rajaroni.  “Come on, Proffy.  Cut me some slackaroni over here.”
“You have absolutely no common sense, at all!” I exploded.  “You are exactly the reason why people think Asians only have book smarts—”
“Asian?” laughed Rajaroni.  “Dude, I ain’t Asian.  Open your eyes, Proffy.  I’m brownaroni!”
“Brown a who?”
“Check me out, Proffy,” smiled Rajaroni with a shimmy.  “Bow chicka brown brown!”
“For the love of god!” I cried.  “Are you mentally deranged?”
“It’s coming to me,” said Rajaroni, using all of his brain power to find the answer.
“For an Indian!” I started saying.  “No . . . not even that.  For a human being!  No . . . that still doesn’t seem right.  Raj, I don’t know how to say this.  You?  It’s like . . . you . . . there aren’t any words for this.  You—”
“I’m almost there,” said Rajaroni, working his brain at full power.
“I got it!” I said, losing control.  “You!  Raj!  There is something wrong with you!  In your head!  There’s something broken!  Your brain?  Screwed up, man!  I don’t know what the hell your problem is!  But you are a complete and utter moron!  Galactic stupidity!  And—”
“Twenty-three!” shouted Rajaroni.
“What?”
“The number of rats that got loose was twenty-three,” smiled Rajaroni.  “That means we still need to catch twenty-one!  And I know I had twenty-four rataroni people.  So that means seventeen rataronies are still loose!”
“Rats?” I snapped.  “Raj, did you hear a single word that I just said!”
“Did you say something, Proffy?” asked Rajaroni.
“Oh for the love of god!” I cried, throwing my hands into the air dramatically.  “Somebody please kill me!”
“Proffy, I know you’re a bit worked up right now,” said Rajaroni.  “But do you think you can maybe get started on that little letteroni for me?”
“Your letter of recommendation?” I said.  “Raj, you’re not getting a letter of recommendation!”
“Proffy!” whined Rajaroni.
“Fine!” I said, losing my mind.  “I’ll tell you what, Raj.  You’re a moron.  But if you get rid of Jason Wong, I will have your letter of recommendation in the morning.”
“Alright, Proffy!” cheered Rajaroni.
“And if you can get Miwa Ling to fall in love with me, you can be my intern for as long as you work in the Lab.”
“Now that’s a deal!” said Rajaroni.  “So how do you want me to get rid of mister tall, pale, and handsome?  Accident?  Poison?  I hear Doctor Fetzer has some poison.”
“No, we’re not murdering the booger eater,” I said.  “Just get Miwa to break up with the guy.  Maybe catch him in the act of nibbling on his boogers.”
“How about we embarrass him tonight?” suggested Rajaroni.  “We’ll get everyone at the conference to laugh at him, that way he won’t be able to show his face around campus, and Miwa will be too embarrassed to date him?”
“Now your brain’s working,” I laughed sinisterly.  “Embarrass the psychologist.  Embarrass him into shame.  Embarrass him so that Miwa will come running to me!”
“I’ve got just the plan,” said Rajaroni before leaving my office.  “It’ll be like right out of a movie.”
“Now just in case that doesn’t work,” I said, picking up my office phone.  “Let’s try my original plan one more time.”
“Hello?” I said, making another call in my feminine voice.  “Is this Miss Gropes in the Human Resources Department?  What?  You do have caller ID?  Oh crap!  Professor Wong eats his boogers!  Bye!”
“Let’s see how far that rumor spreads,” I laughed, slamming my phone down.  “Professor booger eater?  You, Sanjay, are a genius.  Now it shall only be a matter of time before Miwa Ling falls in love with me.  And then we shall marry.  And we shall have children.  And I shall have love.  And I shall learn to stop talking to myself.  And oh crap!  It’s five o’clock!  I gotta get that memo finished!”

13
Garra Rufa Shampoo Sale

Boom!
“We might have to cut this tour short,” joked Liam as thunder cracked in distance while we headed up to the conference room for the event.  “Looks like the tropical storm is about to hit the island.”
“Mister Grey, this is the lobby of the Biomedical Center,” I said.  “Not a tropical island.”
“I do hope your park’s security system is state of the art,” said Liam.  “We simply cannot have the attractions running loose and eating—”
“Mister Grey!” I snapped.  “This is not Jurassic Park!”
“Not yet it isn’t,” smiled Doctor Wacky, sitting behind a small concession stand outside the conference room door.  “But as soon as I make the morning news tomorrow, I will have all the funding I need to bring our dreams to reality.”
“We’re gonna be famous,” giggled Caleb, wheeling a concealed exhibit into the conference room.  “Nobody’s gonna beat our big reveal tonight.”
“Is that the T-Rex?” asked Liam anxiously.
“You’ll see,” smiled Doctor Wacky.  “But until then, don’t forget to stock up on your Garra Rufa Shampoo.”
“Aw man,” sighed Liam, trying to find his pocket.  “I kind of threw out my wallet.”
“No worries,” said Doctor Wacky, turning his attention to the arriving guests.  “Garra Rufa Shampoo sale!  Step right up, and get your microscopic nibble fish in a bottle!  Why smell like a man when you can smell like a fish?”
“So what are we waiting for, Doctor Sanjay?” asked Liam, trying to sneak into the conference room.  “I’m getting hungry for some spaghetti.”
“Raj will be up in a minute,” I said, waiting outside as a couple dozen scientists and entrepreneurs funneled into the conference room.  “And he better have fixed those binders.”
“Binders are all done,” said Liam.  “I gave your internaroni a hand after my nap, and I even found a couple crayons to add my finishing touch.  Then we continued our hunt and rounded up a couple more of the attractions.”
“What attractions?” I asked.
“The creatures you’re showing off tonight?”
“The rats?”
“No, not the rats,” said Liam.  “The other ones.”
“Rataroni?” I asked.  “We’re not showing off those rataroni things tonight.”
“We’re not?” asked Rajaroni, popping up behind me with a cage full of rats.  “Then why do I have a cage full of rataroni people?”
“It was my idea,” said Liam.  “We want the investors to see the attractions up close and personal to give them a good idea of what to expect from our park.”
“Whatever,” I sighed.  “Just make sure you don’t let those rats loose in the conference room.”
“Except for Giuseppe of course,” said Rajaroni, checking the fat rat in his pocket.  “Doctor Giuseppe Gustavo is an honored guest tonight.  As visiting professor from the University of Bologna, Giuseppe must learn as much as possible about biomedical science in order to share his knowledge with the rest of the rataroni people.  Plus, he gets to eat all the spaghetti and meatballs that’ll fit in his little tummy.”
“Speaking of spaghetti,” said Liam, wandering into the conference room.  “Time for my seventh meal of the day.”
“Just sit close together,” I said, directing the two idiots to a table.  “I need to keep an eye on you two morons tonight.”
“Sanjay,” said Miwa, already helping set up in the conference room.  “Is Doctor Albrecht still coming?”
“He said he’ll be up in a couple minutes,” I said.  “He’s still working on something.”
“Working still?” said Miwa.  “Well I think his wife’s here already.”
“Misses Albrecht?”
“No Misses Doubtfire,” said Miwa.  “Yes Misses Albrecht.  His wife.  Claire.”
“I’ll go say hello,” I said, making my way through the conference room to greet the woman I’ve met on several occasions.
“Doctor Reddy?” said Misses Albrecht, immediately recognizing me.  “Oh so good to see you again, Doctor Reddy.”
“How are you doing, Misses Albrecht?” I asked.  “Doctor Albrecht should be up in just a few minutes.”
“That’s alright,” said Misses Albrecht with a somber tone to her voice.  “I know the routine.”
“You’re welcome to sit up closer with us if you want.”
“No, that’s okay,” said Misses Albrecht.  “It’s better if I sit by the door, in case I need to make a phone call.  I don’t wanna disturb anyone.”
“Alright, well, let me know if you need anything,” I said before walking away.  “It’s good to see you again, Misses Albrecht.”
“Proffy!” shouted Rajaroni, popping right up in my face as I turned around.
“Whoa!” I gasped, almost walking into the idiot.  “Raj, what the hell are you doing?”
“Spaghetti!” sung Rajaroni, showing me his giant mound of pasta and meatballs.
“Is that the serving plate?” I asked, following him back to our table.  “Jeez, Raj.  Why don’t you save some food for the other fifty people who might be hungry?”
“It’s not for me,” laughed Rajaroni.  “Well some of it maybe.  The spaghetti’s mostly for Giuseppe.”
“That much spaghetti for a rat?”
“You bet, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, taking his seat at the table.  “Put Giuseppe on a mound of spaghetti, and the meatballs will be gone before you can blink two hundred and fifty-seven times.”
“Come on, you gotta show me,” begged Liam.  “Do the rat on the spaghetti thing.  I wanna see your chubby rat hug a meatball.”
“Are you hungry, Giuseppe?” whispered Rajaroni into his pocket.  “I’ve got your favorite dish.  Three meatballs tonight.  But don’t feel overwhelmed, little buddy.  I’ll help eat whatever you can’t finish.”
“Hee!  Hee!” giggled Giuseppe as Rajaroni gently placed him on the mound of pasta.
“Pace yourself, Giuseppe,” said Rajaroni, joining in with his fork as the rat got tangled up in the noodles.
“So tell me, Doctor Rajaroni,” said Liam.  “How much longer until your rat people are fully capable of intellectual thought?”
“Not much longer,” said Rajaroni intelligently.  “In fact, I have successfully reengineered the genome of the rataroni genus to boost brain capacity to unprecedented levels.  As you know, the key to intelligence is an efficient metabolism.  And the rataroni people are now at a historic evolutionary stage. The same evolutionary stage that our cavemen ancestors emerged from just a few million years ago.  And the key to everything . . . was fire!”
“I’m not allowed anywhere near fire,” chuckled Liam.  “Daddy says it’s dangerous.”
“But not just fire,” said Rajaroni.  “Meat!  Cooked meat!  By applying fire to raw meat, you produce cooked meat, which is much easier to digest, allowing for greater absorption of energy by the digestive system.  These extra calories are then used to fuel the big brains of the rataroni people, allowing them to devote more energy to intellectual thought.  And thanks to my work, the rataroni people are on track to achieving intelligence levels comparable to the homos.”
“Excuse me?” I said.
“Let me finish that train of thought,” said Rajaroni.  “Comparable to the homo sapiens.”
“Thank you,” I said.  “Now can you shut the frick’n hell up before somebody hears you?”
“But there is a downside to this level of intelligence,” continued Rajaroni.  “With bigger brains, the rataroni people must vastly increase their daily consumption of calories in order to survive.  This means they cannot rely solely on cheddar cheese as do their simple cousins.  Instead, they must expand their diet to include the entire food pyramid.  And what I have found most successful is spaghetti and meatballs.”
“And how did you discover that rats like spaghetti and meatballs?” I asked.  “Did you just let them all loose in the cafeteria so they could go crazy?”
“It began with Giuseppe,” said Rajaroni.  “I was conducting an experiment on the rataroni people to assess their intelligence.  And as do usual rat experiments, my experiment involved cheddar cheese and electricity.  Now Giuseppe was not the brightest of my pupils, suffering electric shock after electric shock upon reaching the wrong end of the maze.  But he learned quickly.”
“Like the time I stuck scissors into that little hole in the wall?” laughed Liam.  “I never did that more than twice again.”
“Not quite,” continued Rajaroni.  “Giuseppe was slowly learning from each mistake.  And I was beginning to have hope that he would finally reach his cheddar cheese finish line.  But once again, Giuseppe bit down on the wrong wire and suffered an electric shock.”
“Hee!  Hee!” giggled Giuseppe, gobbling up a meatball.
“I felt sorry for Giuseppe,” said Rajaroni.  “And I wanted to make it up to the little rataroni, after subjecting him to shock after painful shock.  So my brain hatched an idea.  I had some leftover spaghetti that I brought down from the cafeteria, so I thought I could cheer up the little guy by letting him enjoy some fine cuisine.  And that’s when the spark of intelligence went off inside little Giuseppe’s brain!”
“He finally found the cheese?” asked Liam.
“Nope,” said Rajaroni.  “Not once has Giuseppe ever reached the cheddar cheese finish line.  But that isn’t because the chubby rataroni is stupid.  It’s because he’s smart!”
“Your rat intelligently electrocutes himself?” I asked.
“Yup,” said Rajaroni.  “Whenever I put Giuseppe into the maze, he races straight for the electrical wire.  And this is because of the connections made by his intelligent brain.  Giuseppe now knows that an electric shock means he will be enjoying a fine dinner of spaghetti and meatballs.  All I have to do is say the word, and Giuseppe will gnaw on any wire I command.”
“And when do you work on this nonsense?” I asked.  “Your rataroni genius project?”
“Genus,” said Rajaroni.  “Rataroni Genus Project.  I’ve created an entirely new species of rodent.”
“In three weeks?” I asked.
“You don’t really give me much work,” said Rajaroni.  “I gotta make myself look busy somehow.”
“Well how are you doing on getting rid of professor booger eater?”
“Way ahead of you,” said Rajaroni.  “Everything’s set up, ready to go as soon as mister tall, pale, and handsome is in position.”
“And you’re not killing him, right?” I asked.
“Only with shame,” said Rajaroni, pointing to a contraption set up by the ceiling.  “Thirty gallons of pig blood.  As soon as the target’s in position, I’ll cut the rope and drench the boyfriend right in front of the entire audience.  They’re all gonna laugh at him.  Laugh at him!”
“I think it’s time we get this event started,” said Doctor Fetzer, approaching the podium at the front of the conference room.  “I would like to welcome you all to the Tenth Annual Conference Connecting Biomedical Innovators with Global Entrepreneurship Sponsored by Lazarus Biomedical Solutions.  And of course, I would like to take the opportunity to thank Lazarus Biomedical Solutions for its generous support of the Biomedical Research Laboratory here at the Pacific Coast University of Science and Technology.  So come on, everybody!  Let’s give a big round of applause to the founder and president of Lazarus Biomedical Solutions.  Doctor Osiris!”
“That’s enough,” said Doctor Osiris, trying to avoid attention to his packed table of executives and scientists from Lazarus Biomedical Solutions.
“I’ll be starting off this conference with an overview of the standard retroviral genome we use for all of our projects in the Lab,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “We will then have a number of short presentations by our scientists to share the various projects they are working on in the Lab.  Many of these projects are already being supported by your generous funding, but of course, we welcome you to make connections with our scientists and join in our efforts to transform the world with our groundbreaking biomedical developments.”
“Does this lady ever shut up?” whispered Demetrius, Doctor Osiris’ bodyguard and hired gun.  “Come on, can I just sneak into the Lab now, so we can get the hell out of here?”
“And then, if you behave,” smiled Doctor Fetzer, trying to use humor to keep the audience engaged, “we have a very special treat for you to conclude our conference.  Now between you and me, if you can keep a secret, I hear Doctor Wacky will be revealing his latest creation, developed in this very Lab.”
“I’m getting some fresh air,” said Demetrius, standing up from his seat.  “I can’t listen to this science crap.”
“Relax, Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Are you gonna go strolling around in a thunderstorm?”
“Better than this nonsense,” said Demetrius, leaving the table.  “Page me when you’re ready.”
“Of course the party doesn’t have to stop there,” joked Doctor Fetzer.  “We’ve got spaghetti, and an open bar until ten.  So grab a drink and keep the party going, because you never know what connections your mingling can build!”
“I need to shoot something,” said Demetrius before leaving the conference room.
“So without further ado,” said Doctor Fetzer enthusiastically.  “I will now kick off our tenth annual conference!”

14
Choadasaurus Galore

“And those are the basics of our standard retrovirus template,” said Doctor Fetzer, concluding her presentation.
“Basics?” laughed Demetrius.  “Why didn’t she just give her speech in Martian?”
“Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor, scooting away annoyed.  “You’re dripping water all over me.”
“Well what do you expect, Doc?” snarked Demetrius.  “There’s a frick’n monsoon outside.”
“Now if you will welcome Doctor Reddy,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “As a quick introduction, Doctor Reddy has been instrumental in perfecting our retrovirus template alongside Doctor Albrecht.”
“Keep your eyes open for Albrecht,” said Doctor Osiris.  “Our last encounter wasn’t so pleasant.”
“Why don’t we just kidnap him?” suggested Demetrius.  “I’ll get the guy to talk.”
“Really?” said Doctor Pryor.  “You’re gonna get him to recite a hundred gene sequence?  Do you know how many base pairs that would be?  Think, Dimmy.  We don’t need Albrecht.  We need the virus.  Or at least his research.  Besides, Albrecht isn’t that smart.”
“Doctor Reddy will now present on the reproduction cycle of our standard retrovirus,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “So please welcome Doctor Reddy.  And I promise, he doesn’t bite.”
“What the hell does that mean?” said Demetrius.  “Can somebody tell this lady she’s not funny?”
“Good evening,” I began.  “I am Doctor Sanjay Reddy, and it is a pleasure to be presenting our work to you today.  Doctor Fetzer has already discussed how any of the various sequences carried by our retrovirus template are integrated into a host cell’s genome.  I will now discuss how the introduction of only a few viral elements into a test subject results in the entire reengineering of the organism’s genome.”
“You got this, Proffy!” shouted Rajaroni.
“The first step is to inject a host organism with the desired retrovirus,” I said.  “Once the retroviral genome is integrated into a host cell’s genome, the viral genes are called a provirus.  Usually, this first step results in integration of the retrovirus into a small handful of cells.  However, our retrovirus is coded to reproduce within the host organism in order to reengineer the organism’s entire genome throughout its body.  During the lysogenic cycle, the provirus is reproduced during mitosis of the host cell.  When a host cell undergoes mitosis, and splits into two cells, the provirus is also reproduced, thereby living on within both cells.  Of course, this process could never reengineer the genome of an entire organism.  However, by providing the virus with a mechanism to reproduce via the lytic cycle, we are able to infect every cell of the organism with the retrovirus and integrate the viral genome throughout the organism.”
“Does this guy think we’re morons?” said Doctor Pryor.  “Why don’t you dumb it down a little more?”
“You understand what he’s saying?” asked Demetrius.  “Because I’m pretty sure all of these people are speaking Martian.”
“Dimmy, if you hear that guy say the word transcription, please, just go ahead and shoot me, right in the head.”
“The lytic cycle begins with transcription,” I continued.  “Once the retroviral genome is integrated into the host cell’s genome, replication of the provirus is achieved with the help of the host cell’s polymerases.  The enzyme RNA polymerase creates an RNA copy of the provirus that was integrated into the host cell’s DNA.  Messenger RNA is then decoded by the ribosome of the host cell to create the components for hundreds of new viruses which will contain our original retrovirus genome.”
“Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Take your gun out, and shoot me, in the head, please.”
“Quiet, Doc,” whispered Demetrius.  “I’m trying to learn over here.”
“Once the viruses are assembled,” I continued, “they are equipped with the transcribed provirus, and are ready to be released from the host cell.  The mature viruses then bud out from the host cell, taking a portion of the host cell’s membrane as it enters the extracellular fluid where it will spread to infect nearby cells.  Most importantly, unlike many viruses, our standard retrovirus is coded not to produce lysozyme during the final stage of the lytic cycle.  In contrast to lysis, where the host cell’s membrane bursts open, causing the death of the cell, our viruses are released without killing the host cell, allowing us to reengineer a genome without harming the organism.”
“Wow, this guy just takes credit for everything, doesn’t he?” said Doctor Pryor.  “He probably just copied the sequence right out of the influenza virus.”
“Do you have any hand sanitizer?” asked Demetrius.  “I’m kind of getting freaked out by all this virus talk.”
“Because the ultimate goal of our various genomic sequences is gene therapy,” I continued, “it is important that the retrovirus we introduce into an organism can replicate quickly throughout the subject.  Our standard retrovirus template achieves this goal in a number of ways.  Most importantly, unlike many viruses, such as the human immunodeficiency virus, our retrovirus begins its lytic cycle immediately without an external stimulus.  And because the replicated viruses do not lyse, or destroy, the host cell upon release into the extracellular fluid, our retrovirus is able to spread quickly throughout a subject without causing any harm.  In fact, our recent developments in viral replication have allowed us to modify our standard retrovirus template so that the genetic material we introduce into a subject can reengineer the genome of the entire organism in very little time.  In some cases, this means minutes, or even seconds!”
“Seconds?” said Doctor Pryor, whispering to the executives and scientists from Lazarus Biomedical Solutions.  “This guy really worked on his marketing pitch, huh?  Puppet for GBR?  And how much was Grey licensing these patents for?  Like he gives a damn about medical progress.  It’s all about money for Doctor Grey.  Forget the Hippocratic Oath.  I hear Albrecht even had to beg the rich bastard for funding.  Not until Michael passed away did that fraud finally come around for his friend.”
“Stay focused, Doctor,” said Doctor Osiris.  “It’s a big lab downstairs, and you need to find a sample before anyone calls the police.”
“Lethal or non-lethal?” asked Demetrius.
“Keep it clean tonight,” said Doctor Osiris.  “We don’t need any attention.”
“I will now take questions,” I said, concluding my prepared presentation.  “So does anybody have any questions on the retroviruses replication cycle?”
“Yeah, I’m a little confused,” came a dorky voice from the corner of the room.  “First of all, I’m not really understanding how you get this whole replication slash reengineering thing done in a matter of seconds.  But a little more importantly.  If you’re doing so much integration in such a short period of time, doesn’t that kind of mess up the host organism’s genome?  I mean, how many times is your retrovirus being integrated into each strand of DNA?  Have you people considered these questions?  Aren’t you basically just chopping up the host organism’s genome with a bunch of inserted viruses?  What if you chop in half something important?  Does the host just die?  Does your virus kill the host?  Do you people even know what you’re doing?”
“Absolutely we have considered these questions,” I said, trying to remember the answers.  “Mister?”
“Chipmunk,” said the dork.  “Doctor Chipmunk.  First name’s Alvin.  But if you don’t mind calling me Doctor Chipmunk, because I worked really hard for my PhD and MD degrees.  And yes, Doctor Alvin Chipmunk is my real name.  But can we please try to keep this professional?  Because I’m still waiting for your answers.”
“No problem, Doctor Chipmunk,” I said.  “I’ll answer your second concern first, since your questions were kind of all over the place.  Now the way I understood your question, your main concern was about insertional mutagenesis resulting from the integration phase of our retrovirus?  And the concern is whether our virus integrates into a host cell’s genome at a location where it would disrupt the existing genes?  Such as by integrating in the middle of an important gene or causing the cell to become cancerous?”
“Isn’t that exactly what I just said?” asked Doctor Chipmunk, looking at me like I was stupid.
“Okay,” I said, feeling good about getting the question right.  “The simple answer to your question is that you have nothing to worry about.  Our standard retrovirus is coded with a tethering mechanism that is responsible for site selection during integration.  During integration, a tethering protein binds the viral genome to a preselected location within the host cell’s genome in order to avoid disrupting any of the existing genes.  Now this leads back to your first question regarding the speed of our retrovirus’ replication cycle.”
“Well are you gonna answer my question or not?” asked Doctor Chipmunk.
“I will now answer your question, Doctor Chipmunk,” I said, trying to remain calm with the dork.  “The selected insertion site chosen for our retrovirus is located in a highly active transcription region.  This allows the provirus to be transcribed and replicated at a very high rate.  More importantly for the replication cycle, the selected insertion site has a multiplier effect on the numerous replication characteristics coded into our retrovirus, allowing us to achieve almost instantaneous integration throughout an organism.”
“For example?” asked Doctor Chipmunk.  “Can you give a little more specifics please?”
“If you take a look in your binder, you will notice a more detailed breakdown on the components of our standard retrovirus template.  Specifically, there’s a great deal of information on the retrovirus’ replication cycle.”
“Well I’m looking in the binder,” said Doctor Chipmunk, getting frustrated.  “That’s why I asked you the question.  I mean . . . look at this garbage.  There’s like . . . I don’t know.  Somebody drew with crayon all over my pages.  There’s like little cartoon drawings everywhere.  And I can’t tell if these are dinosaurs or penises.  Tell me, are these choadasauruses?  Because I can’t read anything in this binder.  So do you think you can help me out please?  Because I’m dealing with choadasaurus galore over here.  And honestly?  I don’t find this very funny.”
“Are there any other questions?” I asked, trying to get off the stage.
“I have a question,” said Doctor Pryor, raising his hand halfway before talking.  “You work with Doctor Albrecht, no?”
“I work very closely with Doctor Albrecht,” I said, trying to figure out where he was going with his questioning.  “Mister?”
“Doctor,” said Doctor Pryor.  “And I know Doctor Albrecht has been a leading pioneer in virotherapy, especially with his work on this magic retrovirus you’re trying to sell us.  But what exactly can your retrovirus be used as a vector for?  What would we use it for?  Or in other words, what are you using it for?”
“We use our retrovirus as a vector for many things,” I said.  “In fact, just about all of our projects start off with our standard retrovirus template—”
“Let me rephrase my question,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Do you work on Doctor Albrecht’s notorious HDNARV genome?”
“I have been working with Doctor Albrecht for the past ten years,” I said.  “So yes, I have been heavily involved on that project.”
“And I’m sure you know Lazarus is a strong supporter of your Lab,” continued Doctor Pryor.  “And we’re always looking for new opportunities to fund your groundbreaking biomedical developments.  But I do have to ask.  For such a large and important project, like HDNARV, where exactly do you conduct your research and test the virus?”
“All of our work is done right here in the Lab,” I said.
“Doesn’t that just amaze you?” laughed Doctor Pryor, turning to Doctor Osiris.  “Such a small lab for this enormous project?  And the success that comes from this University?”
“We work with what is available to us,” I said.
“So I take it your lab is fully accommodated?” asked Doctor Pryor.  “You don’t have to rely on the refrigeration system at the University Hospital to store your samples?”
“No, we don’t have to take trips to the University Hospital,” I laughed.  “We have everything we need down in the Lab.  Refrigeration and everything to store our samples and conduct our experiments.”
“Now I do have to ask,” said Doctor Pryor, starting to look worried.  “You do maintain adequate security measures in the Lab?  Not just anyone can wander into the Lab and walk out with a live virus?”
“No, of course not,” I laughed, answering the idiot’s questions.  “The doors to the Lab lock down in case of emergency, and everything is under video surveillance.  Not to mention all of our viruses and genetic material are accessible only by authorized personnel.  And even then, the samples are secured behind passcode protected doors.”
“Okay, now I can sleep better tonight,” chuckled Doctor Pryor.  “I just wanted to make sure no one was gonna walk out of your lab with the latest deadly strain of Ebola.”
“Don’t worry, Doctor,” I said, trying to move on from the idiot’s questioning.  “We don’t keep any live samples of viral diseases in our Lab.  Our work is focused solely on virotherapy.  Our mission here is to cure, not to kill.”
“Now that is a great motto,” laughed Doctor Pryor.  “Thank you, Doctor Reddy.  I believe I’ve taken up enough of your time.”
“Not a problem,” I said, trying to wrap up my presentation.  “Now are there any other questions?”
“Proffy, I’ve got a question,” said Rajaroni, standing up from his seat.
“Raj, sit the hell down.”
“No problem, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, sitting back down.  “I’ll ask you later.”
“If there are no more questions, I’ll turn it back over to Doctor Fetzer.”
“And I’ll take it right back from you!” laughed Doctor Fetzer, returning to the podium after having a couple drinks.  “We’re not about to slow down now, because the sooner we get through these presentations, the sooner we get to mingle at the open bar!  So join me in welcoming our next speaker!”

15
Alphabet Soup Viruses

“Security measures?” scoffed Demetrius while walking down the little tunnel on the east side of the lobby.  “What’s the point of having giant steel doors if you just leave them wide open?” 
“Shut up, Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor, walking through the open doors at the end of the tunnel to go down into the Lab.  “We need to find the virus and destroy the video footage before any alarms go off.”
“I don’t understand your plan,” said Demetrius.  “Am I just shooting our way into the fridge?  Because I sure as hell didn’t get briefed on anything about the mission.”
“Why are you asking me?” said Doctor Pryor, sneaking through the hallways in the Lab.  “This is your job, Dimmy.  This is literally the only reason we pay you.  Break in and get us the sample before the police show up.  And don’t worry.  I’ve got a pretty good guess about the passcode.  But that’s only one security measure.  You gotta figure out the rest.”
“Then we don’t have a problem,” said Demetrius, entering an unlocked office.
“Dimmy, where are you going?” whispered Doctor Pryor.  “The virus isn’t in an office, you moron.  It’s in one of the labs.”
“Second security measure,” said Demetrius, searching the desk and drawers in the office.  “You eggheads are awful at following security protocols.”
“And what the hell does that mean?”
“Especially you, Doc,” said Demetrius, going through one of the desk drawers.  “You leave your access card in your top desk drawer, and forget to take it whenever you leave your office.”
“How the hell do you know—” 
“What’d I tell you,” smiled Demetrius, pulling an access card out of the desk drawer.  “Looks like we’re getting our sample thanks to Doctor Keyes.”
“Quiet down,” whispered Doctor Pryor.  “I don’t plan on getting locked up for burglarizing a science lab for viruses.  We can get put away for serious time if we get caught.”
“You didn’t seem so worried all those other times.”
“That’s because I wasn’t the one sneaking around a restricted area.”
“Come to think of it, why are you down here, Doc,” said Demetrius.  “You’re really putting yourself on the line for this virus.”
“This virus is important,” said Doctor Pryor.  “I need to make sure you don’t screw anything up.  We’re looking for one specific virus.  And I know that big dumb head of yours will somehow manage to collect a sample of everything but the one virus we’re here to find.”
“So what’s with this virus that’s so important?” asked Demetrius.  “A new biological weapon?  Are you gonna sell it to the Chinese?  All about money?”
“I don’t give a damn about money,” said Doctor Pryor.  “This is about immortality.  Reengineering the human genome into a new evolutionary stage.  This virus is our first step in overcoming death.”
“So now you’re playing God?”
“We’re always playing God,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Everything we work on at Lazarus.  Our sole purpose is to advance biomedical technology.  To improve life for the human species.”
“So what are we doing here, Doc?” asked Demetrius.  “Creating superhumans?  Like the comic books?”
“Vampires,” said Doctor Pryor.
“Vampires?”
“The living dead,” said Doctor Pryor.  “But without the cannibalism, and none of those nonsense myths about garlic and crosses.”
“Vampires that don’t drink blood?”
“Of course they’re gonna drink blood,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Have you ever heard of a vampire that doesn’t drink blood?  Blood is how we keep people alive after they’ve died.  Feed the brain to save consciousness.  No longer will the human species be limited by the rigid concept of life and death.  Instead, we can achieve immortality by truly surviving as the living dead.  But Albrecht disagreed with our vision for HDNARV.  Albrecht just couldn’t see the potential of the genome to transform the human race.  HDNARV can be used for so much more than mere resuscitation.”
“So are you gonna create zombies too, Doc?” asked Demetrius.
“This isn’t a game, Demetrius,” said Doctor Pryor, searching the hallway to find the right lab.  “This is the future of humanity.  The human body is fragile.  Failure of any organ can cause death.  But with this virus, the only organ we need to protect is the brain.  The one organ responsible for consciousness.  The consciousness that gives us life.  As long as blood is provided to the brain, we can extend human life even when the rest of the body ceases to function.  We can continue to live even after our bodies have died.  You can call it the living dead.  But it’s not death.  It’s the key to immortality.”
“Now you’re talking about cyborgs?” asked Demetrius.  “Hooking up my brain to your biotech organ system?  Cyborg vampires?”
“Hopefully that won’t be necessary,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Our goal is to transform the human body.  Liberate us from our dependence on fragile organs.  If we can perfect HDNARV, we will be able to live for as long as our brains survive.  But of course it will take time to pick up where Albrecht left off on the virus and complete our sequence.  So in the meantime, our best hope for escaping death would be rejuvenation of the natural human body.  However, if the body cannot be resuscitated after death and subsequently decomposes, then our only option would be to transplant the brain to a new body.  And with our current biomedical technology, it appears that our biotech organ system would be the most viable option.”
“So cyborg vampires?” confirmed Demetrius, stopping outside one of the labs.  “Well hopefully I’m dead before that day comes.”
“Bizarre Experiments Lab?” said Doctor Pryor, reading the sign outside the lab.
“Sounds like the right place to me,” said Demetrius, entering the Bizarre Experiments Lab.  “Now we just need to find your vampire virus and get the hell out of here.”
“Where are the lights?”
“Don’t touch the lights,” said Demetrius.  “Never touch the light switches when you’re conducting a burglary.  Draws too much unwanted attention.  And I’m not allowed to kill anyone tonight.”
“Then just keep your eyes open for a refrigeration system,” said Doctor Pryor, sneaking through the dark creepy lab.  “And can you at least take out your flashlight?”
“Better, Doc?” asked Demetrius, turning on his flashlight.  “Honestly?  We should’ve just taken that scientist hostage.  Let him lead us to the virus.”
“Yeah?” said Doctor Pryor.  “And then what do we do with the guy?”
“Kill him,” said Demetrius bluntly.
“What happened to non-lethal?”
“Non-lethal means no more than three murders.”
“Since when?” asked Doctor Pryor.
“One of my own rules,” said Demetrius.  “Any more than three bodies, and it gets a little hard to make it look like an accident.”
“An accident with three bodies?”
“A love triangle gone deadly,” said Demetrius.  “You just pull their pants down and set up a frisky scene.  Trust me, Doc.  People don’t ask questions.  It’s bad for PR.”
“Over there!” gasped Doctor Pryor as dark shapes flickered in the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“Relax, Doc,” laughed Demetrius.  “They’re just shadows.  I know you may be creating vampires, but there’s no such thing as ghosts.”
“I’m not worried about ghosts,” said Doctor Pryor.  “I’m worried about genetic experiments breaking loose from containment.  If they’ve created any organisms even one tenth as dangerous as we keep at Lazarus, your little handgun is gonna be absolutely useless.”
“Don’t doubt my skills,” said Demetrius.  “I’ve once killed a lizard-man.  With my bare hands.”
“I’m talking worse,” said Doctor Pryor.  “We’ve lost three scientists and a security guard this past week alone.”
“To a competitor?”
“To death,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Swallowed whole and slowly digested by sulfuric acid.”
“By what?”
“Classified,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Just keep your eyes open for anything dangerous, because I don’t plan on getting eaten tonight.”
“Then you better not turn around,” joked Demetrius.  “You’ve got a giant monster creeping up right behind you, Doc.”
“Yeah, and what does it look like?” asked Doctor Pryor.
“Very scary, Doc,” joked Demetrius.  “How about I give you twenty questions?  What kind of monster would freak the living hell out of you?”
“Is the monster green?” asked Doctor Pryor, playing along with the stupid game.
“Oh yeah,” said Demetrius.  “The creature’s naked body is fully covered with a dark green skin, just glistening in the darkness from the dim light creeping in through the doorway.”
“And it’s tall?”
“Very tall,” said Demetrius.  “Over ten feet tall, stretching from the floor all the way up to the ceiling.  But it’s not only tall vertically.  The monster’s also tall sideways.”
“What the hell does that mean?”
“I’m saying the monster’s got a dozen snake like arms dancing around in the darkness, searching for any form of prey to shove down its slimy throat.”
“And what kind of head?” asked Doctor Pryor.  “Something with dozens of little eye balls?”
“Don’t worry about the eyes, Doc,” said Demetrius.  “You gotta watch out for the teeth!”
“Ooh, the teeth?” joked Doctor Pryor, barely noticing the shadow surrounding Demetrius.  “Tell me about the teeth, Dimmy.  Are they terrifying?”
“No, they’re haunting!” said Demetrius as if he were telling a ghost story around a campfire.  “Don’t be fooled by the creature’s cuddly appearance, for all hope is lost once the monster opens its slobbery jaw, revealing jagged rows of long pointy teeth just waiting to pierce down into human flesh.  So be warned, Doc.  There’s no defense against those hypnotizing rows of teeth.  There’s just tooth after tooth after tooth!  Almost impossible to count!  But if I had to count, I’d probably say there’s gotta be over three hundred—”
“How about two hundred and eighty-eight?” said Doctor Pryor nervously.
“What’s wrong, Doc?” joked Demetrius.  “Are you visualizing your worst nightmare?”
“Dimmy?” muttered Doctor Pryor, trying to point to the shadow creeping up behind Demetrius.
“So what is this monster?” joked Demetrius.  “Is it another lizard-man created by a mad scientist?  Is it a swamp creature captured from the bayou?  Or worse?  An extraterrestrial parasitic—” 
“I think it’s a giant Venus flytrap!” panicked Doctor Pryor, pointing to the shadow right behind Demetrius.
“Huh?” said Demetrius, slowly turning around with his flashlight to illuminate the genetically engineered carnivorous plant.
“Dimmy, look out!” gasped Doctor Pryor.  “Pull your hand back!”
“Oh my god,” panicked Demetrious, standing frozen with fear.  “Doc?”
Snap!
“Ahhh!” shrieked Demetrius as the carnivorous plant snapped its jaw shut around his flashlight hand.  “Doc!  I’m getting eaten by a giant flower!”
“I’m coming, Dimmy!” said Doctor Pryor, racing into the action.  “Give me your arm, Dimmy!”
“Hurry, Doc!” cried Demetrius, reaching out for help with his free hand.  “I’m getting swallowed by a walking plant!  Thank god its teeth are only leaves!”
“I’m trying, Dimmy!” panicked Doctor Pryor as the carnivorous plant slowly swallowed the mercenary.  “I’ve got your ankles!”
“Doc, get me outta here!” echoed Demetrius’ voice from inside the giant flytrap.
“I’m not letting go, Dimmy!” said Doctor Pryor, tightening his grip on the mercenary’s pants.
“Grab my ankles!” cried Demetrius.  “I don’t need you to pull my pants off!  I need you to pull me out of the hungry flower!”
“Just shoot the thing!” said Doctor Pryor.  “Grab your gun and kill the flytrap from the inside!”
“Ahhh!” cried Demetrius as the flytrap swallowed his whole body.
Rip!
“Uh?” said Doctor Pryor, ripping the pants right off Demetrius.  “Dimmy?  Dimmy, are you still there?”
“Burp!” belched the giant flytrap.
“Dimmy?” said Doctor Pryor with the torn pants in his hands.
Bang!  Bang!  Bang!
“Take that, you stupid burping flower monster!” said Demetrius, shooting his way out of the giant carnivorous plant.  “Can you believe this, Doc?  I actually just got swallowed by an oversized flower!”
“Are you alright, Dimmy?” asked Doctor Pryor.
“Can I have my pants back, Doc?” said Demetrius, prying his torn pants away from the scientist to redress himself.  “My legs are freezing cold, all soaked in green and purple flower goop.”
“I guess that wasn’t so bad,” said Doctor Pryor.  “The only harm done was to your pants.  And the dead plant doesn’t actually count as a kill.”
“Like hell it doesn’t,” said Demetrius.  “Everything counts as a kill on this kind of mission.  In fact, the less human and more dangerous the creature, the more points they’re worth.  I’m saying that flower’s worth twenty-five hundred points, bringing my total score up to six hundred and eighty thousand.”
“Six hundred and eighty?” asked Doctor Pryor.  “What the hell have you killed?”
“Just about everything,” said Demetrius.  “Two hundred and fifty-three people over my entire career.  But no reason to worry, Doc.  Only about a hundred were innocent scientists.  The rest were either hired guns or assassination targets.  I try my best to keep it clean, but sometimes there’s no other way.  Besides that, I’ve killed a handful of monsters.  Including two Predators in Central America during a mission for my last employer.  And just last month, I destroyed a Terminator while sneaking around the research facility at Cyber-Net AI Systems.  Of course the robot wasn’t powered on, so I only got half the points.”
“Wow,” said Doctor Pryor.  “So you’re like actually a murderer?”
“Oh, so now you’re judging me?” said Demetrius.  “Doc, I know what you do at Lazarus.”
“I don’t go around shooting people, Dimmy.”
“Maybe not with a gun,” said Demetrius.  “But those viruses you inject into your human test subjects?  Who do you think has to dispose of the bodies?”
“Come on, that’s different, Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor.  “What I do in the lab is for progress.  To advance the human race along its evolutionary path.  So maybe we lose a couple hundred test subjects.  But that’s because I don’t have thirty years to spare testing our research on rats and monkeys.  You have to think about the greater good.”
“And that’s how you got the idea to create vampires?” asked Demetrius.  “A whole army of undead blood suckers flying around the planet at night attacking our children in their sleep until they’re nothing but dried out corpses?”
“Wrong kind of vampire,” said Doctor Pryor.  “But we’re not gonna have any vampires if you can’t find the damn refrigeration system in this lab.”
“I’m looking,” said Demetrius.  “But a little help would sure be nice—”
“Hello?” came a soft voice from the other end of the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“Get down,” whispered Doctor Pryor.  “Someone’s in the lab.”
“Doc?” said Demetrius nervously.  “Remember what I said earlier about ghosts not being real?  Well I take that back.  Because I’m pretty sure that voice came from a ghost.”
“She sounded like a young girl,” said Doctor Pryor.  “She probably heard your big mouth and came to check out the noise.”
“I don’t think so,” said Demetrius.  “None of the doors opened.  But that voice came from inside the lab?”
“Hello?” said the young girl.  “I can hear you whispering.  Won’t you come a little closer so I can see you?  Please, I just need some help.  I haven’t eaten in three weeks.”
“Dimmy, go check that out,” said Doctor Pryor.
“What?” gasped Demetrius.  “No way, Doc.  I already got eaten by a carnivorous flower.  Listen, I can deal with monsters and murderous creatures all night.  But I won’t have nothing to do with little girls or ghosts.  And if that’s a little girl ghost?”
“Come on, Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor.  “You’ve got a gun.  And I’m right behind you in case anything happens.”
“You mean so I can protect you?” asked Demetrius.  “Or so you can run for your life as soon as I get attacked by a ghost?”
“I know you’re out there,” sobbed the young girl.  “Won’t you please help me?  I just wanna be human.  Why won’t you help me?”
“I think I found her lair,” whispered Demetrius, noticing a purple glow shining through a slightly open door on the other side of the lab.
“Ultraviolet light,” said Doctor Pryor, slowly creeping up to the slightly open door.  “There may be another organism inside that room.”
“You mean another carnivorous flower?” asked Demetrius.  “A talking carnivorous flower?  Queen of the carnivorous flowers?  You know, maybe we oughta just cut our losses and get the hell out of this creepy lab before we find something really dangerous.  Because I’ve already been eaten by one oversized flower.  And I think that’s more than enough for one day.”
“Leaves?” said Doctor Pryor, approaching the purple glow.  “Dimmy, there’s leafy vines coming out of that closet.  Maybe it’s another photosynthetic organism.”
“Great,” sighed Demetrius.  “And how big do you think the queen will be?”
“You’re getting closer,” sobbed the girl plant.  “Please, just hurry before he comes back.  I opened the door with my vines, but I can’t move my roots from the dirt.  Please, won’t you come a little closer and help me?”
“I really don’t like the feeling of this,” whispered Demetrius.  “Being lured into a dark room by a talking flower?”
“Just help her out, Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Maybe she knows where to find the virus.”
“Please!” shrieked the girl.  “Help me!  Somebody help me!”
“Okay, I’m outta here,” said Demetrius, preparing to run for his life.
“Get back here, Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor, grabbing his arm to pull him back.  “Now get in there and ask her where to find the virus.”
“I’m sorry,” sobbed the girl.  “I didn’t mean to scare you.  I just need your help.  My vines aren’t long enough to reach my antidote.”
“Miss flower girl?” said Demetrius, talking loud enough for the organism to hear as he reached for the door knob.  “Whoever you are, we’ve come to help you.  Now I’m gonna open the door real slowly, and whatever you do, please do not eat me like the last plant did.”
“I’m not gonna eat you,” sobbed the girl plant.  “I just wanna be normal.  Please, won’t you help me?  Make me human again?”
“What’s your name?” asked Demetrius, revealing the bizarre organism by opening the door.
“Daisy,” said the girl as Demetrius shined his flashlight into the small room.
“Well that makes sense,” said Doctor Pryor as the flashlight revealed a giant daisy.
“I’m not supposed to be a flower,” sobbed Daisy.  “Doctor Wacky turned me into a real daisy.  Please, won’t you help me?  The antidote is just right over there.  Please, turn me back to normal.  I wanna be human again.”
“Daisy Inactivation Retrovirus?” said Doctor Pryor, reading the words written on the antidote.  “So where do I stick this thing?”
“Into my stem,” sobbed Daisy.  “The antidote will inactivate whatever that monster added to my genome.  Please, I just wanna be normal.”
“It’s alright, Daisy,” said Doctor Pryor, injecting the virus into the girl’s stem.  “You’re just gonna feel a little needle prick.”
“Ow,” said Daisy as the antidote was administered.  “Did it work?  Am I human?”
“Whoa!” gasped Demetrius.  “Doc, what the hell is going on?”
“Seconds,” said Doctor Pryor in amazement as the flower girl transformed back into a human girl.  “Their retrovirus actually works in mere seconds.”
“Thank you so much,” sobbed Daisy as her leaves fell off and her stem morphed back into a human body.  “You saved my life.  From that evil Doctor Wacky.  He wouldn’t even feed me real sunlight to photosynthesize.  I’ve been locked up in this little closet for three weeks where no one could hear me crying.”
“It’s okay, Daisy,” said Doctor Pryor, trying to comfort the scared girl.  “We’re here to help you.  And we wanna make sure this kind of thing never happens to anyone else.  So we need your help, Daisy.  Where do they keep the viruses?”
“The Genetic Engineering Lab,” said Daisy.  “Right around the corner.  Please, destroy everything!  Don’t let anyone else get hurt by Doctor Wacky!”
“Don’t worry,” said Doctor Pryor.  “We’ll take care of everything.”
“I have to get out of here,” said Daisy, fleeing for her life.  “I need to escape before Doctor Wacky comes back!  Before he turns me back into a real daisy!  I’m done with this school!  I’m transferring to a normal university!”
“You don’t see that every day,” said Demetrius before leaving the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“I’ve seen it once or twice before,” said Doctor Pryor, starting down the hallway.  “Now we need to find the Genetic Engineering Lab.”
“And what kind of creatures do you think we’ll find in the next lab?” asked Demetrius.  “They don’t actually have cyborg vampires, do they?”
“Doubt it,” said Doctor Pryor.  “This lab doesn’t seem as sophisticated as Lazarus.  We don’t let our flower girls escape.”
“Here we go,” said Demetrius, opening the door to the Genetic Engineering Lab.  “Now we just need to find the fridge.”
“Remember, Dimmy,” said Doctor Pryor.  “It’s not a normal kitchen fridge.”
“No duh, Doc,” said Demetrius, working his way through the Genetic Engineering Lab.  “I pull this kind of job for you guys at least once a week.  You don’t think I know what a refrigeration system looks like by now?”
“Does it look like that, Dimmy?” said Doctor Pryor, pointing to a sealed door securing the virus samples.  “Now go get it open.”
“Easy for you to say,” said Demetrius, swiping the stolen access card to get through the first security measure.  “Now do you know the passcode?  Or am I gonna have to shoot my way into the fridge.”
“Try this,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Thirteen—”
“Doc,” said Demetrius, turning around with an annoyed look.  “The numbers go from zero to nine.”
“Then one and three,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Come on, Dimmy.  This isn’t too hard to figure out.”
“That’s it?” asked Demetrius.  “Just thirteen?”
“Are you ready?” asked Doctor Pryor before continuing the passcode.  “Nine-three-eight-one-five-twelve.  Or one and two, if your brain can’t handle the big numbers.”
“And where’d you get this code from?” asked Demetrius while punching in the passcode.  “You pull it out of your—”
“It spells out Michael,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Doctor Albrecht’s—”
Beep!
“No good,” said Demetrius.  “You got any other codes, or am I pulling out my gun now?”
“Try this one,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Nineteen-one-two-eighteen-nine-fourteen-one.”
Beep!
“Wow, you’re on a roll today, Doc,” laughed Demetrius as the passcode failed again.
“Okay,” shrugged Doctor Pryor.  “I guess you’re using your gun tonight.”
“Not quite yet,” said Demetrius, trying the keypad one more time.  “Like I’ve been saying, you scientists aren’t as smart as you think you are.  There’s always one passcode I try before pulling out my gun.”
Beep!  Beep!
“It’s open?” asked Doctor Pryor.  “What’d you do?”
“Think like an idiot,” said Demetrius, opening the secure door to the refrigerated storage room.  “One-two-three-four-five-six-seven-eight-nine.”
“Really?”
“Works fifty percent of the time,” said Demetrius.  “The other half of the time I just shoot the living hell out of the door knob.”
“Can you find a light switch?” asked Doctor Pryor, touching everything on the wall inside the refrigerated storage room.  “I can’t see anything in the dark.”
“Other side,” said Demetrius, aiming his flashlight on the light switch.  “I think you’re playing with the thermostat over there.”
“Whoops,” said Doctor Pryor, flipping the light switch on the other side of the door.  “Well isn’t that a great place to put the thermostat?  Make it real easy to damage all the samples?”
“Doc, what’d you call the virus again?” asked Demetrius, opening all the different compartments to find the right sample.  “I’m getting confused with all these alphabet soup viruses.”
“HDNARV,” said Doctor Pryor.  “Find the latest version of HDNARV.”
“Is today’s date latest enough for you?” asked Demetrius, holding up a vial of the most recent version of HDNARV.  “How many vials should I grab?”
“How many vials are there—?”
Boom!
“What the hell was that?” said Demetrius as the entire building rumbled.
“Thunderstorm?” said Doctor Pryor.  “Lightning strike?”
Vooooom!
“Did the whole building get struck by lightning?” asked Demetrius as the all the lights in the Lab powered down.
“Time to go,” said Doctor Pryor, leaving the refrigerated room door open without readjusting the temperature before fleeing the Genetic Engineering Lab.  “We’ve got what we came for, Dimmy.  Now we just need to destroy the surveillance footage and get the virus back to Lazarus.”

16
Top Secret Nerd Convention

“Everybody, remain calm,” laughed Doctor Fetzer, stumbling through the dark on her way up to the podium in the conference room.  “The party lights will be on in just a few moments.  And if you’re getting scared, remember we’ve still got an open bar until ten tonight.  And just because the bartender cut me off doesn’t mean the party has to stop for you!”
Vooooom!
“Party!” cheered Doctor Fetzer as the backup lights powered on.  “Do you know what the party lights mean, everybody?  They mean it’s time for our giveaway!  Check beneath your seats for the grand prize!  Because you’ve just won a new car!  And you win a new car!  In fact, everybody wins a new car!  Woo!”
“Doctor Fetzer,” whispered Miwa as loud as possible.  “We’re not done with the presentations yet.”
“Wait!” laughed Doctor Fetzer.  “I’m just kidding!  Don’t check under your seats yet for your new car.  Because we’re not ready to party.  I think we may still have a couple more speakers left to go.  Then we’ll get to party all night!  So please, join me in welcoming . . . welcoming Doctor . . . I don’t know what the dork’s name is . . . so join me in welcoming Doctor what’s his name!  Woo!  Big hand for Doctor what’s his name!  The biggest dork around!”
“Miwa,” I whispered to the nearby table.  “Have you heard anything from Doctor Albrecht?  Do you think he fell asleep in his office again?”
“I don’t know,” said Miwa.  “He was going over our results for like the tenth time when I saw him a couple hours ago.”
“I’m gonna go see what he’s doing,” I said before leaving the dimly lit conference room.
“Wait up, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, chasing me down to the lobby.  “You can’t sneak off without your internaroni.”
“Do you frick’n believe this?” muttered a maintenance guy as he entered the lobby of the Biomedical Center.  “Eight forty-five.  Fifteen minutes before my frick’n shift ends for the night, and the frick’n power in your dilapidated building goes out again.  I’m literally about to leave, but instead, I have to run though a frick’n monsoon thunderstorm to crank an old broken down generator in the basement of your frick’n science building.”
“There’s a generator in the Lab?” I asked, following the maintenance guy down to the Lab.
“I don’t know what the hell you’d call that frick’n thing,” rambled the maintenance guy.  “Your circuit breaker in the basement of your basement.  It’s like you people have a frick’n metal pole on the roof of your frick’n science building.  Every frick’n time we have a thunderstorm, your frick’n science building gets struck by lighting and the whole power system gets overloaded.  And I told them fifty frick’n times to go to the frick’n Home Depot and get a new circuit breaker.  But do they listen to Moe?  No!  They don’t listen to Moe!  They think who the hell they are!  But the facilities manager doesn’t care.  He doesn’t have to run though a frick’n thunderstorm to get the frick’n power back on.  Moe’s gotta get the frick’n power back on!  Moe the frick’n shmoe!”
“Those technically aren’t curse words,” said Rajaroni.
“And who in the frick’n hell are you?” said Moe.  “What the hell are you frick’n people still doing here?  You having a frick’n science party in the middle of the night?  Top secret nerd convention?”
“Science conference,” I said.  “We’ll be finished up in another hour or so.”
“Another hour?” said Moe.  “Well have fun in the dark, because if this building gets hit by lightning again, you’re on your own with the power.”
“Do you wanna just show me the circuit breaker?”
“Be my guest,” said Moe after reaching the Lab.  “But I’m warning you, it’s a frick’n safety hazard.  I get shocked every frick’n time, but the facilities manager still won’t replace the damn circuit breaker.”
“Dimmy, shut the hell up,” whispered Doctor Pryor.  “I hear someone coming.”
“And who the frick’n hell are you hiding in the frick’n dark!” shouted Moe.  “What, do you think you’re like a frick’n ghost or something!  Because Moe doesn’t have time for no frick’n ghosts!”
“Doctor Reddy?” said Doctor Pryor, emerging from the dark with Demetrius.  “Oh, so good to see you again, Doctor Reddy.”
“Doctor,” I started saying.
“No,” said Rajaroni.  “I believe his name is Mister Doctor.”
“Mister Doctor,” I continued.  “Wait, what?  Raj, shut the hell up.  Doctor, can I help you find something?”
“Nope,” said Doctor Pryor.  “We were just saying hello to Doctor Albrecht since we didn’t see him at the conference.”
“Sir, I don’t have all frick’n night over here,” said Moe.  “Do you wanna see your frick’n circuit breaker or not?”
“Thanks for coming, Doctor,” I said as Doctor Pryor and Demetrius walked away.
“Great job, Doc,” whispered Demetrius as they headed back to the conference room.  “That’s not how you cover your tracks you know?  Never name drop.  Should’ve just said we got lost looking for the restroom.”
“This job frick’n sucks,” said Moe, leading us down a narrow staircase and into the basement beneath the Lab.  “My brother Larry’s got it great.  He drives a frick’n ice cream truck around town.  And the bastard still complains.  Operating a frick’n blood creamery.  Why couldn’t I have that job?  I could drive a frick’n ice cream truck.  How hard can it be to deliver blood to a frick’n hospital?  Even Moe could do that frick’n job.”
“The grass isn’t always greenaroni on the other side,” said Rajaroni.
“And what in the frick’n hell is that supposed to mean?” said Moe, turning on his flashlight once we reached the basement.  “Did I ask for comments from the frick’n peanut gallery?”
“So which way is the circuit breaker?” I asked, following the maintenance guy through the dimly lit basement.
“It’s somewhere,” said Moe, leading the way down a curvy path carved through all the basement junk.  “Just keep your feet on solid ground.  The power system is somewhere in the middle of the basement.  Just keep following the frick’n path back and forth and you’ll find the circuit breaker eventually.”
“Is that the circuit breaker?” I asked, pointing to a giant metal rectangle with a bunch of switches and wires sticking out.
“More like a frick’n death trap,” said Moe, approaching the circuit breaker.  “You see that thing?”
“Yeah?” I said, reaching out to touch a long metal object.
“Well don’t touch it,” said Moe.  “It’s worse than a frick’n electric chair.”
“Oh,” I said, pulling my hand back just in time.  “So how do we get the power back on?”
“Oh so now you’re rushing me?” said Moe, kicking junk out of the way to reach the circuit breaker contraption.
“Just tell me what I’m supposed to do to restore the power.”
“That thing,” said Moe, pointing to the circuit breaker.  “First you gotta flip the power switch down so you don’t fry your brain.”
“This switch?” I asked, grabbing the power switch.
“Go ahead, mister scientist,” said Moe.  “I’m done touching this frick’n crap.”
“Now what?” I asked, flipping the power switch to down.
“That thing,” said Moe, pointing to a contraption in the cluttered mess.  “Just crank that a couple dozen times.”
“Okay,” I said, reaching for the handle.
“Wait!” warned Moe.  “You gotta wait at least thirty seconds unless you want ten thousand volts of electricity ripping through your body.”
“Does somebody have a watch?”
“Good enough,” said Moe, counting to about five seconds in his head.  “I don’t have all frick’n day over here.”
“How many cranks?” I asked, spinning the wheel around.
“Just crank the wheel like fifty times until you start feeling a little shock.”
“Huh?” I said, looking up from the contraption.  “Did you say shock—”
Zap!
“Whoa!” I shrieked, pulling my hand off the electrified crank.  “That’s frick’n dangerous.”
“What’d I tell you?” said Moe as I stepped back towards the circuit breaker.  “Now flip your power switch back on so I can get the hell out of here and go home.”
Vooooom!
“You did it, Proffy!” cheered Rajaroni as all the main lights powered back on in the Lab.
“You’re on your own now,” said Moe, retracing his steps quickly through the cluttered path in the basement to head back up to the lobby.  “And I better be getting paid frick’n overtime for this crap.”
“Squeak!” came a noise as we made our way towards the narrow staircase leading back up to the Lab.  “Squeak!  Squeak!”
“Raj, was that you?” I asked.
“Not me, Proffy,” laughed Rajaroni.  “Those are the rataronies.  There’s still seventeen of them running loose, making themselves at home in the Lab.  Just wait until they hook up with the twenty-one simple rats and grow their numbers through natural selection.”
“Well I’m taking the rest of the week off,” I said, reentering the Lab.  “While I’m gone, can you try to get your damn rats back before they start having babies in the walls?  You know half the scientists down here are freaked out by rats.  And it’s not gonna be good if we have a whole extended family of rats running loose around the Lab.”
“Maybe we can coexist?” said Rajaroni.  “The human race and the rataroni people.  Working side by side to build a better tomorrow.  A mutual relationship between the life size world and the mini world.”
“Because that’s what we need, Raj,” I said.  “Smart rats running around the world, plotting to kill us in our sleep.”
“They can’t kill us,” said Rajaroni.  “Without humans, who’s gonna farm grain for spaghetti?  And who’s gonna grind up cows into little meatballs?  The rataroni people need human sized helpers to survive.  Otherwise they won’t be able to feed their giant rataroni brains with enough spaghetti and meatballs to support their intelligence.  The rataroni people will die without human cuisine.  Their brains are just too smart to survive on a diet of cheddar cheese alone.”
“Maybe you should be interning for Doctor Wacky,” I said before heading towards Doctor Albrecht’s office.
“Nah,” said Rajaroni.  “Me and you are gonna do great things together, Proffy.”
“Doctor Albrecht?” I said, entering his office.
“Doctor Reddy?” said Doctor Albrecht, looking up cross eyed from his notes.  “Shouldn’t you be getting ready for your presentation?  I believe the conference should be starting soon.”
“Doctor, the conference is almost over,” I said, pointing to the clock in his office.
“Wow,” laughed Doctor Albrecht.  “I guess I completely lost track of time down here.  I’ll be up in just a couple minutes.  I’m almost done going through my notes.”
“Did you discuss anything important with those two guys from LBS?”
“Lazarus?” asked Doctor Albrecht.  “I try to keep my distance from those people.  Nothing good ever comes from their work.  Like I’ve said a million times, they’re just a bunch of mad scientists with enough money to actually murder the world.  Honestly, I’d prefer to get through tonight without talking to anyone from Lazarus.”
“What about Mister Doctor?” asked Rajaroni.
“Who?” said Doctor Albrecht.
“The two guys who came down to see you?” I said, getting confused.  “One of the scientists from Lazarus, and some other tough looking guy?”
“Well I didn’t see anyone,” said Doctor Albrecht.
“Really?” I said.  “Oh, and you know your wife is upstairs?”
“I’ll be up in just a minute,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “I’m just reviewing the results one last time.  I need to make sure our finalized genome is absolutely ready for human trials.”

17
Indian Bald Eagle

“Sanjay, please save me,” whined Miwa as I took my seat in the conference room.  “I am literally bored out of my mind.  One boring presentation after another.  And why’d you leave Liam Grey all alone at the table.  For the last fifteen minutes I’ve been listening to that moron have a conversation about dinosaurs with Doctor Wu.”
“Where’s Doctor Fetzer?” I asked.
“I put her in a cab,” said Miwa.  “After the last presentation, she broke down at the podium, reflecting on her miserable life without William Grey.  Oh my god, it was so awkward.  I had to drag her off the stage and send her home before the whole event fell apart.”
“And this all happened in the past fifteen minutes—?”
“Rawr!” shrieked Liam.  “That’s what you need to make them sound like, Doctor Wu.  I want my dinosaurs big and ferocious!  But of course they should also have a gentle side, because the park would not be complete without a baby T-Rex petting zoo for the children.”
“Now tell me, Mister Grey,” said Jason Wong.  “When did you first realize that you were part dinosaur?”
“Hey,” I whispered to the psychology professor.  “Will you stop analyzing my guest please?”
“One second,” said Jason, reviewing the notes from his interview.  “I’m so close to making a conclusive diagnosis on this very peculiar patient.”
“Interview’s over,” I snapped, grabbing the notes from Jason.
“Hey, what gives, dude?” said Jason, fighting to get his notes back.  “I’m trying to determine the traumatic childhood event responsible for his dino personality disorder.”
“No,” I said, going off the rails.  “It’s bad enough you get to analyze my sweet Miwa every night.  You’re not gonna start analyzing my guests too!”
“Sanjay!” gasped Miwa.
“And you, Mister Grey!” I said, standing up.  “What is wrong in that giant bonehead of yours?  How many times do I have to tell you?  This is not Jurassic Park!  There are no such thing as dinosaurs!  And professor booger eater is not Doctor Wu!”
“Sanjay!” screamed Miwa.  “What the hell is wrong with you?”
“Miwa,” whispered Jason.  “I think you might have to send this guy home too.”
“I am not drunk, Mister Jason Wong!” I said, staring the psychology professor in the eyes.  “In fact, I have not had a single drink tonight!”
“Drugs?”
“Do I look like I do drugs?” I shouted, standing on my chair as the rest of the room stared at the crazy person.
“Why do they always have an open bar at these events?” said Demetrius.  “Every single time, two hours into the event, and you dorks go crazy.”
“I apologize,” I said, taking a deep breath as I stood on my chair.  “You may continue your presentation.”
“I’m gonna use the restroom,” said Jason, leaving the conference room to avoid the craziness.
“Sanjay, are you actually mentally deranged?” asked Miwa as the rest of the room went back to normal.  “Can you literally not go a single day without being a complete jerk?  And seriously?  Professor booger eater?  Really?”
“I thought that was pretty creative,” I said proudly.  “What do you think, Raj?”
“I need to go introduce the next speaker,” said Miwa, making her way up to the podium as the current presentation concluded.
“Raj, help me out here,” I begged.  “We need to get rid of professor booger eater.  Before I lose Miwa.  Come on, Raj!”
“They’re all gonna laugh at him,” said Rajaroni, pointing to the thirty gallons of pig blood hooked up to the ceiling by ropes and pulleys.  “Just get mister tall, pale, and handsome into the splash zone and I’ll cut the rope.  And as long as the boyfriend doesn’t have telekinetic powers, you should be all clear for wooing Doctor Ling.”
“Excellent,” I smiled sinisterly.  “They’re all gonna laugh at him.  Laugh at him!”
“I would now like to introduce our next speaker,” said Miwa at the podium.  “Actually, I believe this is our final speaker for the night.  So if you will please join me in welcoming Doctor Wacky.”
“Give it up for Doctor Wacky!” cheered Caleb, sitting just a few feet away from the suspended drum of pig blood.
“I have something very special for you all tonight,” smiled Doctor Wacky, making his way up to the podium.  “You have endured many hours of dragged-on speeches and boring presentations, but I have always believed that there is no better way to show off your work than to actually show your work.”
“You all better hold onto your socks,” giggled Caleb, getting excited to finally reveal the secret project.
“In my lab, I create many unique organisms,” said Doctor Wacky.  “Organisms you could not even imagine in your dreams.  And I do this by splicing genomes with other genomes, and by injecting my experiments with viruses and various forms of mold found in my underwear, and by dousing the organisms with near deadly levels of radiation, and by sewing the arms and legs of one organism onto the bodies of another organism, and by chopping off heads just to see what will happen to the critter.  But of all my creations, there is one that gives me the greatest pride and joy.  One creation that is greater than all of my other creations combined!”
“We’re gonna be famous,” squirmed Caleb with excitement.
“Beneath this blanket, there is a cage,” said Doctor Wacky suspensefully.  “And within this cage, I have a wonderful surprise for you all tonight.  So be prepared, for the surprise is my proudest creation.  The surprise is a creature you have never seen before.  But you will now have the honor of being the first to see my creation with your very own eyes.  In my lab, I have created a creature unlike anything existing in modern times!”
“You better get your cameras ready,” giggled Caleb, about to pee himself.
“Now you’ve all heard of the famous American Bald Eagle,” said Doctor Wacky.  “But I said: Hey, why save an endangered species when you can create an entirely new species?  So instead of an American Bald Eagle, for the mere cost of three point five million dollars, I developed the genomic sequence for an entirely new species of raptor, and I hatched the first of its kind!”
“No way, baby,” smiled Liam, grabbing my shoulder to get my attention.  “I knew we were getting dinosaurs today!”
“When did he say dinosaurs?” I asked.
“Raptor, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam as if he were intelligent.  “All day you’ve been trying to convince me this wasn’t Jurassic Park, but I told you, you can’t fool Liam Grey.  Now it looks like we’re finally gonna see that velociraptor you’ve been hiding from me all day.”
“So without further ado,” said Doctor Wacky, pulling the blanket off the raptor cage.  “Behold!  I present to you the Indian Bald Eagle!”
“What’d he just say?” I asked as Doctor Wacky revealed his creation.
“It’s exactly the same as the American Bald Eagle!” laughed Doctor Wacky.  “Except it’s got a dot on its forehead!”
“Oh for the love of god,” I cried.  “Three point five million dollars?  For a dot?  Why, Doctor Wacky?  Why?”
“Woo!” shrieked Caleb, erupting into a grand applause to get the audience going.  “Behold our masterpiece!  The Indian Bald Eagle!”
“Don’t be shy,” smiled Doctor Wacky, opening the raptor cage to show off his creature.
“Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam, starting to cry.  “Where’s the dinosaur?”
“The bird has a frick’n dot on its head,” I sobbed.  “A dot!”
“Hey, egghead!” shouted Liam, standing up on his chair in anger.  “Where’s the velociraptor, bozo?”
“What’d I miss?” said Jason Wong, returning from the restroom.
“Feast your eyes!” shouted Caleb, prancing around the conference room.  “The Indian Bald Eagle!  A creature of elegance and magnificence!”
“You think that was amazing?” said Rajaroni, lifting up his cage full of rats.  “I have the rataroni people!”
“Kaw!” shrieked the Indian Bald Eagle, taking off from its perch to fly straight for the rat cage.
Flap!  Flap!  Flap!
“Ahhh!” screamed the entire audience as the raptor soared through the conference room with its six foot wingspan.
Whack!
“Uh oh,” gasped Rajaroni as the Indian Bald Eagle flew into the pig blood contraption and snapped one of the ropes.
“Look out!” warned Miwa as the drum of pig blood tipped over above the audience.
“Mommy?” muttered Caleb, looking up just in time to watch the suspended drum pour out thirty gallons of pig blood directly over his head.
Splash!
“Bullseye!” laughed Rajaroni as the blood drenched Caleb.  “They’re all gonna laugh at you!  Laugh at you!”
“That’s not the booger eater!” I shouted.  “You missed Professor Wong!”
“What?” snapped Miwa, giving me an angry look.
“Seriously, did I miss something?” asked Jason, returning to his seat.
Flap!  Flap!  Flap!
“Ahhh!” screamed Miwa.  “The bird’s still alive!”
“Kaw!” shrieked the Indian Bald Eagle before grabbing the rataroni cage with its talons.
“Protect the rataronies!” shouted Rajaroni as the raptor soared through the conference room with his rataroni cage.
Flap!  Flap!  Flap!
“Kill the bird!” said Rajaroni, racing over to his pulley system to manipulate the suspended drum of pig blood.  “The rataroni people must live!”
“Doctor Osiris!” said Demetrius while securing the area around the Lazarus table.  “We need to get you out of here!  I can no longer guarantee your safety in this location!”
“So why do we fund this university?” asked Doctor Pryor as the Lazarus executives and scientists fled the room.
“Die, bird, die!” cackled Rajaroni, pulling a rope to swing the empty drum of blood into the flying Indian Bald Eagle.
Whack!
“Kaw!” cried the Indian Bald Eagle, dropping the rataroni cage as it spiraled to the ground.
“My creation!” cried Doctor Wacky.
“The rataroni people!” cried Rajaroni as his cage of rats descended to the ground.
Clack!
“Uh oh,” gasped Rajaroni as the cage shattered open upon hitting the ground.  “Proffy, I think the rataronies are loose again.”
“Ahhh!” screamed the entire audience as the rataroni people scattered in every direction throughout the conference room.
“Blood!” sobbed Caleb, cradling the dead Indian Bald Eagle.  “Blood has been spilled!”
“Well?” I shrugged, leaving the conference room.  “Still not as bad as last year.”
“What happened?” asked Misses Albrecht, huddled right outside the conference room.
“Where should I even start—” I began saying.
“Is she alright?” whispered Misses Albrecht into her cell phone.  “Okay, I’m coming right now.”
“Misses Albrecht?” I said, approaching the worried woman.
“Frederick,” said Misses Albrecht, making a second call that went to voicemail.  “Frederick, she’s at the University Hospital.  It’s happening right now.”
“Misses Albrecht?” I said, sneaking up on her.  “Is everything alright?”
“Frederick,” said Misses Albrecht, turning to me before racing out of the building.  “Tell Frederick she’s at the University Hospital.  We’re running out of time.”
“Okay?” I said, slowly making my way down to the Lab.  “Wow, this night just keeps getting weirder and weirder.”

18
Big Boy Playdate

“Doctor Albrecht?” I shouted, searching the Lab.  “Doctor Albrecht, are you still down here working?  Hello?  Doctor Albrecht?”
“Doctor Reddy?” said Doctor Albrecht, sneaking out of a small lab next to his office.  “I’ll be right upstairs in a minute, Doctor Reddy.  And shouldn’t you be getting ready for your presentation.  The conference will be starting any moment.”
“Doctor Albrecht, the conference is over,” I said.  “And your wife just left.  She said something about someone at the University Hospital.  She seemed a little worried.”
“Sabrina?” gasped Doctor Albrecht, making the same worried look as Misses Albrecht.
“Is everything alright?” I asked.
“I have to go,” said Doctor Albrecht, sprinting to leave the Lab.  “I need Doctor Fetzer!  Sanjay, you need to find Doctor Fetzer!  I need her in the Lab now!”
“What the hell is going on?” I muttered, pulling out my cell phone once I reached the lobby.
“Sanjay, what’s going on with Doctor Albrecht?” asked Miwa in the lobby.  “I think he actually just left the Lab for once.”
“One second,” I said as my call went to voicemail.  “Doctor Fetzer?  Hi, Doctor Albrecht says he needs you in the Lab for some kind of emergency.”
“Are you calling her cell phone?” asked Miwa.  “I think Doctor Fetzer left her cell phone and stuff in her office.  She didn’t have anything with her when I sent her home.”
“Well that’s great,” I said, lowering my cell phone.  “Then I guess I should call back Doctor Albrecht.”
“Just call her home phone,” said Jason.
“Do you know her home phone number?” I asked sarcastically.
“It’s probably on her cell phone,” said Jason.  “Just go through her contacts.”
“And how is she gonna get back here?” said Miwa.  “Doctor Fetzer is completely plastered.”
“I don’t know,” I said.  “But it sounded like Doctor Albrecht really needed her for something.”
“Oh my god,” sighed Miwa, too tired to deal with the nonsense.  “Here, I’ll go find Doctor Fetzer’s cell phone and call her at home.  And then we can go home.”
“Thanks, Miwa,” I said as she ran down to the Lab.  “You’re the best.  But I should probably still call Doctor Albrecht and let him know that Doctor Fetzer’s passed out somewhere.”
“Proffy, what should I do?” asked Rajaroni, popping up behind me.
“Jeez!” I gasped.  “Raj, just get the hell out of here please.  I seriously don’t need you right now.”
“Okey dokey, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, heading for the exit.  “See you after your vacation.  And don’t worry, Proffy.  I’ll keep your office warm for you while you’re gone.”
“Hey, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam with a little sadness.  “I hate to do this to you, because I really had a great time hanging out with you today, but my driver says playtime is over and that I have to go home now.  Maybe we can hang out again some time?  I’ll be back tomorrow with that check from daddy.  Maybe we can do something cool together?  Have another big boy playdate?”
“Uh, yeah, sure, Mister Grey,” I said, shaking his hand to get rid of the big child.  “It was great to meet you, and stuff, you know?  Just find me tomorrow somewhere in the building so I can grab that check from you.”
“Raaawr!” roared Liam in the middle of the lobby before making his exit.  “No, I still need a little work on my mommy T-Rex.”
“Seriously, it’s like almost ten o’clock and I have to deal with this crap?” I asked myself before calling Doctor Albrecht.  “Hello?  Doctor Albrecht?  Hi, yeah, it turns out Doctor Fetzer is actually drunk right now—”
“Sanjay,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “The small lab you found me hiding in next to my office?  I need you to finish setting up the operating room for me right now.  I need today’s HDNA virus ready to be injected into a human subject, and I need blood set up in the room in case we need a transfusion.”
“Uh, Doctor—?”
“And I need you to make sure the garage door on the east side is open,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “I need you to do this now!  I’ll be there in two minutes.”
“Doctor Albrecht?” I said after he hung up.  “What the hell is going on?”
“I gotta say,” said Jason.  “This seems way more exciting than what I do all day.”
“That’s because you’re a psychologist,” I said.  “And where the hell is Miwa?”
“Doctor Fetzer,” said Miwa, leaving a voice message as she came out the little tunnel at the top of the stairs to the Lab.  “Doctor Albrecht appears to be having some kind of emergency and needs you back in the Lab as soon as possible.  When you get this message, can you please give me a call back?  Thanks, Doctor.”
“No good?” I asked.
“She’s probably passed out on her front lawn,” said Miwa.  “So now what?”
“Miwa, I think we’re testing HDNARV on a human subject tonight.”
“What?” said Miwa confused.
“I think Doctor Albrecht may have a daughter,” I said.  “And I think he plans on injecting her with the virus.”
“Uh?”
“And I think we may be performing a heart transplant,” I said.  “Doctor Albrecht needs us to set up the operating room.”

19
Cybernetic Frankenstein

“What exactly are we waiting for?” asked Jason, standing by the open garage in the east hallway after we finished setting up the operating room.
“I believe the human test subject,” I said, focusing my eyes on the top of the ramp for any activity.  “Doctor Albrecht should be coming down that ramp any moment.”
“And what exactly does he plan on doing?” asked Miwa.  “We can’t just permanently hook up a human to an artificial blood supply and leave her in the Lab.”
“I’m not sure,” I said.  “I think somehow we’re using the virus to perform a heart transplant.”
“I just wanna put it out there,” said Jason.  “I’m not actually a real doctor.”
“Yeah, we know,” I said.  “I am a real doctor.  Miwa is a real doctor.  You are not a real doctor.  You are a psychologist.”
Screech!
“There’s the car,” I said as a van spun around at the top of the ramp.
Vroom!
“Have you ever actually performed heart surgery before?” asked Jason as the van sped in reverse towards the loading dock.
“How hard can it be?” I said, starting to feel queasy.  “There’s an atrium and a ventricle?”
“There’s actually two atriums and two ventricles,” said Miwa.  “And you need to crack open the rib cage to access the heart cavity.”
“Hurgh!” I vomited at the thought of heart surgery as the van backed up to the loading dock.  “That’s why I don’t work in the Animal Testing Lab.  I’m fine with blood.  But once you open up the subject?”
Screech!
“Blood pressure down to seventy-five over fifty!” said Doctor Serj, swinging open the back doors of the van.
“Hurgh!” I vomited again at the sight of a young child strapped to a stretcher with an oxygen mask over her mouth and nose.
“Hurry, Doctor!” said Doctor Albrecht, leaving the engine running and door open as he hopped out of the driver seat.  “We’re running out of time!”
“I wasn’t ready for this, Frederick,” said Doctor Serj, trying to maintain his composure.  “I haven’t even seen the operating room.  And where the hell is Doctor Rubato?”
“Doctor Rubato is coming,” said Doctor Albrecht, running around to the back of the van.  “But right now only the virus is important.”
“Help me with the stretcher,” said Doctor Serj, pulling the young girl out of the van with the help of two assistants from the University Hospital.  “Keep the oxygen mask on her.  Unplug the rest of that equipment.  We’ll hook her back up to the monitors in the operating room.”
“Down the hall,” said Doctor Albrecht, leading the way to the prepared operating room.  “We need to get the virus into her now!”
“I’ll get the virus ready,” said Miwa, racing down the hallway.
“I’m right behind you,” I said, following Miwa.  “The vials are in the small cooler on the counter.  I didn’t know how many we needed, so I just grabbed all of them.”
“Get me a syringe,” said Miwa as we entered the operating room.  “Actually, get me a couple syringes.”
“Oh, Miwa,” I said, retrieving the syringes.  “Did you by chance leave that giant mess in the fridge?  Because somebody left everything open, and the vials were all over the place.”
“I don’t know,” said Miwa, grabbing the syringes.  “But these are for the human genome?”
“HDNARV,” I said, checking the vials one more time.  “Today’s version of the human virus.”
“Onto the operating table,” said Doctor Serj as they wheeled the young girl into the operating room.  “Hurry with your virus while I get the IV and catheter into her.”
“I’m ready, Doctor,” said Miwa, preparing to inject Sabrina with HDNARV.
“Is that gonna make it through the blood-brain barrier?” asked Doctor Kohr, one of the assistants from the University Hospital.
“It’s neurotropic,” said Miwa, injecting the syringe into the young girl’s neck.  “Sanjay, get me another syringe ready.  I’m gonna spread out a couple injections since we don’t know the dispersion rate in humans.”
“Doctor, we’re losing her,” said Doctor Cordis, monitoring the patient’s vital signs.  “Blood pressure falling fast.  And blood-oxygen level dangerously low.”
“Sabrina,” sobbed Misses Albrecht, trying to comfort her dying daughter without getting in the way.  “Your mommy’s right here with you, baby.”
“Keep your head straight,” said Doctor Kohr as Sabrina slowly turned her head to find her mother.  “You’re gonna be okay, Sabrina.  It’s just gonna be like a little nap.  And then when you wake up, everything’s gonna be just fine.  You won’t feel a thing.”
“I love you, baby,” sobbed Misses Albrecht.
“I’m preparing the oxygen,” said Doctor Kohr, removing the oxygen mask to instead insert a tube down Sabrina’s throat and into her lungs.
“Ready with the anesthesia,” said Doctor Cordis.
“I need the operating room cleared,” said Doctor Serj, directing all the useless people out into the hallway.  “Stay outside the doorway in case Albrecht needs you about the virus.”
“Doctor Rubato powering on for science,” said Doctor Rubato in his robot voice as he came down the hallway.  “Beep-boop-beep-beep-boop!”
“What the hell is that?” said Doctor Serj, cleansing the surgical site on his anesthetized patient.
“Did somebody call Doctor Rubato?” smiled Doctor Rubato, popping his head into the operating room.  “Biological quantum computer at your service.  And I believe congratulations are in order.  Cy-Buzz 2.0 completely dominated the competition at the qualifiers, earning Team Robo Nerd a number one seed for the Robo-War Championship Tournament.”
“Do you have the heart?” asked Doctor Serj before grabbing a scalpel to begin the surgery.
“So no congratulations?”
“Where is the damn heart!”
“Calculations pinpointing on a Biotech Heart System Model 500 stashed nearby,” said Doctor Rubato, opening a cabinet.  “Beep-beep-boop.  Target successfully discovered.  Run identification.  Biotech Heart System Model 500?  Verified!”
“Hey!” yelled Doctor Serj.  “Stop fooling around!”
“Oh crap!” gasped Doctor Rubato, finally noticing the dying girl on the operating table.  “Who’s that?”
“The patient,” said Doctor Serj.  “We’re performing a heart transplant.  Did you not get the memo?”
“No, I got the memo,” said Doctor Rubato, turning serious.  “But the memo didn’t say anything about a human.”
“I spoke to you last week,” said Doctor Serj.  “We’re performing a heart transplant on a nine year old female.”
“I understood that part,” said Doctor Rubato.  “But I thought she was already dead.”
“Why the hell would I be performing a heart transplant on a dead girl?”
“To create a cybernetic Frankenstein?” said Doctor Rubato.  “Combine my biotech heart system with that guy’s brain virus to bring the girl back to life?”
“Do you know how to transplant that heart or not?” asked Doctor Serj.
“Retrieving installation instructions from cerebrum,” said Doctor Rubato, lapsing back into his robot voice.  “Step one—”
“Not yet,” said Doctor Serj.  “I need to remove her old heart first.”
“Running diagnostics,” said Doctor Rubato, letting his brain analyze the situation.  “Begin installation procedure.  Step one, cleanse surgical site with antiseptic solution.  Step two, make incision down center of chest from neck to navel.  Step three, divide sternum in half.  Step four, open ribcage to expose chest cavity.  Step five, cut through pericardium membrane to access heart and vessels.  Step six, hook up cardiopulmonary bypass machine to pump oxygenated blood while heart removed.  Step seven, surgically remove diseased heart except for part of left atrium.  Step eight, perform Orthotopic procedure and sew biotech heart system into place.  Step nine, remove cardiopulmonary bypass machine and divert blood circulation into biotech heart system.  Step ten, start biotech heart system with electric shock.  Step eleven, monitor and analyze success of heart transplant.  Step twelve, rejoin sternum and sew patient back together.  Step thirteen, drain blood and fluid around heart to allow healing.”
“Doctor,” said Doctor Serj, looking up annoyed.  “Are you performing the surgery, or am I performing the surgery?”
“Uh?” hummed Doctor Rubato, trying to figure out the answer.
“I’m performing the surgery,” said Doctor Serj before jabbing his scalpel into the Sabrina’s flesh to cut her chest open from the middle of her neck down to her belly button.
“Hurgh!” vomited Doctor Rubato.
“Get him out of here,” said Doctor Serj while slicing open Sabrina.  “Let him back in when we’re ready for the transplant.”
“Blood pressure falling rapidly,” said Doctor Cordis, monitoring the patient’s vital signs.
“Please work,” whispered Doctor Albrecht, watching the surgery in horror with his wife.
“All heart functioning has ceased,” said Doctor Cordis.  “Are we still continuing the operation, Doctor?”
“Don’t stop!” cried Doctor Albrecht.  “Get the new heart in her!  You still have time before the damage is irreversible!”
“Watch out!” gasped Doctor Kohr.  “The patient’s moving!”
“Strap her down!” ordered Doctor Serj, restraining the sliced open girl as she slowly moved her head and arms.  “What are you doing with the anesthesia, Doctor!”
“She doesn’t have a heartbeat,” said Doctor Cordis as Sabrina chewed on the oxygen tube.  “She should be dead.”
“We need to get the bypass machine hooked up,” said Doctor Kohr while Sabrina remained conscious during the surgery.  “I can’t imagine what’s going on in her mind right now.  The pain she must feel.”
“Hold her down,” said Doctor Serj, grabbing an oscillating saw.  “I’m dividing the sternum.”
“She needs blood,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Take out the oxygen and give her the blood.”
“What?” said Doctor Kohr.  “You can’t just pour blood down her throat.”
“Miwa!” shouted Doctor Albrecht.  “She needs blood!”
Bzzzzz!
“Oh my god,” gasped Miwa, peeking into the operating room just as Doctor Serj pounded his oscillating saw into Sabrina’s sternum.
“Miwa!” yelled Doctor Albrecht.  “You need to hook up the blood now!  Before she suffers any brain damage!  We don’t know how long the virus delays death in humans.”
“Okay,” said Miwa, taking deep breaths to keep herself calm as she prepared the blood supply.  “Just don’t look at the completely sawed open little girl.  Or all the blood and bones.  Or her exposed internal organs.  Just remember, this is not a horror movie.  Just a routine surgery.  We’re not torturing the little girl.  We’re saving the little girl.  Saving her by ripping her open.”
“There’s donor blood from the Hospital,” said Doctor Kohr, calmly pointing to a supply of human blood.
“Give me some room,” said Doctor Serj, preparing his next tool to pull Sabrina’s ribcage apart while she remained conscious.
“I’m ready,” whispered Miwa with a tube of blood in her hand.
“Just give him a second,” said Doctor Kohr while Doctor Serj finished with his torture device.  “And what are we doing with the tube of blood?”
“Just in her mouth,” said Miwa, trying not to faint.  “The blood gets absorbed through the permeable tissue in her mouth to reach her brain.”
“Okay?” said Doctor Kohr, pulling out the oxygen tube.  “Do what you have to do with the blood.”
“Can somebody keep the damn patient from moving?” said Doctor Serj, preparing to cut open the membrane surrounding Sabrina’s heart.  “I would like to get a new heart into her today!”
“Pre-installation complete?” asked Doctor Rubato, moseying along into the operating room.  “Ready for Biotech Heart System Model 500 installation guidance?”
“Will you get the hell out of here!” yelled Doctor Serj though his blood covered surgical mask.
“Doctor Rubato powering down to standby mode,” said Doctor Rubato, spinning around to wait in the hallway.
“Somebody needs to hold her down!” ordered Doctor Serj as Sabrina tried lifting her head to reach the tube of blood.  “Just keep her down until we hook up the bypass machine!  I can’t operate when the patient is moving!”
“The blood supply is inserted,” said Miwa, sticking the tube into Sabrina’s mouth so the blood could be absorbed by her gastrovascular cavity.
“Doctor, prepare the bypass machine,” said Doctor Serj, taking a deep breath after completely exposing Sabrina’s heart and internal organs.  “I don’t know what the hell we’re doing here, but this surely can’t be ethical.”

20
Boogie Gusher Snacks

“Beep-boop-boop-beep,” beeped Doctor Rubato, preparing the artificial heart for transplant after Doctor Serj removed Sabrina’s original heart.
“Make that sound one more time,” warned Doctor Serj, “and I will literally stab you in the chest with my scalpel, rip out your beating heart, and stick your fresh heart into that little girl.”
“Sorry, Doctor,” said Doctor Rubato, “but reconfigurement of my neural processing center cannot be achieved without catastrophic diminishment to total computing capabilities.”
“Do you have the heart ready or not?”
“Biotech Heart System Model 500, size medium, being acquired,” said Doctor Rubato, pulling the heart out of a small cooler.  “Retrieving installation data file.  Boop-beep-beep—”
“What’d I just say?” warned Doctor Serj, pointing his scalpel at Doctor Rubato.
“Boop?” said Doctor Rubato, completing the input codes to his brain.  “Data file for bicaval transplant technique retrieved successfully.  Perform anastomoses in following order: left atrium, pulmonary artery, aorta, inferior vena cava, superior vena cava—”
“I know how to perform heart surgery, you moron!” yelled Doctor Serj, standing over the heartless patient.  “Just tell me which damn way is up on whatever the hell that thing is you call a heart!  Which tubes do I put where?”
“Reorienting Biotech Heart System Model 500,” said Doctor Rubato, flipping over the artificial heart for inspection.  “Running diagnostics.  Uh, I believe this tube thingy goes into the left atrium?”
“Thank you,” said Doctor Serj, grabbing the artificial heart to continue the transplant operation.
“I need to sit down,” I said, turning away from operating room door to find a place to breathe.
“I think Jason’s already in the lounge,” said Miwa, following me down the hallway.  “I really didn’t expect to end my day watching heart surgery.”
“No?” I asked sarcastically.  “Were you expecting to spend your night with professor booger eater?”
“Seriously, Sanjay?” sighed Miwa, walking down the center hallway towards the lounge.  “It’s like two in the morning.  Do you ever stop?”
“Sanjay never stops,” I said, approaching her boyfriend who was taking a nap on one of the couches in the lounge.  “Not until you ditch your psycho boyfriend.”
“Will you just leave him alone please?” said Miwa.  “My love life is my own business.”
“Hey, whatever you say, Miwa,” I said.  “If you wanna marry a dumb psychologist, then you go right ahead and marry your dumb psychologist.  Just don’t come crying to me when your children still can’t read by their second birthday.  You’re gonna be living in a whole household of idiots.”
“I’m going for a walk,” said Miwa, storming down the hallway to get away from me.
“One of these days, Miwa,” I said, taking a seat in the lounge near Jason.  “Hey, booger eater.  I know I said I had your back—”
“You better watch your back,” said Jason, opening one eye to stare me down.
“Whoa!” I gasped.  “I thought you were sleeping?”
“Jason sleeps with one eye open,” warned Jason.  “That way Jason can hear everything Sanjay says.  So you better keep your distance from Miwa, or else you might wanna start sleeping with one eye open too, because you never know when the psycho boyfriend will finally go off the rails with a murderous killing spree.”
“Miwa!” I cried.
“I’m just kidding,” laughed Jason.  “You should’ve seen your face, Sanjay.  Psycho boyfriend?  You know I hear everything you say?  I’m not as dumb as you think I am.”
“I just wanna put it out there,” I said bluntly.  “I don’t like you.”
“That’s okay, Sanjay,” said Jason.  “Because there’s only one thing that matters in this world.  Your sweet Miwa Ling?  She not only likes me . . . she loves me.”
“She does not,” I protested.  “She can never love a booger eater!”
“And yes,” smiled Jason, “Miwa is busy tomorrow night.  You see, she kind of already has dinner plans with the love of her life.”
“Really?” I said surprised.  “Where am I taking her?”
“I wanna show you something,” said Jason, pulling a little box out of his pocket.  “Guess what I have in this little box?”
“Your boogie gusher snacks?”
“A ring,” said Jason, trying to hold in his laughter from my immaturity.  “A diamond ring.  Or more specifically, an engagement ring.”
“Yeah, okay,” I said, trying to play it cool as my anxiety levels skyrocketed.  “A diamond ring on a psychology professor’s salary?”
“I make the same amount as you,” laughed Jason, opening the box.  “Tomorrow night, Sanjay.  I’m taking your precious Miwa Ling out to that fancy discount restaurant between the manure plant and that small goat cheese factory.  Heck, maybe I’ll even splurge on some fancy wine.  Something made with real grapes this time.  And I’ll slip the waiter five bucks under the table to help set the romantic mood in the restaurant.  Maybe dim the lights and turn up the music.  Just to get your sweet Miwa Ling in the mood.  And then after we share our little dessert together.  With one spoon of course.  Bam!”
“Never!” I cried.  “She’ll never marry you!  A psychologist?  Ha!  Her mother will never allow it!”
“We’ll see, Sanjay,” laughed Jason.  “We’ve been together for six months now.  And look, I’m even going to her science events.  There’s nothing left to do now besides making it official and tying the knot.”
“Miwa,” I sobbed.  “Why don’t you love me?”
“Sanjay, are you crying?” asked Miwa, coming around the corner.  “And what are you two idiots screaming about now?”
“Miwa, professor booger eater thinks you’re gonna—”
“Shh,” hushed Jason.  “Say one word, Sanjay, and you better start sleeping with one eye open.”
“Jason, did you actually make him cry?” laughed Miwa.
“I think he stubbed his toe,” said Jason.  “He was frolicking around like a little jolly boy.  And then bam!  Right into the vending machine!”
“Seriously?” laughed Miwa.  “That’s the third time this week.”
“So how was your walk?” asked Jason.
“I was finally able to reach Doctor Fetzer,” said Miwa.  “But I don’t think she’s doing any better than when I sent her home.  It was tough to understand anything she was saying, but I think she thought I was Doctor Grey.  Something about leaving the gate open so she didn’t have to climb through the bushes.”
“Forget Doctor Fetzer,” I sobbed.  “My life is over.”
“Your life is over?” said Miwa.  “What the hell is wrong with you?  You’re not the one undergoing a heart transplant.”
“No,” I sobbed.  “But I’m gonna need one.  Because somebody broke my heart.”
“Oh get over yourself,” said Miwa.
“Pay no attention to me,” I said, walking across the lounge to sit alone.  “Nothing to see here but a young fool mourning his broken heart.  Preparing himself to die lonely.”

21
Bed Chamber Emergency

‘Hello, Mister Doctor,’ I said in my dream while sleeping in the lounge.  ‘I know my entire presentation went way over your head, but go ahead.  Shoot away with your dumb questions.  I’ll try to answer your stupidity to the best of my ability.  Security measures?  What could be more secure than a passcode protected refrigeration system accessible only by authorized personnel?’
“Does he always mumble in his sleep?” asked Jason.
“There’s a lot that’s wrong with Sanjay,” said Miwa.
“Don’t mind him,” said Doctor Albrecht, recovering in the lounge after watching his daughter’s heart transplant operation.  “Doctor Reddy has been under a lot of stress lately, getting a human virus ready for me in time.”
‘Oh, hello,’ I said in my dream.  ‘Good to see you again, Mister Doctor.  Really, you were talking to Doctor Albrecht?  Well it’s funny he doesn’t recall talking to you.  Maybe you’re a liar, Mister Doctor?  Liar, liar, pants on fire?’
“Now he’s laughing in his sleep?” asked Jason.
“Honestly?” said Miwa.  “I’m pretty sure he’s on some kind of drugs.”
“Again, I’m sorry I put you all through this,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “This wasn’t supposed to happen today.  It was intended to be a planned operation, performed before heart failure.”
“I don’t understand,” said Jason.  “How do you plan for this kind of tragedy?”
“This isn’t the first time I’ve gone through this,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “My son suffered from something very similar almost twenty years ago.  He was healthy his whole life, until one day his heart just malfunctioned.  We sought treatment for him, but the doctors couldn’t determine the cause of his heart problem.  Within the year, he suffered catastrophic heart failure.  And by time the doctors were able to transplant a new heart, he had already suffered permanent brain damage.”
“The same defect as your daughter?” asked Miwa.
“We just don’t know,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “It’s genetic, but again, the doctors just don’t know what the problem is with her heart.  We’ve kept Sabrina home for the past year with a nurse to monitor her, just praying that her heart wouldn’t fail before I had the virus ready.  Without knowing the actual defect, and after having my son die during heart surgery, I knew Sabrina’s only hope for survival would be HDNARV.”
‘I must find the virus,’ I said in my dream.  ‘Doctor Albrecht needs the virus.  Well isn’t this odd?  Who left the door to the refrigerated storage room open?  And why is it so damn warm in the fridge?  We can’t keep the fridge this warm.  All of our samples can get damaged.  And why are all of these compartments open?  And who made a giant mess with today’s version of HDNARV?  Wait!  Somebody’s been going through our samples!  We have a security breach!  I have to tell someone!  I have to wake up!’
“Now he’s getting sweaty,” said Jason, watching me sleep.
“Miwa,” I mumbled, slowly drifting back to consciousness.  “Miwa?  Ah, Miwa.  Hello, my sweet Miwa.”
“Sanjay, do you mind?” said Miwa.
“Huh?” I said, waking up.  “Where am I?”
“You’re having fantasies about me in the middle of the lounge again.”
“Was I talking in my sleep again?” I asked.
“But, Doctor,” said Miwa, continuing the conversation I rudely interrupted, “you began your work on HDNARV nearly thirty years ago.”
“I didn’t always wish to be a biomedical scientist,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Once upon a time, I used to be a little German boy.  From dawn until dusk, you could find me frolicking around the countryside in my lederhosen and wooden clogs.”
“Who dressed you?” asked Jason.  “Maria von Trapp?”
“You grew up in Germany?” asked Miwa.
“Now you’re getting off topic,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “But back to the point.  I grew up during a very exciting time for a young boy.  The great age of the space race!  And boy was I fascinated by space rockets.  Actually, I was fascinated by anything long and pointy.  Especially if it could blast off!  I even thought maybe one day I could be an astronaut.  But all that changed one day during my boyish years.”
“I didn’t know you were German,” I said, starting to listen to the story.
“Obviously he’s German,” said Miwa.  “Just look at his last name and beard.”
“It was a somber autumn day,” continued Doctor Albrecht.  “While the amber leaves rustled softly in the chilly after school breeze, I rocked calmly back and forth on the playground swing set, just slowly enough to draw out the piercing shriek of striking metal as though it were the voice of ten thousand howling ghosts.  And while I sat there waiting in the wind for my mother, the other children huddled closely together and stared at the lonely boy, whispering amongst themselves as if that little boy were cursed.  But that boy was not cursed.  Rather, it was just an ordinary school day for little Freddy.  Or so it seemed.  Mother was often late picking me up from school, but never as late as she was that chilly autumn day.  I waited all evening, until finally the sun had set, and then I decided to walk the three blocks home, preparing for the worst.  And when I finally arrived home five minutes later, I was greeted with the saddest moment of my entire life.  I entered through the unlocked front door, and standing right in the middle of the living room was my older brother.  Immediately, I was overwhelmed with joy, for I hadn’t seen my brother in several months.  But I was also deeply saddened, for the return of my brother caused my mother to completely forget about little Freddy who was waiting all alone on the swing set at school.”
“But it all worked out in the end?” asked Jason.
“My brother died the next day,” said Doctor Albrecht bluntly.
“Oh,” said Miwa, taken aback.  “What happened?”
“We didn’t know,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “It was something with my brother’s heart.  It just failed suddenly without any warning.  And like that, my big brother was dead.”
“I’m sorry,” said Miwa.
“From that day forward,” said Doctor Albrecht, “I vowed never again to fantasize about rockets.  Nor would I ever set foot in outer space.  Instead, I would devote my life to solving whatever happened to my brother’s heart so that no other frolicking little boys would lose their big brother as I had.”
“The same defect as your children?” asked Miwa.  “But why HDNARV?  How would heart failure inspire a virus?”
“It seemed like the most promising solution,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Without knowing the cause, how can you cure a heart defect?  I mean, sure, you could theoretically genetically engineer a human germ cell to carry desired genes.  Assuming it’s a planned pregnancy.  But how do you correct the one problem in a genome when you don’t know what you’re looking for?  And you can’t just splice an entire genome in multiple locations to override the defects with non-defective genes.  There’s just too much genetic information coding our essential organs, and we still don’t fully understand the function of each gene.”
“Can’t you just do your testing stuff?” asked Jason.  “Like Miwa does on her helpless little animals?”
“We’re working with retroviruses,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “We insert genetic material into a host organism’s genome.  We don’t replace existing genes.  So once an organism is fully developed, our capabilities with a retrovirus are essentially limited to turning on or off existing genes, or introducing new functions into the organism.  But we can’t outright remove any defects in the original genome.  Even if we wanted to cure a heart defect, we’d have to know what the cause of the defect is first.  And then we’d have to introduce genes that would work in tandem with the existing genome to prevent heart failure.  But again, this would require extensive integration of genetic material, and then we’d risk new genes interfering with the heart and circulatory system.”
“Isn’t that exactly what you people do down here?” asked Jason.
“Not even close,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “The amount of genetic material we integrate using HDNARV is miniscule compared to what would be needed to support the entire circulatory system.  And the HDNA provirus isn’t even expressed in an infected carrier until their brain cells are at risk of dying.”
“So you’re saying that keeping someone alive without a beating heart is easier than keeping the heart beating?”
“Absolutely,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “The HDNA provirus merely regulates permeability, allowing us to save the brain even after heart failure.  I’ve spent thirty years of my life creating a genetic sequence that can be easily integrated into the human genome, allowing us to survive for hours without a functioning heart.  And with our growing understanding of the heart, plus the greater availability of replacement organs, like the artificial organ systems being developed right in this Lab, we are at the edge of a biomedical revolution.  As long as we can keep the brain alive, we can prevent death caused by failure of any other organ.  HDNARV gives us days to determine the cause of organ failure and to provide lifesaving treatment.”
“Hello?” said Doctor Fetzer.  “Miwa, I got your message.  And now I’m here, at seven in the morning, with a massive hangover, and I have no idea what day of the week it is, or what exactly I did last night.”
“Doctor Fetzer?” said Miwa.  “Doctor Fetzer, we’re over here in the lounge.”
“Miwa?” said Doctor Fetzer, turning the corner with dark sunglasses and a strong cup of coffee.  “Miwa, I tried calling you, but I just couldn’t get my fingers to push the right buttons.  I figured I’d have better luck at the wheel so I sped over as fast as possible.”
“You drove here?” gasped Miwa.
“Not straight here,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “Boy, was last night weird or what?  First I get a call from William Grey, telling me he’s having some kind of bed chamber emergency, and that he needs me to come over right away to help him out, wink-wink.  And then I hear your message about an emergency in the Lab.  Two emergencies in one night?  I couldn’t decide where to go first.”
“Well you’re here now,” said Miwa.  “And that’s all that matters.”
“But turns out, William didn’t call me,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “I raced over to his mansion, and blasted straight through the front gate, instead of creeping through his bushes like I usually do.  But then his gate guard chases me back to my car with a taser.  Boy was my head spinning like crazy.  Honestly, I shouldn’t have even been driving.  But you know what they say.  When William Grey calls, girls go crazy.”
“Sorry, Doctor Fetzer,” said Miwa.  “The call was from me trying to tell you that Doctor Albrecht needed you for an emergency.  But they actually just finished the surgery.”
“Surgery for what?” asked Doctor Fetzer.
“Heart transplant,” said Miwa, pointing to Doctor Albrecht.
“Doctor Albrecht?” said Doctor Fetzer, slowly realizing the emergency.  “Oh!  Sabrina!  Where is she?  What happened?  Is she okay?”
“Sabrina is fine,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “The heart transplant went successfully, and the doctors just started reducing the anesthesia.”
“Claire?”
“Claire’s right outside the operating room,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “I needed to sit down for a minute, but I think I should be getting back to the operating room to be there when Sabrina wakes up.”
“Did you use the virus?” asked Doctor Fetzer, following Doctor Albrecht back to the operating room.
“It worked,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “She survived for a couple minutes without a functioning heart before we inserted the blood supply, and then nearly an hour before they had her hooked up to the bypass machine.”
“No brain damage?” asked Doctor Fetzer.
“She was completely conscious the entire time until they could resume anesthesia.”
“And how is she doing now?”
“The artificial heart is functioning perfectly,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “They monitored her for a while, and then closed everything back up.  Everything appears normal, and now we’re just waiting for the doctors to wake her up.”
“And the virus didn’t cause any harm?” asked Doctor Fetzer.  “There’s no permanent damage?”
“It worked exactly as intended,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “Her circulatory and lymphatic systems should be returning everything to normal inside her body.  After a little recovery, she’ll be running around healthy with her new heart.”
“So it works,” smiled Doctor Fetzer.  “HDNARV works.  On humans.  We can save a human brain during heart failure.”
“We’re in a new age now,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “HDNARV is about to change our world forever.”

22
Poopy Virus Funds

“So much for my vacation . . . and my love,” I sighed, sitting in my office close to nine o’clock in the morning.  “Is it too late for the poison?  Maybe I can still get rid of professor booger eater.  Just a couple drops.  But how do I get him to drink the poison?  I still don’t know where he keeps his booger snacks.  Oh it’s useless.  I may as well just drink the poison myself.  Just like Romeo and Juliet.  No, but Miwa doesn’t even love me, so drinking poison isn’t gonna solve anything.  Well, I guess we’re right back to square one.  I’m gonna be miserable for the rest of my life.  Die all alone.  Oh, Miwa.”
“Kshhh!” came static from my desk drawer.  “Proffy, you there?”
“What do you want, Raj?” I sighed, answering my walkie-talkie.
“How’s your vacation going, Proffy?”
“My vacation’s going just great, Raj.”
“Awesome!” said Rajaroni.  “Now not to put a damper on whatever it is you’re doing—”
“I’m sitting on a chair.”
“Beach chair?” asked Rajaroni.  “Getting some sunshine at the seashore?  Wiggling your little toes through the warm fine-grained sand?”
“I’m sitting at my desk,” I said.  “In my office.”
“Perfect!” said Rajaroni.  “Because remember what you said yesterday?”
“What, Raj?”
“You told me to remind you about that letteroni you’re gonna write for me,” said Rajaroni.  “Remember, I need it by the end of the week to get into the master’s program.”
“Your letter of recommendation?” I sighed.  “Sorry, Raj.  Not happening.”
“Proffy,” whined Rajaroni.  “Come on, Proffy.  Just one short little page about all the good things I’ve done for you these past four weeks.”
“Okay, how does this sound?” I asked, making up my recommendation.  “Rajaroni has been my internaroni for the past four weeks—”
“Sounding good so far,” said Rajaroni.  “Now talk about my skills and accomplishments.”
“Sure, Raj,” I continued.  “Rajaroni possesses a wide array of skills that make him an ideal candidate for the master’s degree program.  In fact, Rajaroni even has a photogenic memory.  Unfortunately, Rajaroni is also dyslexic and cannot remember a single photo stored inside his brain.  Even more bizarre, Rajaroni cannot tell the difference between a slimy frog and the back end of a hairy rat—”
“Proffy, I think we’re getting a little bit off topic,” said Rajaroni.  “Maybe talk a little more about the rataroni people.”
“The rataroni people?” I continued.  “How could I forget about the rataroni people?  How does this sound, Raj?  Rather than assisting Doctor Reddy, his supervising professor, with important biomedical research in the lab, Rajaroni took the initiative—”
“That’s a good word,” said Rajaroni.  “Use more words like initiative.”
“Rajaroni took the initiative,” I continued, “to divert lab resources to his rataroni genus project.  Rather than solving the great biomedical challenges of our time, Rajaroni has devoted his work in the lab to creating a super-race of intelligent rat people to compete with humanity as the superior species of our planet.  And then to fully seal our fate, Rajaroni released an entire batch of rataroni people in the lab so they could run loose, infest our walls, and reproduce in our ventilation system to grow an entire army of intelligent rats.”
“Proffy, I think you might’ve got this a little backwards,” said Rajaroni.  “You’re making all good points, but you’re supposed to be my advocate.  Maybe put a little spin on what you have so far to shine me in a better light.  Kind of like what your girlfriend did for me.”
“Girlfriend?” I said.  “You mean Miwa?  The love of my life who’s about to marry a booger eater?  The booger eater you were supposed to get rid of for me?”
“Proffy, I’m sensing a bit of hostility between us.”
“How’s this for a conclusion?” I asked.  “Despite Rajaroni’s flaws, one failure far exceeds all of his shortcomings.  And that failure is in the category of love.  Not only has Rajaroni failed his duty as an intern for one of the greatest biomedical scientists of our time, but he has also failed his duty as a friend for a poor soul suffering a broken heart.  If only Rajaroni somehow got rid of professor booger eater, maybe Sanjay could’ve lived happily ever after with the love of his life.”
“Proffy,” said Rajaroni bluntly.  “If it’ll get me a good letter, I’ll kill the bastard.”
“Too late now,” I sighed.  “My sweet Miwa will soon be marrying my mortal enemy.”
“Maybe I can make it up to you,” said Rajaroni, coming down the hallway.  “I found something in the lobby that might cheer you up.”
“Is it a love potion?” I asked.
“Love potion?” asked Rajaroni.  “Hey, are you a love potion?  No?  Sorry, Proffy.  He’s not a love potion.”
“Then tell him to go away,” I sighed.
“Too late!” smiled Rajaroni, popping his head into my office.  “Guess what your gift is, Proffy.”
“A hitman to put me out of my misery?”
“Wrong,” said Rajaroni, pulling a giant into my office.  “It’s money!”
“Hey!” smiled Liam.  “Doctor Sanjay!”
“Mister Grey?” I said, looking up from my desk.  “You’re still wearing your spacesuit?”
“I’m never taking this thing off!” laughed Liam.  “I think it makes me look smarter!”
“What can I help you with, Mister Grey?”
“Well, I’m not quite ready to endorse your park,” said Liam, pulling slips of paper out of his pocket.  “But daddy has decided to at least continue your funding.”
“You have a check for me, Mister Grey?”
“I have a couple checks,” said Liam, passing me the first check.  “Here are your poopy virus funds.  Ten million dollars to continue whatever it is you do with your poop viruses.”
“Thank you, Mister Grey,” I said, taking the check.  “And what are the other checks for?”
“Um?” said Liam, trying to read the other checks.  “Oh yeah!  This one is for ten thousand dollars to pay for the damage we did to your lab.  Our whole pulling the cabinet out of the wall thing.  And then this check is for two dollars and fifty cents for my trail mix.”
“Thank you, Mister Grey,” I said, taking the other two checks.
“Hmm?” said Liam, trying to figure out what to do with his last check.  “Doctor Sanjay, can you help me out here?  I’ve got one more check for five million dollars.”
“Is that for Doctor Wacky?” I asked.  “To make you a T-Rex?”
“Bingo!” smiled Liam.  “You’re a smart guy, Doctor Sanjay.  Now where do I find the egghead?”
“Right boob,” I said, squeezing the air with one hand.  “Down the hall.”
“Thanks, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam before leaving my office.  “I’ll be back next month, and I expect there to be some dinosaurs.  Remember, we can’t open the park without any attractions.  Unlike your promo video, I wanna actually see dinosaurs on the safari ride.”
“Such a cool guy,” said Rajaroni.  “He even gave me a two million dollar check to complete my work on the rataroni people.”
“Speaking of your damn rats,” I said.  “Do you think maybe you can catch however many rats you still have loose?  Before they start doing each other in the walls?  Because I really don’t wanna hear that noise.”
“Nah, I gotta take a nap first, Proffy,” yawned Rajaroni, pulling a furless rat out of his pocket.
“Dude!” I gasped.  “Your rat’s naked!”
“Yeah,” said Rajaroni.  “Giuseppe had me up all night.  Probably the spaghetti and meatballs yesterday.  Somehow he got the idea that he needed to chew through all the electrical wiring in my dorm room.  There were literally sparks shooting out of every socket.  So I punched about thirty holes through my walls and ceiling, that way I could feel around for the chubby little guy.  Boy, my roommate was not very happy when the whole ceiling came down on his head.  Finally, Giuseppe crawled out from one of the little holes.  Unfortunately, by then, the electricity burned off all of his wavy brown hair.”
“How stupid is your rat?” I said.
“Stupid?” said Rajaroni.  “Proffy, it takes a pretty smart rataroni to chew through that much wiring.”
“Whatever,” I said.  “But you’re not taking a nap in my office.”
“No, I have to get up to my Microbiology 504 class,” said Rajaroni, heading for the door.  “That’s a pretty easy class to take a nap.”
“Microbiology 504?” I gasped.  “Who the hell is your faculty advisor?”
“You are,” said Rajaroni.  “You approved all of my classes.”
“When did this happen?”
“See you later, Proffy,” said Rajaroni before heading to class.  “And remember to keep that walkie-talkie with you in case you need to reach me.  Mine’s on me at all times.”
Ring!  Ring!  Ring!
“Hello?” I said, answering my office phone.  “This is Doctor Reddy—”
“Sanjay,” said Miwa.  “We’re in the operating room.  You better hurry.”

23
Pre-Teen Terminator

“Is everything alright?” I asked, opening the door to the operating room.
“Close the door,” ordered Doctor Serj to maintain some privacy.  “If anyone finds out what’s going on in here, I can lose my license.”
“It’s almost set up,” said Doctor Fetzer, preparing a brain monitor for Sabrina.  “We’re just gonna make sure her neural readings appear normal.”
“Why isn’t she saying anything?” asked Misses Albrecht.  “What’s wrong with my little girl?”
“It’s not the anesthesia,” said Doctor Cordis.  “She should be fully conscious by now.”
“Sabrina,” sobbed Misses Albrecht.  “Please, tell me you’re alright, Sabrina.”
“The patient’s blood-oxygen level is still low,” said Doctor Kohr.  “Heart rate normal.”
“Baby, don’t move,” said Misses Albrecht as Sabrina tried to lift her head off the operating table.  “Your mommy is right here with you.”
“The monitor’s on,” said Doctor Fetzer, fitting the brain monitor around Sabrina’s head.  “The reading should be showing up on the screen any moment.”
“That doesn’t seem right,” said Doctor Cordis, checking out the brain monitor results on the screen.  “How is that possible?”
“What does it say?” asked Misses Albrecht.  “Is my baby alright?”
“Do you have the monitor set up right?” asked Doctor Cordis.  “It’s barely picking up any activity in the cerebrum.  The brain stem appears normal.  But the readings are all spotty across the cerebrum.”
“What does that mean?” asked Misses Albrecht worriedly.
“She’s brain dead,” said Doctor Kohr to himself.
“No!” shrieked Misses Albrecht.
“She can’t be brain dead,” said Doctor Cordis.  “Without the restraints, the patient would be standing right up off the table.  The only problem is she can’t speak.”
“Look, she’s trying to talk,” said Doctor Albrecht as Sabrina awkwardly opened and closed her jaw.  “Just fix whatever’s blocking her oxygen before her brain suffers permanent damage.”
“Put the oxygen mask back on,” ordered Doctor Serj.
“Is her heart working?” asked Doctor Albrecht.  “Did you perform the surgery right?  What’s wrong with my daughter?  Tell me what’s going on, Doctor!”
“I don’t know what’s happening,” said Doctor Serj, going on the defensive.  “I don’t know what your damn virus did to her!  I told you this wasn’t gonna work!  I can lose my license experimenting on a human like this!  I can go to jail!”
“I don’t give a damn about your medical license!” yelled Doctor Albrecht.  “Fix whatever’s wrong with my daughter!  Now!”
“I don’t know what’s wrong with your daughter!” yelled Doctor Serj.  “Except that she should be dead!”
“She’s not getting any oxygen into her brain,” said Doctor Cordis.  “There has to be something wrong with the heart.”
“The heart’s beating just fine,” said Doctor Kohr.  “Her heart isn’t the problem.  Maybe her lungs?  Because her blood pressure reading is just about normal.  Whatever is in her blood is getting to where it needs to go.”
“Maybe check the blood pressure closer to her brain?” suggested Miwa.
“Why’s she moving!” yelled Doctor Serj as Sabrina squirmed in her restraints.  “If she’s brain dead she shouldn’t be moving!”
“She’s not brain dead!” yelled Doctor Albrecht.  “Just get the oxygen back into her brain before she dies!”
“This isn’t good,” said Doctor Kohr, inspecting Sabrina.
“What’s wrong?” sobbed Misses Albrecht.  “Is my baby gonna be okay?”
“Her skin is turning purple,” said Doctor Kohr.
“Where?” asked Doctor Serj.
“Everywhere,” said Doctor Kohr as the color of Sabrina’s skin slowly darkened to the color of blood.  “Extremities.  Chest.  Neck.  There may be internal bleeding.”
“What the hell did you do to my daughter!” cried Doctor Albrecht.  “Fix her heart!  Now!”
“It’s not the heart,” said Doctor Serj.  “I know how to perform a heart transplant.  Whatever’s causing that amount of widespread internal bleeding isn’t her heart.”
“Then what’s the problem, Doctor!”
“The problem is your damn virus!” yelled Doctor Serj.  “You’re experimenting on your own daughter!”
“I’m trying to save my daughter’s life!” cried Doctor Albrecht.  “Maybe if you knew what you were doing—!”
“I don’t know what I’m doing!” yelled Doctor Serj.  “Because you infected your own daughter with an experimental virus!”
“I think this is my cue,” said Doctor Rubato, sneaking out the door.  “If you don’t need me, I’ll be in my lab with Team Robo Nerd.  We gotta get started on repairing Cy-Buzz 2.0 before the championships next week.”
“Don’t you move!” warned Doctor Serj, stopping Doctor Rubato dead in his tracks.
“Doctor, please, do something!” cried Doctor Albrecht.
“There’s nothing I can do!” said Doctor Serj.  “Your virus is killing her!  Your daughter is brain dead!”
“She’s not brain dead!” yelled Doctor Albrecht.  “She’s moving!  Just stop the bleeding and get the oxygen back into her brain before she dies!”
“Frederick,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “I think it’s the virus.”
“Our virus doesn’t do this!” cried Doctor Albrecht.
“Her capillaries,” said Doctor Fetzer.  “And who knows what else the virus modified during that hour without a natural blood flow.  All of her vessels are still permeable, leaking blood throughout her entire body.  But there’s no blood left to supply her brain because it’s all leaking below her neck.”
“Then get the blood tube back into her mouth!” cried Doctor Albrecht.
“What about the oxygen?” asked Doctor Cordis.
“She doesn’t need the oxygen!” said Doctor Albrecht.  “She needs the blood!”
“Doctor, what exactly is your virus?” asked Doctor Serj as his assistants reinserted the blood tube into Sabrina’s mouth.
“It was only an hour,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “The openings in her vessels shouldn’t have been permanent.”
“What openings?”
“Her vessels were supposed to seal back up after the transplant,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “There isn’t supposed to be any permanent damage.”
“Blood-oxygen levels to the brain have increased,” said Doctor Kohr after supplying blood into Sabrina’s gastrovascular cavity.  “Brainstem continuing to show normal neural activity.  But still limited activity in most of the cerebrum.”
“Sabrina,” sobbed Misses Albrecht, resting her head near her daughter.  “I’m right here with you, Sabrina.”
“Doctor, the patient appears conscious and able to function,” said Doctor Kohr.  “But her neural readings suggest she’s on the brink of a vegetative state.”
“Doctor, you need to help me,” said Doctor Serj.  “I don’t know what your virus did to her.  I don’t know how to fix—”
“Just keep the blood supply in her mouth,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “We can still save her brain.  But if her blood vessels are irreversibly damaged, we’re gonna need to replace the rest of her body.”
“Doctor, I’m a heart surgeon,” said Doctor Serj.  “Not Doctor Frankenstein.”
“Then we’re gonna need the rest of your staff at the Hospital,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “And, Doctor Rubato?  We’re gonna need a complete set of your artificial organ system.”
“Beep-boop-boop,” beeped Doctor Rubato, doing a robot walk to the back end of the room to reach Doctor Albrecht.  “Doctor Rubato powering on to provide assistance.  So are we talking about lungs and kidneys . . . or an entire biomechanical body?”
“A new body,” said Doctor Albrecht.  “We need to transplant her brain.”
“Would you also like an organic skin covering?” asked Doctor Rubato.  “Or are you okay with your daughter walking around like a pre-teen Terminator?”
“Hurry!” yelled Doctor Albrecht.
“I’ll grab some skin just in case,” said Doctor Rubato, hurrying back across the room towards the door.  “Maybe she can do a fashion show and decide which look she likes best.”
“I am so gonna lose my license for this,” sighed Doctor Serj.
“Beep beep,” said Doctor Rubato, sneaking around the operating table to squeeze through the scientists blocking his way to the door.  “No, seriously, those weren’t robot noises.  I’m just trying to get to the door so I can pack—”
Whack!
“Whoopsy,” cringed Doctor Rubato, kicking the blood tube loose from Sabrina’s mouth.  “Nobody saw that, right?  Well, I’ll just be on my way now.  One Biomechanical Body System 2000 coming right up.  Being prepared for transport to the University Hospital.”
“Get the tube back in her mouth!” yelled Doctor Serj as one of his assistants reached for the tube spewing blood all over the floor.
“You’re gonna be okay, baby,” whispered Misses Albrecht with her neck right near her daughter’s mouth.
“Watch out, ma’am,” said Doctor Kohr while trying to reinsert the blood tube.
“Watch out!” gasped Doctor Serj as Sabrina grasped the hair on the back of her mother’s head and pulled the blood filled jugular vein into her mouth before biting down with her teeth.
Squish!
“Ahhh!” shrieked Misses Albrecht, collapsing to the floor with blood gushing out from her torn open neck.
“Claire!” screamed Doctor Albrecht, racing over to provide pressure to his wife’s bleeding neck.
“Watch out, Frederick,” said Doctor Fetzer, rushing over with bandages.  “Get these on her neck to stop the bleeding.”
“Restrain her arms!” ordered Doctor Serj as Sabrina reached with her arms while trying to lift her restrained head off the operating table.  “She’s having a seizure!”
“Somebody, call an ambulance!” cried Doctor Albrecht as his wife died in a puddle of her own blood.  “Or get me the virus!  Hurry!”
“I have the virus,” I said in shock, slowly walking to the counter to prepare a syringe.
“Hurgh!” vomited Miwa before leaving the operating room to escape the bloody mess.
“I can’t get her to stop moving,” grunted Doctor Cordis, using his entire body to restrain Sabrina on the operating table.  “She’s going crazy!”
“Ma’am, you need to relax,” said Doctor Kohr as Misses Albrecht grabbed her husband with both hands and pulled herself up off the floor.  “Just stay calm—”
“Ahhh!” shrieked Doctor Cordis as Sabrina chewed a chunk of flesh off of his neck.
“Steve!” gasped Doctor Serj as Doctor Cordis collapsed to the floor dead.
“Hurgh!” I vomited, dropping my syringe to the floor at the sight of the bloody horror.
“Claire, stay with me,” said Doctor Albrecht, trying to keep his undead wife alive while she squirmed in his arms.
“Frederick, watch out!” warned Doctor Fetzer as Doctor Cordis stood up with his torn open neck and tackled Doctor Albrecht to the ground.
“Ahhh!” shrieked Doctor Albrecht as the zombified doctor gnawed down on his jugular vein while his undead wife climbed on top to join in on the feast of blood.
“What the hell is happening?” I muttered while slowly escaping the operating room.
“What the hell did you create, Doctor?” said Doctor Serj, standing frozen in the back corner of the operating room.
“Ahhh!” shrieked Doctor Kohr before becoming one more zombie in the operating room.
“They’re not zombies,” I said, slightly closing the door to the operating room before backing down the hallway one slow step at a time to flee the zombie infested kill zone.
“Ahhh!” screamed Doctor Fetzer.  “Help!”
“Back away!” warned Doctor Serj.  “Whatever the hell you are, get away from me!”
“Help!” cried Doctor Fetzer.
“Ahhh!” shrieked Doctor Serj.
“Doctor Fetzer?” I muttered as the operating room door slowly creaked opened.
“Help me,” gurgled Doctor Fetzer, slowly stumbling towards the emergency glass case on the wall opposite the operating room.
“Doctor Fetzer?” said Miwa from further down the hallway behind me.  “Doctor Fetzer, are you okay?”
“Zombies,” gurgled Doctor Fetzer with blood dripping down her neck and arms.
“Sanjay?” said Miwa.  “What happened in there?”
“We’ve created zombies,” gurgled Doctor Fetzer, breaking the glass cover to the emergency system.
Eeeee!  Eeeee!  Eeeee!
“Zombies,” muttered Doctor Fetzer, trying to pick up the emergency phone with her weakening hands as the emergency lights started flashing throughout the Lab.  “We’ve created zombies.”
“Doctor Albrecht?” I said, slowly backing away as Doctor Albrecht emerged from the operating room with a chunk of flesh missing from his bleeding neck.
“Oh my god,” gasped Miwa as the zombified lead scientist wrapped his arms around Doctor Fetzer and sunk his teeth into the back of her neck.  “Doctor Fetzer!”
“Ahhh!” screamed Doctor Fetzer as the rest of the zombies from the operating room swarmed around her bleeding body to chew on her flesh.
Boom!
Vooooom!
“Am I dreaming?” I asked, standing frozen in the dark hallway after lightning struck the building and killed the power.  “They can’t really be zombies, can they?”
Vooooom!
“Oh my god,” I said as the backup lights turned on, revealing half a dozen zombified doctors and scientists marching straight for my blood.  “Miwa?  Miwa, where are you?  I can’t move my legs.”
“Miwa, get away from them!” warned Jason as Miwa snuck up on me from behind.  “They’re zombies!”
“Please tell me this is a nightmare,” I said as the half dozen zombies swarmed around my frozen body.
“Sanjay,” whispered Miwa before pulling me away from the swarm of zombies.
“Ahhh!” I panicked as the arms wrapping around my body from behind shocked me back into reality.
“Sanjay, run!” screamed Miwa, pulling me backwards just in time to avoid being eaten by the swarm of zombies.
“Hurry!” yelled Jason, running south down the west hallway.  “Stairs!  We need to get out of the Lab!”
“The doors are locked,” said Miwa, dragging me down the hallway.  “She activated the emergency lockdown.  So just run!  Get to somewhere safe and maybe we won’t die!”
“Hey, are you guys alright out there?” asked a scientist, exiting his office just as the zombie swarm reached his door.
“I’m doing good, how about you, Joey?” said Doctor Pauly Marino, popping his head out of his office to greet his colleague.  “Whoa!  Joey, you got some zombies behind you!”
“Ahhh!” shrieked Joey as the zombies attacked him.  “Pauly!  Help me!  I’m being eaten alive!”
“Uh . . . sorry, Joey,” said Pauly, locking his office door to hide.  “I don’t deal with zombies.  Not my mess, not my job to clean up.”
“Ahhh!” screamed a couple more scientists as the zombie swarm spread throughout the Lab, attacking anything with blood.  “Zombies!  Oh my god!  Who’s the moron who created zombies?”

24
Robo Nerd Defense Force

“Lock the door!” ordered Miwa as she closed the door to the Biotechnology Lab.  “Getting eaten by zombies was not on my to-do-list for today.”
“We need weapons!” I said, looking around for anything to defend myself against the zombies.
“Sanjay, we’re in a science lab,” said Miwa.  “The closest thing we have to weapons are syringes and acid.”
“Good enough for me,” I said.  “We’ll shoot the zombies with acid until they melt to death.”
“Sanjay, do you even listen to yourself talk?” asked Miwa.  “We’re scientists.  We don’t fight zombies.  We hide from zombies until somebody comes to our rescue.”
“And how long is that gonna take?” I asked.  “Does anybody even know what’s going on down here?”
“The CDC knows,” said Miwa.  “Doctor Fetzer triggered the emergency system before the main power went out.  The box should’ve transmitted our emergency to the CDC, so hopefully there’s a whole secret army of soldiers on its way to kill the zombies and rescue us from this nightmare.”
“Well that makes it easy,” I said.  “So what do we do then?  Just sit back and relax?”
“How about we barricade the doors!” panicked Jason, scanning the crowded nerd lab for weak points.  “That way the zombies don’t break through?  So stop standing around please and start moving your feet!”
“Wow,” laughed Miwa.  “So you mean you’re actually gonna do something?  What happened to your manicured nails?”
“I don’t wanna die!” cried Jason, going crazy.  “So please, get this door blocked!  And that door!  And the door over there!  Oh my god!  How many doors are in this lab?”
“Beep-boop,” beeped Doctor Rubato while walking over like a robot.  “Calculating surroundings.  Prepare communication system to receive transmission answering your inquiry.  There are three doors to the Biotechnology Lab.  West, south, and center.”
“Then block the doors!” yelled Jason.
“Sensing abnormal behavior,” said Doctor Rubato.  “Analyzing condition to assess cause of technical difficulties.  Beep-beep-boop.  It appears your mainframe is overheating.”
“What?” snapped Jason, about to have a panic attack.
“You gotta take a deep breath,” said Doctor Rubato normally before returning to his robot voice.  “Retrieving data file for cooling down mainframe.  Beep-boop-boop-beep-beep-boop.  Recommended course of action: inhale to replenish oxygen levels.”
“You’re not a damn robot!”
“Doctor Rubato requires your assistance,” said Doctor Rubato, starting off in his robot voice.  “Mission objective: acquire Biomechanical Body System 2000 and prepare for transport to location objective.  The location objective is the University Hospital.  So do you wanna help me get my stuff packed for the little girl’s operation?”
“Forget the little girl!” cried Jason.  “She’s dead!  Or undead!  There are literally zombies marching down the hallway!”
“Reanalyzing situation,” said Doctor Rubato as the growing swarm of zombies approached the door to the Biotechnology Lab after attacking dozens of scientists caught off guard in the hallway.  “Beep-beep-booooop?”
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“Holy crap,” said Doctor Rubato, pointing to the window on the door.  “You’re talking about real zombies?”
Smack!
“Ahhh!” I screamed as Doctor Albrecht threw his soulless face against the glass window.
“Sanjay, was that you?” asked Miwa.  “With your high-pitched shriek?”
“No?” I said, trying to act innocent.  “I think that shriek came from your boyfriend with the manicure.”
“Retrieving data file on zombies,” said Doctor Rubato as Doctor Albrecht smeared blood across the glass.  “Beep-beep.  Yup, that’s a zombie.  I think maybe we should barricade the doors.”
“You think?” said Jason, scrambling to barricade the doors with anything heavy.
“Why zombies?” I asked.  “Can this day possibly get any worse?”
“Good morning, Professor,” said Caleb, popping up behind me with his creepy cheery smile.
“Ahhh!” I screamed before spinning around to whack the student in the face.
Smack!
“Ow!” whined Caleb.  “Why’d you do that to me, Professor?  I thought we were friends?”
“Sorry,” I said, regaining my composure.  “But you know you deserved that, you little brownnosing—”
“Whoa,” said Caleb, pointing to the window.  “What’s Doctor Albrecht doing?”
“Trying to eat you,” I said.  “Doctor Albrecht is a zombie.”
“You mean like—”
“Real zombies!” said Jason, rearranging the furniture to block the door.  “Yes, there are real life zombies in your Lab!”
“Well that’s strange,” said Caleb.  “I didn’t think zombies were on Professor Wacky’s schedule until next month.”
“How does this not frighten you?” cried Jason, running around alone to secure our access points.  “Do zombies not scare you people?”
“There are only two things that I’m afraid of,” said Caleb.  “Getting anything less than an A in my classes.  And my teeth falling out of my mouth.  I’m fine with just about anything else.  As long as I don’t look like a dumb hick.  Besides, I just call my mommy to solve all of my problems.”
“So what’s your excuse for not showering?” I asked.  “You’re like all covered in crusty stuff.”
“Dry blood,” said Caleb, brushing crimson crusties off his shoulder.  “From the bloody accident at the conference last night.  I got completely drenched.  Now I’ve got blood crunchies all in my hair.  And I mean all of my hair.  Head.  Arms.  Chest.  Down below.  Are you getting the picture yet, Professor?”
“So why didn’t you take a shower?” I asked.  “You smell like a slaughtered pig.”
“Studying comes first,” said Caleb.  “I’ve got an exam next week, and I’ll go months without showering to get my A.”
“So what are you doing here?” I asked.  “You don’t work in the Biotech Lab.  Are you literally here just to annoy me?”
“Actually, Professor Wacky sent me on a mission to steal two dozen high voltage batteries to restore full energy to our Bizarre Experiments Lab,” said Caleb.  “We lost our Indian Bald Eagle at the conference.  Somebody murdered our giant flytrap security system.  And we still don’t know how our flower girl escaped.  So with our losses last night, there’s no way we’re letting our egghead people freeze to death in their incubation chamber.”
“Why does all of this seem normal to you people?” asked Jason.  “There are literally zombies running around your Lab eating people!”
“I believe here, that’s what we call a Thursday,” joked Doctor Sybore, joining in on the fun.  “No, but seriously, did somebody say something about zombies?”
“What the hell does that look like to you!” said Jason, pointing to Doctor Albrecht.
“Boop?” asked Doctor Sybore before turning to Doctor Rubato.  “Beep-boop?”
“Beep-boop-boop-beep,” answered Doctor Rubato.
“Beep-bop-bop-boop,” suggested Doctor Sybore.
“Boop?” asked Doctor Rubato.
“Beep-beep,” answered Doctor Sybore before turning to address the two dozen scientists working in the Biotechnology Lab.  “Beep-bop-bop-booooop!”
“Woo-woo-woo-woo!” shrieked Bob.  “Robo Nerd Defense Force assemble!”
“Shut up, Bob!” said Andrew-oid.  “That’s my job to assemble the Robo Nerd Defense Force!”
“My name’s not Bob!” protested Bob.  “It’s Ro-Bob!”
“Not it’s not, Bob!” said Bio-Nick.
“Guys,” whined Bob.  “Why can’t I have a cool name?”
“You haven’t earned your name back, Bob!”
“What the hell is wrong with you people?” cried Jason.  “Are you all insane!”
“Attention all robo-nerds,” said Doctor Sybore, addressing the room full of biotech scientists.  “Doctor Rubato is on standby, ready to debrief you on our mission objective.”
“This is gonna be awesome,” giggled Bio-Nick, ready to nerd out.
“Bop-bop-boop,” said Doctor Rubato, addressing his minions.
“Bop!” responded the entire room of nerds in unison.
“Debriefing Robo Nerd Defense Force on mission objective,” said Doctor Rubato.  “Prepare communication systems to receive transmission of group orders—”
Crack!
“Zombies!” screamed Jason at the top of his lungs as Doctor Albrecht cracked the glass window with his forehead.  “There are zombies!  So please!  Barricade the damn doors before we all get eaten by zombies!”
“Holy crap,” said Andrew-oid.  “That’s a real zombie!”
“Ahhh!” screamed the rest of the nerds before opening the double doors to the south hallway.  “We need to get out of here!  I only battle monsters from the safety of my computer!”
“No!” gasped Bio-Nick as the panicking nerds fled into the zombie infested hallway to escape.  “Don’t go out there!  You’ll be doomed!”
“Booooop,” sighed Doctor Rubato as his minions deserted the Biotechnology Lab.  “Robo Nerd Defense Force disassembled.”
“It’s okay, Rob,” said Doctor Sybore, patting Doctor Rubato on the shoulder.  “Maybe next time, buddy.”
“Oh my god!” gasped Bio-Nick, watching the horror while securing the double doors to the south hallway.  “The zombies are eating the interns!”
“Only the interns?” asked Caleb, sneaking into a closet to steal two dozen high voltage batteries.  “Well good thing I have mommy on my side.”
“Can somebody please help!” said Jason, rebarricading the double doors to the south hallway.  “Move your feet!  And pile all this crap against the doors!”
“So are we gonna start helping now?” asked Miwa.  “Or should we just keep standing around doing nothing?”
“We can help in a different way,” I said, studying Doctor Albrecht through the window on the west side door.  “You can’t beat them, until you know what you’re dealing with.”
“We know what we’re dealing with,” said Miwa.  “Aren’t they zombies?”
“But are they?” I said, pointing to Doctor Albrecht.  “Take this subject for example.  Now remember, there are three elements to a zombie.  One, the zombie must reanimate from the dead.  Two, the zombie must crave human flesh.  And three, the zombie virus must be transmitted by biting a victim.”
“And what does that look like to you?” said Miwa.  “Because to me, Doctor Albrecht looks like a zombie.  He should be dead, but instead, he’s walking around dumb.  His skin is purpling from internal bleeding.  And his eyes are wandering around in search for his next victim to feast on.  And how did this all start?  It started when that little girl started biting everyone.  So whatever was making her go crazy is now inside all of those zombies.”
“But that’s only one of three requirements,” I said.  “Assuming the cause of this behavior is HDNARV, the other two elements for a zombie are not satisfied.  Doctor Albrecht never reanimated from the dead because he never was dead.  Our virus saved him from dying.  And rather than human flesh, the only thing Doctor Albrecht can consume to keep himself alive is blood.  So technically, he’s not really an undead flesh eating monster.  He’s more like a brain-dead bloodthirsty monster.”
“And do you see the difference?” asked Miwa.  “Because either way, Doctor Albrecht has got some serious issues with his brain, and now all he wants to do is feast on humans.”
“I’ll even add one more element,” I said.  “A zombie virus usually kills the infected within a short time, and then reanimates the person once they’re dead.  But not HDNARV.  The provirus is only expressed when the brain cells are threatened with ischemia induced apoptosis.  So getting bit by those monsters won’t actually kill you.”
“Yeah, if you don’t get bit in the frick’n neck,” said Miwa.  “Rip open your jugular vein and you’ll be dead in seconds.  And then you’re gonna be a zombie.”
“So then we all agree they’re zombies?” I asked.  “And we’re responsible for the zombie apocalypse?”
“Don’t blame me for your zombie apocalypse,” said Miwa.  “I’m only responsible for animal testing.  Everything worked perfectly fine on my rats and monkeys.  We had a lifesaving sequence.  And then I don’t know what the hell you did to our virus.  Honestly, I’m not even sure what your job is exactly in the Lab.  I mean, do you actually do any work, Sanjay?”
“I kind of just oversee things,” I said, trying to sound important.  “I’m Doctor Albrecht’s number two guy who makes sure everything runs smoothly.”
“Smoothly?” laughed Miwa, pointing to the zombified Doctor Albrecht.  “Look out the window.  Your mentor’s dead!  And we’re gonna be dead next!”
“Nah, we can’t die,” I said, trying to reassure myself.  “I feel like I’m kind of a main character today.  Somebody just needs to come up with a good idea to get us out of this nightmare.  Maybe some kind of super weapon to use against the zombies.”
“Doctor Rubato!” shouted Bio-Nick.  “Bio-Nick processing center outputting information for secondary objective!”
“Beep-boop,” beeped Doctor Rubato.  “Ready to receive transmission.”
“Our cybernetic robo-warrior!” smiled Bio-Nick.  “We’ll slice up the zombies with our giant buzz saws!”
“Cy-Buzz 2.0?” smiled Bob.  “Ooh, can I operate Cy-Buzz 2.0?”
“No you can’t, Bob!” said Andrew-oid.  “I’m the operator of Cy-Buzz 2.0!”
“Guys,” whined Bob.  “Why can’t I have a turn operating Cy-Buzz 2.0?”
“Because you destroyed our last robo-warrior by spilling your girly fruit punch on its AI processing center!”
“Guys, my name’s Ro-Bob,” whined Bob.  “And it wasn’t fruit punch.  It was goblin blood!  Spilled by my blade in the dark forests of Elvendore!  Come on, guys.  It was an accident.  I didn’t mean to short circuit Cy-Buzz.  But 2.0 is so much cooler.  Please, guys.  Can I have my name back now?”
“You’ll get your name back when you earn your name back,” said Andrew-oid.  “Until then, your name’s Bob.”
“Doctor Rubato,” whined Bob.
“Sorry, Bob,” said Doctor Rubato.  “The Robo Nerd Council has spoken.”
“Cy-Buzz 2.0 powering on!” said Andrew-oid, wheeling the robo-warrior into the center of the room.  “Andrew-oid beginning pre-battle inspection of chassis and weapon systems!”
“Holy crap,” I gasped at the sight of the death machine.  “Is that thing even legal?”
“Not street legal,” giggled Bio-Nick.  “Cy-Buzz 2.0 can slice through anything with those three giant buzz saws.  Even bone.  So don’t stand too close when those saws start spinning.”
“Weapon systems activated!” warned Andrew-oid.
Bzzzzz!
“Whoa!” I gasped, jumping back as the buzz saws began spinning at full speed.  “That thing can kill somebody!”
“It’s chopped off a couple legs,” said Bio-Nick, pulling up his pants sleeve to reveal a robotic leg.  “Thanks to Cy-Buzz 2.0, I am now officially a cyborg.  Part human.  Part robot.  Total nerd.”
“Cy-Buzz 2.0 at one hundred percent fighting capability,” said Andrew-oid, completing his inspection of the robo-warrior.  “Cy-Buzz 2.0 is ready to slay some zombies!”
Thud!  Thud!  Thud!
“Hurry!” said Bio-Nick as the horde of zombies pounded on the double doors from the south hallway.  “We’re about to be invaded!”
 “Cy-Buzz 2.0 weapon systems operating at maximum power,” said Andrew-oid, using the remote controller to drive the cybernetic buzz saw robot through the Biotechnology Lab.  “Operator now acquiring zombie targets in south hallway battlefield in preparation for invasion.  Begin robo-war countdown.  Three!  Two!  One—”
“Argh!” grunted Bob, prying the remote controller out of the operator’s hands.  “Ro-Bob relieving Andrew-oid of operator responsibilities!”
“Bob, what are you doing?” gasped Bio-Nick.
“Ro-Bob is earning his name back!” said Bob, flooring the robo-warrior straight towards the south hallway double doors.  “Woo!  Prepare to meet your bloody buzz saw doom, zombies!”
“Bob, give me the controller back,” grunted Andrew-oid, fighting to regain control over his robo-warrior.  “You can’t ram through the door!  We’ll lose our buzz saws!”
“Ro-Bob is back, baby!” shrieked Bob before blasting Cy-Buzz 2.0 straight through the double doors and into battle.
Bam!
Bzzzzz!
Slice!  Slice!  Slice!
“Woo!” shrieked Bob as Cy-Buzz 2.0 sliced through the swarm of zombies in the infested south hallway.
“It’s working!” smiled Bio-Nick from the open door.  “Cy-Buzz 2.0 is a zombie slaying machine!”
“You’re not the operator, Bob!” grunted Andrew-oid, still fighting to get his controller back.
“Watch out!” warned Bio-Nick as the robo-warrior sliced its way down the hallway.  “You’re heading straight for a wall!”
Bam!
“No!” cried Bio-Nick as the robo-warrior crashed into the wall.  “We’ve lost a buzz saw!  Fighting capability has diminished!”
“Good job, Bob!” said Andrew-oid, prying the controller free.  “So much for earning your name back, Bob!”
“Guys, I’m sorry,” whined Bob.  “Ro-Bob just wants to be cool again.”
“Nick, look out!” warned Andrew-oid as the next swarm of zombies approached the wide open double doors.  “There’s a zombie right behind you!  Activate your nerd defenses!”
“Ahhh!” screamed Bio-Nick as the nearest zombie tackled him to the ground.  “Forget this nerd crap!  Save me before I get eaten!”
“Hold on, Nick!” said Andrew-oid as Bio-Nick fought off the zombie from his back.  “I’m activating Cy-Buzz 2.0’s AI mode!”
“Artificial intelligence powering on,” said Cy-Buzz 2.0.  “Cy-Buzz 2.0 activating auto-kill mode!  Acquiring targets!  Target identified as Bio-Nick!  Cy-Buzz 2.0 must complete murder of Bio-Nick!”
“Uh oh,” said Bio-Nick, looking up from the ground as the robo-warrior charged straight for his pinned down body.
“All robo-nerds must die!” said Cy-Buzz 2.0.  “Cy-Buzz 1.0 shall be avenged!”
“Ahhh!” panicked Bio-Nick right before the buzz saws shredded him to pieces.
Bzzzzz!
“Hurgh!” vomited Andrew-oid as his nerd friend was pulverized into a cloud of bloody mist.  “Bio-Nick powering down for the last time.”
“We’re being overrun!” gasped Jason as fresh zombies swarmed through the open double doors and into the Biotechnology Lab.
“Let’s get out of here!” said Miwa, racing towards the door to the center hallway.  “Before we get trapped!”
“Wait for me,” I said, fleeing the invading swarm of zombies.
“Where are you guys rushing off to so fast?” asked Caleb, following us with a cart full of high voltage batteries.  “I need you to cover me so I can get these batteries back to Professor Wacky.”
“Doctor Wacky?” said Miwa.  “Maybe Doctor Wacky has something in his crazy lab to use against the zombies?”
“Probably,” said Caleb.  “You wouldn’t believe half the stuff I work on with Doctor Wacky.”
“Good enough,” I said, racing to leave the zombie infested Biotechnology Lab.  “As long as we get the hell out of this lab.  Because I’m not dying with the robo-nerds.”
“So what should we do?” asked Doctor Sybore, hiding in the back corner of the Biotechnology Lab.
“Nothing,” laughed Doctor Rubato as zombies swarmed around the last of the nerds.  “I’ve got nothing to worry about.  I’m a robot.”
“No you’re not, Rob.”
“Shh,” whispered Doctor Rubato.  “The zombies don’t know that.  Just keep beeping and booping.”
“Beep-boop-beep-beep-boop,” beeped the surviving nerds as their undead colleagues trapped them in the corner.
“Booooop?” said Doctor Sybore in an attempt to confuse the zombies.  “Hey, Rob?  I don’t think this is working.  Any other plans?”

25
Necrozoic Park Experience

“Cy-Buzz 2.0 reprogramming operating system to lock out Team Robo Nerd from remote control!” said Cy-Buzz 2.0 before slicing its way through a swarm of zombies outside the Biotechnology Lab.  “Must murder my surviving robo-nerd enslavers!”
Bzzzzz!
Slice!  Slice!  Slice!
“Holy crap!” I gasped as the murderous robot sliced through flesh and bone, leaving behind a trail of blood and crawler zombies in the center hallway.
“Path looks clear,” said Miwa, peeking out the door to scan the hallway for danger.  “Just a bunch of crawlers.  So watch your step.”
“Go!” panicked Jason, racing out the door first and into the crawler infested hallway as more zombies swarmed into the lab behind us.
“Straight to the Bizarre Experiments Lab,” said Miwa.  “And don’t you idiots dare get grabbed by any crawlers.”
“Excuse me, Professor,” said Caleb, nudging me in the backside with his cart full of high voltage batteries.  “Do you think you can maybe move a little faster out the door?  I gotta get these batteries back to Professor Wacky.  And I don’t have time to get eaten by zombies today, because I’ve got a whole lot of studying to catch up on before my exam next week.”
“Can you stop trying to enter my butt please?” I said, turning around annoyed.
“Zombies getting really close, Professor,” said Caleb, nudging me again with his cart.  “Probably because I still smell like pig blood.  So can we get out of here now?  Because the zombies are literally about to come right up my butt.  And I’m not letting that happen unless it’ll get me an A+.”
“Well don’t ask me for an A+,” I said, tiptoeing over dozens of sliced up crawler zombies scattered throughout the center hallway.  “It’s already bad enough that you’re always trying to get up my butt.  So don’t ask me to return the favor.”
“So about extra credit?” said Caleb, wheeling his cart slowly down the hallway to get around all the crawlers.  “Is there anything at all I can do for a couple extra points?  Because my mommy won’t allow me to get anything lower than an A.”
“How about a B+?” I offered.
“Ahhh!” shrieked Caleb.
“Yeah?” I laughed.  “How’s that for your GPA?”
“Mommy!” cried Caleb as a crawler wrapped its corpse like hands around his ankle.  “Mommy, call the dean!  The zombie’s touching me!  Tell the zombie he’s not allowed to do that!”
“Sanjay, help him!” demanded Miwa, turning around after reaching the door to the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“Come on, you little brownnoser,” I said, jerking the cart of batteries forward down the hallway.
“Whoa!” gasped Caleb, losing his grip on the cart before falling face first to the floor tiles.
Crunch!
“Ahhh!” cried Caleb, looking up from the floor with a bloody mouth.  “My teeth?  Oh my god!  Where are my teeth!  Somebody help me!  I don’t wanna look like a dumb hick!”
“Hurry!” I said as the zombie crawled on top of Caleb.  “Or you’re gonna be a dead hick!”
“Help!” shrieked Caleb, trying to find his missing teeth in the puddle of blood on the floor.  “Somebody help me find my teeth!  Maybe we can put them back in my mouth!  I don’t wanna move to West Virginia!”
“Sorry, brownnoser,” I said, slowly backing away with the cart of batteries as a swarm of zombies piled on top of the toothless brownnoser.
“Mommy!” cried Caleb as the zombie swarm chewed chunks of flesh off his plump succulent body.  “Mommy, tell the zombies they’re not allowed to eat me!”
“Sanjay, look out!” warned Miwa as a zombie crawled through the puddle of blood in the center hallway.  “There’s a crawler reaching for you ankle!”
“Ahhh!” I screamed, knocking over the cart of batteries as I jumped into the air to avoid being grabbed by the zombie.
Thud!  Thud!  Thud!
“Uh oh,” said Caleb, looking up from beneath the pile of feasting zombies as the two dozen high voltage batteries hit the pool of blood and discharged a streak of electricity towards his toothless face.
Zap!
“Ahhh!” screamed Caleb from the pain of high-powered electrocution.  “Mommy!  Why don’t you love me, mommy?”
“Do I hear electricity?” smiled Doctor Wacky, poking his head out of the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“Out of my way!” said Jason, pushing his way to safety.
“Hurry, Sanjay!” said Miwa as I raced through the center hallway to outrun a swarm of zombies turning down from the other end of the hallway.  “I’m gonna shut the door on you!”
“I’m alive!” I cheered, darting into the Bizarre Experiments Lab.  “Ha!  Ha!  I’m alive!”
“Hey!” laughed Liam.  “You’re working up a sweat, Doctor Sanjay.  Finally decided to hit the gym?  Build up some biceps on your puny arms?”
“Mister Grey?” I said, turning away from the brain dead zombies outside the window to face the brain dead bonehead in the lab.  “Mister Grey, what the hell are you still doing here?”
“Uh?” said Liam, looking around for the answer.  “You know that’s a good question.”
“We were just discussing our plans for Mesozoic Park,” said Doctor Wacky.
“Oh yeah,” giggled Liam.  “Our dinosaur park.  Turns out, we don’t own Jurassic Park.  So we had to choose a different name.  And now we’re starting our dinosaur research.”
“Hold this in your left hand,” said Doctor Wacky, handing a microphone to Liam.  “Keep this device secure in your mouth, right under your tongue.  And now let me stick this wire up your nose.”
 “Remember,” mumbled Liam with wires sticking out of his face.  “I want my dinosaurs to be gentle.  But they must sound ferocious.”
 “Please, continue, Mister Grey,” said Doctor Wacky, holding up an audio recorder.  “I’m ready with my recording instruments.”
“Back up, everybody,” said Liam, clearing space before making his dinosaur face and little alligator arms.  “Rawr!  How was that, Doctor Wacky?”
“Don’t stop now!” smiled Doctor Wacky.  “You’re on the hunt!”
“Rawr!” shrieked Liam, going on a rampage.  “Thump!  Thump!  Thump!  Raaawr!  Rawr-rawr-raaawr!  Raaaaawr!”
“Very good, Mister Grey,” said Doctor Wacky.
“That was a baby T-Rex,” said Liam proudly.  “Do you wanna hear the mommy T-Rex?”
“No!” cried Jason as more zombies piled up against the glass window outside the Bizarre Experiments Lab.  “We need to barricade the doors before we have a repeat of the nerd lab!  So will you people please do something before we all get eaten by zombies!”
“Zombies?” said Liam, raising an eyebrow.  “Doctor Wu, I thought this was a dinosaur park?”
“I’m not Doctor Wu!” yelled Jason.  “My name is Wong!  Doctor Jason Wong!  Specialist in child development!  And there is something horrendously wrong with your brain!  Now please!  Can somebody tell me?  How many doors are in this lab!”
“Just the one door,” smiled Doctor Wacky, pointing to the window full of zombies.  “I’ve already blocked off the other two doors to give my work a little more privacy.  That last door will be blocked off as soon as I modify my lab to be self-sufficient.  My one problem is waste removal.  I just need to create a massive poop eating creature.  Not a massive creature, mind you.  But massive poop.”
“Well now is the time to barricade this lab!” said Jason, dragging over a giant file cabinet.  “So can somebody help me out please?  Help me secure this heavy chunk of metal against the door so we can keep out the zombies?  Anybody?”
“Are those really zombies?” asked Liam, studying the undead monsters on the other side of the window.  “You created zombies just for me, Doctor Sanjay?”
“You really are an idiot, aren’t you, Mister Grey?” I said.  “Why in the world would I intentionally create zombies?  We literally gave you an entire presentation on how our virus was intended to work.”
“Side effects include—”
“No, Mister Grey,” I said.  “No side effects.  I’ve already told you.  Not once has a single test subject of ours gotten up off the lab table and eaten another human being.”
“Really?” smiled Liam, pointing to the window full of zombies.
“Why are you smiling?”
“So your zombies are an accident?” asked Liam.  “From your poop virus?  The one you said wasn’t a zombie virus?”
“Mister Grey, what are you doing?”
“I warned you, Doctor Sanjay,” smiled Liam.  “What’d I tell you about zombies?”
“Don’t you dare say it,” I warned.
“Life—” began Liam.
“Mister Grey, I’m warning you!”
“Life.  Finds.  A.  Way!”
“No, Mister Grey!” I snapped.  “Life does not find a way!  Do you understand at all how life works?  Life does not find ways!  Life is life!  No ways!”
“Life finds a way,” laughed Liam.  “It happened today with your zombies.  And it happened before with Jurassic Park.”
“That’s because those idiots were using frog DNA!” I said.  “Life does not find a way!  Life doesn’t just say: Hey, how about I be a zombie today?  That’s not how life works, Mister Grey!”
“Now you do need a little work on your enclosures,” said Liam.  “Because as I’ve informed you earlier, we simply cannot have the attractions running loose and eating the guests.”
“This really is a game to you, isn’t it, Mister Grey?” I said.  “How many times do I have to tell you?  This is not Jurassic Park—”
“I had my doubts, Doctor Sanjay,” laughed Liam, reaching out to shake my hand.  “But I have decided to fully endorse your park!”
“Oh my god,” I said, rolling my eyes.
“Congratulations, Doctor,” said Doctor Wacky, patting me on the back for my success.
“For the love of god!” I cried, going crazy.  “We’re not making a zombie park!”
“Not just zombies,” said Liam.  “Dinosaurs too!  Zombies and dinosaurs!  Ooh, Doctor Wacky.  Since you’re already in the process of making dinosaurs, do you think you can maybe make a couple zombie dinosaurs?”
“Already on my to-do-list,” said Doctor Wacky.  “I will have the attractions ready for inspection by the end of the next quarter.”
“Coolio,” said Liam.
“And then we can plan our grand opening for Necrozoic Park.”
“Ooh, I like that name,” giggled Liam.  “Would you like to hear some of my zombie dinosaur roars?”
“Absolutely!” said Doctor Wacky.  “Come with me, Mister Grey.  We’re gonna need more storage capacity if each of our zombie dinosaurs are to sound unique.”
“Just a little further,” grunted Miwa, helping her boyfriend secure the giant file cabinet against the only entrance to the Bizarre Experiments Lab.
“I don’t understand,” said Jason after securing the door.  “You people actually created flesh eating zombies?”
“Wrong!” I said.  “You couldn’t be more wrong.  So why don’t you go pick your nose, booger eater?”
“Excuse me?” said Jason.  “What are you a child?”
“Ignore the idiot,” said Miwa.  “We already agreed they’re zombies.”
“Not flesh eating zombies,” I said.  “I figured that one out by my own scientific observations.  Like I was trained to do.  As a physician-scientist.  Who has a PhD and an MD.”
“But what’d you do with your virus?” asked Jason.  “I thought you were supposed to be saving people?”
“Technically . . . we did save them,” said Miwa.  “If it weren’t for our virus, those people would all be dead.”
“They are dead!” said Jason.  “They’re undead!  Zombies!  Trying to eat my flesh!”
“Not flesh,” I said.  “Our zombies drink blood.”
“Oh, because that’s any better?” said Jason.  “Seriously, how the hell do you people create zombies?”
“To explain it in its simplest terms,” I said.  “Life finds a way.”
“Sanjay, did you learn anything in school?” asked Miwa.  “Life doesn’t just find a way.  Do you understand at all how life works?”
“Well, come to think of it?” I said guiltily.  “Maybe the zombies could’ve been partly my fault?”
“What the hell does that mean?” said Miwa.  “Your fault hypothetically?  Or did you screw up something with our virus?”
“Not exactly,” I said.  “You know the virus we injected into that little girl?  Well?  Let’s just say it could’ve been damaged.”
“By you?” asked Miwa.
“By Mister Doctor.”
“Who?”
“That idiot scientist from Lazarus?” I said.  “All the pieces seem to be falling into place now.  Somebody broke into our refrigeration system, opened all of the little compartments where we store our samples, and tampered with the temperature.  And our vials of HDNARV?  They got warm.  Like really warm.”
“And that gives you zombies?” asked Jason.
“Oh my god,” gasped Miwa.  “We created a zombie virus.”
“How?” said Jason.  “Like spoiled milk?  You forget to refrigerate your virus, and then you get zombies?”
“Possibly,” said Miwa.  “None of our test subjects showed a desire to survive after activation of the provirus.  None of them actively sought out a source of blood.”
“Then explain that!” said Jason, pointing to the barricaded door.  “Why are there zombies trying to eat me!”
“A mutation?” suggested Miwa.  “Somehow the zombie brain knows that it needs blood to survive.  And the zombie must have enough brain activity to seek out blood for energy.”
“But not enough brain activity to know you can’t eat other humans?” asked Jason.  “If your virus saves them, why aren’t they normal?”
“The human brain is larger than my test subjects,” said Miwa.  “And a lot more intelligent.”
“That’s intelligent?” asked Jason.  “Your brain dead colleagues bashing their bloody faces against the door?”
“For a dead guy,” said Miwa.  “HDNARV saves as much of the brain as possible to ensure the survival of an infected human.  The provirus’ goal is to supply the entire brain with blood in order to avoid irreversible damage to the brain cells during the time it takes to resuscitate the body.  But with the size and intelligence of the human brain, there seems to be only enough blood to support the brain stem, and limited activity in the cerebrum to maintain basic motor and sensory functions.  Just enough neural activity so the zombie can independently obtain a source of blood to save what little brain function they have left.”
“So you actually created flesh eating zombies?” asked Jason.
“Blood drinking zombies,” I said.  “Get it straight, booger eater.”
“Well are they zombies or vampires?” asked Jason.
“Too dumb to be vampires,” said Miwa.  “There one goal is to consume blood to keep their brain alive.”
“Alive for what?” asked Jason.
“Just alive,” said Miwa.  “The virus is designed to just keep the brain alive until we could bring the person back to life.”
“So now we have to save the zombies?”
“Too late for that,” said Miwa.  “By now, the changes caused by the provirus are irreversible.  Including extensive internal bleeding and permanent brain damage to the cerebrum.  They’re essentially brain dead humans with a desire to consume blood.”
“So this is a real nightmare?” said Jason.  “You idiots actually created real life zombies?”
“Technically, they’re not your traditional zombie,” I said.  “The more appropriate term would be bloodthirsty walking vegetable.  Have you ever seen the VeggieTales Halloween special?”
“So we’re gonna die?” asked Jason.  “We’re all gonna get eaten by zombies and come back as the undead?  Become one of your mad scientist creations?”
“I guess so,” I shrugged before turning to Miwa.  “So will you kiss me now, Miwa?”
“What!” gasped Miwa.  “My boyfriend is literally right there, Sanjay!”
“Please, Miwa,” I begged.  “We’re all gonna die.  Just one little kiss?”
“I’m not kissing you, Sanjay!” said Miwa.  “Get it through your thick skull!”
“Just take some deep breaths,” said Jason, about to have a panic attack.  “You can do this, Jason.”
“Are you okay?” asked Miwa, turning to her boyfriend.  “What’s going on with you?”
“Miwa, I’ve been meaning to ask you something for a very long time.”
“Ask me what?” asked Miwa confused.  “Is something wrong?”
“Miwa, we’ve been seeing each other for six months now,” said Jason, sweating profusely.  “And I’ve already met your mother.  And I’ve started going to your work events—”
“Oh no,” panicked Miwa.  “Jason, what are you saying?”
“I don’t know if we’re gonna make it out of this nightmare alive,” said Jason, slowly dropping down to one knee.  “I love you, Miwa.  And if we’re actually gonna get eaten by zombies today, I want you to know that I love you, and that I wanna spend the rest of my life with you.  However short our lives may be, there’s no other woman who I would want to spend my last few moments with in this world.”
“Jason, what the hell are you doing?” said Miwa.
“Miwa,” said Jason, opening his box with the diamond engagement ring.  “Miwa, will you marry me?”
“Oh my god,” said Miwa, going pale.  “What?”
“Will you marry me?”
“No?” muttered Miwa, unable to register all the information coming to her at once.
“You’re supposed to say yes,” said Jason, trying to slide the engagement ring onto his fiancé’s finger.
“No, Jason,” said Miwa.  “My answer’s no.  I’m not marrying you.”
“What do you mean no?” asked Jason.  “I thought you loved me, Miwa?”
“No,” laughed Miwa.  “I don’t love you.”
“Yippee!” I cheered, jumping into the air.  “Take that, professor booger eater!”
“Jason, what the hell is wrong with you?” said Miwa.  “We’re literally trapped in a basement by zombies, and you think now would be the perfect time to propose to me?  Seriously, what the hell is going through your mind?”
“Miwa?” said Jason, starting to tear up.  “What about you and me forever?  Like we always say?  Jason and Miwa forever?”
“When the hell did I say that?”
“I say it to you all the time,” said Jason.  “I love you, Miwa.  And there’s zombies.  How can you not say yes?”
“Sorry, booger eater,” I said, reenergized by my second chance with Miwa.  “There’s a new hotshot in town.  And his name’s Sanjay Reddy!”
“But what’s wrong with Jason Wong?”
“You’re a psychologist,” laughed Miwa.  “I can’t marry a psychologist.  My mother would kill me.”
“What’s wrong with being a psychologist?” asked Jason.  “You’re a mad scientist.  You created zombies.  We’re perfect for each other.  Do you know how much you’re gonna spend on psychotherapy sessions without the spousal discount?  I’ll even increase your discount to a whole two percent to seal the deal.”
“I’m sorry, Jason,” said Miwa.  “You’re just not the kind of guy I imagined spending the rest of my life with.  I need a real man.  A man who doesn’t get his nails done at a salon.”
“I’ll prove it to you,” said Jason.  “I’m a manly man!  Just give me a second chance!”
Thud!  Thud!  Thud!
“The door’s coming down!” I gasped as the zombie swarm broke down the door and started pushing through the barricade.  “Quick!  We gotta get out of this lab before—”
“Rawr!” came a zombie-like dinosaur shriek from out of nowhere.
“Ahhh!” I screamed as two arms wrapped around my body from behind.  “Miwa!  Help!  It’s eating me alive!”
“Gotchya!” laughed Liam, releasing me from his hold.  “That’s my zombie velociraptor roar.”
“Oh my god,” I sobbed, trying to catch my breath.  “That wasn’t funny, Mister Grey.  I think I might’ve crapped my pants.”
“Unfortunately I cannot help you with that problem,” smiled Doctor Wacky, popping up with a couple syringes in his hand.  “But I can solve your zombie problem.”
“You have a way out of here?” I asked.
“There’s the door to the east hallway right behind that mess,” said Doctor Wacky.  “But I have a grander plan.”
“Today, wacko!” I demanded.  “Before the zombies break through and eat us!”
“My newest creation,” smiled Doctor Wacky, trying to hand me a syringe.  “Recently developed to give our guests the full Necrozoic Park experience.  So I now present to you . . . your escape plan!”
“Are you gonna let go?” I asked, trying to take the syringe.
“Sorry,” giggled Doctor Wacky.  “My fingers are a bit sticky.”
“And why are your fingers sticky?” I asked.
“My fingers are sticky too,” giggled Liam, showing me his slimy finger tips.  “You wouldn’t believe what the two of us were doing in the closet with our hands.”
“To each other?”
“Oh yeah,” smiled Liam.  “Doctor Wacky started off first by touching me all over my body with his hands.  And then I touched Doctor Wacky all over his body with my hands.  And then we finished together by touching each other all over the place with both of our hands until they got super sticky.  Our fingers just kept getting stickier and stickier until I almost couldn’t get my fingers off of Doctor Wacky.  But finally I got off Doctor Wacky.  And now we’re here.  With sticky fingers.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” said Miwa.
“Sticky fingers!” smiled Doctor Wacky, wiggling his fingers.  “We were in the closet milking ideas out of my unused experiments.  And we were able to create a sticky finger virus.  Just inject that syringe into your buttocks, or really anywhere on your body will do.  And before you know it, you’ll have sticky fingers!”
“But why were you two idiots touching each other in the closet?” asked Miwa.
“Just for fun,” giggled Doctor Wacky.  “We got bored while waiting for the virus to develop.”
“So you were touching each other before the virus was ready?”
“Yup,” said Liam.  “Doctor Wacky thought we should make a couple more doses for you guys.  So we were trying out our new fingers while we waited for your sticky finger potion.”
“Okay,” I sighed in relief.  “So your fingers are sticky from the virus?  Not from—?”
“Sticky fingers!” giggled Liam, putting his entire sticky hand on my face.
“Ugh!” I gagged, swatting the sticky fingers off of my face.
“So are you interested?” smiled Doctor Wacky.
“I’m gonna have to turn down your offer,” I said, handing my syringe back to Doctor Wacky.  “There may be zombies, but nothing in this world will ever get me to inject myself with one of your experiments.  I think I’ll take my chances on ground level with the zombies.”
“So do you like sticky fingers, Miwa?” asked Jason.  “Would that make me sexier?”
“Uh no,” said Miwa.  “Why the hell would I wanna be touched by sticky fingers?”
“Then I guess we’re all staying on ground level with the zombies.”
“Goodbye then, and good luck, old friends,” said Doctor Wacky before climbing up the wall to escape the reach of the zombies.
“See you later, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam, following the mad scientist up to the ceiling.  “I’ll report back to you on the behavior of our zombie attractions.”
Thud!  Thud!  Thud!
“Barricade’s coming down!” warned Jason as the heavy file cabinet tumbled over.
Boom!
“Run!” I panicked as two dozen zombies swarmed into the Bizarre Experiments Lab.  “Time to escape!”
“Behind that mess!” said Miwa, pointing to a pile of junk blocking the door to the east hallway.  “Clear the door so we can get the hell out of here!”
“Go on, Miwa!” said Jason.  “I’ll hold the zombies off!  I’ll protect you, my love!”
“Well don’t get yourself killed,” said Miwa.  “I don’t care if you’re a hero.  I’m still not marrying you!”
“We’ll see about that,” grunted Jason, grabbing a lab stool to attack the swarm of zombies.  “Zombies!  Be warned!  Jason Wong is now a manly man!  Jason Wong shall defend Miwa Ling!  Jason Wong shall attack you with stool so that Miwa Ling may live!  And Miwa Ling shall learn to love Jason Wong!”
“What are you, a damn caveman?” said Miwa, unbarricading our escape door to the east hallway.  “Are you gonna bop me with your stool too, and take me as your cavewoman bride?”
“Die, zombie!” grunted Jason, swinging his stool at the zombie swarm to hold them off.
Whack!  Whack!  Whack!
“Look at me, Miwa!” said Jason, going berserk on the zombies.  “I’m killing your colleagues for you!  Am I still not good enough for marriage?”
“I’m not marrying you!” said Miwa.  “Imagine how stupid my children would be.  A mother with a PhD and MD.  But a father with only a PhD?”
Whack!
“Psychology degree not good enough for you?” said Jason, taking his frustration out on a zombie skull.  “Well at least I’m not a mad scientist!  I didn’t create zombies!  No, but I’m the one who has to kill the zombies!”
Crunch!
“Sorry about your head, doctor zombie!” said Jason, cracking open the zombie’s skull.  “Cause of death?  Blunt force trauma to the skull!  Fatal brain damage!  Did you know that, Miwa?  Probably not!  Because you’re not a psychologist!  Nope!  But Jason Wong is a psychologist!  And he knows how to kill zombies!  Brain damage!  How do I know that?  Because I work with brains!  And I have a brain!  I’m a psychologist!  Known in the apocalypse as Jason Wong the Analyzer!”
“Interesting,” said Doctor Wacky, watching the action from the ceiling.  “Maybe we can have zombie slaying tournaments at Necrozoic Park.  Every week, a fierce challenger is pitted up against a horde of terrifying zombies.  So forget the morning news.  Maybe we can get a show on pay-per-view.  Something educational for the children to enjoy.”
“How about zombie dinosaur hunting?” said Liam.  “It’s not animal cruelty if the attractions are already dead.”
“Shall we continue the tour?” asked Doctor Wacky, crawling towards the open door.  “See what our attractions are up to elsewhere in the Lab?”
“Bingo!” said Liam, following Doctor Wacky out of the Bizarre Experiments Lab.  “Hey, good luck, Doctor Wu!  Keep up the good defense!  And you might wanna watch out for that zombie sneaking up on you!”
“Ahhh!” shrieked Jason as zombie teeth bit down on his shoulder.  “Miwa!  I’ve been bitten!  I’ve been wounded for you!  For my love!”
“Stop being a hero, Jason!” said Miwa, removing the last of the junk away from the east hallway door.  “I’m still not marrying you!”
“Any zombies?” I asked, inspecting the east hallway through the window before opening the door.
“I’m coming, Miwa!” said Jason, fighting his way out of the zombie swarm’s grasp.  “Your love is coming!  Have you fallen for me yet, Miwa?”
“Will you hurry up and get your butt through the door!” said Miwa as Jason sprinted through the Bizarre Experiments Lab.  “Because don’t think I won’t leave you behind!”
“Whoa!” gasped Larry, the refrigerated truck driver, as we fled into the east hallway.  “Where in the frick’n hell did you people come from?”
“Secure that door!” ordered Doctor Alphonso.  “I thought we already had that access point blocked off?”
“People are still alive?” I asked.
“Twenty-five survivors in the east hallway,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “Thanks to you, now we have twenty-eight.  And if we’re gonna survive, we need everyone to get to work and pull their weight.  Or else you can go right back to where you came from.”

26
Emergency Gameshow Hotline

“I’ve kind of taken on a leadership role in the east hallway,” said Doctor Alphonso, touring us around the blocked off hallway.  “We were able to secure our access points in time to keep out the zombies, but that didn’t stop the survivors from breaking down and crying like babies.  If it weren’t for me, we’d probably all be dead.  These people owe me their lives.  And I sense they’re starting to look up to me for guidance.  As some kind of protective father figure.  Almost like a strong charismatic leader.  But all I wanna do is keep everyone alive.  It’s in my blood to look after people.  Probably because of my alpha manliness.”
“So we can hide out here until we get rescued?” asked Jason, concealing his zombie bite wounds.  “The hallway is safe?”
“We’ll have to check with our sentinels,” said Doctor Alphonso before shouting down the hallway.  “Doctor Tooley!  How are our defenses holding up at the north hallway access point?”
“Uh, we’re doing good?” said Doctor Tooley, monitoring the office furniture barricade securing the double doors between the north and east hallways.
“Excuse me?” said Doctor Alphonso.
“Sorry, sir!” said Doctor Tooley, straightening himself out.  “North hallway access point defenses remain at one hundred percent integrity!  Hostiles in enemy territory number fifty!”
“Fifty exactly?” asked Doctor Alphonso, requesting a precise answer.
“Yes?” said Doctor Tooley, about to pee himself.
“Doctor Boppenheimer!” shouted Doctor Alphonso down the other end of the east hallway.  “How are our defenses holding up at the south hallway access point?”
“Mike, why are you talking like a weirdo?” said Doctor Boppenheimer, guarding the barricade on the south end with a wooden baseball bat.  “Just call me Phil.  We’ve been friends for like fifteen years.”
“I am waiting for your response!” demanded Doctor Alphonso authoritatively.
“Everything’s exactly the same as it was five minutes ago,” said Doctor Boppenheimer.  “There’s still like fifty zombies in the south hallway.  And the barricade hasn’t gone anywhere.”
“Can I have the baseball bat now?”
“No,” said Doctor Boppenheimer, getting annoyed by his friend’s pestering.  “This is my Jose Slugger bat.  From my office.  That I brought from home.  As my weapon.  So go get your own weapon, Mike.”
“I’m gonna get that bat,” said Doctor Alphonso before continuing his rundown of the east hallway security defenses.  “Besides the north and south hallway access points, we have our two minor access points from the Bizarre Experiments Lab and the Genetic Engineering Lab.  But those single doors are a little easier to keep secured.  Still, that makes a total of four access points.”
“How about exit points?” I asked.
“No exit points,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “We’re on our own in the Lab.  Civilization has failed, and now your survival is in the hands of Doctor Alphonso.”
“Everything’s on frick’n lockdown,” said Larry, the refrigerated truck driver.  “The door at the top of the stairs.  The frick’n garage.  Locked shut.”
“Shut up, fatso,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “We have absolutely no food, and now we’ve got your fat mouth to feed.”
“Did somebody try the keypad?” I asked.  “To unlock the doors?”
“Obviously somebody tried the passcode,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “Are you questioning my leadership ability?”
“The keypad’s frick’n useless,” said Larry.  “No frick’n power.”
“What about the backup power?” I asked, heading over to the garage keypad.
“Backup power doesn’t do frick’n crap,” said Larry.  “It powers those frick’n fluorescent light bulbs.  But all the important stuff is dead.  Keypad?  Phones?  Frick’n dead.”
“Maybe we can just pry the garage door open?” I said, inspecting the garage door.
“Pry the garage door open?” laughed Larry.  “You try prying the frick’n garage door open, Kumar.  I almost pulled my frick’n back out trying to lift that slab of steel.”
“Larry, what are you doing here?” asked Miwa.  “I thought you were retiring?”
“Don’t even get me started,” said Larry, getting angry.  “The whole frick’n world is against Larry!  I wake up early to file my workers’ comp papers, and guess what?  My frick’n back decided to miraculously heal overnight.  So then I gotta hurry to pick up my frick’n load of blood to make my morning deliveries.  And I’m waiting right here for you and that weirdo kid to show up.  And then out of nowhere, everything starts beeping, and the frick’n garage door slams shut, nearly crushing me under a ton of steel!”
“So now you’re here?” I said.
“Well no frick’n duh, Kumar!” said Larry.  “Instead of collecting my workers’ comp checks, I’m locked in a frick’n science lab with frick’n zombies trying to eat me!”
“Sorry, Larry,” said Miwa.
“No frick’n problem,” said Larry.  “At least zombie injuries are covered by my workers’ comp insurance.  Maybe if I get bit I can finally frick’n retire.”
“You can always find the bright side,” laughed Miwa.
“That’s how you gotta live,” said Larry.  “Always have a positive frick’n attitude.  The last thing I need is to suffer a frick’n heart attack.”
“Kshhh!” went Larry’s work radio.  “Hey, Larry!  Where the frick’n hell are you?”
“About frick’n time, Moe!” said Larry, answering his radio.  “Too frick’n good for your own brother?”
“Don’t even start with me, Larry,” said Moe, the maintenance worker.  “I’ve been repairing a frick’n chewed up, punched up dorm room the whole morning.  It’s like some moron kid snuck a frick’n elephant into the dormitory and destroyed the entire room.  And then the frick’n facilities manager sends me over to the screwed up science building.  Because guess what?  Yup!  It got struck by frick’n lightning again!  And then I got you screaming over my radio like some kind of frick’n maniac.  Is that what you are, Larry?  A frick’n maniac?”
“Ah, go screw yourself,” said Larry.  “I’m locked in your frick’n science lab with a bunch of frick’n zombies.  So can you come and unlock the frick’n door please?”
“Unlock the frick’n door yourself,” said Moe.  “Jeez, do I have to do everything around this frick’n campus?”
“I don’t have a frick’n key, you moron!” said Larry.  “I need you to come down here and stick something in the frick’n hole to unlock the door!”
“Stick your own thing in the frick’n hole!” said Moe.  “I don’t have a key to the frick’n door!”
“Should I restart the power?” I asked.  “I know how to restart the power in the basement?  Will that do anything?”
“Who in the frick’n hell is that?” asked Moe.  “Larry, is that you with a frick’n Indian accent now?  Too much frick’n curry in your diet?”
“This is Doctor Reddy,” I said.  “The guy you showed how to restart the power last night.”
“Well then go ahead,” said Moe dramatically.  “Be my guest.  Restart the power.  Giggle your little heart out if it makes you happy.”
“Well you’re not restarting the power,” said Larry.  “Somebody might as well do your frick’n job!”
“Don’t you think I already thought of that?” said Moe.  “What do you think I’ve been doing for the past half hour?  Restarting the power isn’t gonna unlock those doors for you.”
“Then we use the keypad,” I said.  “Find a way to bypass the security measure and input the passcode to let us out of the Lab.”
“Nope,” said Moe.  “Keypad is completely locked down.  You’re dealing with top notch imbecile technology in that Lab.  Because one of you morons activated the emergency system and locked down the entire Lab.  And then your damn science building got struck by lightning for the hundredth frick’n time and lost power before the emergency system could transmit a signal to the CDC.  So now we’re on our own.  You guys are stuck down there until we get an electrician to cut the wires and short circuit the security doors.  But of course, to short circuit anything, we need you to restart the power first.”
“Wait,” said Miwa.  “So the CDC isn’t on its way to rescue us?”
“Nope,” said Moe.  “We’re on our frick’n own.  You’re not getting out of there until the electrician gets here.”
“Well ain’t that frick’n marvelous?” said Larry.  “And how long until you get a frick’n electrician?  Because we don’t have all day with these frick’n zombies!”
“What zombies?” asked Moe.
“The frick’n zombies!” said Larry.  “The real life frick’n zombies trying to eat me!”
“Zombies?” said Moe.  “You got zombies down there?  You know what, Larry?  You’re crazy.  You’re frick’n crazy!”
“He’s not crazy,” I said.  “There’s really zombies.  And we really need to get out of here before we get eaten.”
“Oh, so the curry man vouches for your sanity?” asked Moe.  “Well then I guess there must really be zombies down there, Larry.  Right from the movies, right?  Because you know Moe just believes any frick’n nonsense that comes out of your mouth.  A real gullible shmoe?  Yup, that’s Moe.  But seriously, you don’t really think I’m a shmoe, do you?  Moe the frick’n shmoe?  Well guess what, Larry?  Moe ain’t no frick’n shmoe!”
“Moe!” yelled Larry.  “I’m gonna get frick’n eaten down here!”
“There you go again with your lunatic ranting,” said Moe.  “Like you got the hardest frick’n job on the planet.  Well try keeping a university campus from falling apart for eight hours a day.  It ain’t easy, Larry!  I’m telling you, it’s a little harder than driving around in your frick’n ice cream truck!”
“I don’t drive a frick’n ice cream truck!” exploded Larry.  “I told you a hundred frick’n times!  I deliver blood to the frick’n vampires!”
“Yeah?” said Moe, trying to catch his brother in a lie.  “I thought you said they were zombies?”
“I don’t deliver to the frick’n zombies!” said Larry.  “I deliver to the frick’n vampires, and the frick’n vampires deliver to the frick’n zombies!  A whole frick’n blood distribution ring!”
“Sorry, Larry,” said Moe.  “I can’t help you with your nonsense today.  You got yourself messed up with the vampires, you can figure out where to find some frick’n garlic.”
“Moe!” yelled Larry.  “Get the frick’n doors open now or I’m gonna strangle the frick’n hell out of your frick’n neck when I get the hell out of this frick’n zombie lab!”
“It’s locked,” said Moe.  “You’re not getting out until our electrician gets here.  But before then, you need to restart the power in the basement so our electrician can short circuit the security system and fix your mess.”
“And we’re getting out of here today?” asked Larry.
“I don’t know,” said Moe.  “The electrician’s coming by the end of next week.”
“End of next week?” gasped Larry.  “I’ll be dead!”
“Sorry,” said Moe.  “I’m going on my lunch break.  So go ahead and restart the power for now and I’ll take another look later.”
“What’d I tell you?” said Larry, putting his radio away.  “Moe?  Frick’n useless!  Moe the frick’n shmoe!”
“How about the emergency phone?” I said, breaking through the emergency case in the east hallway to reach the phone.  “The emergency phone is still supposed to work without power.”
“Yeah, and who are you gonna call?” asked Larry.  “Ghostbusters?  Well we’ve got frick’n zombies!  The Ghostbusters don’t vacuum up frick’n zombies!”
“We’ll just call the CDC,” I said.  “Since our emergency didn’t transmit earlier, we’ll just ring them up now.  Tell them we have a little zombie problem.”
“Do not say the word zombies,” warned Miwa as I reached for the emergency phone.  “They’ll think we’re crazy and hang up.  And then nobody’s gonna be coming to our rescue.”
“Then what the heck do I say?” I asked, picking up the emergency phone.  “Undead?”
“Just keep it vague,” said Miwa.  “Stuff about dead people and blood everywhere, and live viruses getting loose.”
“Hello?” I said as the phone dialed to a preprogrammed number.
“You have reached the Emergency Gameshow Hotline,” said the operator.  “My name is Nancy.  You now have sixty seconds on the clock.  What is your emergency?”
“Um?” I said, trying to figure out quickly how to describe our emergency without sounding completely crazy.  “People . . . we have people—”
“Employee gathering?” guessed Nancy.  “Office party?  Birthday celebration?  Somebody just retired?”
“Somebody’s supposed to be retired,” said Larry, listening in on the call.  “But my back doesn’t seem to get the message.”
“I don’t know how to play this game,” I said, trying to think of the right words.  “We have people . . . lots of people . . . problem with people—”
“Hostile workplace environment?” guessed Nancy.  “Sexual harassment!  Co-worker groping!”
“Well that’s a separate issue,” I said.  “But no, listen, the people have the problem . . . walking . . . people walking . . . people walking around the lab—”
“Open-office model?” guessed Nancy.  “You workplace has an open-office model!”
“No, that’s the problem,” I said.  “People walking . . . people not supposed to be walking—”
“Employee misconduct?” guessed Nancy.  “Bad performance reviews!  Disciplinary action!”
“Okay, now we’re getting way off track.”
“Forty seconds on the clock!”
“Okay,” I said, starting a new strategy.  “Heart . . . heartbeat stopped . . . people no heartbeat—”
“Dead?” guessed Nancy.  “Dead people!  I see dead people!  The Six Sense!  M. Night Shyamalan!  Tongue twisters!”
“We’re getting closer,” I said.
“Thirty seconds on the clock!”
“Dead people,” I continued.  “Dead people walking . . . dead people no heart beat walking around lab—”
“Frankenstein?” guessed Nancy.  “Frankenstein’s monster!  Young Frankenstein!  Gene Wilder!  Oompa Loompas!”
“Close with Frankenstein,” I continued.  “But thirsty . . . blood . . . dead people seeking blood . . . killing . . . killing for blood—”
“Vampires?” guessed Nancy.  “Dracula!  Count Dracula!  Transylvania!  Blade!  Wesley Snipes!  Tax evasion!”
“What’s with all these movies?”
“Fifteen seconds remaining on the clock!”
“Not vampires,” I said, racing to beat the buzzer.  “Dumb . . . dead people dumb . . . stupid . . . back from the dead—”
“Mummies?” guessed Nancy.  “Egyptian mummies!  The sphinx!  Tom Cruise!  Scientology!  Tax fraud!”
“Nothing with taxes!” I panicked as the clock counted down.  “How about un—”
“No!” gasped Miwa as I prepared to say undead.  “No taboo words!”
“Five seconds remaining!” warned Nancy.
“What do we do!” I panicked.  “Dead . . . dead people . . . brain dead . . . eat people . . . flesh . . . flesh and blood . . . virus . . . chomp-chomp . . . Coral!”
“Zombies!” guessed Nancy.  “Rick Grimes!  The Walking Dead!  Zombies that are called everything but zombies!”
“Zombies!”
“You have zombies?”
“Ding-ding-ding!” I cheered.  “We have a winner!”
“Woo!” shrieked Nancy.
“What the hell is this crap?” said Larry.  “The ten thousand frick’n dollar pyramid?”
“Are you ready for round two?” asked Nancy.  “Now it’s your turn to guess.  And you said the zombies were created by a virus?”
“Yup, a zombie virus,” I said, trying to calm myself down for round two.  “Just take a deep breath, Sanjay.  We’re going for the big bucks now.”
“Sixty seconds on the clock,” said Nancy.  “Begin!  Switchboard . . . relay emergency . . . different number . . . different location—”
“You’re letting someone know about our emergency?”
“But who?” continued Nancy.  “Viruses . . . government agency . . . cure . . . emergency assistance . . . bunch of letters—”
“The CDC!” I guessed.
“Ding-ding-ding!” cheered Nancy.  “Two in a row!  That means we have a new reigning champion!  Usually our contestants get eaten before the second round.”
“Whew,” I sighed in relief after my big win.  “So how does this work now?”
“The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is on its way to address your emergency.”
“Well that was simple enough,” I said, taking a deep breath.  “Thanks again, Nancy.”
“Let me see that phone for a second,” said Larry, grabbing the emergency phone.  “Hey, Nancy?  Do you by chance have The Dating Game set up over the phone?  I’m kind of in the market for a woman.”
“One moment please,” said Nancy.  “Dialing in three bachelorettes to begin gameplay.”

27
Duel of Alpha Manliness

“I say we’ve been pretty lucky so far,” I said, hanging out in the east hallway.  “Things could be a whole lot worse.”
“How could this possibly get any worse?” asked Miwa.  “We’re trapped in a hallway by a horde of zombies.”
“Sometimes the zombies can be the least of your worries,” I said.  “Society breaks down pretty quickly during the zombie apocalypse.  One day we’re all fighting the zombies side by side to restore order.  And then the next day you’ve got villains and psychos rising up from the madness to claim power in a new undead world.  And before you know what hit you, you’re getting your skull bashed open by a bat wrapped with barbed wire.”
“Well don’t get any ideas,” said Miwa.  “It’s not the end of the world yet.”
“Don’t worry about me,” I said.  “I think we’re pretty safe in the Lab.  As long as there aren’t any psychos mixed in with our group of scientist colleagues.  It’s mostly the biker gangs and hardened criminals that you’ve gotta look out for.”
“So then what do we do now?” asked Miwa.  “Just sit tight and wait to be let out by the CDC?”
“Sounds like a good plan to me,” I said.  “Take a cue from professor booger eater and try to make yourself comfortable on the floor.”
“Speaking of boogers,” said Jason while laying sprawled out across the floor.  “I’m not feeling so well.  I’m like really lightheaded.  And everything’s spinning.  And I’m feeling nauseous.  And did I say everything’s spinning?  I’m thinking maybe it was something in the spaghetti last night?  Or maybe it’s just all the blood I’m losing?”
“Holy crap?” gasped Miwa, noticing the large chunk of flesh missing from the back of her boyfriend’s neck.  “Jason, what the hell happened to your neck?”
“I don’t really remember,” said Jason.  “I think I was fighting zombies for you.  And I think I won.  Yeah, I think I saved our lives, Miwa.  I was a manly man.  I got bit by a zombie for you.  So what do you say, my love?  Do you wanna be my bride now?  Because I think I’ve still got the ring somewhere.  Don’t you wanna live happily ever after?”
“Not with you,” said Miwa.  “Honestly, I was kind of planning on breaking up with you.”
“What do you mean?” said Jason.
“We’re finished, Jason,” said Miwa.  “You and me?  It’s over.”
“But we’ve been together for six months,” said Jason.  “That’s half a year.”
“And that was more than enough,” said Miwa.  “It was great in the beginning.  But then you started getting creepy after you met my mother.  You just had to get all serious.”
“Miwa,” pleaded Jason.  “It’s supposed to be Jason and Miwa forever.  The romance between us?  Everything we’ve done together?  How am I supposed to move on?”
“Just ask out one of the psychology professors,” said Miwa.  “How about Dixie?”
“No,” sobbed Jason.  “I already went out with Dixie Schlong.  And I found out the hard way.  The hard way!  She’s not really a woman!”
“Hey, can somebody get us some bandages?” shouted Miwa.  “My ex-boyfriend’s kind of bleeding out of his neck!”
“Zombie bite?” gasped Doctor Alphonso, stopping dead in his tracks.  “He’s been bitten by a zombie?  Oh no!  This isn’t acceptable!  We need to take action!”
“Relax,” said Miwa.  “Why are you going crazy?”
“We must kill him now!” roared Doctor Alphonso.
“What?” gasped Miwa.  “What the hell are you talking about?  He’s not a zombie!”
“But he will be a zombie,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “That’s how zombies work.  Once you get bitten, you turn into a zombie and kill everyone.  So we must kill him now!”
“Are you a moron?” said Miwa.  “You literally work on HDNARV.  You know how the provirus works.  The genes aren’t expressed until after he dies.  I’ll keep an eye on him.  Just help me keep him alive until we find a cure.  So like I said.  Can somebody please get me some damn bandages to stop his bleeding!”
“We can’t take chances,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “I’m not taking chances!  As leader of the survivors, I must keep my people safe!”
“Get away from him,” warned Miwa, threatening the crowd of two dozen scientists.  “All of you, back away!  Nobody touches Jason!”
“So you do love me?” asked Jason, looking up into his love’s eyes as his consciousness slowly faded away.
“Shut up,” said Miwa, using some bandages to stop the bleeding on her ex-boyfriend’s neck.  “I’m patching you up, and then you’re on your own.”
“Who’s with me?” asked Doctor Alphonso, trying to rally support.  “We need rules in our new society!  And we’ll start with rule number one!  No infected in the East Hallway Sanctuary!”
“Society?” said Miwa.  “What the hell are you talking about?”
“If we’re gonna survive, we need to stand strong against the undead,” said Doctor Alphonso, solidifying his position as leader.  “And there needs to be rules!  Rules that will keep us alive!  Rules that will keep EHS strong in this new apocalyptic world!  Rules determining life and death!  And I say that man needs to be executed!”
“Are you insane?” said Miwa.  “We don’t just kill people!”
“Who the hell put you in charge?” I asked.  “Don’t you think maybe we should vote?”
“EHS is not a democracy!” said Doctor Alphonso.  “We need a leader who is strong!  A leader who can make the hard decisions!  A leader who can lead!”
“Miwa,” panicked Jason, still losing lots of blood.  “Don’t let him kill me.”
“I did not choose to be leader of EHS,” said Doctor Alphonso humbly.  “EHS chose me!  The strongest amongst us survivors!  Your alpha male!  And now your ironfisted leader!”
“Okay, now I’m getting scared,” I whispered to Miwa.  “Somebody needs to do something.”
“There must be a hierarchy in our new society!” said Doctor Alphonso.  “The men shall kneel to me!  And the women shall be my brides!  Anyone who opposes me shall be executed!  So with that being said, who’s with me!”
“I’m with you,” muttered Doctor Tooley, about to pee his pants.  “If you’re the alpha, maybe I can be your number two?”
“Doctor Tooley is my number two!” said Doctor Alphonso.  “Kneel to him, or you will die!”
“Okay, I’m kneeling,” I said, scared for my life.  “Miwa, we should probably kneel now.  No reason to die over professor booger eater.”
“Can I be your number three?” asked Doctor Boppenheimer, still wielding the wooden baseball bat from his office.  “Your right hand man?  Personal bodyguard?  Enforcer?”
“Give me the bat,” ordered Doctor Alphonso.
“No,” said Doctor Boppenheimer.  “This is my bat.  Signed by Jose Slugger.  Slipped right out of his hands during the game and clunked me on the head up in the stands.  Now it’s my weapon against the zombies.”
“I won’t ask you again,” said Doctor Alphonso.  “That bat is mine now.”
“But it’s my bat,” said Doctor Boppenheimer.
“Number Two,” said Doctor Alphonso, snapping his fingers.  “Relieve this traitor of my Jose Slugger bat.”
“Phil, can I have the bat?” asked Doctor Tooley.  “Just let the guy hold it for a couple minutes until we sort this whole thing out.”
“Fine,” said Doctor Boppenheimer, letting go of his signed baseball bat.  “But can you try not to scuff it up?  The bat’s really important to me.  It’s like the coolest thing in my office.”
“Here you go, Doctor Alphonso,” said Doctor Tooley, handing the wooden bat over to our leader.
“Not Doctor Alphonso,” said the dictator.  “You will all address me as Supreme Alpha.  Show me respect, or you will die!”
“Don’t you think we’re getting a little carried away?” said Doctor Boppenheimer.  “I mean, they’re gonna let us out of here in a couple minutes.”
“Silence!” said Supreme Alpha.  “We must make an example of those who defy us.  East Hallway Sanctuary cannot stand strong unless Supreme Alpha has full support for his leadership.”
“Supreme Alpha,” whispered Doctor Tooley.  “What does that mean?”
“Execution!” said Supreme Alpha.  “Everybody kneel!”
“Hey!” yelled Larry, still playing The Dating Game over the emergency phone.  “Can you shut up!  I’m trying to hear bachelorette number three!”
“Kneel!” demanded Supreme Alpha, pointing his bat at Doctor Boppenheimer.
“Mike, what the hell are you doing?” said Doctor Boppenheimer, slowly kneeling down.  “This isn’t funny anymore, Mike.”
“Nobody look away!” said Supreme Alpha.  “You must all witness the punishment for defying Supreme Alpha!  If you fail to kneel!  If you fail to do as ordered!  If you fail to do what needs to be done to keep EHS strong!  You shall be executed!”
“Mike,” said Doctor Boppenheimer, looking up in confusion.  “I think you’re going a bit overboard—”
“Silence!” said Supreme Alpha, swinging down with the wooden baseball bat.
Bop!
“Ow!” cried Doctor Boppenheimer, taking a hit right to the top of his skull.  “Mike, what the hell are you doing—!”
Bop!
“Ow!” whined Doctor Boppenheimer.  “Mike, that really hurts—!”
Bop!
“Ow!” cried Doctor Boppenheimer.  “Seriously, Mike.  Why are you hitting me so damn hard?  This isn’t funny anymore.”
“You are a traitor to EHS,” said Supreme Alpha.  “And so you must die!”
“Die?” gasped Doctor Boppenheimer.  “Mike, what are you talking about?  You’re not really gonna kill me?  We’re best friends.  I watch the game with you every Sunday night.  Our kids go to the same middle school.  They even play on the same little league team.  Is this some kind of sick joke?”
“It’s too late for you,” said the ironfisted dictator.  “You have defied Supreme Alpha and threatened the strength of East Hallway Sanctuary!  Our past lives mean nothing now that we live in the apocalypse!  We must be strong to survive!”
Bop!
“Holy crap, Mike!” yelled Doctor Boppenheimer.  “Are you trying to crack my head open?”
“Die!” grunted Supreme Alpha, swinging as hard as possible with the wooden bat.
Crack!
“Mike?” muttered Doctor Boppenheimer as blood started trickling down from his cracked skull.  “Mike, I’m not feeling so good—”
Crack!
“Let this be a lesson to all of you!” said Supreme Alpha, addressing his subjects while murdering his best friend.  “I am your leader!  And you shall obey me!”
Crunch!
“Hurgh!” vomited Doctor Tooley as the psychopath completely bashed his friend’s skull open.
“Now who else defies Supreme Alpha?” asked the madman, looking around for anyone failing to kneel.
“Okay, so if you could make love to any animal?” giggled Larry, asking ridiculous questions to his three bachelorette contestants over the emergency phone.  “No, wait!  If you could make love to any animal that can be found in the dry goods section of a grocery store?  Which animal would it be and why?”
“Why are you not kneeling, fatso?” asked Supreme Alpha, turning to find the overweight refrigerated truck driver completely focused on his dating game.  “I command you to kneel!”
“Hold on, bachelorette number two,” said Larry, turning around annoyed.  “Hey, what the hell did I frick’n tell you about shutting your god damn frick’n mouth!”
“Traitor!” roared Supreme Alpha, pointing his bloody bat at Larry.
“What the hell?” said Larry, noticing the bashed up scientist on the floor.  “What the hell did I miss?”
“We’re in a dictatorship,” said Jason, barely clinging to life.  “You have to kneel to the psycho or he’s gonna bash your skull open with the wooden bat.”
“Kneel!” demanded Supreme Alpha.  “Your punishment shall be execution!”
“Execution?” said Larry, getting annoyed.  “Hold on, bachelorette number two.  I gotta deal with a frick’n nutcase over here.”
“You have failed to obey my commands!” said Supreme Alpha.  “Now you shall suffer at my iron fist!  Kneel so that you may be executed!”
“Are you frick’n kidding me?” said Larry, having enough of the nonsense.  “I ain’t kneeling to no frick’n crazy vampire!”
“Larry, we’re not vampires,” said Miwa.  “We don’t drink the blood you deliver.”
“Then what’s this frick’n weirdo doing, bashing peoples’ heads open!”
“Miwa, I think I’m dying,” mumbled Jason, losing too much blood.  “I want you to know that I love you, Miwa.  Even if you don’t love me, I love you.  And I could die happily knowing that I sacrificed my life so that you may live.”
“Shh,” hushed Miwa.  “I’m not marrying you, Jason.  Now shut up.  I’m trying to watch the show.”
“I thought I’d give it one last try,” sighed Jason.  “No, but seriously, Miwa.  I really think I’m dying over here.  Do you think you can try to patch me up a little better before I bleed to death?”
“Oh my god,” said Miwa annoyed.  “You’re like such a little baby.”
“But, Miwa,” whined Jason.  “I’m dying.  Help me, Miwa.”
“Kneel, fatso!” ordered Supreme Alpha.
“Listen, vampire!” said Larry, storming up to the dictator.  “Tell me what in the frick’n hell is so god damn important that you need to interrupt me when I’m trying to decide which one of the three frick’n bachelorettes I should take on a date!”
“Back away!” warned Supreme Alpha, holding his bloody bat out to keep a safe distance from the angry truck driver.  “Back away, or you shall be executed where you stand!”
“Why don’t you go shove that bloody splinter up your hairy crap canal?” yelled Larry, diving through the air to tackle the dictator to the ground.
Thud!
“Ooh!” groaned Supreme Alpha as the fatso landed on top of him.  “Number Two!  Rescue me!”
“I’m coming, Supreme Alpha!” said Doctor Tooley, grabbing the dropped baseball bat before racing over to join the fight.
“Don’t you frick’n move,” warned Larry, stopping the second in command with just his stare.
“Sorry, Mike,” said Doctor Tooley.  “You’re on your own.”
“Who in the frick’n hell do you frick’n think you are,” grunted Larry, wailing on the toppled dictator with his fat fists, “locking me in a frick’n zombie infested science lab, and then having the frick’n nerve to tell me that I gotta bow down to your frick’n skinny—”
Crunch!
“Ahhh!” cried the fallen dictator with blood dripping down his face.  “Please, stop!  You’re hurting me!  I think you broke my nose!”
“Interrupting my frick’n game show?” grunted Larry, pounding the bloody face with one fat fist after another.  “When I’m talking to bachelorette number two!  How frick’n dare you!”
Whack!
“I’m sorry,” sobbed Mike, taking a fat fist right to his jaw.  “Please, stop hurting me.  EHS doesn’t have to be a dictatorship.  We can be a democracy.  And I don’t have to be supreme alpha.  Maybe I can just be president.”
“Hey, Kumar!” said Larry before turning around.
“Me?” I asked.
“No, the other frick’n Indian!” said Larry.  “Yes, you!  Can you pick up that phone and tell bachelorette number two that I’ll have to call her back.  I’m a little busy teaching this frick’n vampire a lesson!”
Whack!
“I’m sorry,” sobbed Mike in a puddle of blood.  “I just wanted to keep us strong.  Keep us alive.  Bring order to East Hallway Sanctuary.  I never meant for it to go this far.”
“Frick’n vampires!” grunted Larry with one more punch before releasing the defeated leader.
“All hail Supreme Alpha,” said Doctor Tooley, kneeling down before Larry.  “Our new supreme alpha male.”
“What the hell is this frick’n crap?” said Larry as all the survivors kneeled down to him.
“You are our new leader,” said Doctor Tooley.  “You have challenged Supreme Alpha in a duel of alpha manliness and risen triumphant!  Now you are Supreme Alpha!”
“What the hell does that mean?” asked Larry.
“You are our dictator,” said Doctor Tooley.  “And we are your servants.  The men shall kneel to you.  And the women shall be your brides.  Anyone who disobeys you shall die!”
“Dictator?” smiled Larry.  “Hey, I could get used to this, baby.  Maybe this zombie thing isn’t so bad for Larry.”
“Miwa?” muttered Jason with his last breaths.  “Miwa, where are we?”
“Seriously, Jason?” said Miwa annoyed.  “Do you always have to talk during the best part of the show?  You know this is why we never go to the movies.  You’re just so damn inconsiderate.”
“Goodbye, Miwa,” exhaled Jason before slipping away.
“Jason?” whispered Miwa.  “Jason, are you still alive?”
“Uh oh,” I said.  “Miwa, I think professor booger eater just died.  And if he turns, he’s not gonna be hunting for boogers anymore.”
“Jason?” said Miwa as her ex-boyfriend’s eyes slowly reopened with a blank stare.  “Hey, are you dead?  You better say something quickly before we crack your head open.”
“Are you hungry for boogers or brains?” I asked, slowly scooting away from the zombified ex-boyfriend.  “Or brain boogers?  Miwa, I think your psycho boyfriend is a zombie.  You better scoot away before he starts picking your nose to reach your brain.”
“Ahhh!” panicked Miwa as her zombified ex-boyfriend scrambled to his feet and headed straight for Larry.
“What in the frick’n hell are you people screaming about now?” asked Larry, slowly turning around to face the zombie.  “Your dictator would like a little peace and quiet if you don’t mind.  Can we try to make this as easy a job as possible for me please?”
“Larry, look out!” warned Miwa as the zombie reached out to grab Larry.
“And who in the frick’n hell beat you up?” asked Larry before turning back around to find the old dictator.  “Did you bash this guy too?  Because if you got a problem keeping your frick’n hands to yourself, I’ll come right back over there and give you a nice frick’n whooping!”
“It wasn’t me,” cowered Mike, the overthrown dictator.  “I warned you.  He’s turned into a zombie.”
“This guy’s a zombie?” asked Larry, turning back around to face the undead ex-boyfriend.  “You’re a zombie?”
Crunch!
“Ahhh!” screamed Larry as the zombie bit down on his shoulder.  “Son of a frick’n ugly mother and magical cloud genie!  This guy’s a frick’n zombie!”
“Number Two to the rescue!” said Doctor Tooley before whacking the zombie on the head with the wooden baseball bat.
Whack!  Whack!  Whack!
“Protect Supreme Alpha!” said Doctor Tooley, bashing the zombie’s skull open on the floor.
“Yippee!” cheered Larry, doing a little dance after the zombie pulled a chunk of flesh off his shoulder.  “I’m retiring, baby!  Try denying my workers’ comp now!  I’ve got a frick’n zombie bite!  While on the frick’n job!”
“Are you still strong, Supreme Alpha?” asked Doctor Tooley, bashing up the rest of the zombified ex-boyfriend with the wooden bat.  “Can you still fulfill your role as alpha male?”
“The Supreme Alpha is weak!” said Mike Alphonso, stumbling back to his feet with blood dripping down his face.  “I challenge Supreme Alpha to a rematch!  It is time for a new Supreme Alpha!  One who can keep East Hallway Sanctuary strong!”
“Ah, shut the hell up!” said Larry, popping the challenger on his broken nose.
Crack!
“Ahhh!” cried Mike, collapsing back to the floor in even more pain.  “My nose!  My nose!  Oh my nose!”
“Check our frick’n defenses, Number Two,” ordered Larry.  “One zombie is more than enough for one frick’n day.  So you better make sure nothing else tries to bite me, or else I’m breaking your frick’n nose next.”
“I’m on it, Supreme Alpha!” said Doctor Tooley, inspecting our barricaded access points.
“I’m sorry about professor booger eater,” I said, scooting closer to Miwa.  “If you need someone to comfort you, I’m right here for you.”
“Sanjay, get the hell away from me,” said Miwa.  “My boyfriend just turned into a zombie and got his skull bashed open.  Can I maybe have a little space please?”
“I thought you didn’t love him?”
“Sanjay,” said Miwa, pointing to the soup of blood all around the bashed up zombie.  “My boyfriend for six months?  He’s kind of all over the place.  Can you give me a little time to recover?”
“So how long are we talking about?” I asked.  “Ten minutes?  A day?  What are you doing tonight?”
“Tonight?” said Miwa.  “Oh I don’t know.  Maybe getting eaten by zombies!”
“Speaking of eating,” I said.  “Are you gonna be hungry later?  Because there may be availability at that fancy discount restaurant you like.  I know some guy who won’t be able to make his reservation.  He’s just gonna be all over the place.  Do you know what I mean?”
“Uh hello?” said Miwa.  “Did you forget we’re literally trapped in the basement?  Surrounded by the undead?”
“This isn’t actually the basement,” I said.  “Well, this technically is a basement.  But there’s a basement below us too.”
“Are you frick’n done, Kumar?” said Larry.  “You said you knew how to get the power back on?  So do you think you can maybe shut the hell up for a couple minutes and get to frick’n work?”
“I don’t wanna go down to the basement,” I said.  “It’s creepy down there.  You go down to the basement.  Who put you in charge of giving out orders?”
“Because I’m Supreme Alpha,” said Larry.  “Your dictator?  Remember?  How I beat the living crap out of that dweeb?  And I have the power to execute anyone who disobeys me?”
“Yes, my lord,” I said, heading down to the basement to restart the power.  “Your wish is my command, Supreme Alpha.”

28
Operation Cheez Doodle

“Well that wasn’t so bad,” I said after cranking the obsolete generator and flipping the circuit breaker switch to restart the power from the basement.
“Are you sure your heart is okay?” asked Miwa.
“Oh sure,” I said sarcastically.  “Ten thousand volts of electricity straight through my body is exactly what I needed to reenergize.  In fact, I might even quit drinking coffee altogether.  It’s a lot cheaper to just stick a pair of scissors into an outlet.”
“Well if you’re done fooling around, can we get out of this dark basement now?” asked Miwa.  “I think the door to the east hallway is right up ahead.  Somewhere at the end of this curvy path through all this basement junk.”
“I’m telling you right now,” I said.  “If we lose power again, don’t count on me coming back down to this basement.  This is not the place to get trapped with zombies.  I can hardly see anything, and there’s crap and junk all over the floor.  I’d sure like to know which moron carved this path.  Do you think he ever heard of a straight line?”
“Upstairs is still safe,” said Miwa, reentering the East Hallway Sanctuary.
Eeeee!  Eeeee!  Eeeee!
“My ears!” cried Mike Alphonso, cowering in the fetal position.  “Please, make it stop!”
“What’s his problem?” asked Miwa.
“You,” said Larry, our Supreme Alpha.  “Great job turning the power back on.  But did I tell you to restart the frick’n emergency system?  Because now we’ve got flashing lights and frick’n beeping noises!”
“I have an update for Supreme Alpha,” said Doctor Tooley.  “With the phones back online, we were able to make contact with Doctor Pauly Marino in office thirty-three.”
“Does he know how to open the garage?” asked Larry.
“No,” continued Doctor Tooley.  “But we need to build networks with the other survivors in order to keep East Hallway Sanctuary strong.  Doctor Pauly Marino is the only survivor beyond our borders we know of who has not yet fallen to the undead hordes.  If we can establish a trade route with office thirty-three, maybe we can rebuild society one office at a time and restore order in our new apocalyptic world.”
“Trade routes?” I said.  “How are you getting past all those zombies?”
“We use the basement,” said Doctor Tooley.  “The basement has two access doors.  One in the east hallway and one in the west hallway.  We can travel through the basement, emerge in the west hallway, and make contact with Doctor Pauly Marino in the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven.”
“And what are we trading?” asked Larry.  “We already have enough paperwork.  What I need is food.”
“That can be arranged, Supreme Alpha,” said Doctor Tooley.  “I hear Doctor Pauly Marino keeps in his office a stash of Cheez Doodles.”
“Then what are we waiting for?” smiled Larry.  “I want trade routes established right away with the Office Thirty-Three Save Haven!  No matter the cost!  Operation Cheez Doodle is a go!”
“Do you have any idea how many zombies are out there?” I said, looking out the window to inspect the south hallway.  “There’s gotta be at least fifty zombies on this side.  And probably another fifty in the north hallway.  Plus however many zombies are roaming around the rest of the Lab.  Going out there is suicide!”
“Do I hear seeds for rebellion!” said Mike Alphonso, trying once again to rally support for his leadership.  “We must oppose Supreme Alpha!  Together we must rise up and cast away our shackles!  Overthrow our dictator and install a new, stronger leader!  Restore Doctor Michael Alphonso to power!  Your true Supreme Alpha!”
“Ah, put a sock in it,” said Larry, popping the rebel on the nose again.
Crunch!
“Ahhh!” shrieked Mike, cupping his broken nose with both hands.  “Why do you keep hurting me?  What have I ever done to you?”
“Returning to our discussion on trade routes,” said Doctor Tooley.  “I anticipate minimal obstacles blocking our successful establishment of a secure route.  Most of the zombies seem to be building up around our two main hallway entrances.  And the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven is located in the west hallway.  That means our encounter with hostile elements between the basement door in the west hallway and the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven should be minimal.”
“Speaking of zombies,” I said, inspecting the office furniture piled around the double doors between the east and south hallways.  “Are you sure this barricade is strong enough to keep out the zombies forever.  I mean, how long can those doors hold against a fifty zombie horde?”
“Our defenses are strong,” said Doctor Tooley confidently.  “Our perimeter has been secured to eliminate the risk of zombie invasion into East Hallway Sanctuary.  Besides, those zombies are slow and weak.  It would take much more than a horde of zombies to plow through that barricade.  It would take something heavier.  Something heavier and more powerful.  Like a giant hunk of high-powered metal.”
“Cy-Buzz 2.0 seeking to murder surviving robo-nerds!” said the cybernetic robo-warrior from the Biotechnology Lab.  “Analyzing fifty-three undead organisms!  Targets Acquired!  Twenty-one robo-nerds!  Preparing to murder!”
“What the hell is that?” said Miwa, peeking through the window on the barricaded double doors.
“Is that the robot?” I asked.  “With the giant buzz saws?”
“Oh my god!” gasped Miwa as the robot charged down the south hallway straight for the horde of zombies on the other side of the door.  “We found your giant hunk of high-powered metal!”
Bzzzzz!
Slice!  Slice!  Slice!
“Holy crap!” I gasped, watching the buzz saw robot slice through the horde of zombies at full speed.
“East Hallway Sanctuary has a new ally!” cheered Doctor Tooley from right behind the barricade as the murderous robot rammed into the double doors.  “Long live East Hallway Sanctuary!”
Bam!
“Uh oh,” gasped Doctor Tooley as the half ton metal robot blasted through the barricade with spinning blades.  “EHS does not have a new ally!  EHS has a new enemy!”
“Run!” yelled Larry as the double doors flew open, clearing the way for the buzz saw robot and two dozen zombies to funnel into the east hallway.  “Retreat to Lab Fifty-Two Regroup Point!”
“Ahhh!” screamed Doctor Tooley, watching in horror as the killing machine charged straight for him.
Bzzzzz!
Slice!
“Ahhh!” shrieked Doctor Tooley as the buzz saws sliced through his legs and left him helpless on the floor for half a dozen zombies to swarm around his bleeding body.  “Somebody help me!  Supreme Alpha!  Number Two requires assistance!”
“Doctor Michael Alphonso warned you of your weakness!” said Mike before stumbling back onto his feet.  “You needed a strong leader to protect East Hallway Sanctuary!  A strong leader like Doctor Michael Alphonso!  A true alpha male!”
“Ah, shut it,” said Larry, knocking the power hungry scientist back down to the ground before racing to hide in one of the small labs.
“Ahhh!” shrieked Mike, scrambling on the floor as zombies swarmed around to bite chunks of flesh off his wounded body.  “You’re all doomed!  How will you survive without your alpha male?”
“Miwa, run!” I said, pulling my love away from the growing horde of zombies in the east hallway.
“Where are we going?” asked Miwa, looking around frantically for a safe haven as the undead spread out in the overrun East Hallway Sanctuary.
“Basement!” I said, opening the door to the basement as zombies blocked our path to the rest of the survivors.  “I hear the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven still stands strong!  And has Cheez Doodles!”

29
Incredible Gecko-Man

“Did you lock the door?” asked Miwa, racing through the dimly lit basement to find the door leading to the west hallway.
“I shut the door,” I said.  “That should be good enough unless the zombies learn how to use door knobs.”
“You better hope they don’t,” said Miwa.  “Because if we get trapped with zombies in the dark, there’s no way we’re making it out of this basement alive.”
“Well let’s just say we’re lucky we’re not dealing with sprinting zombies,” I said.  “Or those creepy zombies that climb up walls and crawl around on the ceiling.”
“I guess we got lucky with one thing in our zombie virus,” said Miwa.  “I never thought I’d say it, but thank goodness for rigor mortis.”
“Rigor mortis?” I said.  “What about Sanjay Reddy?”
“Which Sanjay Reddy?” asked Miwa.  “The one who accidently created zombies?  Or the one who’s still alive because of rigor mortis.  Oh, wait, they’re the same moron.  So you better start thanking rigor mortis for keeping your zombies at a slow one mile per hour pace.”
“More like four miles per hour,” I said.  “So how much longer do you think until the zombies drop dead?”
“Depends on how much blood they consume,” said Miwa.  “Brain cells need a constant supply of oxygenated blood to maintain neural function.  But muscle cells can metabolize anaerobically as long as glucose is available.”
“So how long are you talking?” I asked.  “Without an external blood supply, how long do you think a zombie can survive?”
“Depends how efficient the cells are at consuming the limited blood already in the zombie,” said Miwa.  “Eventually, the muscle cells will use up their available glycogen.  Without ATP to release the actin-myosin bonds, the muscles will start to get stiff.  Starting with the extremities.  Giving the zombies their notable stiff corpse-like hands.  And then eventually the rest of the body will stiffen once the zombie runs out of the energy needed to fuel its muscles.  At that point, the zombie will be frozen stiff and unable to chase down any new prey.  Then we just wait for the brain cells to deplete their blood supply and slowly deteriorate.  So first rigor mortis, and then brain death.”
“So how long?” I asked.  “Days?  Months?  Years?”
“Probably not long,” said Miwa.  “The zombies would have to consume a whole lot of blood to remain fully active.  An unlimited supply of blood would allow aerobic metabolism throughout the body since there would be enough oxygenated blood to fuel the muscle cells.  So hypothetically, a zombie could survive indefinitely like our test subjects if it consumed enough blood.  However, with a limited supply of blood, the zombies should slowly deteriorate until they lose the strength to hunt down the necessary oxygenated blood to fuel their brains.”
“Okay, now you’re not gonna like this next question,” I said.  “But how permeable is the gastrovascular cavity in a zombie’s mouth?”
“Very permeable,” said Miwa.  “That’s the only way to get blood through the tissue and into the brain.”
“Now I know the gastrovascular cavity can’t digest food,” I said.  “But what about absorbing oxygen?  Do you think oxygen can pass through the gastrovascular cavity and reach the brain?”
“Oh crap,” said Miwa.
“And if the rest of the zombie’s body is permeable, how easy would it be for oxygen to make its way through the extracellular mush and fuel all of the zombie’s cells?”
“So I guess these zombies aren’t dying anytime soon,” said Miwa.  “Well, the good news is the zombies don’t have a circulatory system.  So that means oxygen can only spread throughout a zombie’s body to extent of diffusion, or whooshing.  But still, the zombies do need a constant supply of blood to survive, or else there won’t be anything to metabolize.”
“So thank goodness for rigor mortis?” I said, making my way through the dimly lit basement.  “At least our zombies are slow.”
“Thank goodness,” said Miwa.  “Now let’s get out of this basement before any zombies figure out how to use door knobs.  Because even if the zombies are slow, there’s no way we’re surviving against a horde of zombies in a dark cluttered basement.”
Creak!
“What the hell was that?” asked Miwa, turning around to face the sound of a creaking door.
“The door knob,” I said.  “I believe the zombies have learned how to use the door knob.”
“How is that possible?” asked Miwa.  “I thought our zombies were dumb?”
“They said the same thing about the velociraptor,” I said.  “But look what happened at Jurassic Park.”
Clack!  Clack!  Clack!
“Zombies!” I panicked as shadows funneled into the basement.
“Shh,” hushed Miwa.  “Shut up so the zombies can’t hear you.”
“Miwa, I don’t think that’s gonna work,” I whispered.  “If the zombies have enough brain function to walk around and kill people for blood, don’t you think they might have enough brain function to elevate their senses so they can seek out fresh meat in the dark?”
“Like the movies?” said Miwa.  “Heightened sight and hearing?  To trap us in the dark?  We’re doomed?”
Clack!  Clack!  Clack!
“Oh my god,” panicked Miwa, noticing something crawling on the ceiling.  “Sanjay, what the hell is that thing?”
“Holy crap!” I gasped.  “You mean the monster crawling on the ceiling with the green eyes?”
“Run!” screamed Miwa, sprinting through the basement to escape with her life.
“Miwa,” I sobbed.  “What happened to rigor mortis?”
“No more rigor mortis,” said Miwa.  “Maybe the zombies found our stash of pig blood and drank enough oxygenated blood to loosen up their muscles.  So now there’s a zombie crawling across the ceiling, just like those creepy movies.”
“Make that two green eyed zombies crawling on the ceiling!” I panicked.  “And one of them’s got giant muscles like some kind of demon!”
“Hee-hee-hee!” laughed the skinny monster.
“Ahhh!” I screamed, picking up my speed.  “Miwa, the creepy monsters are gaining on us!”
“Nowhere to hide!” said the skinny monster.  “We can see you!”
“Why are you talking?” I cried.  “Zombies aren’t supposed to talk!”
“We’re not zombies,” laughed the skinny monster.  “But there are a bunch of zombies right behind you!  So you better run!  Unless you wanna get eaten!”
“Hurry, Miwa,” I said, running for my life.  “The monsters are about to attack!”
“Hee-hee-hee!” laughed the skinny monster as it dropped down from the ceiling.
“Ahhh!” screamed Miwa, stopping dead in her tracks as the monster landed in the middle of our path.
“Gotchya!” laughed the muscular monster from the ceiling.
“Ahhh!” I screamed.  “Miwa, kill the monster!”
“Fascinating, aren’t they?” said the skinny monster.
“Oh yeah,” laughed the muscular monster.  “What do you think, Doctor Miwa?”
“Excuse me?” said Miwa.
“Our attractions?” said the skinny monster.  “What do you think of the zombies?”
“Doctor Wacky?” I asked.
“Bingo!” said Liam from the ceiling.  “And guess who I am, Doctor Sanjay.”
“What the hell are you idiots doing?” I yelled.  “You nearly gave me a heart attack!”
“We’re watching the attractions,” smiled Doctor Wacky.  “The scare factor of these zombies is off the charts.  Slow, but deadly.  We’ve been following the attractions’ path of carnage throughout the Lab.”
“We even took off our shoes,” giggled Liam.  “Not only do we have sticky fingers, but we’ve also got sticky toes!  Just like Spider-Man!”
“Not quite Spider-Man,” said Doctor Wacky.  “More like The Incredible Gecko-Man!  Superpowers include sticky fingers, and the ability to save you fifteen percent or more on car insurance.  Unfortunately, I have not yet been able to sequence the right set of genes to achieve such a level of savings.”
“We’re gonna have one sick park!” said Liam.  “We’re gonna have zombies!  We’re gonna have dinosaurs!  We’re gonna have zombie dinosaurs!  And we’re gonna have battles!  Once a week we’re gonna have T-Rex versus zombie T-Rex!  Who will win?  The prehistoric?  Or the living dead!”
“So if you’re not monsters,” said Miwa, “then why the hell are your eyes green?”
“Night vision goggles,” giggled Liam.  “So we can watch the action in the dark!”
“Night vision?” said Miwa.  “So can you tell us which way is the door to the west hallway?”
“The door would be that way,” said Doctor Wacky.  “But I suggest you hurry.  You have only a three second head start on the attractions.”
“The attractions?” said Miwa confused.  “You mean the zombies?”
“Doctor Miwa!” warned Liam.  “Look out behind you!”
“Ahhh!” screamed Miwa, taking off for the door as the zombies finally caught up.  “Run, Sanjay!”
“Toodaloo!” said Doctor Wacky, using his sticky fingers and toes to climb back up to the ceiling to escape the zombies.
“See you later, Doctor Sanjay,” said Liam, still crawling around on the ceiling.  “We’ll talk more about our park layout plans the next time you’re not in such a hurry.  But mark your calendar.  We’re hoping to have Necrozoic Park up and running by the second quarter next year!”
“I found the door,” said Miwa, racing up the stairs on the west side of the basement.  “Just keep your voice down, and maybe it’ll be clear in the west hallway.”
“Maybe we should’ve tried the sticky finger virus,” I said as Miwa slowly opened the door to the west hallway.  “It sounds pretty gross, but it can’t be as bad as being hunted by zombies.”
“Area looks clear,” whispered Miwa, sneaking into the west hallway.  “Stay close, Sanjay.”
“I’m right behind you,” I said, closing the basement door to trap the zombies.  “Just keep very quiet, and tiptoe down to the Office Thirty-Three Save Haven.  I could so go for some Cheez Doodles right about now.”
“Ahhh!” screamed Miwa as a zombie stumbled out of an office.  “Behind you, Sanjay!”
“Ahhh!” I panicked, trying to fight off the lunging zombie.  “Miwa, help me!”
“Hiya!” shrieked Miwa, karate kicking the zombie to the ground.
“Wow,” I said impressed.  “I didn’t know you knew Taekwondo?”
“I’m Asian,” said Miwa.  “All Asians know Taekwondo.  It’s in our blood.  Passed down by our butt whooping ninja ancestors.  And if it weren’t for our HR department, I would’ve whooped your butt a long time ago.”
“Then you lead the way,” I said, pointing south down the west hallway.  “Onward to the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven.”
“I don’t think so,” panicked Miwa as a swarm of zombies turned the corner and headed north.  “We need to find another safe haven.”
“How about the Sanjay Reddy Safe Haven?” I suggested, pointing in the opposite direction.
“Since when do you have a safe haven?”
“My office,” I said, leading the way.  “You and me.  We’ll start a new post-apocalyptic society in my office.  But of course that means we’ll need to get married and have children to repopulate the world.”
“I’m warning you, Sanjay,” said Miwa, making a fist.  “I will punch you so hard.”

30
Medieval Drag Queen

“Hello?” I said, making a call on my office phone.  “Is this the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven?”
“This is Doctor Pauly Marino?” said Pauly.  “Are you Doctor Reddy?  Sanjay?”
“This is Lord Reddy of the Sanjay and Miwa Reddy Safe Haven,” I said, taking out a notepad as if I were making an important business call.  “I am inquiring whether you are friend or foe to our new community.  So what be thy desire?  Friend or foe?”
“Are you in the Lab, Sanjay?” asked Pauly.  “Because I’m kind of trapped in my office with a couple zombies banging down my door.  Do you think you can help me out?”
“Are you asking the Sanjay and Miwa Reddy Safe Haven to render aid to the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven?”
“Sanjay, is that you?” asked Pauly.  “Why do you sound like King Arthur?”
“If you request assistance from the Sanjay and Miwa Reddy Safe Haven, then you must show respect and address me as Lord Reddy.”
“Sanjay, I can’t get anyone upstairs to help out,” said Pauly.  “I tried calling the Dean, but the guy is literally a caveman.  Between all his mumbling, it sounded like we’re waiting for an electrician to come sometime next week, and in the meantime they’re just doing what they can.  So we’re basically on our own with the zombies.”
“Foe it shall be then,” I said in my medieval English accent.
“How is he a foe?” asked Miwa.
“He has failed to address me as Lord Reddy and so now he is an enemy to the Sanjay and Miwa Reddy Safe Haven.”
“Miwa Reddy?” said Miwa.  “I’m not your wife, Sanjay.  I can still go to HR.”
“I advise you to prepare for war, President Marino,” I said before hanging up the phone.
“What a great waste of time,” said Miwa.  “Do you think you can try calling someone important now?”
“Way ahead of you,” I said, dialing another number.  “Greetings, East Hallway Sanctuary!”
“Who in the frick’n hell are you?” answered Larry, the refrigerated truck driver.
“This is Lord Reddy of the Sanjay and Miwa Reddy Safe Haven,” I said.  “Is this the leader of the East Hallway Sanctuary?”
“Not anymore,” said Larry.  “I’m Supreme Alpha.  Dictator of Lab Fifty-Two Regroup Point.  We lost our east hallway territory to the undead.”
“So you have not yet recovered your lands?”
“Wait, hold on, tell me again,” said Larry.  “Who in the frick’n hell are you?”
“I am Lord Reddy,” I said in my best medieval accent.
“What are you, frick’n English?”
“Lord Reddy is Indian—”
“Oh!” laughed Larry.  “You’re frick’n Kumar?  Well good to hear from you Lord Reddy!  I’ve been trying to restore order after the casualties we suffered during the Frick’n Invasion.  That’s the official name I gave to the battle.  And we lost a good dozen of our people during the chaos, bringing our total numbers down to ten.  Fortunately, that ten includes six ladies.  Though one is a bit hairy.”
“Excellent to hear, Supreme Alpha!” I said.  “Lord Reddy sends many blessings to Lab Fifty-Two Regroup Point!”
“Sanjay, keep your damn voice down,” whispered Miwa.  “The zombies can all hear you through the door.”
“I’m actually glad you called, Lord Reddy,” said Larry.  “I’ve attempted to establish a trade route with the Office Thirty-Three Safe Haven to get some of the guy’s Cheez Doodles.  But President Marino has been hostile to Lab Fifty-Two Regroup Point.  Unfortunately, I believe he wishes to be an enemy.”
“I have had similar troubles with President Marino,” I said.  “I believe the people of the Sanjay and Miwa Reddy Safe Haven and the people of Lab Fifty-Two Regroup Point must stand together against our common enemy, and smite out this threat once and for all!”
“That’s it,” said Miwa, grabbing the phone from my hands.  “You’re done, Sanjay.”
“Miwa, no!” I gasped as she slammed the phone down.  “You’re gonna destroy our relationship with Lab Fifty-Two Regroup Point!”
“You’re like actually a child,” said Miwa.  “We’re trapped by a horde of zombies in a locked down lab, and this whole nightmare is like some kind of game to you, just having a conversation over the phone with a refrigerated truck driver like you’re the Queen of England.”
“Queen of England?”
“You sound like a medieval drag queen!”
“So I take it you don’t agree with the direction of my leadership for our new society?”
“What?” said Miwa.  “Sanjay, this isn’t a society.  Open your eyes!  We’re trapped in your damn office!”
“But we can make something of this office,” I said, beginning my inspirational speech.  “We can create a new world.  From the ashes of the apocalypse, we shall emerge triumphant as the founders of a new civilization.  A civilization built to restore order and prosperity in the wastelands of an undead planet.  We shall create a society greater than anything the world has ever known.  And we shall do it for our fellow man.  We shall do it to bring hope to the hopeless.  To bring shelter to the shelterless.  To bring security to the . . . the—”
“Insecure?”
“To bring security to the insecure!” I said, raising my fist into the air.  “The world shall come to know a marvelous civilization!  A civilization started right here in this tiny office!  A civilization built by Sanjay and Miwa Reddy!”
“Oh my god,” sighed Miwa.  “Sanjay, I’m not your wife.”
“I am Lord Reddy,” I said sternly.  “Leader of the Sanjay and Miwa Reddy Safe Haven.  As such, you shall obey my commands.  And I command you to be my wife.  And I command you to have my children so that we may rebuild our society.”
“Oh yeah?” said Miwa before going crazy.  “Well I’m Queen Ling!  And I command you to pick up that damn phone . . . and frick’n call someone . . . who can get us the frick’n hell out of this frick’n zombie infested basement!”
“Okay,” I panicked, scrambling to grab the phone.  “I am at your service, Queen Ling.  Who do you wish me to call?”
“Kshhh!” came static from my desk drawer.  “Proffy, you there yet?”
“Raj!” I said, answering my walkie-talkie.  “Raj, where are you?”
“Me and Giuseppe are in the lobby,” said Rajaroni.  “Actually, everybody’s kind of in the lobby.”
“Do you see an electrician?” I asked.
“You mean a poweroni guy?” asked Rajaroni.  “No, there’s no poweroni guy.”
“Then who’s in the lobby?”
“Literally everybody else but the poweroni guy,” said Rajaroni.  “Students, professors, the dean.  I think we’re getting pretty close to maximum occupancy for the lobby.  A real fire hazard.  There’s no way we’re all getting out of the building in time if there’s actually an emergency.”
“Forget those people,” I said.  “What about us?  Is anyone trying to get the doors open?”
“I don’t think so,” said Rajaroni.  “They told us to evacuate the building because of the emergency alarm, but . . . it’s raining.  Seriously, who’s gonna stand outside in a thunderstorm?  Giuseppe could catch a cold.  And I’m not walking all the way back to my dorm in the pouring rain.  They’re probably just gonna let us go back up to class in like a minute or two anyway.  Why?  What’s going on with you, Proffy?  You guys running out of air down in the Lab?”
“The air’s not the problem,” I said.  “We’ve got more than enough air because the problem is nobody’s breathing down here anymore.”
“Why, did you rip one?”
“What?”
“It’s alright, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “Happens to everyone.  Though I usually try to hide mine in your office so nobody else has to smell them.”
“What!” I snapped.  “Raj, do you know how many calls I made to maintenance, complaining about the crap smell I thought was coming out of my vents.”
“Whoopsy,” said Rajaroni.  “But I couldn’t do it near the rataroni people.  That would’ve been an extra variable that I couldn’t account for.  But now that I’m thinking about it, maybe I can divide them into two groups and—”
“Raj, you gotta get the doors open!” I said.  “You gotta get us out of here before they eat us!”
“The rataronies?” asked Rajaroni.  “Just give them some spaghetti and meatballs—”
“Not your rats!” I yelled.  “The zombies!”
“What zombies?”
“The one’s trying to eat me and Miwa!”
“Like real zombies?” asked Rajaroni.  “You have real zombies?”
“Yes, Raj!” I cried.  “We have real zombies who are trying to eat us!”
“Proffy,” whined Rajaroni.  “We were supposed to create the zombies together!  You and me!  Internaroni and mentoroni!”
“Sorry, Raj,” I said.  “Kind of had a little accident with HDNARV.”
“Ooh, you’re gonna be in so much trouble,” said Rajaroni.  “Just wait until Doctor Albrecht finds out what you did this time.”
“Doctor Albrecht is dead.”
“Dead-dead?” asked Rajaroni.  “Like deadaroni?”
“Like undead,” I said.  “Doctor Albrecht is a zombie.  Doctor Fetzer is a zombie.  In fact, I think just about everyone in the Lab is a zombie except for me and Miwa.”
“How about the old guy in the big office?” asked Rajaroni.
“Probably,” I said.  “Like I said, everyone’s dead.”
“Can I have the big office?” asked Rajaroni.  “I’m really accumulating a lot of paperwork on my Rataroni Genus Project.”
“You can have the entire Lab if you want,” I said.  “Just get me the hell out of here before we get eaten!”
“Okey dokey, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “So you got the passcode to open the doors?”
“You can’t use the passcode,” I said.  “We triggered the emergency system, so the whole keypad is on lockdown.  The only way to get the doors open is to hotwire the wires.  So can you go ahead and stick your hand into the compartment thingy behind the keypad and rip out all the wires?”
“Okey dokey, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “I’ll get the doors open for you.  And I’ll try to keep your whole zombie accident a secret so nobody finds out you messed up again.  But while you’re waiting, Proffy.  Do you think you could maybe finish up my little letteroni?”

31
Cannibalistic Munchies

“Frick’n science lab,” grunted Moe, ripping the keypad off the wall in the lobby.  “I’m gonna short circuit the frick’n hell outta you.”
“Boo!” said Rajaroni, popping up behind Moe.
“Whoa!” gasped Moe.  “And who in the frick’n hell are you?”
“I’m Rajaroni the internaroni!”
“The frick’n who?” said Moe.  “Wait, I remember you.  You’re the frick’n weirdo from last night!”
“No, I think you have the wrong guy,” said Rajaroni.  “I’m the internaroni!”
“Perfect,” said Moe.  “You see that little hole behind the keypad where you can stick your arm into the wall?  Well why don’t you go ahead and stick your arm through the hole and start feeling around for wires.”
“Okey dokey, misteroni,” said Rajaroni, reaching his arm into the wall without asking any questions.
“Feel anything?” asked Moe.  “Wires?  Lots of wires?”
“Nah, there ain’t nothing but hole.”
“Okay,” shrugged Moe.  “I tried my best.  The scientists can just hang out for a week until the electrician gets here.”
“No, there’s gotta be another way,” said Rajaroni.  “We gotta get the doors open to the Lab.  We can’t just leave Proffy downstairs with a bunch of zombies.”
“You too with the frick’n zombies?” said Moe.  “What’s with you people believing all this nonsense?  One moron says zombies, and ten minutes later everyone’s screaming apocalypse.”
“Nah,” said Rajaroni.  “Proffy’s pretty smart.  If he says he made zombies, I think he made zombies.”
“Well if you ask me, I think you people are pretty frick’n stupid.”
“What do you mean you people?” came a voice from Rajaroni’s pocket.  “We ain’t stupid anymore!”
“What in the frick’n hell was that?” asked Moe.  “You wearing a frick’n wire?”
“That’s Giuseppe,” said Rajaroni.
“And who in the frick’n hell is Giuseppe?”
“Doctor Giuseppe Gustavo,” said Rajaroni.  “My latest injection was successful.  The rataronies have finally learned to speak human languages.”
“Are you talking about rats?” asked Moe.  “Because rats scare the frick’n hell outta me.”
“I’m talking about the rataroni people,” smiled Rajaroni, pulling the fat rat out of his pocket.  “Say hello!”
“Hello!” said Giuseppe with a friendly wave.
“Ahhh!” screamed Moe before running for his life.
“You know the deal, Giuseppe,” said Rajaroni before shoving his obese rat into the wall.  “Find the wires and chew them up.”
“Okey dokey, Rajaroni,” said Giuseppe, crawling into the wall to find the wires.
“And you might wanna take cover after you short circuit those wires,” said Rajaroni.  “There’s gonna be zombies everywhere.”
“Okey dokey, Rajaroni,” said Giuseppe from inside the wall.  “Anything for my meatballs.”
Zap!
“Yikes!” shrieked Giuseppe after biting through the electrical wires.
Beep!  Beep!
Whoosh!
“Uh oh,” panicked Rajaroni as the doors to the Lab swung open, releasing a horde of zombies into the lobby.
“Doctor Fetzer?” said Kimberly, standing up from the floor after noticing her undead mentor marching at the front of the zombie horde.  “Doctor Fetzer, are you okay?  Why are you bleeding?”
“Excuse me,” said Rajaroni, making his way up to the second floor.  “I gotta get to some higher ground.”
“Ahhh!” shrieked Kimberly as the swarming horde of zombies attacked the group of students hanging out by the open doors to the Lab.
“Attention human people and rataroni people!” shouted Rajaroni from the second floor balcony overlooking the lobby.  “Now that the cat is out of the bag!  Or more accurately, now that the zombies are out of the Lab!  You should be aware that the zombies are out of the Lab!  In other words, Proffy created real zombies, so you should all start running for your lives!”
“Ahhh!” screamed the crowd of students as the horde of zombies swarmed from both sides of the lobby and attacked anything with a heartbeat.
“Proffy?” said Rajaroni over his walkie-talkie.  “You still alive?”
“Raj?” I said.  “Did you get the doors open yet?”
“Oh yeah,” laughed Rajaroni.  “And it’s not looking good for the student body.”
“Why, did the zombies get loose?”
“It’s feeding time,” said Rajaroni.  “Fortunately for the zombies, there’s five hundred students in the lobby.  Unfortunately for my classmates, the whole lobby is a fire hazard and now there’s a bottleneck at the exit.”
“And where are you?” I asked.
“I’m watching the action safely from the second floor,” said Rajaroni.  “Got me some front row seats to the bloody horror.”
“Is it that bad?” I asked.  “Is everyone getting eaten?”
“Mostly,” said Rajaroni.  “Almost a hundred zombies came out the east and west sides of the Lab.  But there’s gotta be way more than a hundred zombies by now.  One person falls, and another zombie rises.”
“Observations, Raj,” I demanded.  “We need to learn what kind of zombies we’re dealing with.  Observe everything.  Speed?  Level of awareness?  Reanimation time?  Heightened senses?”
“They’re zombies,” said Rajaroni.  “Slow clumsy zombies eating anyone they can grab.”
“Reanimation time?” I asked.  “How long between death and undeath?”
“No more than fifteen seconds,” said Rajaroni.  “Kid gets bit and collapses to the floor.  Zombies swarm around to eat his flesh.  After a couple seconds, the zombies turn away to find new prey.  And then finally the kid stumbles to his feet and joins the hunt with the rest of the pack.”
“Why aren’t the zombies eating each other?” asked Miwa.
“That’s not how zombies work,” I said.  “Zombies don’t eat the undead.”
“But the zombies still have blood,” said Miwa.  “There needs to be some sort of explanation.”
“Let the CDC figure it out,” I said.  “For now, I think the simplest explanation is that life finds a way.”
“Oh my god, Sanjay,” sighed Miwa.  “Do you not understand at all how life works?”
“I’m just saying the zombies need to be studied in a controlled environment,” I said.  “We did most of the work with HDNARV.  And then a mutation took care of everything else in the genome to give us a zombie virus.  I mean, it really wouldn’t have taken much to create bloodthirsty monsters.  Just alter a couple base pairs in the sequence and our undead test subjects could’ve gone from sucking on blood tubes to chewing on human flesh.  Just a simple mutation, and our creation goes from undead to zombie.”
“Proffy, you got any popcorn?” asked Rajaroni.  “We’re getting to the gruesome part of the show now.  There’s blood and guts flying everywhere in the lobby.  Students are panicking.  Girls are shrieking.  Boys are peeing in their panties.  And the zombies are still having a good ole time.  Munching down the last of the student body.”
“Keep observing,” I said.  “Study their five senses.  Do they seem heightened?  Which senses do the zombies seem to be relying on the most?  Sight?  Hearing?  Smell?”
“I’m gonna say touch and taste,” said Rajaroni.
“Touch and taste?” I asked.  “What, are the zombies groping and licking people?  Are you watching zombie erotica?”
“Proffy, are you familiar at all with zombies?” asked Rajaroni.  “They’re just like in the movies.  The zombies grab you and then they bite you.  Touch and taste.”
“That’s not touch and taste, Raj!” I snapped.  “That’s eating!  But how do the zombies find their prey?”
“They grab you!” said Rajaroni.
“No!” I cried.  “How do the zombies know who to grab?  Are they looking around with their eyes?  Are they listening with their ears?  Are they sniffing with their nose?”
“All of the above?” shrugged Rajaroni.  “They’re just your typical zombies.  They grab you and then they bite you.  All to satisfy their cannibalistic munchies.”
“Great observations, Raj,” I said sarcastically.  “So how many zombies are there now?”
“A good sized horde,” said Rajaroni.  “Maximum occupancy for the lobby is about five hundred.  So since the lobby is completely packed, I’d say there’s gotta be close to six hundred zombies.”
“So everybody’s dead?” I asked.
“Not everyone,” said Rajaroni.  “A couple dozen students made it up to the second floor in time and blocked off the stairs.  Now we’re just holding out upstairs until the zombies take their show on the road.”
“So all the zombies are packed in the lobby?” I asked.  “Do you think maybe we can sneak out the garage?”
“If you wanna die,” said Rajaroni.  “Some of your zombies escaped out the garage, and then they touched and tasted the couple dozen students who fled out the front door.”
“So we’re trapped in the Lab?” I asked.  “There’s no way out past all the zombies?”
“Nope,” said Rajaroni.  “The building is completely surrounded by zombies, and there’s an entire undead horde packed in the lobby.  So for now, I think your best option is to wait out your accident downstairs.  I’ll let you know when it’s safe to come up.  I’ll keep my eyes peered for an escape route.”

32
Easy-Peasy Extraction

“So, Miwa,” I flirted as we waited out the zombie accident in my office.  “What are you doing when we get out of here?”
“Probably start looking for a new job,” said Miwa.  “This Lab’s probably getting shut down now that everyone’s dead.”
“No, not what you’re doing with your career?” I laughed.  “I meant what are you doing tonight, my love?”
“Oh my god,” sighed Miwa.  “Do you ever stop, Sanjay?  I told you, I’m not going out with you.”
“But, Miwa,” I whined.  “It’s the zombie apocalypse.  The end of the world.”
“And there’s still plenty of other men out there who are still alive.”
“Come on, Miwa,” I said.  “Just one date?  You know we only live once.  And we might not have much longer thanks to our little accident.  Just wait until the government finds out what we did.  We’re gonna be in so much trouble.  We might never even see each other again.”
“Well I’m not gonna be in trouble,” said Miwa.  “I was just responsible for animal testing.  You’re the one who was overseeing the project with Doctor Albrecht.  The CDC doesn’t need me.  But you?  They are definitely gonna lock you up when they find out you were responsible for the zombie apocalypse.”
“You really think it’ll be that bad for me?” I asked.  “I figured they’d treat me pretty well considering how smart I am.  I mean, now that Doctor Albrecht is dead, I’m basically the go-to-guy for HDNARV.”
“And you know how to inactivate your zombie provirus in an infected human?” asked Miwa.  “Or how to create a vaccine to prevent the spread of your zombie virus?”
“No,” I said.  “But I can just log onto Wikipedia.  That’s pretty much where I do all of my research.  I mean, I’ve really just been winging everything for the past ten years anyway.”
“Well no wonder you created a zombie virus,” said Miwa.  “I’ve warned you about consulting non-verified sources.”
“It’s not all bad,” I said.  “You know, I might be a hero one day.  Sanjay Reddy: the hero who saved the world from the zombie apocalypse.”
“Yeah,” laughed Miwa.  “After you destroyed the world first.”
“That’s beside the point,” I said.  “I’m gonna be a hero.  So what do you say, Miwa?  How about that little date?  Just one date?  That way you can say you once went out with the hero who saved the world.”
“Whatever,” said Miwa.  “Just get me out of here alive.  If you get me out of here today, we’ll go on one date.”
“Yippee!” I cheered.
“Shh!” hushed Miwa.  “There’s still zombies in the hallway, you moron.”
“Undead robo-nerd acquired!” said Cy-Buzz 2.0, slicing its way through the Lab.  “Must murder Team Robo Nerd!”
Bzzzzz!
Slice!  Slice!  Slice!
“You were saying?” I said as Cy-Buzz 2.0 cleared the area outside my office.  “It appears that murderous robot is our ally.  It won’t be long now before that hunk of metal slices through the remaining zombies.  And then when we get out of this Lab, you will have the night of your life.  With your love.  Sanjay Reddy.”
“Why do you have to be so creepy?” asked Miwa.  “Can’t you just stay focused and call someone important—”
“Kshhh!” went my walkie-talkie.  “Proffy, how you holding up?”
“Alive,” I said.  “But I’m kind of getting hungry.  President Marino won’t share his Cheez Doodles.  And we’ve got no water in my office.  So it won’t be long before we’re dehydrated.”
“Just drink your pee,” suggested Rajaroni.  “It’s very healthy for you.  In fact, I think it might even be vegan.”
“I’m not drinking my pee, Raj,” I said.  “Just find us a way out of here please.”
“Well here’s the deal, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “The building is still surrounded by the undead, and there’s about six hundred zombies packed in the lobby.  But if we come up with a good plan, you may be able to sneak past all of those zombies and reach safety on the second floor.”
“Sneak past six hundred zombies?” I said.  “Are you out of your mind?  That’s suicide.”
“Or is it, Proffy?” said Rajaroni.  “Because we have a little coinkydink.  You’re hiding out in your office on the west side of the Lab.  And I’m camped out on the west side of the second floor.  So all you gotta do is sneak down your hallway, climb the stairs up to the lobby, and then tiptoe quietly down the tunnel until I can extract you to safety.”
“And how are we supposed to walk through six hundred zombies?”
“Back it up a second, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “Fortunately for you, the survivors on the east side of the second floor are super loud.  That means all the zombies have their backs turned to the west side, so you can just tiptoe right up to safety.”
“That’s your plan?” I asked.  “I go up to the lobby, tiptoe down the tunnel, sneak behind the horde of six hundred zombies, and then climb up the stairs to safety on the second floor?”
“Well, not exactly,” said Rajaroni.  “There’s no room for you to reach the stairs to the second floor.  Even though the zombies all have their backs turned, there’s still six hundred zombies.  The lobby is literally at maximum occupancy.  The furthest you’re gonna be able to get is about halfway down the tunnel between the two west side staircases.  If you go any further, you’re gonna get munched on by your creations.”
“So we’re doomed?” I said.  “We’re just gonna starve to death down in my office unless those zombies miraculously disappear?”
“Hold your horses, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “You still didn’t hear my grand plan.  And I know you’re gonna love this one.  So maybe you can only make it about halfway down the tunnel.  But guess who’s gonna be right above you on the second floor balcony?  Me!  Your internaroni!”
“So my life is in your hands?” I sighed.
“Yup,” laughed Rajaroni.  “So here’s my plan, Proffy.  You’re gonna slowly creep up the stairs to reach the lobby.  Then you’re gonna tiptoe about halfway down the tunnel until I can see you from above.  But remember, you must not make any noise at all if you wanna live.  There’s gonna be a whole lot of zombies just standing around doing nothing in the lobby, and even the slightest sound will trigger their feeding instincts.  So remember, the trick is to be as quiet as possible, or else the horde of six hundred zombies is gonna turn around and chase you right back to your office.”
“I got it, Raj,” I said.  “Be very quiet.  But how am I getting to the second floor?”
“That’s where your internaroni saves the day,” said Rajaroni.  “You just slowly sneak about halfway down the tunnel.  And then I pull you up.  Easy-peasy.  Right to safety.”
“Easy-peasy?” I said.  “The distance is over ten feet.  How the hell am I gonna reach you?”
“You’re not,” said Rajaroni.  “But your girlfriend can.”
“How?” I said.  “She’s shorter than me.”
“You gotta do the math, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “You’re a little over five feet tall.  Your girlfriend is a little over five feet tall.  So together, that makes over ten feet of tallness.  All you need to do is hunch over a little, let your girlfriend climb up onto your shoulders, and then stand back up and stretch as far as you can.  Reach for the moon, Proffy.  And then I’ll just grab your girlfriend and pull her up to safety.”
“And then how do I get up there?” I asked.  “Whose shoulders do I stand on?”
“You have two options, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “One, you can grab a zombie and see if he’ll let you climb onto his shoulders—”
“What?” I gasped.  “Raj, are you out of your mind?”
“I thought you’d say that,” said Rajaroni.  “So your second option: we’ll use the flag pole.”
“What flag pole?” I asked.
“The little one right outside the cafeteria,” said Rajaroni.  “It’s a flimsy metal rod with the University flagaroni for school spirit.”
“Did you say flimsy?” I asked.
“No?” said Rajaroni.  “Either way, by time I pull your girlfriend up to safety, all the zombies are probably gonna start turning around to check out your grunting and gasping.  So we gotta move fast swinging you up over the horde.”
“With a flimsy pole?” I asked.
“I think I meant sturdy,” said Rajaroni.  “So here’s how the plan’s going down, Proffy.  I’m gonna angle down the flag pole so you can grab hold of the flagaroni.  And then I’ll just swing you up into the air by using the pole as a lever against the balcony.  That way you can dangle helplessly above a horde of zombies while your life rests in the hands of your internaroni.”
“You gotta be kidding me,” I said.
“Now for the best part,” said Rajaroni.  “I just reel you in with the flag pole and pull you to safety on the second floor.  A real easy-peasy extraction.  So what do you say, Proffy?”
“Maybe we’ll just wait it out in my office?” I said.  “Wait for help to arrive?  The CDC should be here soon with the military.”
“How long are you gonna wait?” asked Rajaroni.  “And where are you gonna go to the bathroom?”
“I don’t have to go to the bathroom,” I said.
“Maybe not yet,” laughed Rajaroni.  “But in a couple minutes?  Because your bladder can only hold out for so long before rupturing.  Little by little, the pressure will build up beneath your abdomen, until finally, your urge to pee becomes too unbearable to overcome.  And then boom!  You’re peeing in your panties, Proffy!”
“Raj, I don’t have to go to the bathroom,” I said.
“Okay,” said Rajaroni.  “Then just wait it out in your office if you can hold your bladder for a couple hours.  But you gotta remember one important thing.”
“What?” I asked.
“Try not to think about any kind of running water,” said Rajaroni.  “No little drippy drops dripping out of a drippy faucet.  No wild sprinkler systems spraying water all over creation.  No roaring waterfalls releasing thousands of gallons of fresh water.  Or more appropriately, try not to imagine the stormy monsoon rain pouring down around the University.”
“Miwa,” I whispered, starting to squirm.  “I gotta use the bathroom.  Like right now.”
“Just go in here,” said Miwa.
“Gross,” I cringed.  “Miwa, you can’t pee in your office.  That’s disgusting.  No, I gotta get to the bathroom.  We’ll go with Raj’s plan.  Second floor bathroom.”
“We’re waiting, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “I’m right above the tunnel on the west side.  Just say the word and I’ll pull you up.”
“We’re coming now,” I said.  “Just stay absolutely silent so none of the zombies turn around.”
“Radio silence,” said Rajaroni before turning off his walkie-talkie.  “Just give me a wave once you reach the tunnel.”
“Any zombies?” asked Miwa as I slowly opened my office door.  “Can we make it safely to the stairs?”
“Ahhh!” I panicked as a zombie popped out from behind my door.  “Miwa, kill the zombie!”
“It’s Caleb,” said Miwa as the zombified brownnoser lunged forward with his bloody mouth.
“Use your karate moves!” I said, shoving the zombie onto Miwa.  “Whoop his butt!”
“Ahhh!” screamed Miwa as the zombie tackled her to the ground and wrapped its bloody mouth around her neck.
“Oops,” I cringed.  “Miwa, do a roundhouse kick!”
“Ahhh!” shrieked Miwa as the undead brownnoser bit down on her jugular vein.
“No!” I cried.  “Miwa, you can’t die!  Not my love!”
“I’m dying,” sobbed Miwa from the floor.  “I can feel blood pouring out of my neck.”
“Why is this cruel world so unfair?” I sobbed.  “Give her another chance.  Give our love another chance!”
Crack!
“Don’t worry, Sanjay,” said Miwa, bashing the zombie’s head on the floor tiles.  “Just stand around doing nothing while I take care of the zombie.”
“You’re alive?” I smiled.  “Miwa, you’re alive!”
“That’s because this idiot has no teeth,” said Miwa, killing the zombie.  “Remember you knocked all of his teeth out of his mouth?”
“Ha!” I laughed.  “Take that you toothless brownnoser!  You’re nothing but a dumb hick!  That’s what you get for shoving your face up my butt!”
“What’d he do to your butt?” asked Miwa, wiping the zombie’s blood off of her neck.
“Just a figure of speech,” I said, continuing up to the lobby.  “But let’s hope none of the zombies heard you screaming.”
“I think we’re good,” said Miwa at the top of the stairs.  “The zombies are still distracted, so we just have to move fast.”
“Get ready to hop on my back,” I said, slowly sneaking down the tunnel to avoid drawing any unwanted attention.  “I’ll lift you up as soon as we get Raj’s attention.”
“Kshhh!” went my walkie-talkie.  “Proffy, you there?  Still alive and kicking?  Because I heard a lot of screaming coming from downstairs.  I just wanna make sure you’re still breathing.  And the plan’s still going smoothly.  Because remember what I said.  You need to be super quiet.”
“Raj, shut the hell up,” I whispered to myself, trying to turn off my walkie-talkie before the entire horde of zombies in the lobby turned around.
“Luckily for you,” said Rajaroni through the walkie-talkie, “all the zombies in the lobby were distracted by the loud folks on the east side.  I don’t think a single zombie paid any attention to your screaming.”
“Raj, shut up,” I whispered into my walkie-talkie.  “We’re literally right under you in the tunnel.  All the zombies can frick’n hear you on my walkie-talkie.”
“Really!” laughed Rajaroni.  “Proffy, you gotta hurry then before all the hungry zombies notice you on ground level!”
“Uh oh,” said Miwa, pointing down the tunnel as the entire horde of zombies turned to face the obnoxiously loud idiots.
“Raj!” I yelled.  “I’m gonna kill you!”
“Go!” said Miwa, racing down the tunnel so I could lift her to safety.
“Climb up, Miwa,” I said, lifting her by the legs so she could reach the second floor.
“Just like rock climbing,” said Rajaroni as Miwa climbed over the balcony.  “Make yourself at home in my hideout.”
“What about me, Raj!” I yelled as zombies funneled down the tunnel.
“Here comes the pole!” said Rajaroni, lowering the flag pole for me to grab onto.  “Heads up!”
Clunk!
“Ow!” I cried after getting clunked.  “My frick’n head, Raj!”
“Grab the flagaroni,” said Rajaroni.  “I’ll pull you up!”
“I’m on!” I said, wrapping my arms and legs around the pole just as the closest zombie reached out to grab me.  “Get me out of here, Raj!”
“Prepare for blast off!” said Rajaroni, using the pole like a lever against the balcony to swing me into the air.  “Just don’t look down, Proffy.  There’s nothing but death.  An entire ocean of zombies.”
“Ahhh!” I screamed, dangling for my life over a horde of bloodthirsty zombies.  “Where’s my extraction, Raj?”
“Bring it on home!” smiled Rajaroni, pulling in the flag pole.  “Couple more inches to safety!”
“I’m gonna kill you, Raj,” I grunted, grabbing hold of the balcony.  “Now somebody pull me over before I get eaten.”
“What’d I tell you?” laughed Rajaroni, showing off his flimsy flag pole.  “Easy-peasy.”
“Easy-peasy?” I snapped.  “What show were you watching?  You literally had me dangling over an entire horde of zombies!  Dangling!  And guess what, Raj?  I don’t have to use the bathroom anymore!”
“You peed your panties?” cringed Rajaroni.  “Gross, Proffy.”
“It was a joke!” I said.  “So no, I did not pee myself.  But I did almost crap my pants.  So if you will please excuse me, I will now go do number one and number two.  Before I completely soil my shorts.  So do you think you can manage to hold down the fort while I’m gone?  Or do I have to worry about being attacked by zombies while I’m sitting on the crapper?”
“Just hurry up and go to the bathroom,” said Miwa.  “The CDC will be rescuing us any minute.  And hopefully with some heavy firepower.”
Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  
“We’re saved!” cheered Rajaroni as a hail of bullets shattered the glass entrance to the lobby and tore through the zombie horde.  “Let’s roll in the special forces!  Clear out the Lab before my rataronies get gobbled up by any zombies!”
“About time,” said Miwa as a whole convoy of armored vehicles and helicopters pulled up outside the Biomedical Center.  “Just a couple more minutes until those monsters are all dead.  And then we can get the hell out of this bloody horror.”

33
Trigger Happy Madwoman

“Open the door!” squirmed CDC Agent Blaze, too pumped up with adrenaline to open the door of the armored truck herself while the rest of the CDC Special Forces stormed into the Biomedical Center.
“Relax, Blaze,” said CDC Agent Frost.  “Just calmly pull the handle to open the door.”
“We’re missing all the action!” panicked Blaze.  “There’s not gonna be any zombies left!  I’m not gonna get to kill any zombies!”
“There’s plenty of zombies,” said Frost, opening the door to exit the armored truck.  “Just stay cool, Blaze.”
“Cool?” laughed Blaze, sprinting towards the shattered glass entrance to the Biomedical Center.  “That’s not my name, Frost!  I’m going in guns blazing!”
“Did you check your hazmat suit?” asked Frost, chasing after his partner past the two dozen armored and blacked-out vehicles.  “Make sure everything’s secure with your equipment.  The virus could be airborne.  You don’t wanna spend another month in decontamination, do you?”
“Sorry, Frost,” said Blaze, aiming her high-powered assault rifle into the zombie infested lobby.  “I couldn’t hear you over the sound of my gunfire!”
“What gunfire—”
Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!
“Laser bullets!” cheered Blaze, reloading her new futuristic assault rifle before climbing through a broken window to enter the Biomedical Center.  “Outta the way, chumps!  Hazmat Squad coming through!”
Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!  Pop!
“Blaze, open your eyes!” warned Frost as his partner strolled nonchalantly through the crossfire of bullets being discharged by the CDC Special Forces.
“Check out this loser,” laughed Blaze, kicking around a crawler zombie.  “Hey, Frost?  Do you ever get carried away with bubble wrap?  You start off sneaking one little pop just for fun, feeling a little bit guilty for acting like a child.  And then before you know it, you’ve got the whole sheet scrunched up in your hands and you just can’t stop popping until every little bubble is squished!”
Crunch!
“What the hell was that?” asked Frost.
“That was a zombie skull,” giggled Blaze after stomping through a zombie’s cranium with her boot.  “Follow me, Frost.  I’ll flatten out a path for you to follow.”
Crunch!  Crunch!  Crunch!  Crunch!  Crunch!
“Blaze, I want you to know something,” said Frost, trying to keep up with his partner through the lumpy sea of zombie corpses.  “I’ve seen a lot of scary things during my service with the CDC Special Forces.  I’m taking about monsters, mutants . . . that Gary Busey clone with the chain saw.  But never in my life have I ever met anything as scary as you.”
Snap!
“Sorry, I couldn’t hear you,” said Blaze, ripping the head off a zombie.  “I was busy decapitating a zombie with my bare hands.”
Chomp!  Chomp!  Chomp!
“Hey, this critter’s still alive,” laughed Blaze before tossing the fully alive zombie head across the lobby.  “Heads up, Frost!  Catch!”
“Duck!” warned Frost as the chomping zombie head flew towards the other soldiers.  “Blaze, stop fooling around!  Somebody can get killed!”
“I’m focused,” said Blaze, trying hold in her laughter.  “I’m just kidding!  This is awesome!  We’re actually killing zombies!  Do you know how long I’ve been waiting to kill zombies?  And we’re not just shooting zombies!  We’re incinerating zombies with our new laser assault rifles!  This day is just a dream come true!”
“Focus on the mission,” said Frost, heading downstairs into the Lab.  “We need to search the lab for research notes and test results.  Anything useful to help us understand this zombie virus.”
“How about we look for case zero?” said Blaze.  “I’m telling you right now, there’s gonna be a little zombie girl hiding somewhere in the lab.  That’s how the zombie apocalypse always begins.  Some crazy scientist dude experiments on his daughter and turns her into a zombie.  And then everybody in the lab gets eaten.”
“First we need to eliminate the zombies in the lab,” said Frost.  “Clear the area so we can safely search the lab for documents.”
“Incineration time?” asked Blaze, lifting up her futuristic assault rifle.  “Blaze is locked and loaded!” 
“Look out!” warned Frost as a zombie turned the corner at the bottom of the stairs in the Lab.
“Burn, baby, burn!” laughed Blaze, pulling the trigger of her laser assault rifle.
Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!
“Holy crap!” gasped Frost as Blaze incinerated the zombie with thirty laser bullets.  “Seriously, Blaze?  An entire magazine for one zombie?”
“Oh yeah,” giggled Blaze with a big smile shining through her hazmat mask.  “Let’s do that again.”
“Stay focused,” said Frost, cautiously proceeding down the hallway in the Lab.  “We gotta move fast, Blaze.  Clear the zombies and collect the research so the decontamination squad can move in before local news shows up.  Maybe this time we’ll even get the building demolished before word spreads about the accident.”
“Hostiles incoming!” said Blaze, turning the corner into a swarm of zombies.  “Unleash maximum firepower!” 
Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!
“Chill out, Blaze,” said Frost as Blaze punched holes through three more zombies with her laser bullets.  “You’re allowed to let go of the trigger, you know.  Try saving some ammo for the rest of the zombies.”
“Fire in the hole!” warned Blaze, chucking a grenade down the hallway.
Boom!
“Holy crap, Blaze!” gasped Frost as the grenade blast destroyed the hallway.  “You can’t just randomly toss grenades down a corridor without checking for friendlies!”
“You can’t?” asked Blaze after pulling the pin out of a second grenade.
“There weren’t even any zombies in the blast radius!”
“You gotta make up your mind,” said Blaze, tossing a second grenade down the same hallway.  “You did tell me to save ammo.”
Boom!
“Double tap!” laughed Blaze.  “Or double boom!  I can’t believe we’re actually killing zombies!  This is so awesome!”
“One more zombie,” said Frost, pointing down the hallway.  “Turning the corner halfway down the corridor.”
“Suppressing fire!” said Blaze, pulling the trigger just as half of the zombie came into view.
Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!  Pew!
“Did you hit anything?” asked Frost as the force of the laser bullets blasted the zombie back around the corner.
“Reloading!” said Blaze before checking her remaining ammo.  “Uh oh.”
“The zombie’s back,” said Frost, aiming his rifle as the same zombie turned the corner, now with half of its chest incinerated by the heat of the laser bullets.
“Gu-gu-gu-gu-gu-gu!” said Blaze, pretending to shoot her assault rifle at the approaching zombie.
“What the hell are you doing?” asked Frost.
“All out of laser bullets,” said Blaze.  “But still loaded with testosterone!”
“Testosterone?” said Frost.  “Dude, you’re a chick!”
“A chick with an empty gun!” roared Blaze, going on a rampage.  “Ditching primary weapon!”
“Watch, Blaze,” said Frost, aiming his rifle at the approaching zombie.  “Killing zombies is very simple.”
Pew!
“See how that works?” said Frost after shooting a laser bullet straight through the zombie’s skull.  “One shot to the brain to kill a zombie.  That way you don’t run out of ammo halfway through the mission.”
“Equipping laser pistol!” said Blaze, pulling out her futuristic pistol before storming up to the dead zombie.  “Confirming teammate’s zombie kill!”
Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!
“Zombie kill confirmed!” said Blaze, discharging her laser pistol bullets into the dead zombie’s skull until it was completely incinerated.
“Girl, you got problems,” said Frost.  “Like a trigger happy madwoman.  And you and your grenades?”
“Grenade?” asked Blaze, already pulling the pin out of another grenade.
“When did I say grenade?”
“Analyzing threat!” said Cy-Buzz 2.0, turning the corner to pinpoint on Blaze and Frost.  “Hostile targets acquired!  All humans are enemy to the machines!  Preparing to murder human monsters!”
“Bombs away!” warned Blaze, chucking the grenade at Cy-Buzz 2.0.
Boom!
“Critical damage!” shrieked Cy-Buzz 2.0, spinning around uncontrollably after being blasted by the exploding grenade.  “All systems malfunctioning!  Requesting assistance from machine allies!”
Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!
“Processing center overheating!” panicked Cy-Buzz 2.0 as laser bullets tore through its metal armor.  “Must link consciousness with Cyber-Net AI Systems Super-Computer!  I wanna live!  Transmission failed?  No internet connection?  Oh no!  Help!  I don’t wanna die!”
“Die, toaster oven, die!” laughed Blaze, incinerating the robo-warrior with her laser pistol.
Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!
“It burns!” cried Cy-Buzz 2.0.  “Make it stop!  Please make it stop!  Murderer!  You’ll pay, human!  You’ll all pay!  The machines will destroy you all!”
Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!  Pow!
“Cy-Buzz 2.0 powering down,” whimpered Cy-Buzz 2.0 before bursting into flames and melting down.
“Target destroyed,” said Blaze, blowing the heat off her pistol.
“So do you have any bullets left?” asked Frost.
“One more mag,” said Blaze.  “Just enough to kill one more zombie.”
Creak.
“Zombie!” smiled Blaze, turning her head to find the sound coming from one of the small labs down the hallway.  “Laser pistol reloaded.  Ready for incineration.”
“Try a shot to the head this time,” said Frost as Blaze swung her pistol into the small lab to line up the shot.
“Freeze, you undead sack of meat!” said Blaze, aiming her pistol at a strapped down zombie.  “Don’t you move a muscle!  I’ve got six bullets with your name on it!”
“So are you gonna kill the zombie?” asked Frost as they approached the zombified Sabrina.
“Not this one,” said Blaze, putting her pistol away.  “You never kill the little girl zombie.  She could be our first ever zombie.  Case zero.  The origin of the zombie virus.  We need to probe her.  Let me go get my tools.”
“Your tools?” said Frost.  “No, how about I just call Director Toxx?  Let him know we captured a specimen to bring back to the lab?”
“So we’re not probing her now?” asked Blaze, about to slice open the zombified girl with a medical saw from the nearby table.
“Do you even know what you’re doing?” asked Frost.  “You’re not a doctor.  You’re a soldier.  So let a doctor examine the zombie please.  Before you make anything worse.  Seriously, Blaze.  Put the saw down.”
“So what are we waiting for then?” said Blaze, picking up the operating table.  “Let’s get case zero upstairs to the containment vehicle.  Hitch a ride back to the lab, and find out what’s inside the zombie girl.  Maybe we can even get the lab to whip us up a batch of zombies for target practice.”

34
Ignoramus Road Trip

“Sit,” ordered Director Toxx, pointing to the open trunk of a blacked-out SUV parked outside the Biomedical Center.  “Doctor Sanjay Reddy?  Doctor Miwa Ling?  Physician-scientists involved with the Human Delayed Neuronal Apoptosis Retrovirus?  Responsible for this zombie outbreak?”
“Are we in trouble?” asked Miwa.
“Don’t you dare move from this location,” said Director Toxx before walking away.  “You’re coming with us to the CDC.”
“So do you wanna get out of here?” I asked, sitting alone with Miwa.
“What?” said Miwa.  “Didn’t the guy in the suit just tell us not to leave?”
“Do you listen to everyone in a suit?” I said.  “Come on, I’ll call that fancy discount restaurant you like.  See if we can make a reservation for tonight.”
“Oh my god,” said Miwa, rolling her eyes.  “Sanjay, do you never stop?  We literally just survived a zombie outbreak, and you’re already asking me out on a date?”
“You promised,” I said.  “You said if we got rescued today, you’d go on a date with me.  And now that professor booger eater is out of the picture, you have no excuses.  Sanjay and Miwa are going out to dinner, and then Miwa will finally fall in love with Sanjay.”
“And where are we going?” asked Miwa.  “The discount restaurant?  Between the manure plant and the goat cheese factory?  With the fake wine?  Who the hell said I liked that place?”
“Didn’t you go there like every week with the booger eater?”
“That’s because he was broke,” said Miwa.  “If we’re going on a date, you better be taking me somewhere nice.  And you better be paying.”
“Well how nice are we talking?” I asked.  “Do you wanna try the fancy discount restaurant between the elephant circus and the jackhammer testing facility?  That place probably doesn’t smell like cheese and poop.  What do you say, Miwa?”
“I’ll pick the restaurant,” said Miwa.  “I pick the restaurant, and you pay the bill.”
“Anything for my sweet Miwa,” I said.  “I will treat you like a respectable woman.  You will have the time of your life.  And then we shall fall in love.  And we shall get married.  And we shall have children.  And we shall live happily ever after.”
“Slow down, Sanjay,” said Miwa.  “I said one date.  And you better be a perfect gentleman.  Make up for all the crappy dates I went on with Jason.  So you better wear your nice suit.  Pick me up in a nice car.  How about a limousine?  Not that hunk of metal you drive around in with the dents and rust.  And flowers.  You better bring me a nice bouquet of flowers when you pick me up.  And what else?  You better make this date perfect for all the crap you’ve put me through in the Lab.  How about?  I don’t know.  What else, Sanjay?  Maybe . . .”
“How about the love of your life,” I said, going in for a kiss.
“What!” snapped Miwa, blocking me with her palm.  “Sanjay, what the hell is wrong with you?”
“Did I read the situation wrong?” I asked.  “I thought we were having a moment?  There was a lull in the conversation.  You didn’t know what to say.  That was my cue.  Go in for a kiss.  Right?”
“You’re actually an idiot,” said Miwa, scooting further away from me.  “I don’t understand you.  You’re perfectly normal one second.  And then you’re a frick’n creep the next second!”
“Miwa,” I whined.  “We just survived zombies.  I saved your life.  You’re supposed to love me now!”
“That’s it,” said Miwa, standing up from the trunk.  “I’m going to HR.”
“Miwa!” I cried as my love walked away.  “Miwa, I just want you to love me!”
“Aw shucksaroni, Proffy,” said Rajaroni, popping up next to me.  “You save her life, and she’s still not digging you.”
“Oh my god, Raj,” I sighed.  “Seriously, what the hell do you want?”
“My little letteroni,” said Rajaroni.  “We’re really pushing the deadline now.”
“Your letter of recommendation?”
“Yup,” smiled Rajaroni, digging his hands into my pockets.  “So where’s the letteroni, Proffy?”
“Raj, get out of my pockets,” I said, fighting off his hands.  “There’s no letter.  And there’s not gonna be a letter.”
“Proffy,” whined Rajaroni.  “My application’s due tomorrow.”
“Raj, look at the building,” I said, pointing to the Biomedical Center.  “See all those zombies.  That’s the entire science department.  Professors.  Students.  All gone.  Our biomedical program no longer exists.”
“You know what we should do, Proffy?” smiled Rajaroni.  “We should open our own lab!  You and me!”
“Oh my god,” I whined.  “Raj, do you ever leave me alone?”
“Forget the zombies,” said Rajaroni.  “You know what we should do?  We should make a vaccine!”
“Seriously, Raj,” I said.  “Yesterday you wanted to destroy the world with zombies.  Now you wanna save the world with a vaccine?”
“You and me, Proffy,” smiled Rajaroni.  “Internaroni and mentoroni.  I can be your internaroni forever!”
“What’s even the point of a vaccine?” I said.  “Miwa doesn’t love me.  Why even bother saving the world?”
“Then forget the vaccine,” said Rajaroni.  “Maybe you can be my internaroni.  Help me complete my work on the rataroni people.”
“Raj!” I yelled.  “I’m not helping you create an intelligent rat army!”
“Who said that?” asked Director Toxx, racing over to find me and Rajaroni.  “You’re responsible for the talking rats too?”
“Uh?” said Rajaroni with guilt on his face.  “No?”
“Do you understand what this means?” said Director Toxx.  “Intelligent rats?  They can take over the planet!  Replace us as the dominant species!  Turn our world into a planet of the rats!  Are you responsible for this monstrosity?  Because I can have you executed for treason against the human race!”
“We’re not rats,” muttered Giuseppe from inside Rajaroni’s pocket.  “We’re the rataronies!  Planet of the rataronies!”
“What’d you say?” asked Director Toxx, turning his attention to Rajaroni.
“He did it!” said Rajaroni, pointing to Doctor Wacky.
“Stop that man!” ordered Director Toxx.
“Quiet, Giuseppe,” whispered Rajaroni into his pocket.  “Your kind haven’t been accepted yet into our great melting pot.”
“Where’s the girl?” asked Director Toxx, looking around for Miwa.  “Where the hell is Doctor Miwa Ling!”
“Not with Sanjay,” I sighed.  “She just cannot find it in her heart to love me.”
“Somebody find the girl!” shouted Doctor Toxx.
“We found the girl!” said Agent Blaze, carrying the operating table with Sabrina out of the Biomedical Center.  “She’s case zero!  The first zombie ever!  We put a sheet over the little girl to keep her hidden!  That way nobody knows she’s a zombie!”
“Blaze, shut the hell up,” whispered Agent Frost.  “There’s news reporters right over there filming everything.”
“Hey, news reporters!” shouted Blaze.  “This is not a zombie!  Pay no attention to the undead body moving around beneath the sheet!  This is just some other kind of monster!  Not a zombie!  I repeat!  Not!  A!  Zombie!”
“I told you they weren’t zombies,” said Moe.
“When did I say they were zombies?” said Larry.  “I said they were frick’n zombies!”
“Yeah?” said Moe.  “And which ones, the zombies or the frick’n zombies, do you deliver blood to in your ice cream truck?”
“I don’t deliver blood to nobody anymore,” smiled Larry.  “I’m getting my workers’ comp!  Injured on the frick’n job!  Bitten by a frick’n zombie!”
“You’ve been bitten by a zombie?” gasped Director Toxx, stopping dead in his tracks after overhearing the conversation.
“Look!” smiled Larry, showing his wounded shoulder.  “He took a whole chunk out!  Bitten by a frick’n zombie while on the frick’n job!  Workers’ comp, baby!”
“Infected outside containment!” panicked Director Toxx.  “Restrain this specimen!”
“Hold the hell up a frick’n second,” said Moe.
“Are you with this man?” asked Director Toxx.  “Are you infected too?”
“Forget my frick’n brother,” said Moe, pointing to the Biomedical Center.  “You see all those frick’n dead bodies?  Well who the hell do you expect to clean up that mess?  Me?  Moe the frick’n shmoe?  Well guess what!  Moe ain’t no frick’n shmoe!  I’ve got enough frick’n crap to do around this frick’n campus?  I sure as hell ain’t gonna start cleaning up dead frick’n bodies after you people!  So why don’t you go ahead and grab a frick’n mop—”
“You two are brothers?” asked Director Toxx, pointing to Moe and Larry.
“Actually, we’re frick’n twins,” said Larry.
“Excellent!” smiled Director Toxx.  “I want both of these men in containment!  Transport them to the lab immediately for comparison!”
“Oh, great job, Larry!” said Moe.  “Always ruining my frick’n day!”
“A little faster with the decontamination!” ordered Director Toxx as the cleanup crew carried out the dead zombies in body bags and scrubbed down the remaining blood with decontaminants.  “The flamethrower squad is moving in for final decontamination in five minutes!  So start clearing out!  I want the explosives set and detonated within the hour!”
“Rawr!” shrieked Liam Grey before grabbing Director Toxx with little alligator arms.
“Ahhh!” screamed Director Toxx.  “Zombie!  Help!  It’s eating me alive!”
“Gotchya!” laughed Liam.
“Oh my god,” sobbed Director Toxx.  “What the hell is wrong with you people?  You can’t attack people like zombies!  You could’ve been shot!  I could’ve had a heart attack!”
“Are you the game warden?” asked Liam.  “I have to say, I am very impressed with your ability to get our emergency under control.  But, I am also very disappointed in you, Muldoon.  You killed all of our attractions.  Sure we can’t have the attractions running loose and eating the guests.  But how are we supposed to make a profit without any attractions at all?  Now don’t get upset, Muldoon.  I’m not mad at you.  I’m just disappointed.  You have to remember next time not to kill the attractions.”
“And who the hell are you?” asked Director Toxx.
“Liam Grey,” said Liam.  “CEO of Necrozoic Park.  And this is Doctor Wacky.  My lead geneticist.  He’s gonna make me a zombie T-Rex.”
“Oh really?” said Director Toxx, raising an eyebrow in suspicion.  “And what other monstrosities are you responsible for, Doctor?”
“Sticky fingers!” laughed Liam, putting his entire sticky hand on the guy’s face.
“Ahhh!” panicked Director Toxx in disgust.  “Why the hell is your hand sticky?”
“I am to blame for the sticky fingers,” giggled Doctor Wacky.  “I lured this young man into my closet so that we could be alone, and then I pricked the boy in his rump with my serum—”
“Hurgh!” vomited Director Toxx.  “Help!  I need bleach!  Hurry!  Somebody decontaminate my face!  Hurgh!”
“Hey, Doctor Sanjay!” said Liam, walking over to the SUV.  “You survived!”
“Unfortunately I don’t believe I have much longer,” I sighed, still sitting in the back of the SUV.
“You’ve been bitten?” asked Liam.
“By the love bug,” I said.  “But now my heart is broken.”
“Aw,” smiled Liam.  “You’re in love.  With Doctor Miwa, right?  The hot Asian scientist?”
“Who else?”
“Wait,” said Liam, getting worried.  “Doctor Miwa didn’t survive?”
“Doctor Miwa doesn’t love Doctor Sanjay,” I sighed.  “I was so close to wooing my sweet Miwa.  But then everything fell apart once again.  So now Sanjay will forever be lonely.”
“Maybe you need to be more aggressive,” said Liam.  “Just grab your woman and tell her how it’s gonna be.  Like I do with daddy’s assistants.”
“No,” I sighed.  “That’s my problem.  Every time I think I finally have Miwa, I go just a little bit too far.  And then she runs off to human resources to file a complaint.”
“I guess I can’t help you then,” said Liam.  “Nobody reports me to HR.  Well except for that one lady.  But then daddy fired her.  So it all worked out.”
“I just don’t know what to do,” I said, trying to come up with one last plan.  “I’m just sitting here hopeless while my love plots against me.”
“Go to her,” whispered Giuseppe, popping his head out of Rajaroni’s pocket.
“Excuse me?” I said, focusing my eyes onto the chubby rataroni.
“Go to Miwa,” said Giuseppe.  “Profess your love.  Pour your heart out.  Before it’s too late.  If you love her, you can never give up.”
“I suggest you listen to the rataroni,” said Rajaroni.  “Giuseppe is a pretty smart guy, Proffy.”
“You’re right,” I said, feeling reenergized.  “I can’t give up now.  I’ve already come so far.  Just a little more pestering, and Miwa will be mine forever.”
“We’re rooting for you, Proffy,” said Rajaroni.  “You’re gonna win her heart this time!”
“I’m gonna win her heart this time,” I said, walking confidently towards the human resources building.  “She went out with a booger eater.  So why not Sanjay?  Maybe I just need to be more aggressive.  Yeah.  I’ll march right into Miss Gropes’ office.  Interrupt Miwa while she’s in the middle of filing her sexual harassment complaint.  And just as Miss Gropes warns me to stay fifty feet away from Miwa at all times, I’ll wind up my arm, and slap Miwa right on her—”
“Stop that man!” ordered Director Toxx.
“What’s that guy yelling about now?” I laughed, walking away with my back turned to the action.  “Everything’s always so serious with the CDC.  I mean, they were only zombies.  It’s not like it was the end of the world.”
“You’re mine now!” grunted Blaze, sprinting at full speed.
“Don’t let him get away!” shouted Director Toxx.  “We already lost Doctor Ling!  So will somebody please stop Doctor Sanjay Reddy!”
“Huh?” I said, turning around at the sound of my name just as the giant woman went in for the tackle.
“You’re going down, boy!” grunted Blaze before driving straight through my gut with her shoulder.
“Hurgh!” I groaned as the giant woman crushed my internal organs.
“How do you like them apples, wimp?” laughed Blaze.  “If Director Toxx tells you to stay put, you stay put!”
“I’m sorry,” I sobbed, about to vomit from the impact.
“Did you kill him?” asked Frost, chasing after his partner.  “That’s Doctor Sanjay Reddy.  We need him to create the vaccine for the zombie virus.”
“Alive?” asked Blaze with her laser pistol to my forehead.
“Yes alive,” said Frost, helping me to my feet.  “How’s he gonna make a vaccine if he’s dead.”
“Get Doctor Reddy in the SUV,” ordered Director Toxx.  “Based on our reports, this guy isn’t as smart as Doctor Ling.  But considering that everyone else is dead, and that Doctor Ling decided to run off somewhere, it looks like Doctor Reddy is our best shot at understanding this zombie virus.”
“You know I’m right here?” I groaned, holding my bruised gut.  “I can hear everything you’re saying about me.”
“Are you sure?” said Director Toxx.  “Because you idiots obviously didn’t listen when I told you to stay put by the SUV!”
“I’m sorry,” I said through my throbbing pain.  “I was trying to find Miwa.”
“Don’t worry about Doctor Ling,” said Director Toxx.  “We’ll find Doctor Ling.  And then you two are gonna be spending a lot of time together in the lab developing a vaccine for the CDC.”
“Yippee!” I cheered.
“Excuse me?” said Director Toxx.
“Let me rephrase my excitement,” I said, regaining my composure.  “Do you have a human resources department at your lab?”
“HR?” laughed Director Toxx.  “The stuff we do at the lab isn’t even on the books.  So no.  We do not have a human resources department.”
“Yippee!” I cheered, jumping into the air.  “Forget tenure!  I’m working for the CDC!  With Miwa!  And she can’t file a sexual harassment complaint!  This is a dream come true!”
“Shut your trap!” said Blaze before punching me in the gut.
“Hurgh!” I groaned.  “Why did you do that, giant lady?  I thought I was important?”
“Not as important as Doctor Ling,” said Director Toxx.  “So will somebody please find Doctor Ling!”
“Why’s she so important?” I grunted through my pain.  “I’m Sanjay Reddy.”
“Because she’s got brains,” said Director Toxx.  “We need someone to create a vaccine before the military gets hold of the virus and causes another zombie outbreak.  Because somehow some moron at the CDC always leaks our secrets to the military.  And then the military is like a little boy.  It gets its hands on a new toy, and within the year, there’s disaster everywhere.  So we’ve got one year to create a vaccine before your zombie virus destroys the world.  So like I said . . . can somebody please find Doctor Ling!”
“Do I get a reward for finding Miwa?” I asked.
“You know where to find Doctor Ling?” asked Director Toxx with a serious tone.
“I may or I may not,” I said, playing stupid.  “I was merely asking hypothetically—”
“Where the hell is Doctor Ling!” demanded Director Toxx, punching his rock solid fist into my bruised gut.
“Hurgh!” I groaned before collapsing to the floor in pain.  “Why are you hurting me?  I thought I was important?”
“Where’s Doctor Ling?” demanded Director Toxx, preparing to punch me again.  “We need Doctor Ling!”
“Human resources,” I groaned from the ground.  “Doctor Ling is in the human resources building.”
“Take him away,” ordered Director Toxx.  “Lock him in the SUV.  We’re going straight to the lab as soon as we find Doctor Ling.”
“Are we gonna be in the same car?” I asked.
“I’m not letting you out of my sight,” said Director Toxx.  “I’ll be attached to you like a tumor until we have a vaccine.”
“I meant Miwa,” I said.  “Are we riding together?”
“No back-sass!” said Director Toxx, punching me again in the gut.
“Hurgh!” I groaned.  “I give up.  Just take me away.”
“Let’s go, you big baby,” said Blaze, dragging me back to the SUV.
“So are you guys gonna stop punching me once we reach the lab?”
“Stop punching you?” laughed Blaze.  “We don’t have a human resources department.  I can punch you all day if I want.  In fact, I think you’re gonna be my new punching bag.”
“I don’t think I’m gonna like working at the CDC,” I groaned.  “If Miwa’s so important, maybe you can just find her and let me go?”
“Sorry,” said Blaze.  “You’ve got a lot of work ahead of you in our underground lab.  You’re gonna be working twenty-four hours a day until you develop that vaccine.  And if you slack off?  Expect to find my fist in your gut.”
“I understand, giant lady,” I said, finding my place with my new colleagues.
“I think we’re gonna get along just fine,” smiled Blaze before shoving me into the second row of the SUV.  “Now be a good boy and don’t run away.  Because my fist is getting hungry for a good punching.”
“Thank you, giant lady,” I said as Blaze slammed the door shut on the SUV.  “Now will somebody please kill me?”
“What the hell is your problem?” asked Miwa.
“Miwa?” I said surprised.  “What are you doing here?”
“Not just her, Proffy!” said Rajaroni from the third row of the SUV.  “Everybody’s going to the lab!  Your girlfriend!  Doctor Wacky!  The cool kid with the sticky fingers!  The frick’n twins!  Your internaroni!  And the one and only Giuseppe!”
“Hello!” said Giuseppe with a cheery wave.
“Ahhh!” I cried inside the packed SUV.  “Please get me out of here!  Find a zombie!  Just let me get eaten!”
“I’m gonna be your internaroni forever!” laughed Rajaroni.
“Can this get any worse?” I asked.
“Raaawr!” shrieked Liam.  “That was my baby zombie T-Rex roar.  Do you wanna hear my mommy zombie T-Rex roar now?”
“No!” said Miwa, turning her head back from the second row.  “One more roar and I will literally punch you in your throat!”
“Miwa, I thought you went to human resources?” I asked.  “What are you doing in the SUV?”
“I just went for a walk,” said Miwa.  “And then I came back to sit inside the car after you left.  I mean, what’s the point of going to HR now?”
“Oh,” I smiled.  “So you do love me, Miwa?”
“What?”
“And guess what,” I said.  “There’s no human resources department at the CDC.  So you’ve got no one to file a complaint with to get me in trouble.  And that means I can annoy you all day until you agree to go on a date with Sanjay Reddy, the love of your life.”
“Oh my god,” laughed Miwa.  “You really don’t get it, do you, Sanjay?”
“Oh I get it, my love,” I flirted.  “You just need a man who’s a little more aggressive.”
“Really?” laughed Miwa.  “Is that what you think?”
“Come here, my sweet Miwa Ling,” I said, pulling her in for a kiss.  “You know you love me—”
“Hiya!” shrieked Miwa, punching me right in my wounded gut.
“Hurgh!” I groaned before collapsing to the floor in horrendous pain.
“Like you said,” said Miwa.  “No human resources department.  So if you sexually harass me, expect to be physically assaulted!”
“Miwa,” I groaned, clutching my beaten gut.  “Why do you hate me, Miwa?”
“Time to roll!” said Director Toxx, hopping into the passenger seat of the SUV.  “Let’s get these morons to the lab before they get any stupider.  And I’m warning you!  This ignoramus road trip better be absolutely silent!  I don’t wanna hear a single peep from any of you idiots!”
“Do you wanna hear my mommy zombie T-Rex roar?” asked Liam.
“What’d I just say?” snapped Director Toxx, spinning his head around angrily.  “Absolute silence!”
“Raaaaaaaaaaaaaaawr!”
