The Wolf

The blood dribbled onto the hardwood floor. Claws left deep grooves, bone white, against the deep red-brown stain of the wood. I stared at the droplets on the floor.
The moon shone through the torn curtains. Silver-white light filling the room with sharp angled black shadows that contrasted beautifully with the abstract patches of red spray on the white walls and furniture.
Pit, pit, pit. The drops hit the floor in time with my heart. Thump, thump, thump. 
It grew thick on my tongue, tasting more like meat than copper pennies now.
 I stood up on two legs sniffing the air. My ears swiveled to catch the sounds coming from outside. A high pitched howling, like a pup in pain. I knew the metal box with the red and blue lights would be here soon.
The female had been very loud. I was certain that one of the neighbors had heard her screams. She had managed to make her way into the living room before the end.
The male went down quick enough. One swipe to his throat and it was over. His life pouring out in a red hot wash of fluid. 
He had tried to stop it. They usually do. Hands grasping futilely at the gaping hole as blood pours out around their useless fingers.
Some are so terrified they don’t even realize they have soiled themselves.
Meat, screaming meat that pisses and shits itself. Why can’t they just die with some dignity? 
Outside the wind tossed leaves into the air swirling and twisting until they fell back down to the ground. The night was crisp, on the edge of fall. 
There was a dog behind a fence as I moved through the dark cover of the trees. He barked at me, defending his territory.  With a low growl I told little cousin to be quiet. I was moving on. 
The howl of the metal box was near. I could hear more meat emerging from it. Smell the adrenaline from here. The wind carried the scent to me. A friend of the Moon.
The shadowed woods fell into a ravine. A small stream weaving its way through the earth, a silver ribbon of water in the dark.
The water ran dark as I stepped into the stream washing the blood from my feet. It was refreshingly cool against my fevered skin. 
The reflection of the moon on the water caught my eye. Turning my gold and green gaze to the sky I sung my triumph to the white disk hanging full among the stars. 








The Girl
“The couple was found in their home late last night, “The pretty news reporter read. “Police say the deaths looked to be from an animal, though neighbors have told us the couple did not own a dog.”
 I let the news report fade into the background. Another weird death in a string of weird deaths. The police claimed it was animal attacks. 
My mom turned the TV off as she swiped her keys off the counter top heading for the door. The click of her heels on the wood flooring faded as she got further from the kitchen, stopped then grew louder again as she came back to kiss the top of my head. 
“Behave yourself today young lady.” she said with a small frown. 
“I will.” I waved her away. Her frown said she didn’t believe me.
“Bethy, I mean it. No trouble. I don’t need to have the sheriff calling me while I am at this meeting.”
“You better go or you’re gonna be late.” with a sigh, she turned and was gone.
I flopped onto the couch flipping through the million and one channels of nothing offered by the local cable company. It was the last weekend before school started. I had no job. No money and anyone I would even consider hanging out with were several thousand miles away in another town, another state, another lifetime. 
Since the divorce I had been passed back and forth like some kind of property. Dad was getting remarried to a woman I despised. One little thing goes wrong and the crazy woman insisted I move in with mom.
I contemplated heading to my room to listen to some Front Line Assembly and scan the web for more tattoo ideas. A knock at the door broke my train of thought. 
The peephole was covered on the outside by a huge wreath of dead plants mom insisted be hung outside so I had to open the door to see who was there. 
A guy in a flannel shirt was standing with his hands held together in front of him. His chin-length, straight hair was dyed black. Silver rings pierced both eyebrows, his long lashes lifted as he looked up from his feet revealing striking green eyes. 
For a brief moment I was mesmerized but was caught up in his dazzling white smile. “Um, hi,” he said awkwardly running one hand through his hair.  “My car won’t start and I am late for work. Do you have jumper cables?” he pointed to the duplex across the street. A beat up looking car sat in the driveway beside a newer Toyota.
I blinked a few times before realizing I was staring. “I...I’m not sure. My mom already left.”
“That’s alright. My roommate is still home. He works nights. I can get a jump from his car. We just don’t have cables.” He smiled again flashing perfect teeth. It made me self-conscious of my own awkward grin. 
  I glanced back into the house feeling nervous, blushing a bit after I realized how stupid that must look. “Let me open the garage and take a look,” I said heading down the hall, leaving the door open.  He leaned in the doorway, the muscles of his arms flexing easily as he rocked himself back and forth. “Come on in,” I hollered over my shoulder. The entry to the garage was at the end of the hall before going into the kitchen.
“My name is Devon by the way.” he said from directly behind me. I jumped, squeaking a little at how quickly he was there. Wide eyed I whirled around almost knocking into him, losing my footing I started to topple. The hallway was a tight squeeze, but he managed to grab my arms to keep me from falling into the wall. He laughed while heat rushed up my face as he held me there for a moment. “I’m Beth.” 
He let go of my arms running his fingers through his hair again. “Hi Beth.”
We found the jumper cables buried under a tarp in a corner. Mom must have tossed them there when she first moved in and never used them. I opened the garage door, leaving it open to continue walking with Devon across the street.
“So you’re from out of state?” he asked popping the hood of the beat up car. 
“How could you tell?” 
he laughed again. “You have an accent.” 
“Oh my god.” I covered my face with my hands. “Is it awful?”
“Nah, it isn’t real thick,” he flashed that brilliant smile, “I think it’s kinda cute.” fingers through his hair again. It must be a nervous gesture, I decided.
Happy I had a clue into what Devon might be thinking, I leaned against the side of the car watching as he attached the cables to the battery. “Do you go to school here?” I wanted to know if I would see him on Monday. A new school sucks when you don’t know anyone. If Devon went there I would feel better about going. My hopes hit the driveway with his next words.
“Graduated last year. Brendan and I rent this place from his dad. I work over at the auto shop near the high school.” 
“Cool.” my phone buzzed in my pocket while the lyrics to “Payphone” played. I dug the phone out of my pocket. It was my dad. “I gotta take this. Good luck.” I was halfway in the garage when I heard the engine roar to life. I hit the answer button with a grin. 
“What’s up, dad.” I hit the garage button on my way through the door to the house.
“Bethy, hey honey how’s it going with your mom?” Dad was alright. I would have been happy to stay in Minnesota with him but the woman he married was a lunatic. I couldn't stand her.
“Mom’s alright I guess. She had to work.” though it pained me I was in a good mood so I asked “How is Lily?”
Suspicion filled his voice, “What's going on? You never ask about her.” 
I blushed profusely, good thing no one was here to see me. “Nothing! I swear,” I squeaked. 
He didn’t press me about it. It was one of the things I loved about my dad. “Bethy, some people stopped by here asking about you. The Silver Moon Society. They said they were a school for the gifted. Do you want their number?”
A private school was looking for me? “Sure, can you text it? I don’t have anything to write with.”
We said our goodbyes and dad texted me the number. it read:
Silver Moon Society
253-555-MOON
Ask for Willow
I saved it, heading to the kitchen to look for some food.

























The Witch
School was a nightmare. There were more students than I was used to walking, running and cajoling in the halls. Minnesota schools were smaller. You could go from preschool to graduation all in the same building. 
Mom and I had been out to get my locker combo and class assignments over the weekend. The halls had seemed enormous to me then. Today they were crowded and stifling, squeezing between bodies like cattle in a chute.
Pushing between a pair of jocks in football jerseys to get to my locker was awful.  The scent of stale sweat, dirt and leather was overwhelming. I choked on the smell, wrapping my arm over my face. They both looked at me in disgust, eyebrows furrowed. “What? You a lesbo?” one on the left said slamming the door on his locker. The other laughed and the two headed down the hall. 
I suffered through a few classes until lunch. The cafeteria was a sea of teenage cliche, a swelling and ebbing tide of hormones and cell phones. Everyone seemed to have a place. Nerd over there with their noses stuck behind D&D books, while the jocks circled the cheerleaders like sharks around a life raft. The punks and musicians hid behind huge headphones while the would be gangsters scowled at the rest of the room.
I grabbed my lunch as quickly as possible heading for the doors and outside. I didn’t see the foot waiting to trip me as I rushed between the tables, my eyes focused on the far doors and freedom.
My food flew out of my hands as I fell to the floor. Everything was in slow motion. I watched my hands slap the linoleum with a loud crack. My elbows hit next sending pain shooting up through my arms all the way down to my feet.
I lay there sprawled across the floor. At first there was a stunned silence. Then the room erupted into ghastly laughter. 
Red hot rage turned the world crimson. I slowly pulled my hands in curling around myself. My heart was racing, feeling like it would burst from my chest. I took a deep breath in through my nose. Stale sweat, dirt and leather.
Uncurling from the ball on the floor I rose to my feet. Everything was tinged in red.
Chin to my chest I turned to see who had tripped me. The laughter was slowly dying as the students wondered what I was doing. 
I had not run from the room as they had expected. I turned to the football player who had tripped me.
He was sitting on the bench next to a pretty blond girl. Her full lips held a mocking grin, daring me to try and defend myself verbally against her bully boyfriend. 
I wanted to rip his throat out. I could taste blood in my mouth. A low growl started deep in my chest. 
I felt myself go cold all over. The red rage replaced with a cold breeze like a brisk wind on a winter morning. A shaking hand wrapped around my wrist tugging to get my attention. It brought me back to myself enough to scare me. Some part of me really wanted to tear the idiot to shreds.
I followed the tugging out of the cafeteria out into the sunshine of the courtyard. It took a few minutes before I was clear headed enough to take a look at the rescuer of stupid Jock guy.
She was pretty. A cross between a Hippy and an Anime school girl. Long straight hair fell down past her waist held out of her eyes by a blue headband. Her blue eyes were huge in her oval face a slight point to her chin. Tall and lithe like a sidhe of the Old World, she folded herself down onto the steps patting the concrete next to her inviting me to join her. “Feeling better?” she asked.
“Yeah, I think so.” I sat down wrapping my hands around my knees. 
“I’m Lyra.” she held out her hand, palm open to shake. I took it and felt that same cold breeze play up my arm. Yanking my hand back I stared at her. “What the hell,”
I was confused, scared and completely out of my mind. I was sure I had hit my head when the jerk inside had tripped me. I had wanted so badly to taste his blood. To rip the flesh off his face. It was real, terrible and real. I began to freak out a little at what kind of sick monster I might be. Lyra just sat there calming watching me sift through my emotions. 
“It’s OK. I wasn’t sure if it would work at first. I thought you were going to do something right there in the cafeteria.”  her hands were folded in her lap. “I’m glad you didn’t. Then I wouldn’t have the chance to get to know you.” her smile was shy even though she was able to look me in the eyes.
I shook my head to clear my brain of the red fog that still lingered there. “What exactly did you do?” I asked leaning against the cold metal of the rail on the stairs. It helped clear my mind of the heat of anger. Like her hand had done in the cafeteria. 
“Something my mom taught me. She knows a lot of things about energy. She is a massage therapist.” As if that explained it all. 
I finally had myself under some control. “Uh, Thanks for the rescue. I’m Beth.” I didn’t offer my hand. She seemed to understand not offering hers again. 
“I think you should avoid the cafeteria for a while. Ben is a narcissistic egomaniac and his girlfriend, Cassie, is Queen Bitch. Her dad is a Sheriff so she pretty much gets away with anything here.” she stood up brushing the dirt off her long flowing skirt. I noticed she was barefoot. “What class do you have next?”
I pulled out the paper with my classes listed on it. “Looks like I have an English class. Room 210. Then a free period.” she opened the door to the building waving me through ahead of her.
“That’s great! I have a free period then. We can meet up.” We made arrangements to meet near the library while she led me through the halls to my next class. Waving goodbye, she bounced down the hall. Her bare feet didn’t make a sound. I turned to face the next class feeling a little less paranoid about my first day.




































The Bully
After the dread cafeteria incident, I avoided the place like a hospital. I had mom get me some things from the store making the excuse that the food offered by the school was unhealthy and full of chemicals. She caved and took me shopping. 
The next few days were relatively quiet. I adjusted my timing to get things from my locker when Ben the Bully was nowhere to be seen. Lyra and I met every day during our free hour. I learned that her family were witches. “So you cast spells and curse people?” I asked. Tossing her head back her laughter rang through the courtyard like silvery bells. 
“Yes and no. We do spells but there are rules and laws to keep a balance. If I were to curse someone I had better be willing to pay the price for it.” I wouldn’t have believed her if I had not felt the very real power she had used on me. 
We usually had the courtyard to ourselves, I loved being outside lately. Having a roof overhead or walls around me sent waves of anxiety flowing through me. 
“What do we have here,” A voice broke through my thoughts like a wrecking ball through a concrete wall. She was backed by a pair of girls I couldn’t help but think of as wanna-be’s. I just wasn’t sure if they wanted to be Barbie or a Kardashian. The trio all wore name brand clothing and expensive makeup. “A pair of lesbians.” So much for equality I thought.  Cassie kicked over Lyra’s bottle of water with the toe of her 2-inch heel. How she wore those walking around school all day beat the hell out of me.
I felt the anger starting to rise but Lyra put her hand on my shoulder stepping in front of me. “Awe, where you hoping I would ask you to prom?” her voice full of sarcastic pity, her head tilted to the side. The anger was gone, replaced with amusement. The edge of my lips curled up in a grin as I watched the Trio sputter and flounce away. After they were out of earshot we burst out laughing. Leaning on each other as the giggles took over.
After school let out, I decided to walk home. It wasn’t far and I knew that Devon was working at the shop. I thought I may get the chance to see him on the way. After dealing with Cassie at lunch I needed something to make me smile and Devon was smile worthy.
As I turned the last corner I saw the door of the garage was open. A few cars sat in the parking lot outside. Ben leaned against a shiny red mustang talking with Devon. 
“Shit,” I muttered groping for my phone. I pretended to answer it using my hand to block my face from view as I scurried past the parking lot praying desperately that neither one would notice me. I made it past the lot getting stuck on the next corner as the traffic light changed. I tried to ignore the sound of an engine being revved beside me. The light changed to the little walk figure. I stepped out into the street, tires screeched on the pavement beside me. I was knocked back onto the sidewalk by a blur of movement as the red mustang released the brakes and spun around the corner missing me by inches.  I looked up in time to see Ben laughing as he drove off, my rescuer was nowhere in sight. 
Shaking with disbelief and adrenaline, I hit the speed dial for Lyra, continuing down the street to sit at the coffee shop on the next block.
















The Wolf
The bitch was young but strong.  With an open mouth, I took in the smell over my tongue, I could taste her, vanilla and caramel. Her scent was intoxicating, filling me with the need for her touch. I closed my eyes following her by scent as she passed the place where I crouched. Close enough to caress her thigh.
The earth beneath my feet was chilling, clashing with the heat of lust, calming my desire to have her. White fog rising like smoke signals as my breath left me in panting beats. Soon she would be running by my side. I could wait.
I could sense she was feeling the draw of the moon. She was restless and edgy. Eyes darting back and forth as she searched the street. Seeing that she was safe, I lifted my nose to the wind searching the air for the male who had dared to harm her. He was lucky I had been close enough to save her from his recklessness.
His scent was faint covered by the noxious fumes from the metal, blood colored box. He was lost in the kaleidoscope of smells that overwhelmed the nose and confused the senses. Another time then.














The Letter
“Bethy, there is a letter for you on the coffee table.” mom hollered at me from the kitchen. Lyra and I had just walked in the door. I was still shaken by the encounter with Ben. Lyra wanted me to tell my mom about what had happened but I was reluctant to cause any trouble. She was already worried I was going to end up a juvenile delinquent.
Lyra's voice was a harsh whisper, “Beth, you need to tell her what is going on. She can help.”
“How? By going to the school and causing even more trouble? That’s all I need. Maybe he didn’t see my standing there when he turned the corner.”
She snorted as we entered the living room. I grabbed the letter off the table making my way through the house into the kitchen. “Mom, this is Lyra. We have free period together.” I waved the letter at the girl behind me. Mom was at the table, her work spread out across it. She looked up long enough to acknowledge my friend with a wave then went back to her paperwork.
I drug Lyra back into my room by her wrist. “No, I am not going to tell my mom. I’ll just not walk home anymore. It was stupid. I wasn’t paying enough attention is all.” Her arms folded across her chest and narrowed eyes told me she didn’t believe me.
I ignored her and turned my focus to the letter in my hand. 
The paper was thick with a silver shimmer. It was sealed with a blob of silver metallic wax. The impression was a crescent moon done in filigree. It was addressed to me in swirly calligraphy with a return address to The Silver Moon Society.
Eyebrows raised I showed the envelope to Lyra. Her anger at my stubborn refusal to talk to my mother dissipated replaced with curiosity. “It glows,” she reached up a hand to touch the paper her fingers running lightly over the wax. 
“Should I leave it closed?” I didn’t feel anything from the paper. The was made it heavier than a normal letter but otherwise there was not much difference. Not that I expected to sense anything. I was not a witch.
“Seems safe enough to me. I don’t feel anything malicious. It just glows.”
That worked for me. Popping the wax seal, I opened the envelope and pulled out a single sheet of thick paper that matched the envelope as well as a small card and matching envelope addressed to the Society and already baring a stamp. The letter read:
To Miss Elizabeth Channing
Greetings.
The Silver Moon Society formally requests your attendance at our regional gala
On 25 October 2014
@ 20:00
 in order to discuss your potential membership with the Silver Moon Society.
Dress is formal. A stipend shall be provided for you to purchase the necessary gown and accessories for yourself and a guest.
A car will be sent to you. Please be prepared to leave three hours prior to the event to allow for travel.
Please RSVP with the enclosed card and envelope. To ensure the funds are available to you in time for the event, please respond ASAP.
The smaller card had three check boxes each labeled; Coming alone, Coming with Guest and Decline.
With each line of the letter my eyes grew wider, my jaw falling slack. “I don’t understand?” Confusion rocked me back onto my bed. I almost hit my head against the wall.
“Maybe we should look it up online?” Lyra offered taking the letter from my hand. She swiveled in the chair she had perched in opening the top of my laptop computer. Her fingers flew over the keyboard, she soon had a beautiful website displayed on the monitor. 
A star filled background with the same filigree crescent moon hanging in the corner of the page. The site proclaimed that The Silver Moon Society had been formed in the 1800’s by a pair of sisters named Laura and Jasmine Wyck. 
The Wyck Sisters started the Society for the Gifted, seeking out people of unique talent and skill. What this had to do with me, I had no idea. Lyra should have been the one to receive this letter, not me. I told her as much.
“I knew there was something special about you Beth. Apparently I am not the only one to think so.” she turned to look at me motioning to the letter I had taken back from her without knowing. I stared at the silvery paper in my hand. “I think you should go,” she said.
With a deep sigh I gave in. “Only if you will be my plus one.” She squealed in delight and threw herself on top of me squeezing my neck so hard I started to choke. Gasping for air, I pushed her over and fell back down beside her on the bed. “I take that as a yes, you’ll go.” 
She hit me in the face with a pillow.
























The Mall
The 25th of October was in a week. We had enough time to send the RSVP after explaining to my mom what it was I was being invited to. I still didn’t understand a lot of it myself. Lyra told her mom, who in turn helped convince mine that it was a good idea to at least let us get the dresses and check it out.
The mall was packed with shoppers. Teens hanging out at the food court, listening to music. Older couples strolling along for their daily walk, business people in suits and a few uniformed security guards jostled along. After a quick stop to get something to eat, Lyra and I headed for the nearest formal dress shop. 
After a few hours we each found a dress that would be mother approved as well as showcasing our personalities. I guess mine wasn't really a dress. It had a pair of raw silk pants under a satin top that was more a tunic than shirt falling just past my butt. 
Lyra managed to find a short sundress that was fancy enough to count as formal wear. 
We had just finished buying shoes when I heard a male voice behind us, “Beth, hey,” turning I saw Devon with another guy walking toward us. He was smiling sending a flutter through my chest. 
 Lyra bumped my shoulder with her grinning like a Cheshire cat. I had told her all about the hot guy across the street. I pushed her back saying “Hey Devon,” brushing my hair out of my face.
“I haven’t seen you in a while. I almost thought about pretending my car wouldn’t start again just to come over.” he casually threw his arm across my shoulder pulling me closer. 
“Oh my god,” it came out a squeak “Seriously?” heat rushed up my face and I wasn’t sure what to do with my own hands. Both hands held the handles of several heavy shopping bags. 
Devon leaned in putting his face against my hair. “Beth here is my savior. Helped me get my car started a few weeks ago.” he told his friend. 
The other guy was tall and thin, his build wiry. Long black hair fell in ringlets down to mid back. He had more of a goth look to him than the punk attire worn by Devon. “I’m Brendan,” he said extending his hand to Lyra. “Devon’s roommate.” I raised an eyebrow as Brendan lifted her hand and lay a gentle kiss on her knuckles. 
“Wow,” she gasped “And they say chivalry is dead.”
“Not if I can help it,” he said with a wink. 
Devon laughed taking half the bags from my hands and putting and arm around my waist. “You girls got time to have some coffee? Bren and I were just heading over to Denny’s.” 
I shot a pleading look at Lyra. She was the one driving so it was entirely up to her how long we hung out. Brendan still held her hand in his, she didn’t seem to mind. “I guess we have time for a cup. Just let me call home and let them know where we are going to be.

The Dark
I was on cloud nine. I finally understood what that meant. Lyra dropped me off at home after we had sat with Devon and Brendan talking and drinking coffee. Devon had spent the entire time with his arm draped across my shoulders his fingers playing with my hair or along my neck while he spoke with Brendan and Lyra about working at the auto shop. 
I skipped my way up the walk to the door just as mom turned the light on to the front porch. “Did you have a good time?” she asked when I skipped through the front door carrying the bags from the mall.
“It was fantastic.” I spun in a circle feeling a bit giddy. Mom looked at me shaking her head and smiled. “There was a boy wasn’t there.” I stopped spinning, dropping the bags to the floor. “Not just a boy, mom. Devon, from across the street.”
“Isn’t he older than you are?” she crossed her arms over her blouse with a look that said ‘I don’t approve, young lady’. She got it whenever I did something she thought was out of my age range. Didn’t parents remember being teenagers? We could think and reason perfectly fine. 
I stood my ground. He wasn’t that much older than I was. “He is 19. I think he likes me.”
“Just be careful Bethy. I don’t want you getting hurt.” she said reaching out to wrap her arms around me. Mom was not a hugger usually so it weirded me out that we were hugging now. 
After an awkward silence, she let me go asking to see what we had found at the mall. The rest of the evening was spent with me twirling around the living room in the clothes I had picked out followed by Pizza and a marathon of Supernatural on Netflix. 
I laughed as mom proclaimed her crush on Dean Winchester, picking up the empty pizza box heading out to the trash on the back deck.
It took her awhile to come back. I hopped up off the couch heading out to the kitchen to see if she was there. The kitchen was empty but the glass door to the back deck was open wide, half the kitchen reflected in the glass while an abyss of blackness filled the other. A cold night breeze sending a pile of napkins flying across the counter top. “Mom?” I called leaning out the door.
The yard was pitch black. I flipped the switch to the deck light with no luck. Looking up I saw the bulb had been removed. A small sliver of fear pierced my stomach. “Mom...” I kept my voice lower as I moved quietly out onto the deck. 
The trash can was off to the side of the deck nearest the gate to the front of the house. My eyes slowly adjusted to the dark. The house loomed darkly against the cloudy night sky. The land behind the house was all wooded, trees grew against the fence. Huge black sentinels reaching over the chain link. I could just make out a shadow standing in the yard a few feet from the steps.
“Mom?” I whispered into the night air cautiously navigating the three steps to the grass. “Is that you?” The figure shifted from one foot to the other. I caught the scent of an animal as the breeze blew past the silhouette. Musky yet strangely compelling I took a few more steps in its direction.
The light of a crescent moon slid down from behind the clouds illuminating the creature only a few paces from me. Fur covered most of its body, the canine head tilted to the side watching me from golden orbs that showed a fierce intelligence as it sniffed the air.
The scream was torn from me. Building from the depth of my body, mouth open and gasping out air until the sound emerged building into a crescendo of sound pouring from my lips.
The werewolf, what else could it be standing in front of me on two bent legs, its tail held out behind for balance, falling to all four as it turned to lope across the yard leaping the six-foot chain link fence easily disappearing into the woods.





















The Wolf
I was not expecting her to come into the yard. Her voice held me still as she called for her mother in the dark. I watched her creep across the raised wood platform, her bare feet only a whisper of sound against the wood. The wind was wrong for me to smell her, coming from my back I was confused that she could not scent me on the breeze. I could sense her time was coming. She should be starting to feel the changes. 
I took a few steps into the yard. I wanted to taste her on my tongue. Rub my scent across her belly. She took a few more hesitant steps into the wet grass. 
She was so close.
I tilted my head to the side trying to fill the scent of her in my lungs. The moon light spun down from the heavens above filling the yard with a radiant white light. She stood there glowing before me.
Her scream built like a howl from inside pouring forth like a fountain of sound into the still night air. With one last deep breath of her, I turned, heading back into the dark until she was ready for me.








Locker Drama
There comes a point in your life when you realize you have to stop letting things happen. To start taking hold of yourself, stand up and react. After I stared that creature in the eyes I knew I had to do this. Things had been happening to me. I guess maybe that red anger was actually me getting mad that I was not doing anything.
The week at school before the Silver Moon Gala was different. I was different and everyone knew it. I stopped avoiding the bullies in the hall, walking to my locker between classes and gathering only the books I needed for the next class instead of lugging them all along with me for an entire day. 
The first time Ben tried to block me from reaching the lock by leaning over to talk to his friend on the other side I started to hesitate then felt that warm red surge building. I allowed it to fill my eyes as I stood there. “Get out of my way.” my voice was almost a growl, deep and quiet. 
Ben ignored me continuing his conversation with the other football player. With a deep breath I placed my hand on his chest and shoved. He slammed against the locker rattling the entire row. The hall went silent. All eyes were now on me wondering if Ben was going to actually hit a girl. I could see his fists clenched at his side, his face tight with suppressed anger. 
I was still surprised at how easy it had been to push the six-foot muscle head, as he pushed off the lockers looming over the top of me. 
I laughed, I couldn’t help it. “What do you think is going to happen if you hit me? Hmm? Do you really think I would be the one suspended?” I asked as he breathed heavy in my face. From the corner of my eye I saw a teacher peak around the door of a classroom. I began to cower raising my hands in front of me as if warding off a blow. The teacher caught sight of the larger boy standing over me and took it the way I had expected. He stalked down the hall toward us. “What is going on here?”
Ben had backed off, leaving space between us. “Nothing Mr. Peterson. Beth was just trying to get to her locker and I wasn’t paying attention. I accidentally knocked her back.” 
Mr. Peterson looked at me, “Is that true?”
“Yeah, Ben didn’t see me. I am OK.” I made sure to put a touch of fear in my voice. I wanted the teacher to think I was terrified of Ben. He glanced back at Ben with narrowed eyes. 
“Be more careful,” with that he turned, walking back to his classroom.
Ben hunched his bag on his shoulder, turned and walked away from me. Triumph surged through me as I spun out the combo to my locker. I did a little dance step as I gathered my books.
###
That afternoon I stopped at the garage to say hi to Devon. The place smelled like gas and oil making my nose itch. I asked the tall slender woman at the front desk if Devon was working. She looked me up and down while she wiped the black grease from thin fingers. “Yeah. He is.”
“Um, can I talk to him?” I asked raising one brow at her. 
With a final look over, she turned to open the door to the main garage. Noise assaulted my ears. Grinding, whining battering noises filled the tiny reception space. I slammed my palms over my ears. She entered the garage letting the door slam behind her.
I turned to the pair of chairs with a small table between them. “Beth?” Devon’s voice came from behind me. I jumped and squeaked like a chew toy. I hadn’t heard the door open so I had no idea he was there until he spoke. 
“Devon, hey,” I said lamely.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“Well, you told me where you worked and I thought I might stop in and see if you wanted to get coffee with me sometime.” I said.
He brought a hand up pulling down the bandana that held his hair out of his face. “Wow, um I gotta work late tonight.” he said.
Mortified I stammered, “Oh god, I thought... Shit. Forget I asked. You probably have a girlfriend.” Mortified, I backed up to the door, ready to bolt.
He laughed. “No. That’s not it. I don’t. Have a girlfriend that is.” he grabbed me by the hand, “I would love to have coffee with you, but not this week. I have to work late every night. Why don’t I take a rain check.” he said playing with my fingers, head low as he looked me in the eye to make sure I heard.
“Rain check, gotcha.” I said grinning. I left the shop every urge in me saying I should be skipping while my brain fought back telling me how stupid I would look if I did.
The Gala
“Have a good time!” mom waved at us from the porch as Lyra and I climbed into the waiting limousine. I had been in one once before after my grandmother had died. I was eight. 
I didn’t really understand why everyone was so sad until saw Nana laying in the coffin. She was so pale; the makeup was nice but Nana never wore a lot of makeup. Some part of me could feel that she was not in the coffin, just empty flesh and bone. I told my parents as we drove to the cemetery after the viewing. They put me in therapy and fought about taking me to the funeral at all.
Lyra pulled out a bottle of cider from the cooler. A note was attached. 
Ladies,
Please enjoy the ride and make yourselves comfortable for the journey. I look forward to meeting you both.
W.
The script was fancy like the invitation I had folded in the small hand purse that matched the fancy clothes I was wearing.
Lyra leaned over to grab the glasses out of the cabinet next to me. “Isn’t this fantastic.” She had been so bubbly the entire day that one teacher had told her to leave the class until she had settled down. “Mom said the Silver Moon Society is a big deal.” she used air quotes around big deal. 
The ride was uneventful and much longer than I expected. It took almost two hours on I-5 before the limo exited somewhere near Everett. Crossing the valley into Snohomish, we headed for the Cascades. The location of the Silver Moon Society for Washington State was nestled in a small valley full of giant pines. The drive to the house had to have been a mile long after the driver punched in a code to open the enormous wrought iron gates that were shaped like the crescent moon from the invitation.
“Holy shit,” I said, awed by the size of the house as we pulled out of the trees and onto the round drive, gravel crunching under the tires. The driver opened the door offering his hand and I carefully set my foot down on the gravel so as not to off balance in the heels. Goose bumps lifted along my arms as I put my hand in his. “This is amazing.” trying to hide my reaction to him behind awe at the size of the place. He tried to hide a small grin by dipping his head allowing his hat to cover his face. 
“Thanks,” I said, letting go of his hand. He turned and helped Lyra from the car.
“Cripes this place is gigantic,” Lyra smoothed the skirt of her dress with both hands heading for the steps.
The house was white stone and grey brick. Towers flanked either side like guardians, the windows lit up like lights on a Christmas tree. A giant dark wood door dominated the front like the gates of a castle. The crescent moon was inlaid in silver at the center of the door the filigree patterns swirling and dancing in the light of the full moon above. 
As we approached, the doors opened silently releasing a wave of music out into the courtyard. I took a deep breath of the pine scented night air then stepped through into the foyer.
Stairs wound up to a second level from two sides of the foyer. Doors opened to the left and right from where we stood gawking at the tiered crystal chandelier overhead like country bumpkins. 
Lyra leaned over putting her lips on my ear, “This place is sparkly.” her breath tickled my neck as she spoke. She stepped into the center of the foyer spinning in a circle her dress flying up around her bare feet. The crescent pattern was repeated in the marble of the floor. 
The driver had followed us inside quietly closing the doors behind us. I saw no sign of who had opened the doors. He took off his chauffeur hat, placing it on a hook next to the door then removed his coat to reveal a white tuxedo shirt complete with silver cummerbund at his waist. A black jacket hung on the peg next to the hat. 
He turned back to us buttoning the jacket then straightened the cuffs. “My name is Mark, would you follow me please?” he still had the slight grin as he performed a small bow holding out one hand toward the open doors on the right. Lyra stopped her spinning grabbing my arm to steady herself. We followed Mark through a short hallway to a ballroom strung with white lights and silver tulle.
The room held a handful of men and women all dressed in formal attire. As I stepped inside the door it was like pushing through waist deep water. I gasped for air as the pressure rose to encompass my chest making it difficult to breath. Lyra held my arms from behind holding me up. Her voice was shrill as she shouted, “Someone help.” 
Mark scooped me up in his arms. The air felt thick as he lifted me and headed for the center of the room. I wanted to tell him to take me back outside but there was no breath in my lungs. As we neared the center of the room the pressure eased. All eyes were on me as I was set down in the very center of the ballroom. 
A tall woman dressed in silver and white glided across the wood floor until she stood above my head, her hair fell in inky black waves to her waist. I was betting it was longer in the back.
 Lyra was at my side still holding my hand tightly in hers. My breathing was becoming steady again. She glanced up as the silver shoes stopped at my head. I watched her eyes grow large with surprise then close as she bowed her head in respect to the older woman.
I knew I was missing something other than air. Rolling onto my side, I propped myself up on my hands and knees even more grateful I chose a formal outfit that included pants. The pressure that had overwhelmed me was easing, allowing me the chance to breathe normally. “What the hell was that?” I said still woozy from the lack of oxygen I was not sure if I wanted to try and stand. 
“You are sensing the others but because you have not had your full change yet you were overwhelmed by it.” The woman reached down a hand to help me stand up. “It will become easier as you adjust. It will seem like background noise after your change.” 
Her hand was cool in mine, like Lyra’s when I got angry at some ass-hat at school, her grip strong. Lyra still knelt on the floor, her eyes downcast. “What change? What are you talking about?” 
Her smile was gentle as she bent at the waist laying her hands on either side of Lyra’s face. “Rise and stand as one of us, Lyra, Daughter of the Moon.” Again I had the feeling I was missing something  important. “It is fortunate that you happen to come upon Beth before her change. Coincidence is the universe's way of helping us in times of need.”
“Yes, ma’am.” I had never seen Lyra so quiet. She was always respectful but never quiet. As she rose to her feet she blinked a few times, shook her head, then flung her arms around the other woman in a hug. “This is so exciting,” she squeaked. Back to normal. 
“My name is Willow. I have been looking forward to meeting you both,” the woman said after we had made our way to the side of the room. There was a side table with food on fancy silver trays.A large crystal punch bowl filled with a golden liquid and floating fruit dominated the center of the table. 
I grabbed a plate and began to heap it with cuts of meat and cheeses. The unexpected lack of oxygen after the long drive had made me hungry. Everything looked and smelled amazing. Lyra was next to me adding fruit and fresh veggies to her plate. She rarely ate meat and then only chicken or fish. I glanced over my shoulder to find out what had happened to our host.
Willow sat on a couch meant for lounging, one side swept up to over a sort of headrest or armrest depending called a divan. A couple of chairs faced her making a comfortable seating arrangement for conversation. She motioned for us to finish filling our plates. 
I sank into the soft cushion of the chair trying to balance a plate of food on my knees. Willow beckoned to Mark who brought a pair of low side tables. With a place to set my plate, I felt a little better about digging in. After a moment Willow got down to business.
“I know you must be confused about what just happened and why we have asked you here,” I could only nod, my mouth full of roast beef. “ The Silver Moon Society was created to assist and maintain balanced relations among supernatural entities. Laura and Jasmine Wych founded our organization in the mid 1800’s with the help of a Priest named Samuel.” She spoke with her hands, her fingers were long and delicate. Several silver rings encircled each finger so that her hands sparkled in the light. 
“So there are more than just witches out there?” Lyra asked around a mouthful of dinner roll. 
“Yes. There are vampires, shape shifters and sidhe that make up three of the largest groups. Witches or Sorcery being the fourth. Each group has different sub classes within their own structure.” she said taking a fluted glass of champagne from a silver tray as a server passed by.
“Vampires and werewolves? Are you serious?” I looked around the room for hidden cameras. 
Willow did a slow blink. “Completely.” 
“You felt my magic, Beth. Why would it be so hard to believe in the rest?” Lyra leaned over and put her hand on mine. Her touch was a cool breeze over fevered skin.
“So why did I get the invitation to join instead of Lyra? I am not a witch.” 
Willow took a small sip from her glass. “Lyra and her family have been members of the Society since her initiation into the Crescent Coven. As for why you have been invited, you are a special case. A True Alpha.” Willow stood and crossed the small space between the couch and chairs. 
I felt her energies mingle with mine. She was like a burning frost. I felt sure my breath would come out in a cloud. “A child born at the apex of a Blue Moon. Rare and powerful.”
It took a few moments for her words to make their way through my fogged mind. “What does that mean? I still don’t understand.” I said. Lyra still held my hand in hers. I focused on her cool breeze. Closing my eyes, I concentrated on the feeling clawing my way up out of the cold winter of Willow’s aura.
Lyra came to my rescue, “I don’t mean to be rude but you are causing her some serious turmoil. Could you back up?” As an after thought she added, “Please?” 
The change was immediate. I was able to open my eyes again. Willow went back to the divan, smoothing her long skirt underneath herself. “Terribly sorry. You are more sensitive than I expected.” she said.
“In short, we wanted to make you aware of your unique abilities before they manifested in an unfortunate manner. We thought we were too late when we heard about the recent animal attacks in your area.”
“What?” her words hit me hard. People were dead and it might be my fault? “How do you know it wasn’t me?” the words tumbled out like blocks knocked over by a toddler.
Her expression was soft as she said, “When you arrived, you walked over a sigel in the floor, remember?” Nodding, I recalled the crescent and circle inlaid into the marble. “Well, that symbol is spelled to repel anyone of duplicitous nature. If you were the killer it would not have let you past the foyer.”
I slumped into the seat, I had not realized I was tensely leaning forward until the relief flooded through me. “So you don’t know who it is.” I said.
Willow sighed deeply looking down at the glass in her hands. “No, we don’t. That is the other reason we asked you here. You are the only True Alpha in the Pacific Northwest. If the killer is a Ronin Wolf you are the only one who can control him.”
The surprises just kept piling up. “Control him? I can’t even believe this is happening and you want me to control a murdering psycho werewolf? You’re kidding right?”
“No, not only are you the only one who can keep him from killing anyone else, you are the only one who can find him. Trust me, please. We need to find him before the authorities do or more people are going to be killed.” Willow said.
Lyra let go of my hand and said, “Not to mention we don’t want to cause a mass panic and riots if people find out about supernatural people. You know about magic because I showed you. What do you think the entire population of Seattle would do if they found out that werewolves were real?”
I thought about it for a few moments. I knew I was fairly open minded when it came to the strange and otherworldly. I was certain that the vast majority of normal people would have a hard time believing, and those that did believe would fall under one thought. Kill the monsters.











Changes
When we arrived home, I tossed my purse on the couch, flopped down beside it, then let out a huge sigh. The Gala was more than I had expected. 
Lyra sat down beside me. “Are you going to be OK?” she said.
“I’ll be alright I guess. The full moon is this weekend. Mark thinks I’ll change for the first time.” My stomach was flipping like a dolphin at the aquarium. “I’m scared.”
She reached over me, hugging me tightly. “You’ll be OK. Willow says you are special.” Her reassurance was like a blanket fresh from the dryer. It warmed me up, cheering my mood. I hugged her back.
“Let’s go see if mom bought ice cream.” I said.
###
The full moon was just a few hours away. I paced my living room in an effort to keep from ripping my hair out. I was so nervous I had eaten an entire meatloaf mom had made for dinner that night. 
I hadn’t bothered to go to school. Ben and Cassie had been putting the pressure on me since the locker incident. I didn’t have the patience not to blow up in their face. 
I was so wound up, when the doorbell chimed I almost peed my pants. 
Devon stood on the porch, hands in his pockets, rocking on his heels. “Hey,” he said.
“Hey,”
“I haven’t seen you in a few days. Want to hit the mall with me?” he said. “I wanted to talk to you.”
Panic hit me hard. my hands started to shake and I felt the blood drain from my face. “I..I can’t,” I said, keeping my eyes on my feet. “Mom wanted to have a girls night tonight.” That was a lie. Mom was out with her boyfriend and wouldn’t be back until late.
“Since when did you want to hang with your mom?” He asked. 
Devon was going t be difficult. “Listen, I just can’t OK.” I said hoping that would end it and he would leave. I started to close the door. Devon stuck his foot inside blocking it from closing all the way. “What the hell, Devon. Get out of the way.”
He put his hand on the door pushing it back open. I could feel the red anger rising up inside me again. I needed to redirect the rage somewhere other than the jerk in the doorway.
“I just want to talk to Beth. I need to tell you some things.” he said keeping pressure on the door. He brought his other hand up to take a lock of my hair in his fingers. “This isn’t easy for me you know,” his words seemed odd but I really needed him to leave. 
Putting my anger into forcing the door closed seemed like the best plan. I concentrated on the red feeling, willing my muscles to close the door despite having an older, stronger person holding it open. 
The door move slowly but surely. I saw the strain in Devon’s arm as it shook from his effort to keep the door open. With my other hand, I pushed him in his chest out the door, slamming it shut in his face.
The anger was still there. I was mad that Devon had not respected me enough to leave me alone when I had asked him to. He was cute, just not that cute. Everything that had been happening to me the last few weeks had me rethinking a lot of things in my life.
Another knock at the door and my anger deflated. I just wanted to climb into the shower and wash the entire day away. “Go away, Devon.” I called from the couch. 
I heard the door open, I didn’t get up. Instead I grabbed the phone. “I have the phone and will call 911 if you don’t leave.”
“Are you sure you want me to go? I mean, I’m sure you’ll do fine for your first shift.” Mark said from the hallway. 
With a deep sigh I rolled my eyes at him. “Come in, Mark. The neighbor guy was just here. He wouldn’t leave.”Mark moved into the living room, sitting on the other side of the couch from where I was curled up.”I don’t understand it. He has been really cool. 
“Is he going to be a problem?” he leaned over placing his hand on my knee. His fingers were calloused and rough on my skin, a shiver of electricity washed over my legs from where he touched me. “You really don’t need anyone setting you off balance right now.”
I felt the heat rush to my cheeks, “No, I know. I’ll tell him I need some time.” As I spoke I stood up and headed for the kitchen. I was hungry again.
“God! What is this? I am starving,” I said.
Mark followed me into the kitchen rummaging through the cupboards and drawers. “It is your body getting ready for the change. You want meat right?”
At my nod he opened the fridge and began pulling out anything that was meat. Raw hamburger, lunch meat, leftover chicken breast. They all piled up on the counter. My mouth began to water.
He peeled open the plastic from the ground beef first. The hair on the back of my neck stood up, I took a deep breath in through my nose. “Oh god,”The smell of the meat was strong. 
Part of me was disgusted with my desire for the raw beef. The other part wanted to stuff the pink pulp of ground meat into my mouth letting the blood drip down my chin. I managed to keep some dignity until Mark took a scoop from the pack and stuffed the meat in his mouth.
I pounced. Quicker than thought, I had a mouth full of raw beef. The taste was more than I expected and better than I had anticipated. I looked up at Mark across the counter top. 
His brown eyes had turned a golden yellow. He winked at me. “Eat up. It will make it easier.” he said opening the chicken and heading to the kitchen table.
###
We ate it all. Mark left the remainder of the ground beef for me. I devoured it all within moments. 
When we were finished and the kitchen had been cleared of all the wrappers, it was almost dark. I went to my room and put on a pair of black stretch pants and a loose black tank top. 
Mark had advised I wear something I wouldn't mind losing if the shift became violent and uncontrolled. I left everything else behind.
Mark and I drove out to Lyra’s. Her parents owned a large chunk of wooded acreage with a manufactured home on it a few miles out of town. 
Lyra met us at the door as we pulled up the drive. The sun was already touching the tops of the trees. “Hurry, mom has the circle ready in the back yard.” She disappeared back inside the house, the screen door slamming behind her. Mark took a black duffle bag from the back of his black SUV and headed for the front door. 
I followed Lyra as fast as possible through the house. I didn’t have time to stop and look at anything until I reached the back deck. 
The first thing I saw was light everywhere. Lyra’s mother, Nova, stood between a pair of tiki torches that were part of a larger circle of candles. She was dressed in a long white gown of sheer silk. The fabric weaving through the breeze as she raised her arms to the sky  was caught up at her slender waist by a cord woven of gold and silver.
The backyard was landscaped to allow for the large ritual space. Flat stones and natural rock made easy places to set candles. A small waterfall at the west side trickled into a small pond while a brazier of red coals glowed to the south. 
I didn’t get to see the representations of the other elements because Lyra grabbed my wrist, pulling me down the steps of the deck and out into the circle next to her mother.
Nova smiled bringing her hands down as she completed her ritual. The silver crown on her brow came to a point between her brows with a cloudy white stone set in the silver. “Are you ready sweetheart?” her voice was soft and sweet like honeysuckle in the summer. 
My skin was prickly and sensitive. My senses jacked up from the overload of energy running through me. I couldn’t keep still. I caught a scent of sandalwood from the east as the wind shifted. “I guess.” I said.
Mark tossed the duffel bag on the bench that surrounded the deck and joined us in the circle. “I really appreciate this, Nova. She will be much safer here than in town.” he said giving her a hug. 
“My pleasure, Mark. I am honored to help a True Alpha with her first change.” she said. “I have the spell you were asking about. Charlene was very excited when I told her who I needed it for,” 
Mark laughed.”I’ll just bet she was. Ms. Talon is as rare a woman as you can get.” I rubbed my hands up and down my arms. Nova’s expression softened as she caught my nervous gesture.
“The barrier should be in place as soon as I get it attuned to you both.”she said taking a small dagger that was attached to the cord at her waist she took Marks hand, piercing the pad of his left thumb until a single drop of blood coated the tip of the blade. The copper penny taste hit the back of my throat as if I swallowed a cup of rich red liquid. I took a deep shivering breath in through my mouth.
She turned to me holding out her hand.
I placed my left hand in hers and she repeated the act of blood drawing on my thumb. It stung for a moment then the blood welled up, crimson on silver. Mesmerized, I missed the words she said as she held the blade up to the sky. 
The sun was down below the trees and stars dotted the black expanse above us. Nova pressed the bloody blade to my forehead. I could feel the sticky blood left behind, it was cool against my skin.
The ritual complete, I was still unclear exactly what it was meant to do. Mark had said something about a spell to keep us on the property in case we lost ourselves in the change.
I didn’t much like the idea of losing control of myself. It was one of the reasons I didn’t drink or do drugs like most kids my age. But Fate had dealt me the Alpha card and I was just stubborn enough to make it work for me.
Off in the trees I heard the owl call to its mate. The sound drew my attention away from Mark and Nora who spoke quietly with each other. I walked to the edge of the grass that was cut and trimmed. A few feet away was the forest. Tall sentinel pines and a few dogwoods crowded together until the forest was black under the branches of woven needles. 
I cocked my head to one side as the darkness faded away and the undergrowth became clearer. I blinked certain I was imagining the clarity. 
Turning back to the yard I saw that Nova and Lyra were gone. Mark stood in the circle of candle light. He had taken off his t-shirt and jeans. He stood naked in the yard. I gasped. Not because I had never seen a naked man before, but because he was amazing. 
His skin was pale except his arms and neck. A farmer's tan. Well muscled arms and chest rose and fell in quick breaths like my own. His eyes had turned that golden color I had seen in the kitchen earlier. He reached out a hand wanting me to come to him. 
My breath came in short panting gasps as I crossed the grass walking back into the circle of light. 
“Take your clothes off,” he said with a hint of growl in his voice. Something deep inside of me responded to that growl. I felt something unfolding inside me reaching up through my body until it came out through my mouth. 
I howled. 
The sound was high and sure, leaping into the night on silver paws. Mark’s deeper voice joined mine, dancing and weaving in and out in a complex dance of music.
I took my clothes off, standing bare in the circle next to Mark, as the full moon rose above the black treetops from the east. The enormous silver-white sphere dominated the sky as it made its slow journey through the sparkling waters of the Milky Way.




The Wolf
An owl called deep in the cover of the forest. I watched her walk away from the witch and the man. I had witnessed the entire ritual. She approached the treeline.
With the moon on her skin, she looked like a lupine goddess. Her true form overlay her human one in a play of light and shadow. I was mesmerized by her beauty. She was so close. I pressed back against the rough bark of the tree.
Her scent was overwhelming now. I had to remain still, forcing my body not to run out into the silvered clearing.  I did not wish to startle her again. After her change she would understand and we would run under the moon. 
She was scenting the wind. Her hazel eyes spiraled into a glacial blue. The beast within her was exquisite. The vague form solidifying with each passing moment the moon rose higher in the night. 
A small whimper escaped me as she turned and walked back to the man.
No.
Not a man. Another wolf. My hackles rose in anger, my lip curling back from sharp white teeth. I would use them to tear him apart and taste his blood before the night was through.














The Run
I wasn’t cold standing there naked in the moonlight. I didn’t even really think about how I was standing nude in a yard with a guy I barely knew. Who also happened to be naked.
The world was brighter than I ever remembered. Each candle flame was a tiny sun dancing for me on a playful breeze of sandalwood scented air. My skin prickled and all the hairs stood on end. 
I glanced down at my arm to see that the hair had turned a silvery white. Each one visible to my eyes. My skin began to change color, then I noticed it was because more hair was slowly emerging, rising up through the flesh like watching grass grow on one of those sped up videos. 
My knuckles popped, breaking my fascination with the fur growing over my body. It hurt. Each of my joints popped in turn sending pain filled lighting through my entire body. “It hurts,” I gasped out doubling over. My stomach was on fire, like I has swallowed molten rock.
With a trembling hand I reached up to Mark. His hands were already starting to change. Long black claws tipped each finger. His body was covered in smooth black fur. His golden eyes looked back at me from a face with a long muzzle and black wolf nose. 
He still stood on two legs. His grip steady and sure on mine gave me a point of strength to cling to. I tried to stand with him but my knees made a loud cracking sound, popping out of place. I screamed and fell to the grass. Mark kept a strong grasp on my hand.
White claws burst from my fingertips sending red blood spurting out across his face.  A pink tongue flashed out, licking it clean.
Spasms rocked my entire body and I focused on Mark’s hand in mine. My world turned to red pain except for the bright spot of calm that was his grip. Time slowed down as I twisted and jerked uncontrollably.
And then it all stopped. 
The pain was gone. Somewhere during my wild flailing, Mark had wrapped his entire body around mine pressing the front of our bodies together. I saw us in the still waters of the small pond.
White fur and black. My Silver eyes and  his in gold. Like Yin and Yang we stood there holding each other. I turned my face to look at him and he looked down into my eyes. I thought I saw a touch of surprise there. As if something about my change had shocked him.
 I felt my skin growing hot under my fur. I needed to run. Let the night air cool my fevered body. I took off for the trees. The new shape of my body allowed me to cover the distance in seconds.
I felt Mark behind me. I didn’t know if it was something I could do on my own or part of the spell from Nova. We ran deep into the woods, the sleek fur allowed me to slide past blackberry brambles and brush with easy grace.
 He was a black shadow at my side I felt his thoughts run through my mind like a stream of water over smooth stones. Are you well?
It is like I just woke up from a long dream. I replied. 
You’re amazing. It was as if he couldn't hide his thoughts from me. I watched him trip on a small stone as he realized I had heard his thoughts. 
I laughed, the sound coming out through my nose in a breathy huffing. 
We stopped in a clearing tumbling and wrestling with each other. Each movement helping me adjust to the new form. It was magical.
 Still having some of the masculine human form in his build as a werewolf, he stood in the tall grass watching me.I ran my white furred hand up the silky black of his chest. You’re not half bad yourself. I told him.
One arm caught me around the waist and the other the back of my neck. My own hands snaked around his waist. He held me tightly and buried his face in the long mingle of fur and hair that framed my face. Want you, need you. I felt his emotions building. I nipped at the side of his neck then ran my tongue across his face. 
The action both shocked and aroused me. Pushing away from him I ran to the far side of the clearing closer to the trees shadowed from the bright white disk that was reaching its peak in the night sky. I looked back at Mark standing there on two legs in the tall waves of grass.
He was still beautiful. Regal and majestic. Not a creature from nightmare depicted in every werewolf movie out there. He was a guardian, sentinel against the darkness.
You are mine, I will kill him for you. Another presence filled my mind. I turned in time to see a large grey blur fly past me heading for Mark. 
A short bark of fear escaped me.
###
The emotions that rolled through me from this new voice was almost alien. Possession and anger filled him. I knew it was male and somehow I knew it was the same werewolf I had seen in my yard weeks ago.
The grey wolf lunged at Mark, his arms out in front to tear at the other wolf-man with claws. They connected, sending them both down into the grass and out of my line of sight. I started to run forward wanting to help Mark.
As I drew closer I saw them. Mark had the other wolf by the throat with one hand, the other wrapped around the wrist of his attacker who straddled him snapping his long white fangs just inches from Mark’s face. His eyes connected with mine for a heartbeat. RUN!
I turned and fled the clearing. I knew I was no match for the grey wolf. He was twice my size. Who was he? What were the odds that another werewolf would be in these woods with us tonight.
Then I remembered Willow’s talk of a murdering shape shifter. Terror sped my legs faster dropping me to all four. I ran full out in a loping run, my feet and hands often leaving the ground at the same time until I felt like I was flying.
Ahead of me through the trees was a shimmer of iridescent light. It wavered like a curtain in a breeze. I stopped just short of the barrier. I could hear crickets and the wind in the trees. A musky scent caught my attention drawing me back into the woods I had just fled.
The smell of musk and meat become all. I leaned into the earth tasting it on the roof of my mouth. I forgot about the grey attacker and Mark fighting in the clearing. My steps became light and quick as I traced the scent through the trees. 
Foot raised in mid step, I stopped as I caught sight of the deer. She was small and young. Her head raised up, black eyes darting this way and that as she scanned the trees for danger. As still as could be, I waited. 
Her head bent back to the grass at her feet.
With that supernatural speed I had run through the forest with, I took the deer by the throat. Blood welled up from were my sharp fangs had burst through the skin and fur of the creature's neck. I swallowed some and let the rest pour out onto the dirt and pine needles that covered the forest floor.
A few last convulsive twitches and the deer was dead. I raised my head to the moon calling for the rest of the pack. The males would have sorted their dominance play by now. I was alpha and I called for them to come to me.
Out of the darkness between the trees, the two of them came. Black shadow and grey smoke. Black limped on three legs while Grey nursed a deep wound on his flank. Eat, feed, meat I thought tearing a strip of hide from the soft underside of the kill. 
More blood welled up from where I bit down. Grey tried to nose in and push me aside. I lashed out with a clawed hand slicing him open on his shoulder. He yipped in pain and shock. Mine. He backed away head down. 
After eating until my belly was full, I licked the blood from my fur. It was a good hunt. My pack was not hungry. I howled at the moon as it touched the top of the trees to the west following the path of the sun. 
Black licked my face to get my attention. I liked him. More than Grey. Grey smelled wrong and yet something in me knew his scent.
Black brought his hands up to hold my face. His golden gaze pierced my thoughts. Beth, Beth come back to me. I licked his nose. Elizabeth Channing. Come back.
Elizabeth. That was me. What was going on? Mark held my face in his hands.Willing me to come back to my humanity. Mark? Oh my god, what did I do?













His Past
We were back at the house, wrapped in blankets and sipping hot tea left out for us. The sky was a faint pink and orange in the east as the sun started to rise. 
The shift back to my human body was easy. It was still painful but I was able to keep my composure as my body reverted. I was exhausted and sore. I just wanted to curl up in my bed and sleep for hours. 
“Who was that other wolf?” I asked holding the hot mug between my hands while trying to keep the blanket over my shoulders.
Mark’s eyebrows came low and met in the middle, “I’m not sure.” he rummaged in the duffel bag he had brought the night before. Pulling out a pair of jeans and a shirt, Mark started to get dressed. A moment later he handed me a pair of sweats and another plain black t shirt. 
Lyra opened the door, rubbing one eye and yawning deeply, “Wanna crash? Mom fixed up the guest room.” 
Picking up the duffle Mark said, “Thanks Lyra, Tell your mom she rocks.”
She raised a brow at him closing the door just enough to keep him standing outside, “Beth gets the guest room. You get the couch. Moms orders.”
“Alright,” he chuckled. She opened the door allowing him to pass into the house.
Lyra helped me wobble to the guest bedroom. I only hit the walls once or twice on my way. Settling down into the warm comforter and clean sheets of the guest bed, I took a deep breath of the tea trying to relax my shoulders. Everything throbbed with a dull ache. My limbs felt as if I had done a gym workout worthy of Mister Universe.
“So...” Lyra asked shutting the door behind her and leaning back against it. “What was it like?” she asked.
“What was what like?”
“The change.” she said raising her hands in exasperation. She pounced on the end of the bed, leaving me to try and balance the mug full of hot tea as the bed rolled. 
“Lyra, Hot tea.” I exclaimed, pointing at the mug with my free hand. 
She blushed a moment then verbally pounced again. “Tell me everything, mom made me sit in the living room the entire time.” she pouted a little her lower lip stuck out of her frown.
With a heavy sigh I said, “I will tell you everything. I promise. Later” her pout became more pronounced. “Lyra, I am exhausted. I need sleep. I promise when I wake up we can talk and I will give you all the tiny details.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Pinky promise?” she said holding up one long pinky finger.
I wrapped mine around hers and said “Pinky Promise.” She left, closing the door behind her.
My eyes dropped shut, my chin hitting my chest and the hot tea spilled on my chest. “Holy shit!”
I set the mug on the side table, stripped off the wet clothes and examined the bed. It was tea free. I climbed back in and was asleep in moments.
###
I thought things were going to get weird with Mark after we had spent the night running naked together. He was still asleep when I finally wandered out into the living room at two in the afternoon. His arm was up over his head, fingers through his unruly dark hair.
A small snore escaped his open mouth stopping mid snort as he rolled on to his side. The blanket fell down exposing his bare back. 
“Wow,” Lyra said quietly from the kitchen. She held out a cup of coffee to me. 
“You don’t know the half of it.” I said returning my gaze to the couch recalling how he looked standing naked in the moonlight.
I can still hear you Marks thoughts drifted through my mind like dark smoke on a warm breeze. My eyebrows shot up, my face burning. I turned, pushing Lyra out of the way, and headed for the kitchen table. 
I could see the yard from the table. “It looks less magical somehow in the day light” I said. A sparkle of light from the pond blinded me for a moment, when my vision cleared, multi-colored leaves floated and twirled merrily in the fall breeze against a dark green and brown backdrop of ancient Evergreens.
Nova set her own cup down on the table, pulling out a chair to join me. “I take it the place argued with you.” at my nod she said. “The earth is a lady and every bit as vain as any human woman.”
“I’ll be sure to watch what I say.” I said.
“A good life lesson for every aspect of your life.”
Mark rolled over. “Morning ladies.” the blanket barely covered his waist.
I watched Lyra blush from head to toe, bringing her own cup up to cover her face. I grinned. “It’s afternoon, Lazy.”
“Hey, I was kept awake all night babysitting.” he said throwing back the blankets to reveal a pair of gym shorts and white socks.
Nova lifted a hand to stop my reply, “We need to discuss how the night went.” she said. Her tone seemed formal.
“Did Willow ask you to keep tabs on me?” I asked.
Her look said it all. “Yes, she did. I think it is for the best. There hasn’t been an Alpha in this area for a very long time. She wants to make sure you are kept safe.”
I rolled my eyes, but I respected Nova and didn’t argue. “Alright. Did my mom call today? She was out with Philip when we left the house.” 
“Yes, she did. I told her you girls spent all night watching the Twilight movies. I thought for sure she was going to ask me which one.” I laughed. Yeah that sounded like mom.
Mark sauntered into the kitchen. He had that walk guys get when they know someone is watching them. Every female eye in the house was. 
Flipping a mug over and pouring a cup of coffee, he said, “We had another wolf out there with us.”
“What?” Nova and Lyra said simultaneously.
“Another wolf joined us about half way through the night. He was grey, and very much a he.” I said remembering how his thoughts felt inside my head. I rubbed my arms from a slight shiver that ran through me as I recalled the night.
Mark caught the movement. “Something about him bothers you.” He flipped a chair around sitting with his arms draped across the back. 
“No, well I’m not sure. It seemed like he knew me. I thought that was odd but then you told me to run and...” my voice trailed off. I wasn’t ready to talk about how I had killed the deer.
Catching my hesitation Mark picked up, “ And you did the right thing. The barrier would have stopped you from leaving the property and hurting anyone. I needed you safe away from the fight.
“Let’s focus on preparing you for next time. If what Willow tells me about Apha’s is true, you should be able to control him and then we can find out who he is.”
“Gee, no pressure.” I said the sarcasm was dripping. “There have to be more Alphas out there in the world, why not just call one of them to help train me and catch whoever is killing people.” 
“Alphas are very rare. You have to be born at the right time to be gifted with the ability. Last night you changed to a wolf because I was with you. If it had been a were-cat, you would have changed into one of those. Until you learn to control it, you take the form of the dominant were-animals of the area.” Mark said.
“How did you become a werewolf? You’re not an Alpha.” Lyra asked.
He frowned taking a sip from his coffee cup. “ I was bit.” He turned showing a silver white scar on his side. I hadn’t noticed it before he pointed it out. “It happened a few years ago. A friend and I had gone to a concert on the beach.” he stopped to rub the bridge of his nose.
Touching his arm lightly I said, “You don’t have to tell us.”
He smiled with only half his mouth, “It’s alright. It just...I just have a hard time telling the story.”
Nova stood up from the table, “Well, I need to head to work. You will have one less person to intimidate you as you tell the story.” She winked at him, turned and left the kitchen in a twirl of gauzy skirts.
The smile returned to his face. It made me happy to see him smile. I could still feel him inside my head, but quieter. Like he was whispering. Please share your story.
He lifted his face to look me in the eyes. “My best friend Ted and I stopped at a gas station Ted stayed outside while I went in to get smokes and beef jerky. There was a guy near the beer cooler that looked like he was strung out on something, the cashier and another older guy, I think he was a truck driver.”
I finished my coffee, pushed the cup into the center of the table and took Marks hand in mine. It seemed natural. He didn’t move his hand, instead curling his fingers between mine. “The strung out guy was the werewolf huh.”
He turned his face down, staring hard at his hands, “Yeah. He tore up the old guy, then bit me. I don’t remember much after that. I found out later Ted was killed trying to get me out of the station.”
Lyra gasped, her hands flew to cover her mouth, “Oh no. I’m so sorry I asked.”
He smiled, though his eyes and thoughts remained sad, “It’s alright, like I said, it was a few years ago. I have worked through it. Mostly.”
We were all quiet for a long awkward moment. 
Lyra jumped up, grabbing the empty cups off the table, “Well, I am going to go gather up some things to help us focus your energies.” 
###
October became a blur of school and training with Mark. Devon came over almost a week after the full moon. I had just tossed my school pack on the couch and was about to get something to eat before Mark arrived to take me to the gym.
Devon’s knock was loud, a fist banging on the metal door. I opened the door fast, about to tear into whoever was being so rude. Devon stood there, his arms stretched out on either side of the door frame. Head bowed so his black hair covered his face like a curtain.
“Devon, what the hell. Why are you pounding on my door?” I said.
He pushed me aside as he entered the house. I was not sure what his problem was but his rudeness was unacceptable. “Where is he?” he said stomping through the house.
 I followed a few steps behind. “Where is who Devon? What the hell are you talking about?”
 “I know you have been hanging out with him, now where is he?” he whirled around to face me, his voice low, angry. Waves of hostility radiated from him. 
“He who?” I said my voice raising in my confusion. Devon grabbed me by the shoulders shaking me. 
“The other guy you’ve been seeing, damn it.” his breath was hot in my face and smelled of alcohol.
He was scaring the shit out of me. I knocked his arms off me, pushing him back. He flew across the room landing in a heap bunched up against the far wall. “What the hell is wrong with you?” I screamed at him. Devon lifted himself up on one elbow.
“I’m sorry, I just thought we had something. I thought...”his voice trailed off. He picked himself up off the floor. His entire body gone limp, with rejection. 
His words finally made sense. “You thought we were going out?” I asked.
“Well, yeah. Didn’t you?”
“Jesus, Devon. Normally you ask a girl to go out with you. You don’t just assume that you are.” I was in shock at his presumption. 
“But we went out.” he seemed honestly confused. Pity formed like a punch to the stomach. 
“Devon, we went out to coffee. With two other people.” I said. His shoulders slumped even further. “Oh my god, I feel like an asshole.” he said heading for the door. His cheeks had turned bright red. 
“No, don’t.” I said. He stopped at the front door, turning to look at me. “Mark will be here in a few minutes to pick me up. He is my trainer.” It was my turn to be embarrassed. “Is that who you were talking about? The other guy?” I asked.
“I don’t know who he is. Bren said that he saw a guy over here picking you up every day after school for the past week. I got home early today and had a few beers. I guess I kinda lost it thinking that you were seeing someone else.” he approached me with caution, hands out with his palms up pleading.His eyes were so sad looking. I broke and walked into his embrace. 
“I’m sorry.” I said. “Yeah, Mark has been picking me up after school.”
Devon stepped back. “I’m really sorry, you must think I am a total douchebag.”
“No, no. I guess it is my fault.” I said. “Why don’t you and I go out sometime. Catch a movie or something.”
“Yeah, that would be cool.” he said running his hand through his hair in the tell tale nervous gesture. “I have some stuff I wanted to talk to you about. I was trying to build up the nerve to come talk to you about it. Hence the beer.” he blushed again hiding his face behind his hair.
“OK. How about tonight, say around seven?” I said.
“Sure.” 
Devon left. I was shaking and confused. Did I just set up a date with him? I ran both hands through my hair, eyes closed trying to calm myself. God, I almost threw him through the wall. 
Mark opened the door. I told him the first day he didn’t need to bother knocking. Just to come right in and holler to let me know he was here. He saw me standing in the hallway. I peeked out at him from between my hair and fingers.
His eyes narrowed. “Beth, what’s wrong?” I felt his worry like I had felt Devon’s anger. 
“It’s nothing. I am just freaking out. Devon just asked me out, or, well...I asked him out. Gah!” I threw my hands up stomping into the living room. I flopped myself down on the couch. “I don’t know what to think with him. He came over here all pissed because he thought I was dating you.” I said tossing out one hand in his direction. ‘That’s crazy. You’re like five years older than me.”
“Gee, thanks.” he said taking a seat on the recliner, his mouth perked up in a grin. The corners dropped again into a frown and he asked. “Are you going to be OK?”
I got a flash of deja vu from the last time he had asked me that. This time I felt his concern and he leaned over, elbows on his knees earnestly trying to comfort me. “Can you feel what I am feeling? Like I can feel what you are feeling?” I asked.
Leaning back in the recliner he said. “What brought that on?”
“I don’t know, I mean, I can feel your emotions when we are near each other, like now. Earlier I could feel Devon. It was weird.”
“Maybe it is an Alpha thing,” he said standing. “Come on lazy, we need to get you in shape for the next full moon.” 
###
We had been training every day since my first change. He pushed me hard. Sometimes yelling in my face, the veins in his forehead popping out. On those days I cried myself to sleep, sore all over. The next full moon was in a few days and I was finally getting sleep without needing an hour long bath to relax the soreness from my body.
Today was different. No yelling. We had done some sparring and wrestling. I had pinned him to the gym mat in a matter of moments. Strength wise I was stronger than him, but he still weighed more than I did and was able to toss me across the room.
We had moved out into the park next to the gym, running through the trees and grass playing a game of tag. Mark had caught me by one arm, spinning me around until I lost my footing, toppling into the grass laughing.
I was sweating and covered in dead grass and leaves, laying on the ground panting. Mark was in similar shape beside me, bent over with his hands on his knees trying to catch his breath. “You’re stronger than me.” he said.
I laughed. It was half choked because I was still trying to force air into my lungs. “I noticed. Is that because I am an Alpha or because you’re a wimp?”
He glared and kicked a puff of dust and grass at me. “I am glad to see you laughing again.”
“Well, for a while there I thought I was going to die from muscle spasms but, yeah, today I feel pretty good. Devon and I are going to dancing with Lyra and Brendan. You should come.” I said without thinking.
“Are you sure  Devon will be OK with that?” he said.
“He should be. Besides, I want you guys to get along. You’re pack and he is, well, I guess he is my boyfriend. I want him to know you are safe. That I am safe with you.” I said. I think I was trying to convince myself more than Mark.
“We’ll see.” was all he said.



Sunrise
The place was called Sunrise. Lyra had told me the owner was a sorceress her mom knew. The bouncer at the door was the largest black man I had ever seen. He had to be at least seven feet tall with tribal tattoos covering most of both his meaty arms that stretched the plain black t shirt he wore. 
The name Hauser was done in white over his heart. Lyra gave him her I.D. and placed something in his hand. He lifted the rope allowing us to walk through the front door. 
The dance floor was hopping when we passed through the foyer into the main floor of the club. Devon held my hand tightly as we made our way further in to the club searching for a table. Lyra bounced along ahead, leading us deeper into the place. 
My skin prickled, the hair standing on edge as we squeezed past a tall couple dressed in long white cloaks. I caught a glimpse of pale skin and bleeding, red eyes before they were lost again in the swirl of dancing pulsating bodies.
I was on edge already, seeing something I was sure was supernatural wasn’t helping. I tried to pull free of Devon's grip but he squeezed harder, turned to glare at me. His hostility pulsed through his grip and up my arm. The shock of it caught me off guard. I squeezed his hand back giving him a smile that I knew didn’t quite reach all the way to my eyes. 
Lyra finally stopped bouncing, sliding into a booth near both the bar and the dance floor. I was not sure how she had done it until I noticed the ‘reserved’ sign on the table. Getting in beside her I yelled to be heard over the music, “We had reservations?” With a big Cheshire grin she nodded vigorously and replied, “Yeah, mom knows Charlie. She owns the place.”
Devon had pushed in behind me forcing me to move closer to Lyra or be pressed against him like a window cling. He leaned over my shoulder and said “How did you get us in here without the underage stamp?”
“I want to know how she got us here at all,” Brendan said from the other side of Lyra. “This place is always packed.”
Beaming, Lyra said, “My mom is friends with the owner.”  her mouth formed a round oh. turning to me she said “Speaking of, Mom wants me to take you up to see her. About that thing that happened last month...” her voice trailed off.
I took the hint she was trying not to mention the whole werewolf thing in front of the guys. “Yeah, why don’t we get that over with now then we can enjoy the rest of the night?”
Devon’s lower lip stuck out in a pout, “Can’t it wait? Or why don’t I go with you.”
He still held my hand in a tight grip, squeezing until my fingers felt numb. I did my best not to show how much it hurt. “I guess we can ask.” It was going to be impossible to talk to Charlie while Devon was there. “Or why don’t we wait till later,” I said to Lyra. I pushed on Devon and said, “Let’s go dance.” Anything to get him to let go of my hand.
We headed for the large square space that was raised about a foot from the concrete of the floor. The rest of the club opened up around us. The place had two floors, a ground floor and a balcony level that overlooked the multi-colored lights of the dance floor.
Devon and I found an open spot to dance. Blood rushed back into my fingers as he let go of my hand only to grab my waist, pulling me into his hips. I could feel his possessive thoughts assaulting me, setting me off balance. We gyrated on the dance floor, the music a living beat I could feel deep in my chest. Pounding and pulsating in rhythm with my own heart. Another couple brushed against my back. Lust vibrated up my spine sending me reeling into Devon. spun me around further into the sea of thumping, pounding bodies. I couldn’t breath, couldn't think. Other people's emotions crashed over me in a hurricane of thoughts and feelings that blinded me, leaving me gasping for air. 
I started to panic, breath coming in short gasps because my lungs felt tight. Sweat rolled off me soaking through my top. I pushed against Devon trying to get away. Off the dance floor to someplace less crowded. “Devon,” I managed to gasp out. He smiled mistaking my panic for something else. 
Grabbing his hands, I pulled them off my waist. Before he could grab me again I ran blindly off the dance floor out into the darkness of the club. Devon's hand brushed my back for a moment before I was swallowed by the crowd.
The constricting feeling in my chest eased a bit when I stopped against a far wall. I wasn’t sure where our table was in the writhing mass of humanity. I would find them later. 
I scanned the place finding the restroom sign not far from where I was standing.
###
The bathroom was an oasis of silence and calm from the cacophony of the club. Bright lights illuminated a spacious room decorated like a high class theater restroom. Lady in waiting included. The woman waited on a small chair in a little alcove nestled behind the door. She was dressed in short skirt and corset of creams and browns with a pair of copper steampunk goggles on her head. Her skin was a creamy brown and here eyes where werewolf gold. I gasped, taking a step back.
She curtsied, dropping her gaze. “Miss Channing I presume.”
At my startled gaze she came up out of the curtsy and said, “Ms, Talon insists the staff know all important guests by sight. My name is Amber. What can I help you with?” 
My breath came out in a deep sigh, “ I just need to catch my breath,” I said.
“As you wish,” she said returning to her seat and the electronic reader she had been looking at when I burst through the door. 
Her words finally caught up with me, “Actually, can I ask you a question?” I leaned against the counter, “How am I an important guest?”
Amber smiled her red lipstick framing white teeth and a set of dainty fangs. “You are the first Alpha to live in the Pacific Northwest in a very long time. Everyone knows who you are.” This news shocked and bothered me. I was famous? Mark never said anything about me being the freaking Harry Potter of Shifters. I was glad I was leaning against the counter.
“Shit.” was all I could think to say.
I felt Devon before I saw the door started to open. I had enough time to duck into one of the toilet stalls. 
“Beth? Are you here?” I heard him say from the door.
Amber said, “Sir, this is the ladies room. You need to leave please.”
“I’m just looking for my girlfriend.” he said. “Kind of short, black and purple hair.”
“I’m sorry sir. I have not seen her.” Amber said smoothly.
I heard a stall door slam open. “Sir! You need to leave, now” her voice took on a hint of a growl. I tucked my feet up as I perched on the toilet seat. It was a bit awkward in a skirt and corset but I really did not want Devon to find me just yet. 
“Listen, bitch,” Devon started to say, his voice was interrupted by a yelp of surprise. I wanted to see what was happening. I tried to peek through the crack in the stall door. 
Devon was pressed against the wall, a manicured hand with bright neon blue nails held his head in place. A woman with a deep voice said, “Little pup, the lady asked you to leave. I need to piss and I don’t like little pricks who don’t listen.” the long fingers wrapped through his hair, pulling his face away from the elegant wallpaper. I heard the music for a brief moment then silence again.
“Beth, you can come out now,” Amber said from the door of the stall I was in.
I emerged, straightening my skirt and adjusting my corset. The other woman was tall. Really tall. Long black hair fell down in waves highlighted with bright blue swaths. Large blue eyes dominated her face. She wore a patent leather corset and vinyl pants in the same bright blue as her nails and hair. Tall black boots completed her look.
“Thanks,” I said offering her my hand. 
“My pleasure. That boy needs a lesson or two in chivalry,” she pointed over her shoulder at the door with one hand. “I’m Charlie by the way,” she said taking my hand in the other. 
My entire body vibrates when we touched, it felt like I had touched a live wire that was connected to my g-spot. I could feel her mind rummaging around in mine as I wobbled in my heels. She released my grip letting me sway a moment. Amber gently placed a hand at the small of my back to keep me from falling.  “Wow.” I said when I could speak again. 
Charlie smiled, “I get that,” she said. “Now, who was that super creepy ronin and why was he looking for you?”
“That was Devon, my boyfriend,” I said. It was still kind of weird to say out loud. 
“You can do better than that lone wolf,” she said. 
I was confused, “Devon isn't a werewolf,”
Charlie laugh, it was deep and honest. “He is, sweety. That one is pure ronin. A wolf with no pack. Bad news for werewolves. Who knows though, if your as powerful an Alpha as Willow seems to think then maybe you can handle him.”
I just shook my head. It was all too much to process. Devon was a wolf? “I’ll ask him about it later.” I said
“Why don’t we go up to my office and chat about things.” she said wrapping an arm over my shoulder steering me to the door. Amber opened the door for us nodding and smiling encouragingly at me. I decided to relax and let Charlie lead the way.
###
 I sat in a purple suede leather upholstered chair next to a matching loveseat. Charlies office was box of black glass and purple furniture. An entire wall was tinted glass that overlooked the dance floor below. I could see the spinning, pulsating lights from the club, but no sound reached us.
Charlie had dropped herself into a black office chair behind a large black desk, propping her 18 hole Doc Martens on her desk. A computer monitor showed a naked man in a sheer black bathrobe painted with white stars and moons, lounging on a bed. The caption read “Want to play with my magic wand?”
I blushed, turning to look out the windows at the dancers below. I could see Charlie’s grinning reflection in the glass. 
“Nova tells me you are an Alpha. That’s a treat. Have you had your first change yet?” she said. I turned back trying to avoid glancing at the monitor.
“Yes, Lyra said you were the one who showed Nova the barrier spell. Thanks for that.” I wasn’t sure how to behave around this woman. The energy rolled off her in waves making it hard to concentrate on anything other than sex. I felt like a 15 year old boy.
She shrugged nonchalantly, her breasts rising and falling beneath the tight black corset, “It’s what I do. Besides, you’re way too young to have to think about the ‘What if I Kill someone’ hanging over you.” she swung her feet back down to the floor spinning in her chair. 
A knock at the door gave me a moment to catch my breath as the older woman rose to answer. More relief flooded over me as Lyra and Mark entered the room. I jumped to my feet flinging myself into Marks arms, “Thank god you made it.” I said rubbing against him. Charlie raised a neatly trimmed eyebrow at my reaction to him. “See, I told you. Better.” she said, laughing.
Mark looked understandably confused as he glanced down at me. “What is she talking about?” he rubbed my arms with both hands.
I rolled my eyes not really wanting to talk about it but, “Apparently Devon is a wolf. He could be the grey we saw in the woods.”
“Devon?” he said with a touch of doubt in his voice. 
I pulled him over to the love seat, we sat down not letting go of each other.  My hand ran up and down his thigh. He had worn velvet pants. Lyra moved to the seat I had just vacated. 
“What is going on with you?” she asked watching me rub on Mark. 
“I can’t help it.” I said. I really couldn’t It was like I needed to touch him.
Charlie threw her head back and laughed until tears streamed down her face. Everyone else just stared at her.
Lyra turned to the sorceress, “What am I missing?”
 “They’re bonded.” Charlie gasped out between chuckles. “The Ronin is gonna love that.” 



























The Parking Lot
Devon was waiting outside in the parking lot. He looked pissed. “Where the hell have you been? That giant freak at the front door had me leave. Said I was disrupting,” his hands for air quotes as he passed back and forth in front of Lyra’s car shaking his fists. “What ever. Brendan went home already.”
“I had to use the bathroom,” I said lamely. Mark and Lyra were behind me. He has stopped touching me the moment we had left Charlie’s office. I was a bit disappointed but understood. I was suppose to be Devon’s girlfriend. 
Lyra wrapped her arm through mine “I found her when she tried to get back to the table. We went up to talk to Charlie. When we couldn’t find you we asked Houser if he had seen you leave,”
Devon stopped pacing, “That Neanderthal threw me out,” he screamed pointing an accusing finger back toward the lights of the front door and the dark shadow of Houser towering over the line of would be patrons.
Mark stepped up and put a hand on his shoulder, “Hey man, let’s just calm down. I am sure it was a misunderstanding. Let’s go get some coffee alright?” his tone was calming. 
For a moment Devon’s shoulders relaxed, then tensed up again as he turned to Mark, “You,” he spat. “She’s mine.” like lightning he was at my side before I could blink. His fingers dug into my arm. I cringed in pain.
“You’re hurting me,” I said trying to peel off his fingers.
He shook me violently, “I’m protecting you,”
Mark had his hands up and out, non threatening. “Listen man, I don’t know what you think is going on between Beth and me. I am just here to help her.” He stepped forward one slow step. “You know what she is. You know how important she is.” 
Devon’s voice was a growl,  “She’s mine,” his other arm curled up around my chest, hugging me to him crushing my lungs, making it harder to breath. I brought my hands up curling my fingers around his forearm. 
“Devon, I know you were the grey wolf that ran with us the night I changed. Please, calm down and lets go run again. We can be a pack. You, me and Mark.” I wasn’t quite sure what I was doing but I willed the thought through my fingers and into his arms. I could feel his emotions at the edge of my mind. Mark was a distant calm next to the rolling chaos of Devon’s thoughts so close they choked almost as much as his arm over my chest. I clung to the calm in the storm.
“Devon,” I urged, “Run with me this weekend. Run with us under the moon. You must feel so alone.”
Mark picked up on what I was trying to do,”Run with us Devon. Be part of the pack. The wolf in you needs the pack, needs family.” another step.
Devon began to shake, his arms trembling. “I’ve been alone. I thought I was the only one.” he said. 
Another step and Mark said, “Not alone. We can show you more like us. Let Beth go.”
At that, Devon’s grip tightened again, “No, she is mine.” The words came out as a growl as he yanked me back away from Mark.
Pain coursed through my body, Devon stiffened up, his arm slipping up over my throat cutting off my air suddenly fell limp and slipped away as he fell to the ground. I fell forward into Mark’s arms. Turning, I saw Lyra wiping her hands together. Tendrils of smoke rose into the night from her finger tips. “That asshole needed a nap,” she said.
“Oh my god Lyra, I had completely forgotten you were here,” I said.
“That’s ok because so did Devon.” she said. “Help me get him into my car.”
“I need to call Willow and let her know what is going on,” Mark said after we had stuffed Devon into the back of Lyra’s VW Bug. 
“Why call Willow?” I asked him.
“Because we found the killer,”
“We don’t know that, all we know is that he is a wolf. We have no idea if he has killed anyone. For god's sake Mark, we were just in a nightclub full of potential killers, whos to say it was not one of them?”
“Are you out of your mind? Devon damn near tried to kill you just now or did you miss that part?” he said
“I am not going to accuse him of murder until I know for sure it was him, Mark we can’t just assume he is the one just because he got over emotional. Charlie said that Ronin are unbalanced.” 
“Without the pack to support you, keep you human, you can get lost in the beast. With him, it’s more than that. I don’t trust him. And I really don’t trust him with you.”
“Are you saying that because we’re bonded? And what the hell does that even mean?” 
Lyra put her hands in between us, pushing us away from each other. “Listen, can we do something with this guy before he wakes up? If my chance he is the werewolf that has been killing everyone, it might not be a great idea to be around him when he wakes up.”
She had a good point. “Fine, but where are we going to take him?”
“Let me call Willow. There might be someplace here that we can  hold him until we know for certain if he is the killer or not.”
A muffled scream interrupted our argument. Mark and I turned together and watched as Lyra crumbled to the ground. The car door was open wide, the back seat where we had put Devon was empty. Blood covered the back of Lyra’s head where Devon must have hit her with something. 
“Oh my god, Lyra,” I dashed to her side my eyes scanned the area for something to help stop the bleeding. Mark found a shirt in her car that he used to bunch up and press to her wounded scalp.
“Beth, go back to the club and get help,” he said as he held the shirt in place. I ran to the front. My hands were red with blood that had started to dry. Hauser stopped what he was doing, pushing aside the young blond man he had been speaking with. 
“You are injured?” he asked, his voice thick with an accent I couldn’t place.
Shaking my head until my vision blurred, I said, “Not me. Lyra. The witch I came in with,” 
“Show me,” he said. 
We reached the car. Only a few minutes had passed but Lyra’s skin had gone from creamy pink to a sickly grey. The t-shirt was almost completely red with blood. 
Mark looked up as we approached, “I can’t get the bleeding to stop,” a tear slid down his cheek and into the stubble of beard. Hauser bent his enormous bulk down sliding both arms under the still form of my best friend. I watched her breaths come slowly, each one an ache in my chest at how slowly they came.
“I will take her to Charlene,” the big man said and vanished. Mark and I were left blinking in the light of the streetlamp that lit up the parking lot of Sunrise Dance Club.










The Wolf
The smell of blood from the witch still lingered in the air. The black was with her again, their scents mingled together with the blood, a perfume that made my jaw ache and hackles rise. 
I watched as they walked slowly to the building and disappeared inside. I crouched low behind the metal box avoiding the light from the single bright spot in the sky. Clouds rolled in blocking the light from the few stars that could be seen this far in the city. 
I needed to be away from here. The smells of human places stank like shit burning in my nose. Nearby I caught the faint scent of wolf. I followed it into the black night.


















The Alpha
The club seemed different now that it was empty. As if it was asleep, waiting to wake up again. I sat at the booth that had been reserved for us earlier in the night. It seemed like a lifetime ago.
Nova had come bursting in through the doors of the club soon after I had called her. Lyra was upstairs in Charlie’s office. The sorceress would not let anyone else in the room. 
I clung to Mark, terrified for my friend. “Why don’t they just take her to the hospital?” I asked him again for what must have been the hundredth time that night. “She could be dying, doesn’t she need a doctor?” I slid out of the bench seat and started pacing again. 
Houser stayed by the door. After he had brought Lyra in from the parking lot he had turned on the main lights to the building while Charlie announced that the club was closing early. 
The patrons grumbled and a few of the drunker ones tried to start a bar fight, but Houser grabbed the largest ones and threw them out the door. No one else argued. I noticed a few eyes glance my way as people filed past our seat. A few even nodded their heads in my direction, their eyes flashing gold or blue then back to whatever color they were to start with.
Wolves, or other shapeshifters. according to Mark. He just sat next to me, keeping me in the seat simply by holding my hand as the club emptied.
Charlie appeared shortly after Nova disappeared behind the door of the office. “She’s going to be ok. She lost a lot of blood. If she had not been here...” her husky voice trailed off leaving the rest unsaid.
Relief swelled up inside like Old Faithful. “Oh my god.” I collapsed onto the floor. 
“She is going to be very weak for a while. She needs rest. Whatever Devon did to her was more than just a blow to the head. He drained her energy, her power.” Charlie said.
Mark had been about to help me up. With his hands on my wrists he said, “How could he do that? Werewolves can’t drain other people of energy. Blood maybe, but not power.”
“We think he was a warlock before he was turned into a wolf,” Charlie said.
Mark’s grip on my wrist grew tighter. “I need to call Willow.” 
“I already have,” she replied, “She is on her way here now with Theo.”
A brief moment of sheer terror passed through Mark. His hand on my wrists made it easy to feel. “Is that necessary?” he asked the sorceress.
with a deep sigh, she said, “She seems to think so. If you want I can make sure he doesn’t know you are here.”
I heard the conversation but was still so stunned by the events of the night that none of it really made sense. “Can I go home now? I want to make sure my mom is alright,” I said. 
We arrived back at my house with little trouble. The garage was empty meaning Mom was still not home from her date. I slumped through the hall into the living room collapsing on the couch pulling my phone from my pocket to see what time it was. 
I stared at the numbers on the screen in disbelief. The clock read three in the morning. I didn’t have any messages from mom. A knot began to form in my stomach. I hit the button and the pleasant female voice asked how it could help. 
“Call mom.” my voice shaking a bit from the adrenaline. It rang once. Twice. On the third ring the voicemail picked up. 
“You have reached Kathy Channing. I am unable to answer at this time...” 
The message did the usual talk after the beep thing, “Mom, it’s Bethy. Where are you? I’m home. Lyra got hurt last night and I was helping Nova take care of her. Please call me.” I hung up the phone and called dad.
His voice was groggy from sleep, it was only five in the morning in Minnesota. “Bethy, what’s wrong?” 
“Mom isn’t home yet and she didn’t leave me a message. Should I be worried?” I asked. After everything with Lyra I felt like I was being overly paranoid. 
There was a heavy sigh from the other end of the phone and dad said, “Beth, your mother in a grown woman and you are plenty old enough to understand if she doesn’t come home right away from a date.”
His logic sounded reasonable but I was still worried. “Are you sure?” 
“Is her new boyfriend attractive?” he asked.
I blushed, “Ew, dad. He is old.”
“Seriously Beth, Your mom probably got lucky last night. Give her some time. I am sure she will call you first thing in a panic. Can I go back to bed?” 
Embarrassed that I panicked about nothing I said, “Sure dad. Thanks.”
“Go to bed Bethy, I love you.” He hung up.
I must have fallen asleep on the couch. Bright shafts of sunlight cut across the living room to hit me square in the face. I put my hand up to block the light, rolling over to fumble for my phone. It was wedged down between the cushions and I ended up needing to stand up to retrieve it.
I checked the screen once I had it in hand walking to the kitchen to get a Red Bull from the fridge. No calls. 
I checked the time again. It was two in the afternoon. Running through the house, I hit the garage door hard bruising my hand on the doorknob. The garage was empty. An open cavern of concrete floor and wood siding. I felt like my throat was closing up again. That heavy pressure I felt at the Gala was back. I tried to take a few deep breaths to calm myself and work past the feeling.
My phone rang. It was Mark. With a shaking hand I slide the answer button finally getting it to register on the third try. Third times a charm right? 
“Beth, Are you there?” he was breathing heavy his voice husky from sleep. “Beth answer please.”
I managed to get enough air in my lungs to answer, “I’m here. Can’t breath. Like at Gala.”
“I’ll be right there. Hold on OK?” he hung up. I knew he was rushing out the door of the motel he was staying at not far from my house. It would still take him twenty minutes to get to where our neighborhood was nestled in the suburbs. I wasn’t sure if I was going to last that long.
My lungs were on fire. Every breath was agony trying to gain just a small amount of oxygen to live a moment longer. To stay conscious a moment more. I had no idea what was happening to me. Sweat poured down my back soaking the dress shirt I had fallen asleep in. My vision faded in and out, growing hazy around the edges as I gulped for breath.
The front door slammed open. Devon stood with the afternoon sun shining behind him. I knew it was him from the violent emotions spilling out and crashing against me like a wave from a busted dam. 
“Beth.” he was beside me in a heartbeat. Taking my head in his hands he kissed my hair. “Breath Beth. I’m here. Let me help you,”
Weak, I tried to push him away. He had hurt Lyra. I didn’t want anything to do with him. 
“Please Beth,” he pleaded. He took my limp hand wrapping his fingers through mine. As if sensing my thoughts he said, “I found out what happened to Lyra. I didn't want to hurt her. You have to believe me.”
I was past the point of caring. The world faded around the edges and I let go. Everything turned a hazy shade of nothing, like the edges of a down feather. So fine it is almost as if there is nothing there but you can still feel it. I could still feel everything around me but I was no longer connected to it. I drifted in the timeless space of a heart beat. I had an eternity.
Pain sat close by. Passion was approaching. Calm was away somewhere but still connected to the Girl. Power floated nearby. We danced. Spinning as Pain wove colors into patterns in the haze. The dance spun through it all. 
Passion joined Pain and lights began to flash everywhere. Stars exploding in a soft lit sky of nothing. 
My lungs were on fire. I gasped for air. Each breath fought for. Mark had Devon pinned against the floor by his throat. “Mark stop,” I wheezed around the dry cavity that was my chest.
Mark’s eyes had turned golden in his fury. Devon’s face was a bad shade of red. “He saved me, I think,” I whispered hoping it wouldn’t hurt as badly as trying to talk. 
Mark eased up off of Devon's throat. “He what?”
“I think he saved me. I am not sure what the hell is going on. I couldn’t breathe. Just like at the Gala. I think there is someone really powerful nearby.”
The two guys that made my life so confusing sat up. Devon rubbed his throat sneaking a glare at Mark every so often. I just shook my head and ignored it. Mark stood up then reached his hand down to help me to my feet. I took the offered hand, feeling better as our skin made contact. 
Devon stood up, straightening his shirt and said, “Beth is right. There is someone really powerful here. I didn’t realize it until I met you two. That I could feel others like me.” He seemed embarrassed by his lack of knowledge about who and what he was. 
I completely understood where he was coming from. Mark softened a bit, “Hey man, you have a pack now. Truce?” he held his hand out to Devon.
The younger guy hesitated for only a second then took the offered hand. 
Now that I was able to breathe, my thoughts went back to Mom. “My mom is missing.” I said quietly. 
They almost missed it. 
“My Mom didn’t come home last night and I can’t get a hold of her.” I said a bit louder. Mark must have felt my anxiety because he put his arms around me, squeezing. “Beth, why didn’t you say something right away?”
I glared, “Um, choking to death?”
“Right,” he had the dignity to look embarrassed, running his hands through his soft brown hair. Devon snorted and headed for the door.
“I’ll leave you two alone. Beth, when you decide who you are dating, give me a call.” With that he left, slamming the door behind him. It left me hurt and confused. Teen Girl Beth wanted to run out the door and call him back, crying that she didn’t mean it. The New Werewolf part of me rolled her wolfy eyes and sniffed at Mark, arching her back so her tail was in the air. I blushed. 
“Ignore him Beth. I’m going to call Willow again and let her know what we found out.” Mark went through the living room into the kitchen leaving me to chew on my lip. 
I still wanted to follow after Devon. I wanted to explain things to him. Let him know I was still concerned for him. I tried to call mom again. Just when I was sure the voicemail would pick up, someone answered.
“Mom? Mom is that you? Can you hear me?” My voice caught, squeaking a bit at the end. Mark must have heard me. He came out of the kitchen to stand in the door watching me. 
I could hear breathing, thick and heavy on the other end. “Alpha Bitch.” the voice was deep and gravely. I didn’t recognize it at all. 
“Who are you?” I whispered. Shock that someone else answered my mom’s phone left me reeling. 
A soft, rasping laugh and he hung up. I was left holding my phone terrified for my mom’s safety. “Oh god.”
Panic hit hard. I fell to the floor jabbering incoherently. Mark sprang across the room to my side. “Beth, Bethy who was it?” he asked cradling my head as I rocked back and forth. 
After a time, I am not sure how long, I finally stopped. Everything shut down and did a reboot like a computer. I sat up on the couch. My head was in Mark’s lap. He was asleep with his head flopped back against the cushions. He snored softly.
Not wanting to wake him, I slowly lifted myself up off his lap. He groaned something in his sleep, rolled over and continued to snore. 
I headed for the bathroom. I needed a shower and time to think. Some crazy had Mom. As I turned on the hot water, I stripped my clothes off tossing them into the hamper. Mark said Willow had called in a specialist. A Hunter. I wanted to go with him when he went after the bastard. If anything happened to my mom I was going to be pissed.
When I was finished getting clean, I went back out to the living room. Mark was no longer snoring on the couch. I could hear him rummaging around in the kitchen. 
His blond hair was stuck up in all directions as he munched on a bowl of cereal. “Morning,” I said.
He nodded at me spooning another mouthful of cereal in his mouth. 
I leaned across the counter to look him in the eyes. “I want you to take me to see the Hunter,” I said.
Mark sputtered cereal across the counter top. “What?”
“I want you to take me to see the Hunter. The one Willow called.” I said again.
“I heard that. I just don’t think it is a good idea...” 
I interrupted him, “I need to see him, Mark. He is probably the only person who can help track down what happened to my mom.”
“I understand that,” he said, standing he walked around the counter and wrapped his arms around me. “I agree with you. You should go see Theo. He is really good at what he does.”
His answer confused me, “So what is the problem?”
His sigh was heavy as he backed away and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “I have not seen Theo since his son was killed.”
“What does that have to do with you?” I asked.
“Ted was my best friend. The last time I saw Theo, he said he would kill me if he ever saw me again.”
“He can’t. I need his help and I need you. He will just have to get over it.”


