Bloody Haze 
A Crime Novella
by
James Roberts

Copyright 2020
Without limiting the rights of copyright reserved above, no part of this reproduction may be produced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanic, photocopying) without prior consent of the author of the above book. This is a work of fiction, any names, characters, places are a product of the author’s imagination and are used fictitiously.




1
  ‘I ain’t joking Dale, I’ll fucking cut you, where’s my money at?’ As a knife is flicked out on demand and plunged to the throat of Dale sitting in the passenger seat of his dealer’s car. The darkened glass didn’t dull the shine on the blade, and even though it was black, the edge was sharpened to a mirrored glint. It was a small blade, under for 4 inches and still legal. Dale knew however, as he seen his eyes in the sharp edge, the damage would be deadly and his dealer was serious. 
  ‘Chill out Justin, something’s wrong, my pay hasn’t come through yet….it will man, I swear. I just got the week wrong.’ Said Dale looking around, knowing he can’t be seen behind the darkened glass he swallows. A child cycles in the street and doesn’t even notice. Dale looks to the blade again, closer to his face than it is in length. It’s not the first time he’s had one out and pressed to his throat. This time, the reputation of the man on the other end leaves trickles of cold sweat under his arms that begin to shake. He’s ‘unpredictable’ and ‘a fucking loon’ reverberates in his little mind. He was warned not to get behind and not take the piss. He didn’t listen. Those lines of coke though, they dulled every sense of reason in his little mind. 
  ‘You said last Friday and haven’t answered a fucking call since, I ain’t being taken for a mug.’ Said Justin pulling the knife away and smiling. Dale is obviously relieved and takes a deep breath. 
  ‘Fucking hell, how long have I been picking up from you mate? I never get on credit, it’s just this new job is monthly, I get it all today, it’s just payroll mate…..errrr…I didn’t know….eerrmm…I swear.’
  ‘I ain’t your fucking mate.’ Said Justin snarling and slapping Dale to the side of the head with his palm. Dale covers his head with his elbow and waits for another, looks above the cruck of his sleeve, Justin is just sitting back and smiling at him.  ‘What time is it?’ He continued, still amused as he watches the street from his darkened glass, like a predator in the grass waiting for prey. He enjoyed this, playing with Dale like a cat would a baby mouse. 
  ‘It’s only like three, they’re probably sorting it out now, I phoned, and they said any time before five. I swear man, I ain’t going to start playing games man.’ Said Dale looking down to the knife held in Justin’s hand. He was warned not to get anything on credit by his cousin, he said don’t ever owe this guy money, even for a day because he takes it personal. He only lied about the week and now he’s getting a knife to his throat. A fucking loon, from his cousin who knows a few being a coke addict like himself for nearly ten years, should’ve been listened to. 
  ‘I’ll call later and if you don’t have my money, I swear you’re getting done on site, no fucking about.’ Said Justin putting away the knife and holding his stare. He raises his palm and Dale flinches. Justin sniggers to himself.
  ‘I get ye man, all sorted by five man.’
  ‘I’ve got to call a mate, get out my car.’ Said Justin and Dale takes his moment and opens the door and scuttles away quickly, Justin speeds off down the street just as fast, circling around he pulls up to a quiet street he knows doesn’t get much traffic and away from the police on the manor. They’ve been around a lot lately, only last week there were two men shot in a parked car at three in the morning. He only does to seven now and leaves the late-night drops to the gang members who own the night trade. He doesn’t fancy a bullet or a chase for a few grams of coke. He’s got enough to keep him going, no point getting greedy, he just turns his phone on silent at seven and sends out the multi texts after his first joint in the morning.   
  
  



  ‘Easy Smithy, how’s your Friday going?’ Said Justin playing with his knife, flicking it in and out. 
  ‘You call me at lunch to ask me that? I haven’t got long…. what do you want?’ Said Smithy chewing on the other end. 
  ‘Want some work?’
  ‘You don’t fucking work.’
  ‘My line of work, got something big on man and need a lift, what you reckon?’
  ‘Fuck that bollocks, I’ve got a squeaky job here.’
  ‘Squeaky bum time when it comes to buying new fucking trainers too man……..some job.’
  ‘I’m happy enough here.’ Said Smithy as Ben the machinist walks by and bursts out in laughter, mouthing ‘run’ as he skips to the kitchen. 
  Smithy pulls the phone away from his ear. Justin laughs down at him at the other end and Ben still chuckles as he empties leftovers in the bin. Did Ben hear him? He wasn’t sure until he turned around and looked him dead in the eye, laughing at him and wiping a tear from his own while pointing. Smithy’s a hundred percent sure he’s just smoked a joint behind the factory like he does every lunch, so he just carries on listening to the other comedian.  
  ‘You need to understand something Smithy, it will get you out that bullshit factory….ya know, put some real cash in your pocket. All you need is balls man, don’t even need to be that big. Do you not want cash in your pocket?’ Said Justin looking down to a little Prada bag down the side of his door, the zip opened and bundles of tens and twenties can be seen poking through.
  ‘I’m stacking now man.’
  ‘Filling penny jars doesn’t count.’
  
  ‘I don’t think it’s for me Justin. Alright, err, I’ve got to go back to work anyway, I’ll speak to you later about it.’ Said Smithy ending the call. From the clock above the kitchen, it’s less than ten minutes until he’s back to graft. Last time he looked it was twenty and he’s barely finished his lunch. He was clock watching for the last twenty before lunch and it dragged like an hour.  
  Smithy looks up from his phone and a supervisor is in the doorway to the factory. It’s the one he’s been warned about from the blue shift. Mark the fucking shark according to his shift.  Mark waits impatiently for the clock to strike, as if he’s been pulled into a shift he wasn’t supposed to be on and can’t wait to let someone know. He clears his throat as if readying himself to unleash once the bell rings. Smithy doesn’t even need to see his handywork to know what a jobsworth he is. Far too chipper for his one pound extra an hour for Smithy’s likening and believes the whispers he’s heard. 
  ‘BARE COINS MAN, COINAGE!!’ Reads Smithy on his WhatsApp and a Giff from Justin showing a man making it rain. Smithy smiles, looks up and sees Mark eyeing him as if a fermented frown is the only acceptable face to wear at work, he then turns away, and back to Copa del Rays highlights on YouTube for the last few minutes of his unpaid lunch.
  Fucking prick thinks Smithy as he puts in his Apple Pods, peering over his screen he can see he’s still being watched. Within seconds Messi goes on a run from just inside his own half and the clock’s forgotten, Messi hits the crossbar soon after from range with a screamer and he’s replaying the footage in his own little world.
 
  Smithy feels a pinch on his shoulder however moments later, followed by the sweat of a man who washes his work clothes on a cold cycle engulf his personal space. ‘Oi, what you think you’re playing at, the bell went five minutes ago.’ Said Mark as his neck pumps with excitement and his frown cements itself with an unnatural smirk of a horrible man enjoying the fact, he now has an excuse, an excuse to create a victim. Smithy’s been here for ten weeks and has done well to stay under the radar. Not anymore. He looks down to his half-eaten sandwich and then the clock. 
  ‘Didn’t hear it, I’ll put my stuff away and get back out there.’ Said Smithy standing and gathering his things. He tries not to hold eye contact, so his lack of fucks didn’t transcend too clearly and encourage the little man to push for his exit. 
  ‘What’s your name?’
  ‘Dan Smith.’ 
  ‘I’ll be writing you up to management, don’t expect to stay past your three-month probation if you haven’t finished it yet.’ Said Mark and he just walks away, heading to the office where management is situated on the mezzanine first floor. 
  ‘What? What are you talking about? Only sat here for a few minutes. Mistakes happen, can’t be fucking a man over for a few minutes.’ Said Smithy running over before he leaves the canteen. It’s nearly empty, everyone’s started back at their shift and only a cleaner is left taking out some rubbish. The cleaner, an old lady with a limp does not seem to notice as she exits with a full bin bag that drips her route. No one seems to notice the sign asking liquids to be emptied first either. 

  ‘No time here for wasters, I suggest you know your place and be grateful if you’re back tomorrow.’ Said Mark standing over Smithy and spitting his coffee breath over his face. 
  He walks forward as if challenging Smithy to a fight. Goading a hit, with hands in his pockets and smirking. Pressing on and forces Smithy to back-track, like he’s done it a thousand times before and knows how far he can push a desperate man. All those family men with mouths to feed have to take it. The mortgage doesn’t pay itself and with every step he was gaining confidence, realizing he had another weak one to bully and get his kicks out of. He speeds up until Smithy’s pacing back and bumping into a haphazard chair not tucked under the table. 
  ‘Now fuck off back to your line you little prick.’ Said Mark with his finger pointing to the factory door. The machines have just started, and their vibrations reverberate, giving Smithy a choice. He doesn’t think twice. Although, he probably should have. 
  ‘Fuck you, you fucking prick.’ Said Smithy, picking up a chair with his two hands and throws it, crashing into the kitchen, rattling the cabinet doors as Mark creates his own ‘near miss’. 
  ‘You better fucking run.’ Said Smithy as Mark runs behind the office door. Through all the drama, Smithy notices a poor patch up work by the door, suggesting he hasn’t been the only one throwing chairs recently. A head pokes through the window and Smithy picks up another chair and throws it at the door smashing the glass. 
  Well, he’d done it now. It was like a switch went off in his mind and there were no fucks given. The mask had slipped and every vestige of sanity with it. Every table was thrown, all chairs displaced until it looked like an earthquake had just went off. 

  ‘Fuck off.’ Said Smithy walking away, middle finger to the camera watching over everything and swivels in his direction. He walks towards two security guards as they enter quickly. They contemplate taking him on and ready themselves for a scrap. They then look to the tables and a scene only created by a man going through an episode and step aside. They are not getting paid enough for a black-eye and just raise theirs and offer him to the open door. 
  ‘You know to move, you mugs.’ Said Smithy stepping through the security, before hearing Mark behind laughing. The security guards stand between Smithy and Mark with folded arms. 
  ‘Well done little boy, payroll isn’t until tomorrow, so we’ll see who the mug is losing a month’s pay.’  Said Mark, as Smithy turns to see Mark laughing at him. He probably took the extra shift to ruin someone’s life before payday the sociopath thinks Smithy, and he fell for it. 
  Smithy checks his phone. It’s only the 19th. One day before payroll this month. The smirking prick was right. He’s just worked for four weeks, for nothing. There is only one mug here and he’s walking out the door minus all the penny jar savings for the last ten weeks. Hearing the faint laughter follow him out into the carpark, he takes his phone out and calls before turning around and receiving a sentence and a black eye.  
 
  ‘Sound. I’ve finished early, you could say open to offers, come over for a chat, I’m interested.’ Said Smithy walking out the front gates, management watching with a phone to their ear behind. It happened so quickly he didn’t even remember the journey out. He’d never felt this adrenaline before, guiding his soft feet as if his boots weren’t even touching the tarmac, like walking on a cloud of cuddly tunnel rage, comforting him out the door without looking back. 
  He finally peer back as he exits the gates, Mark stands there calmly with his arms folded as if butter would not melt. Now it was worth the extra shift. He personally gets to fill in a form and engage with management, in the faint hope they’d notice what a useful little prick he is. 
  ‘What? You’ve just bombed me off.’ Said Justin, sniffing down the other end as if he’s got a cold. It’s mid-summer in Birmingham and there’s only one type of snow around right now. He doesn’t just shot the gear, none rarely do. He makes more money off the weed than he ever does powder if ‘wastage’ is accounted for. 
  ‘Things fucking change, don’t they?’
  ‘Safe, I’ll bring over the new cheese I’ve got, it’ll blow your fucking jaw off.’
  ‘Lemon haze for me, or some of that blue sherbet you had last month would be ideal.’
  ‘Ye, you’re a fucking lemon alright, I’ve got a few ballers left I’ll sort you out. I ain’t got none of that sherbet you know, think there’s some orange sherbet in the next few weeks though. That stuff is fire and doesn’t last long, so make sure you reply quick to my message, I won’t fuck about.’
  ‘No worries, I’ll be back in an hour or so anyway.’
  ‘I’m busy doing a few drops, I’ll see you about six or seven man, I clock off then.’
  ‘Fuck sake I need a joint. I’ve just thrown a fucking chair at one of the shift leaders.’
  ‘That’s smart, fucking hell man, I’ll drop one off if you want but can’t chill now. I wanna hear this story though.’ Said Justin laughing down the other end.
  ‘Shit story, absolute shitshow. Nah man I’ll wait, I’ll play some FIFA and see you later, or I’ll be taking a midday nap until dark if I start now without chatting. Fucking prick, absolute prick.’ Said Smithy, shouting down the other end and from the hackling laughter of Mark the fucking shark he must’ve echoed down the street. 
  ‘Chill out man, it’s done and was a mugs job. I’ll see you around seven most likely, I’ll bring a few pizzas.’
  ‘Top man, make it pepperoni.’
  ‘What else, I’ll make it happen and see you in a bit. Don’t throw anymore chairs.’ Said Justin shouting in return down the phone and ending the call. 
  Smithy didn’t even look back in anger at the factory even with the faint laughter ringing in his ears with every step. He knew then he wouldn’t be going on indeed and begging for a job like this again. His straight life was over, he just didn’t know how far the fork in the road would bend his path. If only he knew. 

  
  
2
  


  ‘Alright to smoke out here?’ Said Justin, settling into a white plastic chair, one you’d find left in the park as it’s not worth the trouble bringing it home after a few beers. He precariously holds the edges expecting to fall through as the age shows in the cracks.
  ‘Ye man, I wouldn’t worry. Stoner to the left of me and a spice head to the right, light up they’re probably already fucked.’ Said Smithy, pulling a matching plastic table between them, dirty with tea stains and ash. He takes his seat, throwing down a little lunch box full of tobacco and skins, at last he looks comfortable, content even as he takes his little bag of weed and sniffs.
  It’s like a weight off his mind not worrying about his next payslip or getting up for a dead-end job at 6am in the rain. 
  ‘You must see some mad shit with a spice head next door?’ Said Justin, sniffing heavily, wiping his nose and gummed the residue. ‘I’ve got to roll first, yeeee, yeee, that’s your lemon shit, barely gets you high.’ Said Justin, waving his little baggie and taking a deep whiff. 
  “Ye, those spice heads are like the walking dead. I’m happy with this lemon shit, it gets me to where I want man, in a haze, not a rabid dog foaming on the floor.’ Said Smithy.
  ‘Rabid dog? You’ve just walked out on a job after throwing chairs all over the gaff, I think you’re safer foaming on the floor.’ 
  ‘I did lose my shit, but he was a prick.’
  ‘Heard from them?’
 ‘One week before payday, so ye I did hear from them. Told I have two options.’ Said Smithy shaking his head. 
  ‘Can I guess? I’ve already worked it out.’ Said Justin jumping in, barely able to contain his laughing.
  ‘Knock yourself out, like you’re going to let me finish after a line of beak.’
  ‘A line, hear this guy a fucking line. I do a line before I take a piss in the morning.’
  ‘You going to tell me my fucking story or what?’
  ‘One option is you lose your pay and that’s the end of it, second option you keep your pay and they send the police around?’
  ‘Your brain does work faster with that shit, doesn’t it?’
  ‘So does my dick.’
  ‘So….so I’ve heard.’ Said Smithy unable to contain his laughter he nearly fell off his chair. 
  ‘Mate, I’ve got dollar and you need to worry about paying your phone bill. How quick I finish with a random bird is irrelevant when I’m loaded.’
  ‘Some mate you are.’
  ‘We’ll get to how good a mate I am in a minute, remember why I’ve come round?’ Well, anyway pal, buddy, mate. Old time friend who’s down on his fucking luck. Look at this shit, cheese is the fucking one mate, utter jaw fucking shit. After a spliff man, I’m going to be all talk, the second, I’m on the sofa and having a quick-time wank.’
  ‘You’re not wanking in my house you weird bastard, all you’ve done is talk bollocks so far. Stick to weed I’m not listening to you bark at me all evening.’ Said Smithy with his hands in the air exacerbated. He’s been here before listening to Justin bark until he’s ran out of lines. Usually, his face is so numb from the joints he’d listen and soak it all up like the evening sun setting over the next doors ridge. Not this evening, he’s had a bad day and he’s too sober, especially for a Friday. 
  ‘I’m talking about prison man, my routine wankfest after the spliff.’
  ‘I don’t wanna hear about your prison wanks, or your ships biscuits. I’ve heard all that shit already.’ Said Smithy putting his hands to his face. It’s just a talk, give him five minutes and then fuck him off is all he was thinking. Not today, he just wants some alone time with his PlayStation and the deep end of a joint. This fucking guy, gumming beak snot in his back garden in front of him can fuck off. He wants the work though, he wants the easy money this time. 
  ‘Rather go to prison than work in a factory for minimum wage.’ Said Justin coldly, sniffing and swallowing one of those beak snots. 
  ‘Can’t be that easy.’ Said Smithy raising his brow just because he felt he had too. He didn’t believe what he said either, nor trust those facial muscles pulling unnaturally as he feels every joint in his hands after the long week. It’s been long enough too out of school. They were in the same school, same classes and sat at the same table for tutor and for some reason the guy in and out of prison has more shit than the guy who has played it straight from day one. It wasn’t the first day Smithy sat in this plastic chair opposite Justin and wondered what the fuck he was doing wrong as he seen him handle a few more notes than his weekly pay. The difference now? He was sitting there with a steely resolve not to repeat his past mistakes, at least that’s what Smithy thinks they’ve been for the last five years working and paying his dues to the taxman. 
  He’s been in and out of different jobs like Justin visiting youth offenders, and recently, the big boy prison he calls it, yet, Smithy’s still wearing last summer’s purchase, and Justin is wearing a good portion of his penny jar savings in this seasons limited edition Nike collection on his feet. 
  ‘Easy as, little holiday park without the navy bollocks. None of that shit, better chance of getting sliced up than sucked off.’ Said Justin, grabbing a skin and putting a little tobacco inside. 
  ‘Fuck that, some holiday park.’
  ‘You gotta have your wits man, bare fools on the spice going nuts. The officers go hiding, leaving the wing to fester until they need the riot squad.’
  ‘Like I said, some holiday park. Which one was that?’
  ‘Every single one I’ve been in, not as bad as youth offenders though. It’s a jungle for the criminally insane that place. Still easy man when you know people, enough of that place anyway.’ Said Justin rubbing his mouth nervously and looking away. 
  ‘I always forget you’ve been in out since what? Fourteen?’
  ‘Sixteen, just before GCSE’s man, how you forget I bashed that lad with the dotta from the bus?’
  ‘You were out of school though, suspended anyway, been a while too. Fucking hell, what was that mugs name?’
  ‘Andrew, fucking teacher now at my cousins’ school. Mouthy prick still, apparently. Scars faded apparently, should’ve hit him harder.’ Said Justin laughing. 
  ‘Sounds like you’ll be waiting at the school gates like old times to open them up for him.’ Said Smithy laughing and remembering the days of straight fights without a weapon in sight. Justin changed all that for their school, he knows he has a knife close by now and has no problems using it too. They all have around here, Smithy seldom walks the streets after seven without a good reason after taking a hit to the thigh with a kitchen knife. He was getting stocked up on beer at the late-night off-license. Things have changed around his ends, too many Justin’s about in this street jungle. All want to be hyenas in last season’s Nikes with clean treads. 
  ‘No rush to go back. All about making money now and I’m good at what I do. Where’s your grinder?’ Said Justin, as if he’s hiding something in the bravado. He was always a bit of a talker, somewhat exaggerator of reality to look the part. This is Smithy though, the friend since primary school. He doesn’t need to keep it up all the time, the familiarity exposing cracks in the holiday park in his sunken eyes. More years in than out since sixteen leaves scars only he can see and Smithy knows some of them haven’t faded. 
  ‘Here, it’s my new one. Collects the THC at the bottom, you see?’ Said Smithy, taking from his pocket he unscrews the bottom and shows the little collection of golden powder.
  ‘Woah man, that’ll blow your fucking socks off, let’s have a sprinkle now? Got to be an ounce’s worth man.’ Said Justin reaching over and trying to grab the grinder.
  ‘Nah man, that’s for the weekend. We need to chat anyway, remember? It’s the reason you’re here. That and pizza, where’s the fucking pizza?’ Said Smithy pulling it away and screwing it back on. Justin was right, it was an ounce worth, and he isn’t giving it away for nothing, especially to the guy he pays to fill it he thinks. 
  ‘Order man, I’ve got cash, forgot all about that. Give us a bit to go and I’ll buy a large just for you.’
  ‘I’m saving it.’
  ‘You’ve got a fucking ounce worth there you mug.’ Said Justin snarling. He isn’t used to being told no and there’s very few people he would tolerate saying it. He checks himself quickly and smiles as Smithy digs in. He’s lost enough friends already due to his temper; he’s starting to reign it in as he gets older. 
  ‘Ye, you can have a little to go but I want the pizza first I know what you’re like. I’m saving it, so only a little, I know what you’re like with powder.’ Said Smithy and what he meant was he was saving it for Saturday night. When he ought to be out getting lashed, he’d stay in, get the video games on and light up. He’d get the hit in one, be like Justin’s cheese on steroids all in one go and knock himself out and forgets what a waste he’s become. 
  He used to leave Fridays with his little payslip, in its little brown envelope and he’d just slot it into his wallet thinking about smashing it up the wall. He’d sit there at home contemplating answering the texts or sending some feelers out for what’s going on. Then he’d roll a joint, forget how much he wants to blow the fuck out his penny jar savings with a little sprinkle. He’d do this all weekend. He wakes up, forgets his troubles and plays a video game, rinsing and repeating all weekend until Monday. It’s either that or down the pub, keying cocaine, having them sprinkles of a different kind. A decent gram of coke is fifty and that leads quickly to the next. He can get seven grams of weed for that and set him nice for the week at least. It’s all in the math, and he gets to keep his shitty job as he isn’t dying in bed Monday morning on a downer with every bit of cash he’s saved up the wall, or worse, a debt he couldn’t pay to the local dealer. He’d seen it enough not to doubt it. Things fucking change though. 
  ‘You should liven yourself up man and have a bump, good shit this. Got this off my connect in Coventry, straight off the block.’ Said Justin, taking a key from his pocket and inserting into a heavy-laden bag of white powder. 
  ‘Bump yourself when we’re done, I’m moving this inside, it’s going to rain.’ Said Smithy as the clouds darken and little droplets of rain land on his whiskers. His ready-made joint is thrown in the lunch box and taken inside. Justin didn’t listen and takes a humped key and sniffs vigorously, swallowing the contents and then after licking the ridges of the key clean and rubbing his gums. Smithy looks away and remembers not to start the habit. The keys opened nothing, other than dependency. He’s got one habit, doesn’t need another he thinks.  
  What Justin didn’t realise was Smithy was already pumped. Not just from throwing chairs at windows or wanting to take on the world. It’s all about money. Justin said it. He felt it. It’s what he wanted to hear before he’d even laid down a proposal. The one thing that stopped Smithy rolling around in Justin’s’ Audi, shottin’ gear and the like was the violence and ultimately prison. The one thing he’s learned from all his time on the ‘manor’ was the ones that lasted didn’t throw their weight around. He even intended to get a job, perhaps put himself through college. Ideas pumping. The two grand in savings isn’t going to cut it, well, depending how you mix, supposedly it does. 
  ‘Your Mom is anal as fuck man, she’d smell it.’
  ‘It’ll be gone by the morning. She’s on nights, got a twelve-hour shift wiping arses and probably still have that shit lingering around her.’ 
  ‘Poor bastard, talking of wiping arses I’m going for the shit that’s been poking out my arse since lunch.’
  ‘Use the brush you grub.’ Said Smithy calling out. He knew he wouldn’t. 

  Smithy picks up his joint and passes it under his nose however, It wasn’t the green he was smelling this time, it was the money. Out comes the clipper and he sparks up like the neurons in his brain. 

  ‘How the fuck, how the fuck you wash in there man, you need to sort that mold out. I feel dirty washing my hands man.’ Said Justin brushing himself down as he took his seat. From a man that’s spent a long time sleeping next to someone else’s shit, it takes a lot to get that reaction but Smithy knew, it was as rank as it come. 
  ‘Every fucking week I clean that wall and it comes back the same. Mom’s been on the council for the last six months and they don’t give a fuck.’ Said Smithy looking away dejected.
  ‘Potholes, rubbish all over the gaff and you think they’ll ever help you out? It’s not how it works around here man, need to learn how to tile or something.’
  ‘I’ve been looking into it but wouldn’t know where to start, can’t be living on an apprentice wage for a few years, I won’t have that shit, how do I buy a fucking Q a week on hundred a week? Shit life man, I wouldn’t make it.’
  ‘Lot of loose plans for a man who throws chairs like a toddler.’
  ‘Fucking throw you out in a minute.’
  ‘Look, my sister had a rash from the last place we were in, you remember that dump in Yardley man? Fuck, that was grim. It’s actually illegal, and you need to get at the bastards to do something. I got my sister down the doctors, got a note about the rash and they had to find us something else.’
  ‘You didn’t say you moved.’
  ‘Not exactly moving to the Ritz or anything to shout about man, not much better but at least my little sister can wash properly. Seven stories up in Stechford. I have to hold my breath in the lift but at least we can wash at the end of it.’ 
  ‘Life at the bottom is rough. I’m not staying here long enough to care man, I’m sick of arguing with the old dear over it, it’s fucking exhausting with her drinking.’ Said Smithy pointing to a half-filled glass of red wine on the fireplace. He then points to Justin’s side and there’s two bottles of cheap red to the side of the sofa.
  ‘Two bottles, no, fucking three nearly done man.’ Said Justin picking up one and sloshing around half a glasses worth. ’I would’ve went ages ago, not like I don’t have the money to rent a place but need to make sure the sister’s fed and going to school, I won’t go into it now.’ Said Justin, understanding in a telepathic pain sharing of substance abuse mothers and absent fathers. 
  ‘No need man, anytime you need to unload.’
  ‘I know man, light that fucking joint already.’
  ‘I’ve just took a hit and it’s gone out, carry on.’ Said Smithy passing it over.
  ‘You know what, some tasty shit this haze isn’t it?’ Said Justin taking a deep lungful. 
  ‘I don’t think I wanna smoke anything else, or than that fire sherbet. Oi, you know those flats, isn’t that where my man got fucked up last week?’
  ‘Which one?’ 
  ‘Some mug got thrown out the third story window, dealer I heard, broke a fuck ton of bones and is in intensive care.’
  ‘Danny, not a fucking dealer man, silly fucker got into debt with the Pakistani crew from Ward-End, he had it coming.’
  ‘Danny the smack head?’
  ‘Ye, lanky prick. Used to date my Mom when I was younger, belted me once and I stabbed him with a fork and nearly took his eye out.’
  ‘And you ended up in the same flat?’
  ‘He got told when he got in the lift a while back, used the stairs from then on, not like it did him any use.’ Said Justin belly laughing and making airplane noises. 
  ‘Fucking hell man, wouldn’t surprise me if you threw him out.’
  ‘Fuck that, leave it to them heroin shotters, crazy bastards would do anything for the rep, think they’re in a mafia the crazy pricks.’
  ‘There was a stabbing last week too I heard?’ Said Smithy and every time he thinks of stabbing he remembers the kitchen knife in his thigh like it was yesterday. One minute he’s been asked the time, the next he’s dragging his leg to his nans to call an ambulance. His one leg, saturated with blood with a small trickle following on the ground all the way. He got to his nans and pulled his tracksuit bottoms down and the clean hole had already stopped bleeding, save another small trickle that seeped down his leg when he flexed it. Two hours later he had ten stitches and was walking with a limp for three months. He’s still got an orange sized lump of missing muscle and a tasty scar. 
  ‘It’s a merry-go-round of bullshit, everyday mental drama. I’m all about the money and anyway, stabbing a day keeps the grot away man.’ Said Justin, stabbing with his outstretched hand and twisting. 
  ‘I haven’t heard that one.’ Said Smithy looking away and thinking how much bollocks Justin is going to waffle about the glory of violence after a few keys of beak. He’s going to have to get used it he thinks, he needs the work and Justin’s the gatekeeper, even if his keys got too much powder, it still works better than any he has.  
  ‘Prison slang, had to be there.’
  ‘Oh for fuck sake, nothing to be proud of, spending your days wanking off into the toilet next to yah bed fella.’
  ‘True, so fucking true.’
  ‘How’s my roll? Last time you complained it wasn’t to your standard.’
  ‘Not as good as mine but smokable. How much baccy you put in here?’ Said Justin the seventy-five to twenty-five man and Smithy was always a fifty-fifty ratio guy. The perpetual rant since their teens about what makes the best smoke. 
  ‘Deal with it. What’s this job you got?’ Said Smithy. 
  ‘Get the kettle on my mouth is dry as man, it’s a fucking blunt not a spliff.’ Said Justin taking a drag and passing it over.
  ‘Like trying to bleed a stone man.’ Said Smithy. ‘You take sugar?’ He continued entering the kitchen, banging cups and opening the fridge. 
  ‘Three of the big ones, you should know that by now. Fucking TV is bollocks man, sticking the radio on.’ Said Justin going through the channels until he finds Radio One. 
  ‘I’ve already boiled the kettle I know what you’re like.’ Said Smithy shouting through from the kitchen. 
  ‘Hurry up man, parched.’ 

   ‘Here, now you going to start talking?’ Said Smithy slamming the cup down and taking his seat. 
  ‘To the point, fancy robbing a drug dealer with me?’ Said Justin taking a hearty swill, before another deep lungful, sitting back and laughing. He flicks ash to the floor without making an obvious mark. 
  ‘You having a laugh? You’ve just finished prison and you want to get murdered instead?’ Said Smithy, and he must’ve said something funny because Justin started having problems breathing. He just sat there, mouth open gasping like a fish out of water.
  He then went silent. The scar rising from his top lip curls like a cleft-pallet, and he cranks a neck that’s had a couple years of collective weight training.
  One of their misadventures before he went away-for the first stint.  Teenagers out and feeling the wrath of angry men as banks imploded and everyone was fucked. He owns it now. Owns it like some people own a suit. 
  ‘What’s your point? You take a mugs job, or you get your hands dirty. There’s no fucking handouts in the street life, you’ll be putting a shift in.’ He said with cold finality. 
  ‘Mugs job?’ Said Smithy and he felt like a mug repeating the obvious. 
  ‘Ye….i didn’t stutter….a fucking mugs job. I don’t know how long and how many times I have to repeat it before you start listening to me man. If you can’t rent a house and raise a little family, it’s a fucking mugs job. No argument man, none.’  Said Justin sipping the tea and smiling that same dark smile. Hook, line and sinker. He’s got him, he’s got an employee. 
  ‘Run me through your job and where you getting it from?’ Said Smithy, he couldn’t argue with that. It took a few years but he’s come round to his reality. 
  ‘I knew the grind would get to you eventually, you interested then? I’m still not sure man, you’ve always been a bit soft. Throw a few shapes after a beevy and a line but sober and with a bally on? It’s a different game. Are you sure you’re ready to get those clean hands dirty?’
  ‘Whatever man, nothing’s changing and I’ve had enough of this shit. Who’s the guy you want to bump off?’ Said Smithy and he didn’t quite believe he was ready himself. It was the rent a house and family shit that really turned the screw, fixing his new position in life before he even thought about it. The bathroom mold growing over any expectation of bringing a nice girl back, he can’t remember the last time he went on a date. His boys call him one-time Smithy for a reason. 
  ‘He’s a dealer, my cousin sorted him out in prison, owes him a few coins but isn’t making the payment whilst he’s still in prison, so he wants me to take him out of business for a while.’
  ‘Isn’t that going to come back to us?’
  ‘Nah mate, not a chance. He doesn’t know me, certainly doesn’t know your ugly mug and he’s a piss head. It’ll be easy as fuck man, proper simple.’
  ‘What drugs we taking?’
  ‘Man sells everything man, so it’ll be a like a sweet shop, at least potentially. I hear he has a grow on the go, dunno when he’s chopping it down though man, so be just a lucky draw with the crop and I’m not sitting on the house for months on end. The powder and rocks will be worth it anyway.’
  ‘Coke?’ Said Smithy rubbing his nose, remembering the innocence being lost before even finishing school. Him and Justin caught in the toilet sharing a bag from the six-foot four PE teacher, peering over with a smile. He was always a prick. The spot he had doing his A-Levels was taken away, and before he knew it, he was fucked. Few years down the line of minimum wage jobs, no trades going as the economy was fucked and here, he is. 
  ‘Maybe, I don’t think so though. Heroin and crack mostly. He’s part of some minor firm, got a few kids running for him as he’s too pissed to get behind the wheel. Doesn’t keep cash there, has a different stash and no idea where that is. His boys boss about in Audi S3’s and Golf Gti’s, I couldn’t keep up if I tried.’
  ‘Sounds like we need to get lucky to be lucky man, bit risky to me.’
  ‘I’ve done a few of these in the past when my cousin was out, it’s always interesting what you end up finding. He owes my cousin four bags and he wants it back, and I’m going in. If I know you’re selling you’re on my radar man, if you think you can bump my cousin you’re fucked. I’m going in, depends if you want a piece man.’ Said Justin rubbing his fingers together and slapping them as if trying to make it rain like his Giff. He did that a lot, boasting about stacking with hand gestures and Smithy would usually shrug it off. This time he watched and imagined the feeling. He literally flicks pennies into a jar every other day, Justin wasn’t joking.  
  ‘I don’t want to do shit for a few hundred.’
  ‘How much you earn a week?’ Said Justin and he takes off his little Prada man bag, puts it on the coffee table and unzips it. He doesn’t show the contents, just leaves it there with the dark void inside hidden. 
  ‘Two hundred and sixty-four pound a week.’ Said Smithy, taking out his brown envelope and showing it to Justin.
  ‘You’ve been doing a full week’s graft for that? Like I said, a mugs job.’ Said Justin, throwing it to the floor. ‘I don’t even need to tell you that, you know it already, don’t yah? Smash in there, fuck him up and walk away with at least a few grand each, at least. You’re telling me you wanna work for this again. It is not changing man, you know that. Get real man, you are mug in your mom’s council shit hole. Look at this place, this is it for you and me playing by the rules. Look, my cousin just repeated this, the fastest route to poverty is honesty man, and it’s true. If the politicians can take a backhander, why can’t we get our hands dirty? Look man, if the crops there, you are talking twenty bags at least and then your off work for a year if you want. Maybe even treat your piss-head mom to a new bathroom, and a new kitchen while you are at it and get a discount.’ Said Justin emptying the bag, all the notes mainly tens just fall out. ‘That’s just today, two thirds or so profit.’ Said Justin spreading them out and it was more than Smithy’s wage for the week covering the coffee table. 
  ‘She always cries when she has a bath, probably looking up at that fucking wall.’ Said Smithy looking around his living room and the stains on the carpet from the spilt wine. ‘I’m in anyway, sales pitch is done. Fuck it. What’s your plan?’ Said Smithy thinking about a solution to his moms drinking, among other problems. He looks to the carpet and wonders how much it would cost to replace.  
  ‘At least she’s trying, better than two hours like mine, that’s only when she’s sleeping, preferred her on the brown at least she never chewed my fucking ear off every day.’ Said Justin taking the joint and sucking deeply. ‘All we need to do is knock the door with the sledgehammer and walk right in, smash him if he’s there, it’s that simple man. A lot of problems solved.’
  ‘Then what?’
  ‘Has your brain gone to fucking mush inside that factory? You’d think you spent your time where I’ve been.’
  ‘What you thinking man, there’s more to your little scarred face then taking this fucker out, you don’t need me for that.’
  ‘I want to get on the crop man, I just need someone I can trust. I need you committed and investing.’
  ‘What? Growing one?’
  ‘Ye man, I just need a man with a legit history for the venue, you get me? Some work history, no scars on their face and paid some tax like a mug legit.’ Said Justin laughing, throwing his money in the air and blowing them across the floor. 
  ‘We’ll talk after, right now I need the coin.’
  ‘Look, you don’t come with and take a share unless you’re investing your own money for the rent and bills. Decide man, I can get someone else for cheaper, much cheaper to take this dealer out. I want a partner after, that is why I’m here floating this shit now. Take it or leave it.’ Said Justin, pointing to the notes on the floor. 
  ‘Ok, I understand man. Bump this guy off, take his crop if it’s there and whatever we find we use it to start a crop…….and you want me to front it?’
  ‘It’s the way it is for me man, life cycle of the street, rob from the guy who has it when you don’t. Simple. You wanna start, you take some risks.’
  ‘And I take a fucking sentence with my name on the venue?’
  ‘Less than fifty plants and you get like three months, probably suspended with your record. Fifty plants every three months is fifty bags. You doing the math’s yet peasant?’
  ‘Jesus, fucking hell.’
  ‘No god in the street life, there’s no Italian mafia in these ends either, just a bunch of freelancers waiting to fuck someone, or get fucked. So, you in?’ Said Justin taking another hearty swill finishing it off. ‘You make a great brew, fucking hell that’s good.’ He said slamming the cup down. 
  ‘Only Yorkshire in this house. You done many of these crops? I know you chopped a few down but you know what you’re doing?’ Said Smithy thinking of all the lads he knows who’ve done it. The casual nature always intrigued him. He never thought of doing it himself, he wouldn’t even know where to start. He’d smoke a quarter a week-getting it at a good price anyway. Not like he could start in his Mom’s house. He couldn’t leave a tenner around, let alone take a room and fill it with twenty bags. 
  A crop, if you’re scratching your head, is what the boys of the council estates sometimes call their grow. A little bit of gentry inside a spare bedroom for most. Perhaps an attic space that’s been tented off, blowing hot air into the rafters for the more adventurous.  Stepping over dusty fairy lights to heat lamps and humidifiers, where Christmas really could come for once if you do it right. Unless you burn your house down because you can’t DIY the electrics like Spencer nearly killing his little kids in the process. 
  ‘I haven’t done one myself, ye, I’ve chopped plenty down though. I told you, didn’t I? Got taken blindfolded and stripped naked and shit, ended up in a warehouse. I could’ve been down the street for all I knew, drove for ever.’
  ‘Didn’t tell me that, fuck, when was that?’
  ‘When my cousin was out, can’t get on it now as it was his connect and they’re funny as, for obvious reasons.’ Said Justin dejected, taking the lunchbox and starts preparing another smoke. 
  ‘I swear you said he had a crop on?’  
  ‘He had his little crop of three plants in his house, had some banging kush. He taught me the basics, but that shit was just personal use.’
  ‘Why didn’t he get on it, you know proper?’
  ‘Not enough money for that man, he likes the real fast cash of the cocaine and hasn’t the patience to wait for the plants, he’d rather rob the poor bastards that have. He enjoys the violence of it, can be an animal.’
  ‘Done him no favours if he’s in prison.’
  ‘True that, not a life for me in and out, just money for me now like I said. He just can’t keep his hands to himself. Slapped his missus around, put her in a right state man, doing three years, silly bastard. I told him to get rid of the drama and come along with me and just make some money. Dump the bitch before you snap is the exact words out my mouth.’ Said Justin fingering the joint in his hand in a seamless move done thousands of times before. He offers it to his lips and seals the next one.
  ‘Ye, I seen he was a bit wild when I met him.’
  ‘He’s got his demons, had a harder life than me man. His Dad was a fucking animal man, killed himself in nick when he got life for murder. When he was eighteen, he was on the same wing his dad killed himself. He wasn’t the same after that. He was doing shootings on license for fuck sake until he got done again. This was years back and surprised he isn’t in for longer, or dead. Anyway, he isn’t waiting for his cash, so we need to bump this guy off.’ Said Justin and right then Smithy suspected there was more to this than his longtime friend was letting on. He averted his eyes and just took a few drags. Passing it on without even looking at him, just the floor. Smithy was thinking about the sniffle and how much of that ‘profit’ sitting on the coffee table would be just paying off his own debts. Right now, he didn’t give a fuck.
  ‘To be honest, you’ve sold me on this.’ Said Smithy trying to change the subject and the negative path those neurons were starting to fire in. ‘Who is this guy?’
  ‘Does it even matter?’
  ‘It does. I don’t fancy walking into a shallow grave for a few thousand.’
  ‘Give over, nothing’s going to happen.’
  ‘Mate, you know what I mean, I just want to be prepared.’
  ‘I’ll pick you up a bullet proof vest from ebay, I’ve got one myself at home already. Happy?’
  ‘It’s a start.’
  ‘It will change everything for you, that’s all you need to be prepared for. You won’t be walking in there with your dick in hand, balaclavas on and beaters and we’re good to go.’ Said Justin, mimicking a bat as he slaps his palm into his fist. 
  A decision, if there ever was one, was to become a poacher of the concrete estate. There’s an acute problem with this kind of game though, there’s bandits at every crossroad. Someone is always watching someone. Eyes on the semi-detached house, and all the way to the nondescript warehouse where the players are counting serious cash.
  ‘It’s all about the lemon haze Justin, in a maze of craze man.’ Said Smithy as all the thoughts start to wither and die as he falls to the green, like he has nearly every day for the last seven years since his first puff at fifteen. 
  ‘I can’t talk man, my jaws fucked after mixing fire beak and that shit.’ Said Justin closing his eyes, taking a long drag and stretching out his legs on the twenty-year-old sofa with more scars than his face.


3
Nine days later. 
  ‘Ready yet?’
  ‘Of course, just getting my bat. Who the fuck is the crack-head’? Said Smithy looking through his curtains, twitching in kind at the cord. His burner phone to his ear. He leaves his I-Phone in his drawer, location left on.  
  ‘He’s our driver man, he’s alright just don’t mention his gnashers.’
  ‘What’s up with his teeth?’
  ‘He smokes crack, what you think? You’ll see, don’t say anything he’s a sensitive sausage.’ Said Justin pacing down the street with a cigarette. 
  ‘I’ll be out in a second.’ Said Smithy, reaching under his bed and grabbing his bat. Beater, wackin’ stick, or bat. It’s now a tool of the trade. 

  ‘Ready for your big night out?’ Said Justin, leaning up a battered Toyota Yaris smoking, blowing into the air and watching it flow into the dark night.
  ‘I’ve been pumping since last week man, you sure we’re good to go?’ Said Smithy, pulling his jacket tight and shivering. He thinks about going back in and grabbing a jumper. 
  ‘All sweet, was just waiting for this guy here to get us a motor.’ Said Justin pointing to the driver, who nervously moves inside. He has little sores under his chin and picks at them, leaving a trickle of blood to seep down his slim neck and a faded tattoo of a kid’s name born a few years before Smithy, yet indelible. 
  ‘Taking the piss with that?’
  ‘Nah man, he’s my cousin’s little mule and he burgles old ladies for a fix. I said to him, get a car, do some driving for us and you’d get a shit ton of drugs. The man had it ready in two days. What’s the problem? You think I would turn up in my motor?’ Said Justin, pointing out the Yaris and the beige shawl sitting in the backseat. Smithy’s Nan used to have a blue one and he remembers the soft wool on his cheek fondly. 
  ‘What you mean his mule? He couldn’t carry himself to the doctors for fuck sake, let alone us to a job.’
  ‘If you want his life story ask him, the fucker does nothing but talk shit, you can sit in the front, I’ve had enough of him. Try not to touch shit, fingerprints and shit.’
  ‘I don’t care about this tools story. I thought it was just us?’
  ‘This guy owes my cousin money too, lots of it the fiendish bastard. If we get chased by the blue bastards then we get out and he drives on, he’ll run it into the ground and go to prison and we’ll have the time to get away. He likes prison, so he’s all over it.’ Said Justin finishing the cigarette and throwing to the floor. The binmen are on strike and the bins are overflowing, it isn’t noticed. Brushing down his black tracksuit of the ash, he throws his hood up hiding his face as a car drives passed. 
  ‘We’ve got more chance of being pulled over with him at the wheel, look at the state of him.’ Said Smithy, pointing to the scrawny addict picking at his potholed face with a shade of grey only achieved through the brown.
  ‘It’s alright man, the car’s on fake plates and it’s common as fuck, don’t worry. Police go for the driver man, chill.’
  ‘What area is that house again?’
  ‘Acocks Green, not far. How you forget that?’ Said Justin jumping into the back seat.
  ‘Been talking about it all week for fuck sake.’ He continued, looking to Smithy like he’s an idiot. 
  ‘I’m on it.’ Said Smithy turning away before deciding to walk away back to his house and a safe joint and the playstation. ‘Alright gummy bear, how you doing?’ Said Smithy jumping into the passenger seat and turning to the driver, whose tearing into the steering wheel with blackened nails. 
  ‘What you say?’ Said the Mule with blackened teeth too, at least the ones that were left. 
  ‘Nothing man, you sure about this Justin?’ Said Smithy turning to the back seat with wide eyes. He’s seen a few of these around, always shuffling, going somewhere with a can of high strength cider to get them going until they find the dragon. Never this close and personal though, feeling his breath on his skin as he talks. The only words he’s ever exchanged is ‘nah mate, don’t drink coffee’ when offered two jars of Kenco for a fiver outside Londis. 
  ‘Don’t worry about him Mule, just drive the fucking car. You know where we’re going ye?’ Said Justin, leaning back and enjoying the moment. Smithy can’t remember him ever choosing the back seat, especially in a tiny hatch like this. He’s at least six feet tall and his knees need to turn without bumping the backseat. Smithy was told he chatted shit, not that this addict was bleeding his Hep-C everywhere. Now, as blood continues to seep down the Mules neck and he picks his nose and wipes it on the seat, he just thinks of twenty bags, just twenty bags and all his problems can be solved with a broken door. 
  ‘Aye ye, smashing the big bastard? I know that horrible fat twat.’
  ‘Do you know him?’ Said Smithy, turning to him and then away. He’s a hard man to look at, pitted with old scars and new sores, like a leper without the bandages. Smithy must remind himself he doesn’t share needles so not to worry. 
  ‘Ye bruv proper fat bastard, horrible fat twat.’
  ‘In what way?’
  ‘Ye bruv a proper fat bastard, a horrible twat.’ 
  ‘Ye, in what fucking way?’
  ‘He’s just a proper fat bastard and a horrible fucking twat, and Russian or Latvian, or one of them countries with fat bastards. I can’t drive and talk bruv shut your hole.’ Said Mule spluttering down his chin and picking at a puss ridden sore on his hand. Smithy turns to the window and heaves. 
  ‘He isn’t going to get far in a chase.’ Said Smithy at a whisper.
  ‘Nah, he’s a useless fucker and he knows it.’
  ‘Why’s he called the Mule? He can’t drive for shit.’ Said Smithy as he stutters and nearly stalls at an island and a car beeps behind.
  ‘Because I can carry a shit ton of shit up my arse that’s why!’ Said the Mule without turning from the road. The one behind turns off and they’re the only ones around. He clutches the wheel as if on a motorway and he’s just passed the transport police. It would’ve been better if he’d driven thinks Smithy, looking at the getaway driver and still trying not to heave up his dinner. 
  ‘Keep driving fella, just one thing at a time you said, stick to it.’ Said Justin laughing in the back as if it’s all a joke. 
  ‘Can you trust this man, look at him!’ 
  ‘I’ve done bare of these jobs man, trusted geeza don’t you worry little boy. I’ve got six mini-phones and thirty sim-cards up my rusty badge right now, I’m ready to get nicked.’ Said the Mule, still not turning from the road. Smithy puts his hands to his face. 
  ‘One more word out of you, I swear to fuck you’re walking to whatever bridge you live under.’ Said Smithy, opening the bag on his lap and holding his little rounders bat. He stole it from school when he was twelve, sticking it down his blazer and strolling out without a fuss. Hasn’t left the little spot underneath his bed, apart from the time the burglars tried prying the back windows open for the hundredth time since. He looks to the Mule and wonders if he’s one of the fuckers who had his first two PlayStation’s away while at school. Horrible little crack head bastard he thinks, slapping the bat in his hand. He spent his year eight summer holidays staring at day-time TV until Justin was up, which was rarely before three because of the green, as he started dabbling in primary school. He was hooked before turning a teen and hasn’t stopped since. 
  ‘Alright bruv, I’m not deaf, even if I look half-dead.’ Said the Mule and he turns with a gummy smile with little black and brown teeth only Smithy has seen close-up on American cop shows. 
  ‘Enough of you man, Smithy you need to understand a few things here mate.’ Said Justin coldly, almost professionally in manner as he moves forward and comes close to Smithy’s ear. Smithy could almost hear his heart beating through his chest and started to think he was nervous. Nah, not Justin, he was excited the mad bastard. Smithy was the one wiping the cold sweat on his legs. 
  ‘What’s that?’
  ‘We’re in this together. I’m coming with ye, we share what we find fifty-fifty after we sort my cousin out, alright?’
  ‘Mate or no mate, don’t try and fuck you over? Looking at me like I’m some sort of cunt and I’m going to be shoving bags down my dick. What you taking me for?’
  ‘It’s not that. It just needs to be said.’
  ‘There’s things that don’t need to be.’ Said Smithy, and he was lying. He was thinking the same of him and was going to keep a close eye anyway. It was always a fifty-fifty venture in his mind. He can stick his share up his arse he thinks.
  They didn’t agree to have some crack-head come along for the show for starters. Then again, Justin was right. The police will always go for the driver first if there is a chase. Watched enough Police Interceptors to know that. They can’t charge a passenger for driving a stolen car. Just get the crack-head to take the hit, just like they’re used to. Justin’s shrewder than he looks, certainly fooled Smithy into the motor. 
  ‘True that, you ready to make some money?’
  ‘More than you could ever know man, how far we out?’
  ‘Not far man, you got that vest on?’
  ‘Ye man, it’s a nice fit.’ Said Smithy tapping away at the vest. Justin said it was bullet-proof, but it was only a stab vest and he wasn’t sure it would be any good. Better than nothing he thinks. 
  He was pacing around his room for the last few days, beater in hand as if training for his new role. He caught himself in the mirror and nearly cried. Those tears vanished quickly however, as the paycheck was left open on his chest of draws and for the first time, he smashes the little rounders bat on the top in rage. The pointless paper made the imprint in more than one way.
  ‘Good one mate, we’re nearly there. Just remember this….’ Said Justin as the Mule pulls up on a residential street. Typical council houses, nothing sticking out. Smithy couldn’t guess which one, ‘Police aren’t going to come looking for us.’ He said as Smithy looks out and knows there’s more.
  How could someone change over the years in prison? Did Smithy still know him? He went away at sixteen for violence, then at eighteen for supply and is out on license with more lust for the easy pound than his younger self. He’s a survivor. He wasn’t under any illusions about his character and he always knew he thought of himself first, perhaps his little sister a close second. He had a bottom line extending to his own shoelaces usually, and only out for himself. He’s had no choice, no fucker’s give him a helping hand, so Smithy’s never taken it personal. His had his back when it mattered most. He remembers when he was in prison, he got a call asking if he could use his name to get a rental car when he got out. He wanted to use him then, is he using him now?
  Smithy was struggling, swallowing dust in an excitable chatter of potential riches of tomorrow. He was already counting the cash. He had a lot more to ride on this, given his clean criminal record. It wasn’t the case of having nothing to lose, not entirely. 
  Criminal riches hidden behind dirty PVC windows and tobacco stained drapes. Smithy didn’t imagine in his own world what was hiding within his grasp. He wasn’t in that world now. He was in another, an alternative reality of a different lad and he hadn’t even done anything, yet. There was no going back. He couldn’t walk to the Bus-Stop ever again and not think of what the local dealers have in their drawers. He was on board, all the way. His leg twitches the last vestige of his nerves as the location nears. He remembers the street from Google maps and grips the beater ready.  
  ‘We’ll be doing lines of coke…..instead of line-ups down the station, aye kid?’ Said Justin, slapping Mule on the back of his skinny shoulder that hallowed like he’s been rotted from the inside. 
  ‘Or a speedball in the toes!’ Said the Mule, taking a drink from a Lucozade after pulling to a slow stop.
  ‘Don’t fucking move, only shake in position, you get me man?’ Said Justin tapping a sledgehammer on the headrest. 
  ‘I need a fix man, I wouldn’t leave, I swear.’ Said the Mule scratching his sores and rubbing his arms. He was anticipating his own pain ending soon too.  
  ‘Get me away from this waste.’ Said Smithy stepping out and blowing his hands warm. A few lights are on and a TV flickers in the street further down. Nothing outside though, they’re alone. Perfect place for a crop he thinks, nice and quiet with no traffic at night. 
  ‘Take this.’ Said Justin, throwing a piece of black cotton with well positioned holes into Smithy’s free hand. 
  He slid the balaclava over his head. Unless you count wrapping himself in a scarf while waiting at that Bus-Stop in January, he’d never really covered his face before. He hadn’t the need. Unlike working in a factory for minimum wage and treated like a dog, it didn’t feel so unnatural. It was if the anxieties were lost in the darkness. He could be anyone and become anyone he wanted. 
  Fully prepared, his illusion was complete as he follows Justin’s lead. Smoke and mirrors from the working-class magicians with a limited bag of party tricks to choose from. They’re Schwag Lads.
  ‘Where you get this?’ Said Smithy, still following close behind.
  ‘Just fucking take it, it’s this gaff here.’ Said Justin handing over a small bottle of pepper spray. 
  ‘I should’ve worn a pair of goggles man, you think we’ll need this?’ Said Smithy, holding the bottle in his hands. It was more dangerous than the bat and would get a higher sentence too. He was carrying a few years inside, even with the clean record. 
  They’re usually best served out to drunks on Broad street from the boys in blue. He remembers the lingering sting on his eyes after one was used at the football after Blues lost in the cup.
  ‘Just put it in your pocket, he’s a big bastard, just in case.’ Said Justin walking in front with the sledge-hammer hanging by his side. He’s attempting to hide it, however anyone looking outside right now would see two lads in black, armed, with balaclavas, pacing quickly to ruin someone’s day. 
  ‘Few fucking years this.’ 
  ‘Oh fuck off, you will use it anyway. No fucking about. We’re in and out.’ Said Justin pointing to Smithy’s blackened face suggesting this wasn’t exactly of his own volition now. Snarling like a sergeant of arms with a pulsating vein on his neck. 
  ‘Remember the plan?’ He said as they head close towards the house. It’s a Monday morning and it’s early enough for the birds to be the only sound, other than their soft voices. 
  ‘We go round the back and through the back door….’ Said Smithy, thinking of the steps they had discussed during the week. They would go around the back and enter through the back door. They checked it out on Google maps, saving any suspicions doing a drive-by and as Smithy gets close to the house, he remembers the red front door and the neighbours Clio on the drive now too. 
  ‘And then.’ Said Justin snapping in, turning to Smithy as they moved along the side of the house. Smithy stepped over a discarded lager he didn’t recognise. It looked European and potent. One of those eastern European lagers he hadn’t developed a stomach for. A crest of an eagle, with talons ripping over the crimpled metal. Was it crushed by a foot or a powerful hand? The Mule did say he was a fat bastard. 
  ‘I’m with it….come on.’ Said Smithy taking the lead and hopping over the back gate. He opens easily as there’s no padlock on the bolt and with a creak of a rusty hinge they’re walking over broken bottles to the door. 
  ‘One hit and we’re in.’ Said Justin readying himself and taking aim with the sledge. The door wasn’t reinforced and must have been the original wooden one from the paint fraying at the edges. They could’ve kicked it through if they wanted. Smithy sees Justin smile as if he’s enjoying the thrill and with one swing, they’re in. 
  



4
  Smithy watches as Justin rushes through the kitchen to the hallway and he follows closely behind. He fondles the bat and with his other checks the pepper spray is still in his pocket. Walking through cautiously he looks out the window for a brief second to see if any lights have come on. It was only one swing, and everyone seems to have remained undisturbed. Which can’t be said for the house, as with the slamming of a door Justin rushes back into the kitchen, wide-eyed and terrified. 
  ‘We should go, like now man.’ Said Justin going for the door. His courage dissipates, broken like the glass outside.
  ‘What the fuck……’ Said Smithy as anger rises at Justin’s display of weakness, he grabs his arm and pulls him back. 
  ‘There’s a dog man, fucking run.’ He said trying to push through. Smithy grabs him tight and for some reason his weight didn’t push back. He allowed himself to be controlled and thrown into the corner of the kitchen where he falls into a heap. Smithy couldn’t believe his eyes, looking down to him as he cowers in the corner gripping the sledge in his hands as if he’s waiting to be beaten. 
  ‘Who’d that?’ Said a voice booming from a powerful chest, like a claxon call of danger from the bass. A TV casts his movements through the hallway as a door opens. He doesn’t see anyone, just the shadow. Then he heard it. A deep growl from an angry dog followed by a single bark that shook his feet back towards the door. Smithy wasn’t a fan of dogs either, although it didn’t scare him as much as Justin. He held his little rounders bat in his hand and stood his ground ready. Unless it was a pitbull, he should be able to smash its skull in he thinks. 
  ‘Dimitri……that you?’ He continued groggily, as you’d expect, he’s just been woken at four o’clock in the morning. Smithy looks to the counter-top and one side has bottles of empty vodka bottles alongside takeaway trays. 
  ‘Stay….stay the fuck there.’ Said Smithy as Justin, now standing holds the sledge-hammer. He’s frozen in spot other than eyes darting to the door and back to the hallway. 
  ‘You didn’t say he had a fucking dog.’ Said Smithy, jumping up and down in the darkened kitchen. He was starting to realise this wasn’t as simple as Justin made out and perhaps there was more surprises. He waits however, blocking the doorway out as Justin mouths ‘run’. 
  ‘I didn’t know man, come on before he lets the dog go. Let’s get the fuck out of here.’ 
  It started its run before Justin finished his whisper. Smithy heard its little feet tapping away at the wooden floor well before he seen it. It was coming fast, and it darted into the kitchen faster than Smithy had a chance to raise his bat. A stocky Staffordshire bull terrier flexing its muscles runs straight at Smithy. 
  ‘Say hello to Dimitri bitches!’ Said the voice again, laughing as the dog came running through and launches itself at Smithy with its jaws wide as Justin’s eyes. 
  ‘Hit him, fucking smash it now!’ Said Smithy as Dimitri clamps its heavy jaws around the end of the little rounders bat and starts pulling. Smithy holds on as he’s ripped around the kitchen. He can’t let go because he’d be next. His wrists jerks as the muscle-bound staff holds on. It was only a matter time before he released and went for something softer. 
  ‘Where?’ Said Justin aiming for a hit, holding the sledgehammer aloft over his head and nearly smashing the unlit bulb above. 
  ‘Just fucking hit it.’ Said Smithy letting go of the bat, just as Justin came down with the sledge and smashes Dimitri right off his head. There’s no blood just a heavy hollow thud before the dog drops to the floor. Not even a yelp, certainly no barking. 
  ‘You kill my dog you little bastards?’ Said the voice, seconds later storming through with a machete in his hand after throwing the sleeve to the floor. He stumbles under the influence of the drink and uses the wall for balance to stop him following the sleeve to the skirting.
  The big bastard was still opening his maundering eyes as such an early morning, as he was pissed, just like Justin said. He stands in the kitchen and looks around, however he must’ve downed an entire bottle of vodka because he seemingly couldn’t see Smithy standing right in front of him. 
  “Spray him, fucking hell spray him!’ Said Justin as the machete is turned in his direction. He holds out the sledgehammer and takes a couple of swings from the machete from range. The big bastard swings, all six foot six at least of a frame trying to lob Justin’s head off. He must not have seen Smithy all in black in the shadows. Justin’s illuminated by the window got all the attention. He only stops to check on Dimitri, who appears to be alive as his left leg spasms like he’s in one of those happy dog dreams. This only enrages him even more, as it’s clear to be the last death throes of a dog in transit to the farm. 
  Smithy stands there and waits for his moment. He reaches into his pocket and positions his finger carefully over the button. He moves to the side of the big bastard as he leans back for another strike. He’s within touching distance of the blade. He needs to act before his best friend is killed. He then strikes, pressing hard down on the button as the liquid shoots out and covers the big bastards face. The machete drops to the floor as his hands are instantly brought to his blinded eyes. 
  ‘Aaaargh.’ Screams the big bastard as he stumbles back tripping over his own dog. He falls to the floor as Smithy two handedly pushes the rounders bat into his face and with a thud smashes the back of his head off the tile floor, knocking him out cold. 
  ‘You fat bastard, have this.’ Said Justin, taking the rounders bat from Smithy’s hand and hitting him straight off the jaw. The crack was louder than his head hitting the floor and tinged Smithy’s ears as he slumps dejected into the corner. He changed quickly once the odds were in his favor. 
  ‘You’re going to kill him.’
  ‘Good, have this fat prick.’ Said Justin as starts laying down blows over his lifeless torso. Thud, thud on his barrel chest. He’s layered heavy with fat and muscle and his body takes it until the bat breaks in two pieces leaving Justin holding only the handle.
  ‘Crazy bastard, you better not have killed him.’ Said Smithy as he looks to the tile floor and the little pool of blood developing behind the fallen head. 
  ‘Fucking hell man, I broke the damn thing.’ Said Justin throwing the handle to the floor. 
  ‘Anyone else here?’ Said Smithy meekly as he raises his balaclava to take a deep lungful of air. 
  ‘Put the shit back on now, might be cameras.’ 
  ‘Where the fuck you going? Said Smithy as Justin rushes off. He was expecting them to gather their things and get out of there. They made some racket and left a man for dead on his own kitchen floor. He looks out the window a second time, peering his head to the left and right to see if any lights have flickered on. Still, nothing.  Dead as the dog and perhaps the owner. 
  ‘I’m having a gander, just like you should be.’ Said Justin from the living room, before leaving for the stairs. ‘Hurry up man we can’t spend all night here it’s not a sleepover, not for us anyway.’ Said Justin storming up and laughing as if he knows where he’s going. 

  Smithy doesn’t remember making it into the living room. He stands there motionless and looks around at the walls. They’re closing in around him and the decision to follow Justin in here. His eyes zoom onto the pictures. Military snapshots peer down and remind him what a silly little shit he’s been. He should’ve asked more questions about who this dealer was, or more pressing, still is. 
  You’d think it would be the action shots of their victim shooting an AK47 rattling him. No, it was the Nazi memorabilia covering the chipboard walls that had him dead quiet, contemplating his own stupidity. 
  Smithy just realized the person he was bumping off, that not only was he really fucking dangerous, but he had equally dangerous fucking friends. The pictures don’t lie. He didn’t have enough milliliters in his little bottle of pepper spray for even one more big bastard, let alone a platoon of European soldiers of war. 
  ‘You find anything?’ Said Smithy calling up the stairs. He can hear banging and things breaking, snapping him out his fascination with the glory shots. 
  ‘Ye man, all drying out now man, just bagging them up. Lucky boys! Have a proper look down there and then come help me out.’ Said Justin excitedly. 
  ‘Sound as, I’ll turn this place over.’ Said Smithy going back into the living room and the walls were still trying to close him in. They weren’t allowed to break him out of his greedy spell. 

  He was opening draws and lifting the rancid sofa soon enough. He’d come this far, so Swastikas and the AK’s were pushed back for the search. He didn’t find anything on his first pass. It would change however, pushing a sofa out the way to get to the back of a large glass cabinet in the corner of the room. The cabinets empty other than dirty glasses and a few books. He stands there in a trashed room with nothing to find. He looks down however, he can see a bend in the carpet where it’s been turned over a few times between the sofa and cabinet. He presses his foot down around the carpet and nothing, until his foot sinks in slightly with a creak towards the skirting. He then pulls it back.
  Justin was right. He’s been wrong about a few things thinks Smithy, but one thing he said was you don’t know what you would find. He looks down at the wooden floor and one of the pieces of flooring isn’t fixed in. The holes that used to be there are clearly gone. He lifts it up and the void underneath is lined with plywood and filled with a black canvas bag. 
  ‘Fucking hell.’ Said Smithy taking out the bag, pulling the zip from one end to the other. He was tentative at first, and he didn’t really know why, other than whatever was there would’ve been there for a reason. His mind was racing quick, quicker than it ever did before. Interesting finds Justin said, he wasn’t fucking wrong. 
  ‘Justin, you need to see this man, get down here.’ Said Smithy, opening the bag and taking out the black cloth inside. It was heavy and from the shape it was clear what it was. It was sticking out in all the wrong places as Smithy feels the weight in his hands. He didn’t reveal what was behind the cloth, however he knew and felt the power as he placed it down on the sofa and looked back to the bag. There were just two bundles of notes about an inch thick of twenties. He looks behind him to the stairs.  
  ‘Get ready to bolt…..I’m packing up you mug.’ Said Justin without acknowledging what Smithy said.  
  He knew what Justin said, fifty-fifty and not to fuck him over. Thoughts like that aren’t entertained for long. He opens up his jacket, takes out his man-bag he hid inside and opens it up. He slots the cash inside and was about to zip up until he seen the cloth again, sitting there on the sofa. He didn’t want to touch it again but couldn’t help himself. He lifts the cloth revealing a revolver. Huge numbers spin upstairs, not on a roulette wheel either where most of his peers have put their hopes in salvation. He looks to the pictures on the wall and picks it up.
  ‘Grab a fucking bag.’ Said Justin as he launches one down the stairs, and then another on top. Smithy looks behind him and zips up his jacket as Justin rushes down the stairs carrying another. 
  ‘What’s in there?’
  ‘Grab it and go, like fucking now.’ Said Justin opening the front door, picking up a bag in each hand and running off without even a cursory glance at Smithy as he picks up the last one.

  ‘Drive the fucking car, let’s go.’ Said Smithy jumping in the front seat with his bag to his chest. 
  ‘That smells pukka as bruv, pukka as bruv.’ Said the Mule burning rubber and screeching off down the street with the lights off. 
  ‘Drive the fucking car slowly, we don’t wanna wake the whole street you mug.’ Said Justin, throwing his balaclava down to the floor.  
  ‘I hear ye bruv.’ Said the Mule as the Yaris disappears down the backstreets in the direction of Shard-End and safety. 
  ‘Is it just green?’ Said Smithy unzipping the bag and taking a sniff. 
  ‘Nah man, got some powder too, not sure what it is though looks like ketamine.’
  ‘Fucking ket?’
  ‘Ye, no drama, there’s about two kilos of the stuff in the bottom of this one.’
  ‘Nothing else? Just that?’
  ‘Smithy, my cousin is sorted with one of those bags and the rest is ours.’
  ‘How much?’
  ‘Enough for a year off kid! Your Mom on the night shift again ye?’
  ‘Finishes at eight in the morning.’
  ‘Got a few hours to divvy up man we’ll soon see.’
  ‘No heroin for me?’ Said the Mule scratching at his face.
  ‘I’ll sort you some notes after you get rid of this car, I want it burned in Small Heath and you get a few hundred.’
  ‘Fucking hell I’m clucking now.’
  ‘Cluck us back to Smithy’s and….what the fuck is that?’ Said Justin looking back. 
  ‘Fuck, is that police?’ Said Smithy as blue sirens can be seen in the distance flashing off a hotel outside Acocks Green train station, the same one they just passed. 
  ‘Turn here and pull over.’ Said Justin as the Mule obliges, pulling to a stop. The blue lights keep flashing and they’re not sure if they’re coming closer as they just flash as if the police car has come to a stop. 
  ‘We can’t just sit here, get away from here man.’ Said Smithy as Justin winds down the window and listens.
  ‘Wait, I need to hear where what we’re moving into.’ Said Justin winding down the window and ushering them to silence with his fingers to his lips. 
  ‘What you doing……..get us out of here, Mule, move your fucking arse.’ Said Smithy frantically looking around and expecting the whole West Midlands Police force to be boxing them in at any second.
  ‘Can you hear the screeching? Sounds like an RS, so they’re on a chase and I bet my fucking balls it gets away.’
  ‘Nah, nothing.’
  ‘Open the boot, we’ll need to leave it here and call a taxi from down the road.’ Said Justin stepping out and taking his two bags with him.
  ‘We can’t leave it here.’
  ‘We have to for a few hours, we’ll get back to mine and pick up my motor and pick the bags up after. There might be a helicopter in the area soon, if the guy gets away the police be having a good look into every car. They’ll stop us man, I swear.’
  ‘Fuck sake, what we doing with him?’
  ‘Mule, here’s a few notes and fuck off. Anything happens to the gear or motor I’ll fucking end you, understand?’ Said Justin taking out a few notes and thrusting them into the Mules hand. He doesn’t even look at Smithy and Justin again only the notes. He counts frantically before shoving down his pants. The sirens can’t be heard, however the clouds in the sky are flashing blue as the Mule rushes off into a dark alley. 
  ‘He’ll be back and fuck us.’ Said Smithy watching the blue lights hitting the clouds and the Mule vanishing into the darkness. 
  ‘Within thirty minutes he’d be sticking a needle in his arm, don’t worry about him he lives about five minutes away. Come on, let’s go.’ Said Justin and Smithy follows behind reluctantly.
  He watches the houses and yet again, doesn’t see any movement. His whole future is sitting in the back of the Yaris that’s being abandoned and they’re walking off down the street. 
  ‘It’s coming this way, they must be setting up for a stinger or some shit.’ Said Justin as he pulls out his phone and calls for a taxi.
  ‘I can hear it, it’s not far.’ Said Smithy listening to the loud rev of an engine. He couldn’t tell if it was an RS or not. It certainly sounded powerful and echoed through the early morning. 
  ‘Wait for it, it’s coming.’ Said Justin as a blue Audi RS6 bolts it straight passed them, followed behind by two BMW X5’s flashing their blues close behind.
  ‘Fuck sake the place is crawling with police.’ Said Smithy as another police car passes behind, followed by another and soon there’ a convoy coming from the Swan island. 
  ‘I think we’ll be alright, they’ll be playing games for ages…. the fucking RS still has its wheels.’ Said Justin heading back to where they’d come. Within sight, the Yaris beckons them once more.
  ‘You taking the piss?’ Said Smithy as the last in line convoy of three police cars are tearing it up in their direction.
  ‘Come on, I don’t trust that smack-head either.’ 
  ‘Nightmare this is.’ Said Smithy as the police cars steam passed them, heading in the direction they once came and after their colleagues.
  ‘You not excited? It’s been a great night out, can’t wait to count up.’ Said Justin as he jumps back into the Yaris. He flicks on the radio as if it’s a Sunday afternoon ride out in the country and he puts his foot down. 
  ‘Nah mate, I’m fucking exhausted.’ Said Smithy as he puts on his seat belt and shifts himself in the seat. Until this point Smithy didn’t remember what he had hidden down his jacket. The belt strap pulling tight, digging into his chest with every sharp corner terrified him all the way home.



5
  
3 months later.
‘I told you….wouldn’t regret it. It’s easy money, only your name on a venue and few grand of equipment, easy as man.’ Said Justin, looking through black-out curtains to the street outside.  
  It’s busy with children playing football on a small patch of grass and an old lady pulls weeds next door. None the wiser. 
  Smithy looks through the window too. It’s been nearly three months since they unloaded the Yaris and it’s one decision he’s never regretted. Justin left with the bags and come back two days later and handed Smithy seven thousand pound in cash. He was sure it wasn’t a clear fifty-fifty cut, however he kept the contents of his man-bag to himself, so he didn’t push it. Here however, he’d be keeping a closer eye on the weights. He kept the shooter to himself too. He was close to throwing in a river and decided to keep it. He was now in the drug business and he was starting to feel connected to the growing plants and was willing to protect them.
  ‘How the plants getting on?’
  ‘Few weeks and be ready to flush out and cut down, have a look.’
  ‘They’ve blown up already.’ Said Smithy opening a door to the largest room in the house in the next room. The front room they haven’t used to save any prying eyes getting suspicious. Smithy rented it out, using his own name and his wage slips while they were still valid enough. 
  ‘Don’t fuck up the atmosphere, get in and close the door.’ Said Justin pushing Smithy through and closing the door behind him.
  ‘It’s warm, sweating already.’ Said Smithy stepping into the glare of one of the lights and then stepping as far back as possible. They had thirty plants and for the last ten weeks they’d been nurturing them as if actual money was growing off them. 
  ‘One-year man and I’m out.’ Said Smithy as he wipes growing beads of sweat off his forehead. A crude hole in the ceiling with ducting coming out is attached to a carbon filter, which hums continually sucking the air out and with whatever smells left straight into the rafters. In the corner a fan spins, blowing hot air around the room and into the carbon filter. The fan doesn’t do much for the heat however thinks Smithy, but it’s not his comfort that’s at stake. The thirty plants growing nicely, with his previous year’s wages consisting of half of them are the only thing that matters.  
  ‘If you say so, smelling good already and they haven’t even started filling out.’ Said Justin stroking the leaves and pulling out some dead ones into a little black bucket, almost full of wilting leaves and dead twigs. 
  ‘Is that spidermite?’ Said Smithy leafing through the foliage and brushing his hands over his money. He’d never once seen it, but Justin assured him it’s real and to keep tabs on anything that looks out of place. Eats the bud, destroying the crop within days he said. 
  ‘Where?’
  ‘This here?’ As Smithy pulls back one of the growing buds and shines the light on it by stepping out the way. He can’t imagine anything getting to it other than another poacher himself. 
  ‘Show me now.’ Said Justin, exasperated at the thought of all those thousands being taken by a little spider, which ironically wasn’t a spider at all. 
  Smithy watches Justin operate methodically, checking the plant from the base all the way to the top. He doesn’t miss a stem and even the leaves get turned over and inspected. He checks the wooden bamboo stick last, by rubbing his hand up and down it and checking if there’s any transfer to his hand.
  ‘You’re going to give me heart attack man. I’ve already sprayed them, should be alright.’ He said as he analyses the rest with real concern.
  ‘I haven’t seen them, like a said before.’ Said Smithy trying to suck on all the information he can of the process like the carbon filter above does the smell. It’s the first one for Smithy and what Justin doesn’t know, the first year is going to be the last working with him. Well, that’s his plan as Justin sniffs his own cash at a rate, he feels he might end up pulling out the shooter to protect it at some point. He had to check himself at the thought. He’s been his friend since they were eleven and it crossed his mind more than he could take. 
  ‘I’ve heard of boys losing a whole crop in a few days man.’ Said Justin stroking the plants as he walks through them into the centre. He checks them carefully again, double checking some while continuing to add to the black bucket. He was in his element and Smithy watches on in awe of more money to come. 
  ‘When you flushing them out?’
  ‘We’ll start in a week….they need a little more feed first. You only get one chance to flush it out, do it too early man and the yield is fucked.’
  ‘So, you know the right time then ye?’ Said Smithy looking to plants and thinking they’re good to clip now and smoke once dried.  
  ‘This is my first full crop and I’m always learning man, might take a while to get the most out of them, but ye man I’ve got this first one sorted, we’ll get some decent cheddar off it for certain.’ Said Justin pulling out a ready-made spliff and lighting up.
  ‘Decent yield? What you think we’ll get?’ Said Smithy continuing to watch Justin work, picking out stems towards the bottom and throw them into the bucket. 
  ‘Varies, between six hundred and twelve depending on the THC levels, yield and what else is on the market.’ 
  ‘Come down for a cuppa, I can’t stand this heat.’ Said Smithy stepping out and heading down the stairs thinking of what he’s going to do with the money. He’s already replaced everything in his wardrobe for fresh gear and picked up a cheap motor. He hasn’t worked for nearly three months and still has cash left over. He wants a watch to go with his Stone Island jacket and some tattoos to go with his holiday plans. All of them resting on what happens in the next few weeks.

  ‘I’ll check a few things first.’ Said Justin slamming the door as Smithy left it ajar. Smithy was fascinated by it all and how easy it was to set up and as equally terrified about how easy it was to fuck it up. He keeps making those mistakes of leaving a door open, or not filling the jug of water to the exact measurements so the plants get all the same. It’s got the point where Justin doesn’t even want him around to fuck it up and certainly doesn’t allow him to do it alone.
  He reminds himself to relax and take it slowly. Like Justin said, he’s always learning, and he’s been around a few, albeit not to this scale.  
  Smithy went out and picked up the plant-pots and soil, while Justin got the thirty nursery plants, bought for fifty each off a supplier he knew specializing in it. Justin bought the fans and the carbon filter, and he got the reflective sheeting for the walls and the LED lights from a shop in Hall Green. 
  It wasn’t difficult once they had a quiet place to set up. Smithy’s name on the lease and the first three months paid up in advance. A few security measures like changing the locks and reinforcing the doors to the best of their ability-for obvious reasons. Blocking the windows to save any prying eyes. Smithy thought of it like a living jigsaw and they were just waiting now for feeding process to complete before they cash in and complete their emergence into the scene.
  ‘All good?’ Said Smithy handing over a fresh brew and taking the joint in return.
  ‘All good. I worked on a few with my cousin….like I said before he got sent away, there’s an art to it, some secrets to be unleashed and all that. Takes time to get a bumper pay day.’ Said Justin looking away as if he’s trying to hide something. 
  Justin must’ve spent more time here than his own place, protecting the crop and nurturing them to life. Smithy wasn’t needed, not really. It’s twenty thousand at least, perhaps over thirty with the good yield. Smithy looks to the counter-top with little bags that used to hold white powder, surrounding a CD case and Justin’s bank card. He needs to keep an eye on this crop, he might be closer to a poacher than he first thought if this habit is a serious as it looks. He can’t keep the thought out of his head.
  ‘You doing alright on that shit?’ Said Smithy pointing out the bags.
  ‘Don’t worry about me, got a lot on shottin’ the streets and managing this.’ 
  ‘Fairs, I’ll hit you up next week and sort the chop down.’ Said Smithy feeling his place is just the name and taking whatever cash he’s given at the end. Justin can sniff the lot for he cares if he gets his share. 

*

  ‘This is the beginning man, players now….big fucking players.’ Said Justin with gold on his wrist and a diamond in his ear. Bags full of dried out green ready to go in the back of Justin’s car. 
  ‘I wouldn’t say big….thirty plants is an average grow.’ Said Smithy looking to the bags and wondering if they’re light. 
  It’s been just over a week since they spent a hazy night listening to RnB classics and smoking another’s dried produce. The whole night, about nine hours they’d chopped all the buds and set them out drying. They could’ve done it faster if it weren’t for Justin rolling one straight after the next. He said it’s the way it’s done. You can’t chop down a crop sober he said, it’s against the rules. Smithy played along, not like it was hard anyway. He couldn’t wait for a smoke of his own produce and settled for taking deep sniffs instead when he was handed a big bud.
  ‘We’ve got massive weight there, bumper crop.’
  ‘How much we getting?’
  ‘I’ve got twenty-eight thousand for the lot from four different guys.’
  ‘Not bad for a few months’ work.’ Said Smithy thinking about the new car he’s going to buy. He was surprised by the number, Justin must’ve split it fairly. 
  ‘Not enough man split between two, plus bills. I’ve got something in the pipeline mate, easier money, much easier, much quicker.’ Said Justin raising his brow. 
  ‘Diamonds don’t pay for themselves.’
  ‘No, no they fucking don’t.’
  ‘What’s going on?’
  ‘Not sure yet, depends if you want to make some real money.’
  ‘I’m sure you’re going to tell me anyway man, just spit it out.’
  ‘Gardeners shop, all in the green my man, all in the green.’
  ‘That all you got?’ Said Smithy, not quite grasping what he was getting at. Justin’s smile gleamed like the diamond in his ear. 
  ‘Can I trust you?’
  ‘Seriously asking me that? I’ve known you all my life, you’re a prick but I love ya.’ Said Smithy, grabbing him and smacking a kiss on his cheek.
  ‘Oh, fuck off you soppy twat, getting all emotional because its payday again. Nah man, I know that, it’s just…it’s just this is different.’ 
  ‘Dangerous information?’
  ‘I’m worried mate, really worried.’
  ‘Spit it out for fuck sake, words don’t kill man.’
  ‘It’s a different class of information, dangerous shit.’ He said nervously, looking away as if he’s hiding something. 
  ‘Where you get it from?’
  ‘From my cousin, guys got ears and eyes man I’ll give that fucker that. He’s like the police, when you owe him, fucking hell he gets man’s talking about all sort of shit when he’s got them on their back the savage.’ 
  ‘I need more than that, come on fella, it’s not like I need foreplay like a virgin man, I’ve already got my beak wet on the last job.’
  ‘How can I forget that? We crushed a fucking dogs head, well I did while you played fucking games with it.’
  ‘I stopped you running for the door, remember that?’ Said Smithy.
  ‘Anyway, I’ve got information about a gardener’s shop that can make us rich, very fucking rich.’
  ‘You’re not much of a salesman, are ye? What you on about with the gardener’s shop?’
  ‘Use your brain Smithy…..it sells the equipment needed for guys like us. Some grows can’t be fitted out with a few trips to fucking Homebase.’
  ‘Homebase is closed, I went to B-n-Q.’
  ‘Oh…fuck off, you know what I mean. Do I need to spell it out to ye?’ Said Justin and like a flash of lightening it was bright and clear in Smithy’s mind. Smithy was already calculating the potential haul and how many shoe boxes full of cash he’d have. All his decisions were being set for him after feeling all those notes in his dirty, yet pain free hands.  
  ‘I must have more than this man, spit it out I’m interested.’
  ‘My cousin’s given me some information on a potential warehouse full of gear. He said he knows where he picks up his feed and knows when they’re next to land. They have to go at certain times when it’s quiet, save too many customers.’
  ‘How’s he getting the info?’
  ‘Cousin knows an insider at the place…..I can’t tell you who he is…. but he’s a top lad. I’ve met him already and he’s game for a cut.’ Said Justin raising his brow and nervously wiping his hands on his legs. 
  ‘Why you so nervous for man?’
  ‘It’s connected to the last place.’
  ‘What? That fat fucker involved in it? He out of hospital?’
  ‘Only spent a week in, gone sober from what I’ve heard and looking for the lads who fucked him over. Some boys have been filled in around his manor.’
  ‘I don’t give a fuck about that, I’m not worried. His crop?’
  ‘He’s connected to it, his boys have a bigger operation going, we only took his personal shit.’
  ‘So, what do you know?’ Said Smithy looking to the rear and not to the bags. He’s looking for the big bastard. He’d heard he was prowling and taking any known sharks for a little trip. Guns in mouths and lump hammers to the hands from the street talk. Smithy isn’t worried. He bought a bullet proof vest to go with his revolver and knows how to keep his mouth shut. He doesn’t expect he’ll need it, however. Smithy was surprised how quickly he was moving with the street life, adapting to what needed to be done. He tasted the cash, spilled some blood and isn’t shy of doing it again. This life is better he thinks. He’s never had so much cash to spend and doesn’t want it to end. In his mind, he was only getting started. This was his life now.
  ‘Cousin’s contact knows when he picks up his feed for the plants, needs a van load at a time.’
  ‘You said that already, what do we do? What’s the plan?’ Said Smithy feeling somewhat in the dark, wishing for light to cast off in diamonds. 
  ‘We follow and plant this little bad boy.’ Said Justin swiveling a rectangle of black plastic taken out of his pocket. Smithy couldn’t name it first, until Justin handed it to him and all of it fell directly into place. It was cold and black and about as interesting to look at as a calculator.  
  ‘Tracking device?’ Said Smithy feeling foolish at such a silly question. 
  ‘It’s easy to use man, all I need is a sim-card and to log online to track it.’ Said Justin, as Smithy looks at the simplicity of the device, allowing usage by the untrained he imagines the process.
  ‘Not one on my motor?’ Said Smithy jokingly.
  ‘Not from me, I would check every now and then though. Anyway man, you’re not known so don’t need to worry. How do you think I found his place the first time? I knew his boys dealt cocaine and waited for the fuckers to go the shop, I got underneath and planted the bastard. Tricks of the trade man, I’m as dirty as your bathroom.’ Said Justin snatching the device back and shoving it into his pocket. 
  ‘Fuck off you prick, just spent nearly two bags getting it smashed out, looks fresh now.’
  ‘You mug, it’s a council house, those bastards should pay. I don’t give a fuck, what am I saying man, your money. I’ve spent at least two bags on coke for personal use in the last few months, better on sorting your gaff out. Anyway man, you in or what?’
  ‘We’ll see, let’s drop this on the fat bastard again and see if we find out where he’s going. How do you see it?’
  ‘On the I-Phone mate, just log online and wait, easy as that. It sends you the co-ordinates by text if you want, or you can get the full route.’ Said Justin shrugging his shoulders as if Smithy had been making the habit of asking stupid questions and patience was wearing thin. 
  ‘That simple?’ Said Smithy thinking of another haul, a bigger score. 
  How could it be any more complicated? It’s been months since they smashed in the big bastard. Young men like them, first time with cash in their pockets aren’t going to be able to stop themselves taking a little more. Smithy wasn’t going back to the factory; he now owed his own enterprise. He was a boss. He was independent and surviving without a supervisor to humiliate him and a wage slip to finish him off into a dark depression come Friday. He hits the pub and gets lashed, meeting girls and taking them back to a hotel nearly every weekend. He doesn’t want it to end. 
  ‘It’s not going to be as simple….more cogs and that. You in?’ 
  ‘Ye man, see how doable it is.’
  ‘Look, we’ll just see where it is, if we can find it, and then we can make a decision. We’ve got it good man, nice and quiet with the crop. Should get another twenty-eight, or even more on the next one. We’ll see, ye?’ Said Justin analyzing Smithy’s face and he knew he was on. 
  ‘I’m on it. Let’s load this off and cash in, I fancy a trip to Bicester. I need a new Lacoste jumper.’ 
  

6

  One week later.
  ‘Not far away.’
  ‘How long have I been out?’ Said Smithy yawning. 
  ‘Long enough, not a fan of the early mornings?’
  ‘Nah man, unless I’ve got a Mule to keep me up through fear of dying in a crash.’
  ‘Out next week, could be on the next one.’
  ‘Fuck that, rather walk. Why did he get pinched?’
  ‘The phones and sim cards were still up his arse, done some shoplifting for a quick route to my cousin after he ran out of money. Some fucking life he has man.’
  ‘At least he made himself useful, wake me up when we’re nearly there.’
  ‘We’re nearly here, you wouldn’t get a minute, stay awake I’m bored.’ Said Justin slowing down apprehensively at a tight corner. Smithy felt his nerves in loud swallowing and those sweaty palms he could never hide as soon as he remembered why they were here. 
  ‘Can’t be down here, it’s in the middle of nowhere.’ Said Smithy feeling the pot-holed road under his seat as the car bounces along turning up gravel.
  ‘There’s plenty of people that know about this place man, quite popular.’ 
  ‘What type of people?’
  ‘Normal people and us, normal people and us.’ Said Justin pulling up to a clearing in the road. There are some buildings further down, however through the trees and bushes Smithy couldn’t tell what they were, or what they were used for.  
  ‘What you stopping for?’
  ‘Just to catch-up with my man before I land.’ Said Justin stepping out and making a call.
  He would never have found it unless he knew where it was thinks Smithy. Down one quaint country lane that follows another. It was if it was situated to be off grid. A railway line adjacent, still with a diesel operating on its tracks runs not too far away.  
  Smithy couldn’t remember the last time he was surrounded by so many rolling hills and trees as far as the eye could see. The only sign of trouble came from the rain, that didn’t seem to want to stop and trying to pronounce the native translations. It was a far cry from the greyness of city life. 
  ‘My contact inside told me he’ll be here today, confirmed in about an hour.’
  ‘Is he sure?’
  ‘Ye man, no drama. You ask too many questions man just roll with it.’ 
  ‘I don’t think I ask enough, we going for food?’
  ‘One worthy of answering, there’s a café next to it and you’re buying.’
  ‘Have what you want as long as you drive back.’ Said Smithy as Justin pulls away. 
 
  ‘Fucking hell man, thought you said it wasn’t busy?’
  ‘He said not as busy.’ Said Justin as they drive passed the garden centre with fifteen cars in a half-filled carpark. 
  Brits buy a lot of plants for the brief summer, apparently trying to perfect the art of growing a rose bush is bred in the blood from the number of middle-aged couples milling about thinks Smithy. 
  ‘Nice motors.’ He said spotting two Range-Rovers outside a door labeled office.  
  There is one thing for certain, they don’t buy enough for the owner of this establishment to have two matching Rangers on the gravel.
  ‘Sidelines man, he’s got a fucking sideline.’ Said Justin pointing to himself as he drives passed. 
  They weren’t second hand either, Smithy could smell the factory from the window as they pull in next door and a just as busy café. 
  ‘Some decent looking sandwiches there man.’ Said Justin. 
  ‘Kill an hour with a breakfast, you set the tracker?’
  ‘I set it alright, it’s good to go.’
  ‘What you having?’
  ‘Full English man.’
  ‘Can I ask for that here?’
  ‘Oh, fuck off and order whatever breakfast while I roll this joint.’ Said Justin laughing, he wasn’t sure himself. 
  Smithy couldn’t keep his eyes off the garden centre and all the people there. They didn’t have a clue. This was their day out and they never had the slightest idea what they were giving money too. Smithy imagined any sidelines were put through the books and washed. This is where he wanted to be. He wanted a legit income and a place to wash his money. He had too much already to put into the bank without the wrong questions coming his way. 
  ‘Can have two full breakfasts and two teas, please?’ Said Smithy reading from the menu.
  ‘That’ll be the special and only ten pound.’ Said the young girl serving.
  ‘How long?’
  ‘Ten minutes, take a seat and I’ll bring the teas over….sugar’s on the table.’ 
 
  ‘What you doing?’ Said Smithy taking his seat, watching Justin head his way and he couldn’t believe what he was seeing. 
  ‘What? I’m clearly about to spark a joint, fancy it?’ Said Justin with a joint in his hand ready to be lit. 
  ‘We’re not in Brumtown now fella, put that away before someone calls the police.’ Said Smithy imagining the instant relief from the tension. He would love a smoke and to stop thinking too much about what he’s doing. It’s been a few years of recession Britain and he’s managed to step up in life and sorted out the mold ridden bathroom at his Moms, whilst everyone else is sinking into despair. He was right in there with them and needed to shut his brain off daily, until he stopped playing by the rules and now, he needs it firing. He can relax after he’s earned another level he thinks. He knows he needs to remain focused and take what he wants, because he knows no fucker is going to give it him.  
  ‘Fuck sake, what you got?’
  ‘Full breakfast.’
  ‘Full English?’
  ‘They just call it a full breakfast here, it is Wales.’
  ‘Tossers, looks good though.’ Said Justin peering over at another table.
  

*

  ‘We should go for a walk around instead of sitting here like stalkers.’ Said Justin, wiping his palms and checking the tracker’s still in his pocket. 
  ‘Maybe, we don’t exactly fit in though.’ Said Smithy looking around the carpark and wondering if the old ladies, picking out little pots of flowers, have any idea what his intentions are.
  To Smithy, his face right now was completely seen through the cloth that night. Sitting in a carpark and waiting for the big bastard to turn up like he wouldn’t register on his radar. His heart was thumping like a beacon, and he was sure it would be picked up on. He wanted for a moment to hide and be protected, dart back to Brum and blend into the greyness. 
  ‘Dressed like a roadman since the year two thousand.’ Said Justin laughing and pulling at his Nike hoodie. 
  ‘Nah, seriously don’t want him to notice our faces.’ Said Smithy looking down at himself and to his new trainers. 
  ‘You know what? We haven’t thought this through, we should just go man.’ Said Justin fingering the ignition and Smithy turned and grabbed the wheel. 
  ‘You fucking serious? One bark from a dog and you’re trying to dip and now, for fuck sake.’
  ‘I think I just need the joint, getting nervous now I’m sober.’  Said Justin licking his lips and sniffing.
  ‘It’s that coke turning you into a muppet. I’ve got an idea man, they’ve got to have some work clobber in there, what time you got?’
  ‘It’s nine-thirty, bang on.’
  ‘Plenty of time….you good with a large?’ 
  ‘Ye sound, and get me some size nine boots while you’re at it.’
  ‘No bother, back in a minute….oh ye, call me if he turns up early.’ Said Smithy walking through the carpark and towards the entrance. He wasn’t sure if it was just a heightened sense of paranoia, however all he could notice was the quizzing looks at his attire from a group of pensioners checking out roses.
  He was now the Mule to them, that step below and not welcome he thinks. He couldn’t hide his roots in the Nike tracksuit and matching trainers, regardless of how clean they were.

*

  ‘Hey mate, you got any work gear? Doing some work on my nans garden.’ Said Smithy with his accent. It’s only normal to have such a brummie twang in Brum itself, and he was finding it near impossible to hide it. He was staring at someone who clearly thought, what the fuck is this brummie chav doing here? Smithy developed a complex and was thinking the same, before he stepped out the car, especially now as suspicious eyes look him up and down. What was he thinking? He wasn’t really, he was acting and thinking of nothing other than the riches of tomorrow-future spoils.
  ‘On the left-hand side, down the bottom of store. Need a hand?’ Said ‘Manager Ross, happy to help’ on his nametag. Smithy notices his expensive watch too, gleaming like the Range-Rover parked up and looks to be the owner of both.
  He probably knows exactly who is and eyes him suspiciously as Smithy walks away. He looks back and he points aggressively. He must’ve thought the same as Smithy, what the fuck are they playing at? At least come dressed the part. Smithy finds what he’s looking for soon enough, within a few handfuls of camouflage his tension eases.

*

  ‘Out the motor, get these on now.’ Said Smithy and he threw Justin the cloth in a role reversal of a few months back. Smithy checks his phone and it’s nearing the time. 
  ‘What ye get?’
  ‘A dickies hoodie, a shit cap and a pair of wellies, it’ll be enough for you, I’ll stay in the motor.’ Said Smithy, as Justin slides off his 110’s and feels the solid rubber of the wellies dig into his feet.’
  ‘I’ve never worn a pair of these before, fucking heavy, aren’t they?’ Said Justin wiggling his feet and scraping them off the gravel like child with a new toy.
  ‘Imagine wearing them all day.’
  ‘Nah, fuck that, I wouldn’t wear these for longer than an hour.’
  ‘Wear this cap too.’
  ‘Worried are ye? If we just sat here, bark at the fat bastard and drive off how quickly do you think he’d realise?’
  ‘Pretty fucking quickly if he remembers fuck all.’
  ‘We should abort man….. just bark and scream Dimitri bitches! Sounds better than making a fortune, we’re fucking chancers, aren’t we?’ Said Justin walking off, trying his new wellies and crunching under the gravel.
  For the first time in Smithy’s life he’s seen him set for work. He was though, wasn’t he? His own journey with closed doors everywhere, he made a path for himself anyway. 
  ‘We’re fucking chancers!’ Said Smithy stepping over the gravel, remembering the free boots from the agency rubbing from his last job. He had to fork out half his wages for a decent pair, so his skin remained unmolested. Still did not help and he always had a blister developing by Thursday morning. 
  ‘They’re here man, that’s the van I was told to look out for. What time you got?’ Said Justin, frozen in the gravel as if it was quicksand.
  ‘Just passed ten.’ Said Smithy, taking out his phone and feigning a text, he steps back into the car.
  ‘Clock…. fucking…. work.’ Said Justin taking a deep breath and jumping back into the motor too. 

  He wasn’t alone, the big bastard. The transit was three-seater and two men bred from the same petri dish were inside. They backed the van down the side, near a goods-in door. They disembarked and moved around as if they’ve been there a thousand times. The big bastard seemed to have recovered well and was chatting without and sign they’d shattered his jaw. 
  ‘I think we’ll need more than spray for these fellas.’ Said Justin.
  Smithy was looking to said fellas as they smoked cigarettes and chatted. They’re in a different class with their significant size and larger frames he thinks. They’re older by at least a decade.  Smithy couldn’t be sure with eastern Europeans though, could’ve been the same as them with a few years of steroid use, weathering the placidity of their features. Regardless of age, one pissed out their nut early morning is one thing, taking them down on their feet and ready is another story. 
  Their feet plant into gravel, crunching an imagined power from the disturbed stones. A tree blows nearby, mirroring their fragility to winds of change. 
  ‘This is a different level Justin, do you want to do this?’ Said Smithy, talking to himself as a living sculptured face turns currency, mesmerized by the Range-Rover sport with all the trimmings. He was thinking the same, there’s no other way to make a living. 
  ‘I’m on it, just sit there and look busy.’ He said snapping out of his little trance and fingering the tracking device in his pocket. 
  The second the trio go inside out of sight, Justin’s out the car without warning and nonchalantly walking away like his heart isn’t beating through a parched throat. He wiped sweaty palms on his legs, the only sign he was human, confidently walking towards the van. Smithy watches until Justin disappears behind the van and the stacked plants either side.

*

  ‘Did you do it?’ Said Smithy standing behind the car and smoking a cigarette, unloading the contents of the boot as if he’s looking for something. 
  ‘Ye man, come on let’s go before they get out. What the fuck are you doing?’
  ‘Looking busy, I was too nervy sitting in the seat man, give us a hand to load it all back in.’ Said Smithy with a tyre in his hand and an empty bag.
  ‘I thought you had a half a brain man, I want to be gone before they get out, I seen them carrying fucking bags, hurry the fuck up I’m driving.’ Said Justin nervously. 
  ‘What’s that?’ Said Smithy looking up at the glare of a video camera. It was watching from the side, surveying the whole garden centre, including the car park. 
  ‘Don’t worry about that, said he’d sort it, get in the car.’ 

*

  ‘What now?’ Said Smithy, feeling a full breakfast rise from the pit of his stomach as he jumps in the car. 
  Every cell called to him, reminding him his heart is there and ticking away. It pumped to places he’d never experienced before, from the tips of his toes to the end of his nose. 
  ‘We’re done mate, I need a fucking smoke.’ Said Justin stepping out the driver’s side with the joint in hand.
  ‘Suppose I’m driving then?’
  ‘I feel sick and need this, been saving it for hours.’ 
  ‘Get it quick, you’re not the only one.’ Said Smithy sliding over to the drivers and turning over the engine. 
  They could almost feel each other’s hearts bouncing of the seat. Smithy felt for the clutch, struggling to apply the correct pressure throughout his shaking, like he was sitting his first test all over again. He nearly stalled more than once.  
  ‘Debrief over a Spoon’s pint?’ Said Smithy as he pulls away from the garden centre onto the country road. The excitement rose like buds being flushed. He finally managed to throw the shaky foot and began moving through the gears and a debilitating adrenaline. He couldn’t imagine what Justin was feeling as he looks over, changing a lighter shade as he sucked deeply on the joint.
  ‘Oh ye, get on the full meat platter too.’ Said Justin slapping the front dash like the job is already over and he’s weighing a haul. 
  Back to 0121. 


7

 
Five days later.
 ‘Smithy, I’m a fucking genius.’ Said Justin, phone out for the world to see on Smithy’s doorstep, waving it for spice head next door, spaced out in the front garden and looks to have shit himself. 
  ‘Pushing it there, come on in, what you got?’
  ‘Need WIFI for this fucking I-Pad, got it off the Mule for a tenner last week, got to love the crack heads in Brum man, got some light fingers.’ Said Justin stepping through with a spliff in his mouth. 
  ‘Check the router in the living room and then take that outside, Mom’s back in an hour or so.’
  ‘I’ll dip before she gets back man, fucking hates me I swear.’
  ‘Ye, she thinks you’re a bad influence, funny that, isn’t it?’ 
  ‘What she doesn’t….women and their drinking habits judging me, just like my piss-head for an dear.’ 
  ‘I’m not a therapist man so get to it.’
  ‘They went straight there man, look.’ Said Justin, showing his I-Pad and a part of England neither of them recognise. 
  ‘Where’s there?’ Said Smithy as a red avatar stays stationary. A line crisscrosses from Wales. It looked as if it was moving in a random pattern and eventually settling into one spot. It circled more than ten times before it did. 
  Smithy looked at the routes taken, and how they were smart, double backing on themselves and circling around their dead-end destination many times, suggesting they might not be dealing with just a piss-head now. 
  Was Justin breaking the rounders bat off him the wake-up call the big bastard needed to get sober? Would they check for a tracker? 
  ‘Just outside of Warwick, between Stone and Stoke-on-Trent.’ Said Justin.
  ‘Far enough away to be a nuisance, needs some planning. Fucking dead-end too.’
  ‘Close enough to be there and back in an afternoon.’
  ‘Fuck am I going anywhere near that place during the day, it’s a dead fucking end.’
  ‘Oh, so it is man, shit.’ Said Justin scratching his head.
  ‘We can see most of the place from the maps, we’ll have to deal with it.’ Said Smithy zooming in on the buildings and the gates. Smithy tried zooming closer, messing with the angles while Justin finished his joint outside until it became too blurry.
  Once they had the address, it wasn’t necessary for them to start sitting outside and taking pictures. Smithy began to know the place from the comfort of his living room within seconds because of Google. 
  It was a warehouse with two out-buildings from the screen. It wasn’t like they could rock up on a regular basis and poke their heads through the window, considering the empty space around it, two chavs landing the deserted road is bound to have the hounds alerted. They needed a plan, something more than walking through off plan and winging little bats at a dog’s head. 
  ‘I’ve got it, the knowledge of a criminal genius was there all along. Tell me I’m the man and I’ll share my expertise with you.’
  ‘I’m not saying that, go fuck yourself.’ 
  ‘I’ve got you this far and helped you buy that new motor and you can’t even give me some credit?’
  ‘Just spit it out man, you’re boring.’ 
  ‘Fancy flying a drone?’ Said Justin smiling like the first time he asked Smithy to get involved. A lifetime ago now. He smiled like Smithy still had the peasant wagon pass hanging around his neck. 
  ‘Of-course I haven’t.’
  ‘I asked do you wanna fly one, thought you were the smart one?’
  ‘You’re the man alright, I follow ya now…how much are they?’ Said Smithy excitedly, seeing possibilities in turbines and little cameras.
  ‘Cheap enough man, I’ll order one now. Do you know they use these little bastards to fly drugs into the prisons, going straight over the walls and to the window?’ He said, turning a page on his I-Pad and revealing a receipt addressed to Smithy’s house after a few silent minutes.  
  ‘Not to my house, how do I explain that to me mom?’ Said Smithy as a new flat-screen TV sits on the floor, still in the box. He’s had a lot to explain recently and Justin just points to the box.
  ‘I live in a block of flats where mans’ get stabbed for their trainers outside, no courier is coming near mine, I can’t even get a pizza delivered.’ 
  ‘You’re taking the…not even a pizza you poor bastard.’
  ‘Some people have real problems man. Just chill the fuck out, it’s in my name and it’s not like it’s illegal, stick it in the shed out back and I’ll come pick it up as soon as it comes.’
  ‘Still, it’s not on. I don’t remember discussing a plan, just going and buying it and we haven’t got anything on yet. Telling me to chill, joker.’
  ‘Oh, it’s on…we’re fucking getting it on alright.’ Said Justin turning another page and showing Smithy a thermal imaging camera from a spy store based in London.
  ‘You fucking retarded? If that lands at this door…you’re getting smashed in.’
  ‘You need to chill and listen before talking out your arse for second, I’m thinking many, many fucking steps ahead of you. Let the mind-bending genius work and you play the fuck along when you’re ready.’ 
  ‘Got some cheek you have…. talk.’ Said Smithy pacing the room and on his new carpet.
  ‘I’m heading down to pick it up the camera tomorrow as they take like fourteen days to deliver, fuck that…… we’ll start planning after we sort out how to use the damn thing. It can’t be too difficult, can it?’
  ‘It’s easy on COD.’
  ‘Still play that shit do ya? Rather do a line of coke and bash a hole.’ 
  ‘You could always do both.’
  ‘You can operate the damn thing, you have the fingers for it.’
  ‘I don’t mind at all.’
  ‘Anyway, I’ll drop this camera off, and you learn to set it all up.’
  ‘What you going to do? While I’m fucking about learning how to fly this thing?’
  ‘What? Are you taking the piss?’
  ‘What you going to be doing?’
  ‘I’ll be sorting out everything else, not to mention paying for the fucking lot. I’ll talk to the Mule and get that crackhead to source a small van or an estate, better that, get him on both.’ 
  ‘We’re really doing this?’
  ‘I am, with or without ye Smithy.’ 

8
  One week later.
  ‘Dan?’ 
  It was the last thing he wanted to hear. Another question about where his money is coming from. He heard the door go and it’s probably another thing he’s bought off Ebay, it might be the drone for all he knows. It should be tomorrow. All he wants to do is enjoy his freedom. 
  ‘Dan? You up?’ 
  ‘Ye, what do you want Mom?’ Said Smithy over the sound of his new Call of Duty, he can’t pause as he’s live, so has hidden himself on a rooftop. He begrudgingly opens the door. He’d got a carpenter round to fit a deadlock and a new door. It was worth the investment when he looks back at his new gear.
  ‘What do you mean what I want? You’ve got another fucking delivery, I thought it was for me.’  Said his Mom, handing over a box that’s been teared at the edges. She peers over into his room and sees a wardrobe open full of clothes and boxes of trainers.
  ‘Of-course you didn’t know, stay out my stuff.’ 
  ‘You haven’t worked for months and you’re getting all this? You going to tell me where your money is coming from now? You’re starting to take the fucking piss.’
  ‘None of your business and enjoy your new bathroom, I’m busy.’ Said Smithy taking the box and throwing it to his bed.
  ‘You better tell me you little shit.’ She said barging into his room and pushing Smithy out of the way. He doesn’t fight back and just steps aside and lets her in. She hasn’t seen inside since he got the new door fitted.
  ‘What you want? Money?’ Said Smithy as her eyes dart over his room as if she’s trying to find his hiding spot. The best hundred pound he ever spent getting a new solid door and a deadlock fitted his thinks. She’d sell the lot from the look in her eye given half a chance.
  ‘Ye, you need to start paying fucking rent.’
  ‘I’ve just paid for the bathroom and I give you fifty a week, you taking the piss?’
  ‘I want more you little dealer, you’re working with that shitbag Justin aren’t ye?’
  ‘I’ll move out tonight and you’ll get fuck all, how about that?’
  ‘You what?’
  ‘You heard, I didn’t fucking stutter. Now get the fuck out of my room or I’ll pack my shit.’ Said Smithy and he didn’t even give a fuck then, he knew the power he had and didn’t care about using it. He could easily pack his bags and move into the venue; it has his name on after all.
  ‘Oh, I’m sorry it’s just I haven’t got enough to cover the TV license.’ She said pacing back, wilting like the plant downstairs.
  ‘Why don’t you just say that? Always drama.’
  ‘It’s two hundred.’ She said, pacing down the hallway and then he felt for her. She was scared he was going to go. Not just for the money, she was scared he was going to prison too. He could see that with just the tear in her eye forming. 
  ‘I haven’t got any money here.’ Said Smithy looking around his room as if one of those shoeboxes were not stacked with notes.
  ‘Alright, could you help out?’
  ‘Ye, you only have to ask man, don’t have to be ruining my fucking game and getting in my face.’ Said Smithy looking at the screen and he’s now dead.
  ‘Can I have it now?’
  ‘I’ll bring it back tomorrow and leave it in the bread-bin.’
  ‘Ok, thanks Dan.’ She said walking away and huffing deeply down the stairs. 
  The bathroom didn’t stop the drinking, just the crying which was worse and the two thousand he spent getting it done was another worthy investment. He knew when she walked away without a fuss, he’d have to keep sending money her way to keep her happy. Not just to keep her mouth shut. She might end up stopping the drinking altogether if he lifted a load. He looks around the room and all his shit, and thinks what a selfish bastard he’s been. The bathroom was more for him than her. She had holes in her trousers and the same shoes since he was still at school. He had to give her more. He looks to the drone, turns off the Playstation and starts counting out some notes. He counts to two hundred and then doubles it. It barely made a dent.  
  ‘How the fuck does this work?’ Said Smithy opening his new delivery. He seen the tear and he doubted his Mom had a clue of the intent of it. The thermal camera was already here, Justin picked it up from a spy shop down in London and posted it the same day. 

*

  ‘Fucking answer you little coke-head bastard!’ Said Smithy throwing his burner phone to the floor. It sinks into the grass and he doesn’t give a shit. He’s got plenty more. Justin insisted they only talk on them now. Doesn’t even answer off his normal number anymore as he leaves his at home. ‘Six on the go for business and one for pleasure at home, save the pigs getting at the dick pics’ was his exact words. He’s seen them all, he wasn’t joking. 
  Smithy didn’t mind. Justin was always hustling even with the crop on the go. Never stopping, always moving somewhere, picking something up or dropping. Smithy didn’t know how he kept it up, then he remembered the lines of powder he’s been Henry Hoovering at any chance. He must be paying a debt; he can feel it in his restlessness. 
  Smithy didn’t mind really, he’s had enough of the barking after the line and the downer when he’s waiting for one. He looks around and he’s all alone. Only an hour outside Brum and it’s like another country. The air even smells better, save the cow shit. A distant tractor ploughs a field far across the rolling hills. He’d love to live here he thinks. No one is getting thrown out a flat around here, there isn’t any to start with. No grot to stab, blades been left at home, he knew he wouldn’t need it. 
  He takes out the drone from his boot and fingers the controls in his hands. He tried it briefly in his garden and it was easy. All those years playing COD was paying off. He had the natural dexterity to start moving the thing within minutes, like he’s had thousands of hours of practice. He aims to the tractor and decides to take a closer look. The drone lifts high into the air, the camera pointing down and shown on his controller, and he’s off. 
  He looks back at his new Audi on the road, the sunlight reflecting off his fresh clean and he has no regrets. Onwards and upwards he thinks, onwards and upwards in the only way he can.


9

 One week later.
  ‘I am, with or without ye Smithy…. Do you remember saying that, Justin?’
  ‘I’m sorry mate.’ Said Justin, sniffing and blowing into a tissue. His face is starting to develop sores akin to the Mule. He must’ve thrown his body on the scrapheap for the week and his body is saying no more. 
  ‘Anymore of that shit man and I’m out and you’re on your own, understand?’
  ‘Ye, I get ye man. I can’t quit though, not yet. I need it to function.’ Said Justin, opening a small bag of cocaine and inserting a key. 
  ‘You taking me for a mug? I’m driving back.’ Said Smithy pulling over into a service station, cutting up a white van behind and nearly front ending the barrier.
  ‘Don’t kill us both on my account, fuck me.’ Said Justin, rubbing his gums.
  ‘I’ve spent the last week learning how to fly that fucking drone, operating the camera you dropped through my damn letter box and not a word out of you. No calls answered, not a fucking whistle in my direction.’ 
  ‘I said I’m fucking sorry, got a bit of a thing going for this coke, I’ve been trying to quit but got my hand on some ninety percent pure and I couldn’t really think for the week.’
  ‘We’re going to have to leave it, until you sort yourself out anyway. I can’t do this all alone. Said Smithy pulling into the carpark smelling the McDonalds from nearly a hundred metre’s away. It looks like it’s going to rain and all he wants to do is get out this car and be away from the liability sitting next to him and stuff his face. 
  ‘I have to go in man, I need the money.’ Said Justin, teary and it wasn’t because of the coke.
  ‘Need? You fucking cunt.’
  ‘I got a quarter of this on tick man….. I didn’t mean to smash it all. I had a few birds back to this hotel and it went man, really quickly. I think they robbed me. I owe a lot of money to some nasty bastards. Proper savages man, I’ve fucked up.’ Said Justin and he breaks down, crying into already wet hands.
  ‘You’re off your head man, this is over.’ Putting his own to his face. 
  ‘I can’t man, I need the money.’ Said Justin crying into his hands. Smithy has never seen him break down like this and he knew it was serious. 
  ‘Can’t you wait for the crop?’
  ‘Nah, he wants his cash. I said I’ll have the money in three days, and it’s been a week. He put this in my mouth yesterday.’ Said Justin, opening his jacket and taking out a black cloth with the distinctive shape of a pistol from his Prada man bag. Smithy’s drawn closer as if he recognizes it. It’s very similar to his own he thinks. 
  ‘Fucking hell put that away, someone might see you, stupid fuck, there’s cameras everywhere.’ Said Smithy taking it out his shaky hands and throwing it under the seat. The weight was felt in those brief seconds. The contours and the distinctive barrel fitting his fingers. Smithy can’t remember the last time he held his one, gathering dust under his floorboards by now. He decided to keep it to himself, at least a little longer, Justin doesn’t need to know he’s got another one. He might start getting dangerous ideas.
  ‘He just gave it ye?’
  ‘Ye man, said do whatever you need to do, just get me my fucking money or I’ll blow your fucking knees off.’
  ‘Not without his he won’t.’
  ‘Oh, he had a shotty man and so did three of his boys. And he said it’s got three bullets only, said if I try anything…… he’d kill you and me.’
  ‘What the fuck has this got to do with me?’
  ‘You’re on the debt, I said we’re taking it on together.’ Said Justin and Smithy reaches over and grabs him around the throat.
  ‘This isn’t some lock-stock and two smoking barrels cunt, I don’t take on your debt.’ Said Smithy, screaming until Justin opens the door and falls out onto the gravel. 
  ‘Get back in this car now.’ Said Smithy as Justin picks himself up and wipes away his tears. A family exiting a Land-Rover look on disgusted. 
  ‘I’m sorry man, I really am. I fucking hate this shit man, I’ve always struggled to stop, now I’m flush I’ve just taken it to another level…. I need your help mate, help me.’ Said Justin sniffing, pleading with his hands, praying to the street God he said did not exist. Smithy is his savior now, even if he doesn’t want to be. 
  ‘No promises, we’ll check this place out and see how it can be done. I’m not getting killed on this job for you, I’ll pack up and move to Australia before I let some prick stick a gun in my mouth.’
  ‘Australia? Since when could move there, you an idiot?’
  ‘Working holiday, paid for my visa last week, I only have to get a flight and I’ve got two years out of this shit.’ Said Smithy pointing to the rain lashing down the window screen. 
  He kept it to himself. He had a few drinks and got talking to a girl in a club, she just come back and all she did was talk out her arse about it. He got home and tried himself, two days later he had a visa he didn’t really want, at least not then. Now though, he can pack a bag and leave Justin to his mess. 
  ‘That easy?’
  ‘Ye man, don’t think I’m sticking around to get shot man. I love you though, I’ll see if I can help you out, but I can’t promise shit, I can make plans of my own mate.’
  ‘Let’s just got now man. Go the airport and get a flight?’ Said Justin excitedly.
  ‘You won’t get in, you’ve got a criminal record, try Spain.’ Said Smithy, looking away from Justin as he looks down despondently. 
  ‘Well fucking earned man…. long as your fucking arm. I don’t know how you managed to stay straight. I lost my shit with my mom’s boozing when I was twelve. How did you do it?’
  ‘I always asked myself that, then the recession and I stopped giving a fuck. Come on man, let’s find a spot before it gets too dark, this place isn’t going to watch itself.’ 
  ‘Thanks mate.’
  ‘Who are these coke dealers?’
  ‘Some players man, proper naughty fuckers linked to travelers down Eversham, or somewhere around there.’
  ‘I was going to ask if they know the big bastard, fucking travelers, you must be off you fucking head.’
  ‘Nah, they don’t know that fat fucker. Their connect is the travelers, not working with them but they sure act like it.’
  ‘Are you sure?’
  ‘Ye man, those travelers work on their own for secrecy, they don’t trust anyone.’
  ‘Let’s go before the police come and check out why two chavs are doing arguing in a stolen car and find that shooter. Why did you bring it? You think the cows are going to give us drama? What a prat.’
  ‘Nah man, I’m fucking terrified.’
  ‘You’re an idiot, the Mule is more use than you getting this motor.’ Said Smithy starting the engine and pulling away. 
  ‘He’s good isn’t he, the crazy Mule.’ Said Justin slapping his dash.
  ‘He delivers, I give you that. The only thing he got wrong was the colour.’
  ‘What did you ask for?’
  ‘I asked for blue and he got this.’
  ‘He’s colour blind, he sees blue as black!’
  ‘And food as crack?’
  ‘I’ll miss you when you go.’
  ‘I haven’t gone yet, let’s get the fuck out of here.’  Said Smithy moving through the gears and pulling back onto the motorway.
  ‘Ye, looking forward to seeing this drone in the air.’
  ‘I’m dropping you off in Stone, get a train back to Brum…. I’m going alone.’
  ‘Are you fuck, not a chance, I’m coming.’
  ‘You get out at Stone or I do, I wanna go alone and not deal with your fucking addict shit, do you understand me?’
  ‘You serious? Thought we were in this together, you can’t go alone.’
  ‘I’ve been fucking with this drone for a week. The camera records, you don’t need to be there. I know how to use the controls and would prefer no sniffing distractions. This is a lot to take man, you’re going back home for a meal and shower, you look like shit.’
  ‘Where’s Stone?’
  ‘It isn’t far from the place, so isn’t out the way, we good?’
  ‘I haven’t been on a train in years, you know?’
  ‘You better use the gear before you get on the train, there’s always sniffer dogs at New Street.’
  ‘Down to my last gram, should keep going until I land back.’
  ‘It’s a direct to London Huston, so don’t sleep.’
  ‘Not with this shit man, not with this shit.’ 



10


  ‘Hey fella, what you up to?’ And Smithy didn’t know where the voice was coming from. He looks around and he doesn’t see anything. He’s only just stepped out his car and opened the boot. He pulled into a small lane and he was sure there was no one about. 
  ‘Here young fella, over the bush.’ He said again jovially.
  ‘Hey man, just playing with my drone.’ Said Smithy peering over the bush to a farmer on the other side. He steps over some rocks and comes closer with his drone in hand. 
  He didn’t think much of the farmer, or at least what he assumed from the flat cap and a working dog by his side.
  ‘Oh….okay, try not to crash the damn thing or go near my house, you hear?’ He said in a different tone. He points to a hill, Smithy didn’t see the house.
  ‘I’m an expert and just want to take some pictures of the sunset, you know without tramping over your land.’
  ‘It’s not all my land, I wish it were I would fence the lot off.’ He said walking away and without a goodbye he disappeared behind the bush.
  Smithy follows the line of the bush, still with his hand on the drone. Miserable bastard he thinks, thought he’d be jumping for joy having all this space to himself. Peering around the corner, over a wooden fence that needs a bit of TLC he sees him following a well-trodden path, his working-dog close behind. 
  ‘Not always green on the other-side then, you miserable bastard.’ Smithy said out loud. The farmer turns and Smithy hides behind the bush. Good ears for an old bastard thinks Smithy as he dips away.
  The old farmer was forgotten as soon as he got back to his car. The drone is placed on the ground and he turns the power on. He made sure to charge the thing fully, he only had thirty minutes of run time. Got to be enough.

  He wanted to wait until dark, however he couldn’t quite get his bearings while in his garden when it was dark with light pollution and he knew the place like the back of his hand. He sends the drone up just before six, enough time to get it back before the sun really sets, he thinks. 
  Smithy grabs the controls and looks to the screen, the camera showing nothing but the green grass in close-up. He remembers the sequence between his fingers like a game of COD. It’s almost the same and he has no nerves about what he’s doing. He’s been playing around with it for nearly a week now and he’s taken to it easily. 
  He pauses for second and thinks about Justin. That cokehead fucked him. He should’ve known it wasn’t going to be as simple as growing a few plants, being his own farmer on the concrete estate with such a liability. He ponders the visa he has in his email. He has twelve months to use it. He didn’t even consider ditching his long-time friend and sends the drone into the sky. Onwards and upwards but not in the same way. 

  There were two settings on the camera. One for normal and the other was for the thermal imaging. He clicked through with a flick of a button, ascending higher into the sky and he couldn’t quite believe his eyes at the scenery and the little flashes of heat the camera was picking up on. You get what you pay for, and Justin didn’t skimp on the equipment.
  He picked a spot only a kilometer away from the crop site. His choose the spot as the most likely place he wouldn’t be spotted or disturbed after spending half a day going through Google maps and zooming in and out on the best vantage point.  He didn’t expect a farmer to be out on an evening stroll, nor did he see the path he was using. It didn’t matter, he was exactly where he needed to be and as he got closer to the site everything was clear. 

  There was a lot of activity at the crop site. He hovered the drone in position above a tree and just waited. Nearly twenty minutes passed and from his little screen he wasn’t sure what was going on. Two vans were sitting there stationary and their engines were still red on his camera. The tires were even glowing orange against the black ground. Eight men were standing around, some carrying shotguns. Fuck this thought Smithy, he’s getting on a plane to Australia. He didn’t turn the drone around though, things started to get more interesting.
  ‘Fucking hell.’ Said Smithy as the back of the vans open up. Must’ve been twenty lads, all skinny looking guys, probably from the manor like Justin described on his own little adventure. They were just in their boxer shorts and blindfolded. 
  ‘Justin, you sneaky fucking savage.’ Said Smithy as he looks around to see if anyone was watching him, watch them. There was no one around. Just one poacher from the concrete estate plying his trade in the rolling hills of the countryside. There was not an eye on him. It appeared not even one seen the drone either. Why would they? It was tiny and the wind around the trees was blowing louder.
  The warning light for power came on his controller, however he ignored and left the drone hovering above the tree. He couldn’t keep his eyes off the scene he was witnessing. Not only was the building glowing up like a Christmas tree, but all those lads were being taken inside. It looked like a rope was fixed to the doorway and they were being directed to follow it. Then, without any warning the drone just falls from the sky and the camera goes dead. It felt like he was only watching for a minute, he checks his watch and nearly forty minutes had passed. Time flies when you are having fun. 
  ‘Fuck.’ Said Smithy, he was a fair bit away and he did not believe anyone would’ve noticed. It was only small, however he was sure the thing was going to be damaged crashing through the trees. He sees the sun begin to set across the hills and decides to wait until dark. He needed the film on the drone as that’s where the SD card was stored, not to mention take a closer look at the crop site. 
  He takes his little lunch box he used to use for the day-job and tucks into a sandwich. Digs into his boot and changes into the wellies soon after he got down the gardeners shop in Wales and remembers the fit fondly, walking through the puddles like an excited toddler. Fuck Justin and his problems, I want this place anyway he thinks. He trudges off through the well-trodden path with a monocular in his hand. He’s a bird watcher now, even had little book he picked up from WHSmith.  




11


  
  ‘Alright man, what you want?’ Said Justin sniffling down the phone. 
  ‘Put the powder away, you sound like shit. I’ve got something for ye, where’s your I-Pad?’
  ‘You on about the drone? What fucking time is it man?’
  ‘Late enough, you need to get over here as soon as you can.’
  ‘I thought you bombed me off.’
  ‘I stayed out there man, sat in a bush for a night, you need to get your cokehead arse over to my house today and tell your Mule to get a van soon as.’
  ‘You serious mate, what did you see?’
  ‘Enough, I can’t get hold of that colour-blind crackhead, so get hold of him and sort it and then come over.’
  ‘I spoke to him yesterday, said he had a van lined up but might be going back into prison for a little stint, ya know, anal delivery service for my cousin.’ 
  ‘Get hold of him, or we could just rent if we get desperate.’
  ‘Those fuckers have trackers, not smart. The Mule smokes up his dragon in the flat downstairs sometimes, I’ll dodge the needles and see if he’s about. What time? And what the fuck did you see?’
  ‘Not over the phone, get over here at about seven, the mothers on nights again. Keep off the blow, I haven’t got the head for your gurning jaw.’
  ‘I think you’ve got me excited enough, see yah later.’ 

*


  ‘It makes no sense, no way man.’ Said Justin ignoring the fresh brew as his own thoughts stir as murky. 
  ‘It makes perfect sense when you think of the size of the place, they’re not going to have a massive crop all set on the same week, that’s madness for organizing. It’s hard enough for our thirty.’
  ‘So, they must have a rotation on the go?’
  ‘That’s the only explanation for this movement.’ Said Smithy watching the I-Pad.
  ‘So, man, let me get this clear. The same night you turn up a load of lads turn up in two transits, the second you put the drone in the air….. piling out the back with hoods over their faces…. go into one of the buildings for six hours and fuck off in the morning the same way they come?’
  ‘Ye, as you can see, I hovered for a while and the thermal picked up the heat from that warehouse.’
  ‘It’s glowing like a fucking light-bulb.’ Said Justin as the drone hovers over the warehouse and the orange glow highlighted against the cold grass surrounding.
  ‘When did you see the lads?’ Said Justin as the video ends and their short feed with the crashing off the drone.
  ‘I seen them pile out on the drone so brought it back and went close on foot, it’s easy to get there by foot, problem is being seen on an approach with a van.’
  ‘Are you sure it’s safe, no cameras?’
  ‘I couldn’t say mate it was late and dark as fuck, I seen them come out though, all hooded and loaded into a transit. They were chopping down man, it’ll be waiting for us.’
  ‘Woah, sounds like we’re on then. You sat there all night?’
  ‘I wasn’t snorting coke or crying about my debts.’
  ‘Funny bastard…. funny bastard aren’t ye?’ Said Justin, smiling awkwardly. 
  ‘Did your contact say what they’d picked up from the garden centre?’
  ‘Shit tin of tomato feed and some specialist bat guano…. I’ve done research on bat shit and it’s what professionals use, you know, the ones at it a while swear by it. I need to do some research on the quantities and when to put it in though, easily fucked up.’
  ‘Research?’
  ‘Some online forum from Canada, I want to be fucking growing the best shit going. Anyway, I’ll send you the link.’ Said Justin scrolling through his phone.
  ‘I don’t give a toss about that, listen to me.’ Said Smithy pacing the room.
  ‘What?’
  ‘I’m thinking.’ Said Smithy and it’s not what he wanted to do. He didn’t want to think, he just wanted to act. The problem now he’s comfortable, with money in his pocket and a steady stream on the way. It’s a risk, a massive risk. Now he has things to lose. He has a plan, one or maybe two crops total and he’ll book his flight to Australia and a well-earned break, or scrap that entirely and do a summer or two in Ibiza and end up like Justin. Fuck it, he needs a break from reality he thinks.
  ‘How many lads were there?’
  ‘About a dozen, maybe fifteen.’ Said Smithy and he didn’t want to hear it, because it fermented all the toxic mixtures of not giving a shit. Six hours for a dozen lads, probably more experience that him with the snips.
  ‘They’d spent six hours cutting it down, haven’t they?’
  ‘Dozen guys and six hours they were cutting something down, or on some weird fucking orgy.’
  ‘Fucking hell, they’d be drying it out for us as we speak.’
  ‘Fucking hell, fucking hell we’re going in, aren’t we?’ Said Smithy standing face to face with Justin.
  ‘Be rude not to, I spoke to the Mule and he’s picking up the van now.’
  ‘What is it?’
  ‘Fuck knows, I’ll call him later.’
  ‘It’s like a Christmas tree isn’t it?’ Said Smithy holding the I-Pad, the glowing screen to the two lads, is like a moth to flame.

  ‘I have to say Smithy…… that thermal camera is the bollocks.’ 
  ‘It’s got us by the bollocks.’ 
  ‘How many do you think are going to be there? You know, watching the crop?’
  ‘That’s the best thing, it looked like they all left.’
  ‘It must work on its own automatically then, that house nearby looks deserted, not even a light. They wouldn’t leave a top man there with a shooter, it’ll be too risky man.’
  ‘Trust, none of them would want a sentence or be linked to it. It’s got us by the bollocks! We’re going in man, soon as possible.’ Said Smithy running around the room with his hands down his tracksuit bottoms grabbing his dick. 
  ‘When we going?’ 
  ‘Tonight, fuck it.’


12

  
  ‘Do you think it’s a good idea bringing this tool along?’
  ‘We can’t do everything, we need at least two of us to get close and sort anyone out, he can come up with the van once we’re sorted, it’s a time thing man. He’d be driving and be a decent look-out.’
  ‘Can I shoot up now, or shall I wait until after? I’ll be good for a few hours, just needs planning out.’ Said the Mule, smoking a spliff and gurning off something.
  ‘One second, are you fucking joking Justin?’
  ‘We can’t do it alone man, he’s going to have to do. You drive there, just get him to wait on the main road and to come through when we call. He’d be used for ten minutes, once we’re done with him, we’ll just drop the fucker in the back and be done. I don’t know anyone else I could trust.’
  ‘How could you trust that?’ Said Smithy as the Mule darts his eyes left and right as if seeing something that isn’t there, snapping with his blackened fingers in the air trying to swat a fly. 
  ‘He looks like shit but he’s not a snitch and knows his place.’ 
  ‘What, in the order of the underworld?’
  ‘Sort of Smithy, only cares about a fix, just load him up and fuck him off when we’re finished. He’ll be in the nick next week, spoke to my cousin and he needs his services like I said.’
  ‘We should’ve planned this out better, you should’ve been around.’
  ‘Should’ve this, should’ve that…. If you want, we can just fuck off now and take our chances with those crazy fuckers.’
  ‘And have your knees blown off? Don’t bluff me, if I walked off now, you’d beg me to come back. I’ve got money and visa kid, I’ll fuck off. We’re going tonight, we’re here, keep hold of this… it’s your shit.’ Said Smithy handing over the gun to Justin. 
  ‘I forgot about this.’ Said Justin, turning over the gun in his hand. It was heavy, with a long barrel like something from the magnificent seven.
  ‘How would you forget? Fucking imbecile. Anyway, I’ve done some research on this thing, it’s about a hundred years old.’ 
  ‘Looks it, why would he give me it if it’s a hundred years old? Does it even work?’ Said Justin, nervously folding the black cloth over it and putting it on the passenger seat. 
  ‘Is that a gun? You boys don’t fuck about do ya?’ Said the Mule leaning over, hands out like a toddler.
  ‘It’s useless thing, it’s about a hundred years old.’ Said Justin, handing the pistol over to the Mule.
  ‘It’s one of them is it?’
  ‘One of them?’ Said Smithy, watching the Mule look closely at all the features and then opens the wheel, revealing the three bullets inside.
  ‘It’s an antique, gun dealers pick these up in America, or Russia and bring them over legally, don’t even need a license man, pukka loop-hole.’
  ‘Take the piss? How can that be bought legally?’
  ‘Take the bullets out, it’s legal. It’s an obsolete caliber, so you can’t fire the bullets, ya know, can’t fire anything with it.’
  ‘There’s fucking bullets in it, what you talking about?’
  ‘They’re homemade, some cheeky bastard with the right equipment made it to fit, it’s common as man, everyone is on this legal shit, loads of shooters on the circuits. First time I’ve seen one for real though.’ Said the Mule, pointing the pistol to the bushes.
  ‘Get in the back, we’re off in a minute.’ Said Justin sternly, snapping it away from his hands.
  ‘I wanna play with it…. haven’t handled a real gun before.’
  ‘There’s a reason for that……get in the back now, or you’ll get it off your nut, pointing it around like that, get us nicked.’ Said Smithy looking around and there isn’t a prying eye, not even a snooping farmer.
  ‘Okay boys…. don’t shoot me gangsters. Middle of fucking nowhere, can’t even pop a shot off.’ Said the Mule sarcastically.  
  ‘Get your skinny arse in the back we’re moving now.’ Said Justin jumping in the driver’s seat and once everyone is set, he puts his put down and takes off to the crop site as darkness falls around them.

*

  ‘Wake up Mule, you’ll be driving soon.’ Said Justin looking at the bag on bones splayed out in a heap. 
  ‘Nightmare this fella.’
  ‘Stop barking, if we got someone else on it would’ve cost us a third of the damn score man.’
  ‘We’ve already got one liability, he’s just another.’
  ‘We wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for me, remember that.’
  ‘Exactly! No, we fucking wouldn’t be.’
  ‘Oh, here we go, need another line man you’re depressing the hell out of me.’
  ‘Wait until we pull over, it’s the next left and about five minutes down.’
  ‘You been down here ye?’
  ‘I used this way on foot in the morning, it’s the only route to the place.’ Said Smithy as Justin turns left and follows a small gravel road with heavy potholes and bushes overgrowing and scraping the side.
  ‘It’s a tight fit.’
  ‘I think it’s meant to be man, save people coming down here.’ Said Smithy looking out the window. He feels his man bag under his jacket and wonders if he should mention what he’s got there. The weight hangs like a noose around his neck, however he doesn’t regret taking it with him. 
  ‘Ye, these fellas have gone proper off grid with this.’ Said Justin as he bumps over puddles and little ditches, sometimes needing to drop into first gear and crawl out as his tires start to spin.
  ‘There’s a tree on the right-hand side, you see it?’
  ‘Ye man, park up on the left-hand side….. there’s small clearing for the van.’
  ‘Fair play man, you’ve mapped this out well.’ Said Justin pulling up.

  ‘I don’t know what they keep in the back, but it stinks.’ Said the Mule, loading out the back of the van and stretching his legs.
  ‘Sure it’s not just your armpits?’ Said Justin, sharing a smirk with Smithy as they both load out and gear up.
  ‘What you trying to say?’.
  ‘Not trying to say anything. I’m saying it, you fucking stink like your namesake.’
  ‘What you talking about? I smell like a man.’ Said the Mule sniffing his pits and pulling away and wincing.’
  ‘You take too many drugs Mule, way too much and not enough showers.’
  ‘Not enough man, never enough. Rather take gear instead of having hot water, true story.’
  ‘I can smell that. Anyway, give us a shift with those bags, make yourself useful.’ Said Smithy and the Mule jumps in the back, rummaging around out of sight.
  ‘Who’s taking the gun?’ Said Smithy.
  ‘Leave it here man, stick it in the glove box, I’m not using it.’  Said Justin, tentatively handling the gun as if it’s ready to bolt an electric current through his fingers. 
  ‘You trust it around the Mule. He’s like a child man.’
  ‘Put it in the glovebox and just cover it up with the logbook, see?’ Said Justin, lifting the logbook and slotting the gun underneath while the Mule was busy in the back.
  ‘You guys just going to stand there? This fucking bag is heavy, full of tools man.’ Said the Mule, dragging the bag to the end of the van, ready to push it over.
  ‘Hold on man, I’ve got it.’ Said Smithy, lifting the bag and throwing it over his shoulder. Large bolt cutters and a sledge stick out at the top. 
  ‘Ready Smithy?’
  ‘Ye man, let’s go for it. As soon as we call ye, come on in, understand?’
  ‘No problem man, ready as.’
  ‘Here, keep yourself awake.’ Said Justin, throwing the Mule a small bag of cocaine.
  ‘What this, two grams? I need more than that to have a good time, jeez.’
  ‘You’ll be moving in less than thirty, be more later, much more if you play the game like a good boy.’
  ‘You can count on me lads, not a bother.’ 
  
  ‘Hey, you not taking the gun?’ Said Justin whispering into Smithy’s ear.
  ‘It’s alright man, don’t worry about it.’ Said Smithy opening up his jacket away from the Mules inquiring eye. The shrewd little fucker thinks Smithy as he hangs around the end of the van trying to hear. 
  ‘How the fuck you get that?’
  ‘We all know people.’ Said Smithy with a sly smile. The last thing he’s going to do is mention where he found it. 
  ‘Little snake you are, kept that quiet.’
  ‘Well, we’ve both kept secrets. I’ll keep it in my manbag, you never know.’ Said Smithy and he puts it back and zips everything back into position.
  ‘Alright, that makes me feel better, let’s go then, ready?’
  ‘Come one, I want to get paid.’
  ‘Don’t be long man I’m fucking dying here.’ Said the Mule as he picks at a sore on his hand and nervously looks around.
  ‘Don’t die just yet, we’re not walking back for this fucking van.’
  ‘You can count on me lads, not a bother.’
  ‘Wait for the call, don’t lose the phone.’ Said Justin walking off into the darkness.
  ‘You can count on me lads, not a bother, not a bother man, not drama I swear.’
  ‘Fucking record this cunt, come on I want to be back before the Chinese shuts.’ Said Smithy leading from the front and seeing nothing but pound notes bouncing around in the shadows.

  

13


  ‘There’s a door on the side, it looks wooden.’ Said Justin pointing towards the far end. Smithy didn’t notice it on the drone cam, nor did he see it from the vantage in the foliage. Painted the same dark green of the warehouse and completely hidden until they got close and could see the outline of the frame.
  ‘It looks quiet man, don’t think anyone’s here.’
  ‘Nah man, no one here, not even a light.’
  ‘Cut the lock off that gate and I’ll go and have a look around.’ Said Justin hopping over the gate, dodging puddles in the mud and heads towards the warehouse.
  ‘It’s not even on man, the chains not on.’ Said Smithy, bolt cutter in his hand. He looks to the lock, turning it over in his hand. They wouldn’t make a mistake, would they?
  Smithy tries to find a car, there’s nothing’s around, just an old Land-Rover on bricks, covered in brambles on a field nearby.
  ‘Nothing man, don’t worry.’ Said Justin, leaning up the wooden door and pushing on it with his shoulder.
  ‘I’m not sure man, this isn’t right you know, somethings wrong.’
  ‘They forgot the lock, bid deal. Get the sledge on this door will yah.’ Said Justin and before Smithy had the chance to reach around and pull it from the bag, he’s on his knees, with his hands on his head.  
  ‘Fuck.’ Said Smithy feeling the barrel pressed against the back of his neck. 

*

  ‘Ye boy, fuck. Both of you little scumbags take the balaclavas off, you don’t need them now and get on your knees while you still have them.’ Said the voice, without a tinge of fear. May have had something to do with the double-barreled shotgun now pointed at their stomachs.
  ‘Get your arse off my land, little fucking burglars are ye?’
  ‘Sorry man, just let us go, and we won’t come back.’
  ‘Get moving to the gate, don’t fucking stand cheeky scum, you can crawl like the bottom feeder you are, or fly and I’ll bury you in that field there. There’s a few bodies around here boys, believe me there’s room for more.’
  ‘Lay on your flat, what you got in these bags then?’ Said the man, rummaging through Justin’s bag and pulling out the contents.
  ‘Why you got all these bags for?’
  ‘Just to load up on anything we find.’ Said Smithy, looking to his left and feeling the fear of Justin through the ground as they crawl from where they came. It changed quickly. Smithy didn’t even have a chance to fall into shock and was just doing what he was told, seeing the two barrels, he didn’t need more of an incentive. Just stay alive, he would only need to be shot once.
  He feels the weight in his man bag and knows it’ll be no use. 
  ‘So, where’s the van? You must have a van. What you come for? Do you know what’s going on here you little scumbags?’
  ‘We don’t have one, we walked from Stone train station. No idea man, no clue.’ Said Justin, seeing the fear in Smithy’s eyes as he nods his head and mouths sssshhh. Don’t mention the fucking crop, don’t mention you know about the crop written in his teary eyes. 
  ‘What’s this? Why you got a pair of snips? You coming to do a bit of gardening?’
  ‘Do what? Nah man, that’s for the nettles and stuff.’ Said Justin with a voice croaking his deceit.
  ‘You lying fuckers, I can smell the weed on it. You’ve come for the crop, haven’t ye?’
  ‘The what?’
  ‘Don’t worry scumbags, my associates will get what they want out of you, they’re not far away, I’ll call and get the truth, shall I?’
  ‘Just let us go man, we won’t come back.’ Said Justin, pleading before being kicked into the ribs. He coughs, rolling in a puddle trying to catch his breath.
  ‘Any words out of you?’ Said the man, stepping on the back of Smithy’s knee until he’s screaming and filling the once silent night with demeaning screams. He’s tempted to pull his revolver out, however he knows he’d never get a chance before merging with the soil beneath him in a pool splattered organs and worms. 
  ‘No.’ Said Smithy, watching the man walk away and get his phone out, satisfied Smithy knows his place. He didn’t have long, perhaps he’d even get seen and take a kick like Justin and he’d discover the revolver. He had to warn the Mule, he had to take a chance.
  Smithy was on his knees, dutifully bowed with his hands behind his head. He takes his moment, reaches down and takes out the little burner from his pocket.
  ‘What you doing?’
  ‘Nothing mate, just had a fly on me.’ Said Smithy, lifting the phone to back of his head as he turns, suspiciously eyeing Smithy.
  ‘I’m not your mate, move again and I’ll fill you in like your scummy mate, understand?’
  ‘Ye man, don’t hurt us anymore.’
  ‘That’s not my decision, I’m only security for this place. I think the owners of this crop are going to want to know how you made it here, I suggest you have a good story, little boys.’ He said, putting the phone to his ear, talking silently.
  Smithy could hear him, the Mule talking down the other end without catching anything he’d been saying. He could just drive off, leave them to their fate. He wasn’t their mate, just a nitty who’d rob a granny for a tenner or burgle your house for the Christmas presents. He was good as gone, away into the system, ready to do his deliveries for free drugs and a bed for night, before Smithy would even start to rot, he thinks. A nobody, not a friend. 
  ‘They’ll be here in ten minutes, they can’t wait to meet you two, any last words for you parents? Do you have any? Of course not, bottom feeders like you were probably given up at birth. That’s it, isn’t it?’ He said, swinging the shotgun over his shoulder, lighting a cigarette and laughing.
  ‘I thought he said ten minutes, not two.’ Said the man, watching the road, the only one to the warehouse. A white van comes in slowly, the lights on and bobs up and down on the potholes.
  ‘They’ve come prepared for you boys, seems you’re being take away for a little drive.’ He said, laughing some more as he opens the gate and pushes them wide open. 
  ‘Fuck off you cunt, run Justin, run.’ Said Smithy, looking at the van he knew it was his time. It was either the Mule, or it was whoever was coming to take them away. A distraction, or a last leap of faith. He runs to the field and the abandoned Land-Rover, it isn’t far, ten seconds and he’d have some cover.
  ‘Stop you bastards!’ He said, firing a shot in the air. A gush of wind flies past and peppers the Land-Rover right in front of Smithy and he’s sure he’s took a hit to the back. 
  Smithy stops dead, thankful he isn’t flying into a human soup. The power nearly knocked him over. He pats himself down trying to find a hole in his tracksuit, nothing. He looks back, the barrel pointing straight to him. Justin’s gone, not a sighting. 
  ‘Looks as if your mate’s gone and left yah, bottom feeder like you.’ He said laughing, looking back at the approaching van and then to Smithy.
  Smithy looks to the van. He can’t see the driver as it stays stationary and he can’t be sure if it’s the Mule. It’s a generic transit, the same one the big bastard was in. He prays like at school, imagining he’s on the pew and they’ll be answered if he meant it. They both heard it, the awkward gear change, aggressive, followed by the spinning of the tires. The white van plods straight into the man, hitting him on a half turn and throwing him over the side and landing into the mud. 
  ‘Get in the van Smithy, I’ll deal with him.’ Said the Mule, stepping out, standing over the man. He cradles his shotgun, is about to aim until bang, bang, bang. 

*

  ‘What did you do?’ Said Smithy, shaking in the passenger seat. He looks around for Justin and he can’t be seen. He must’ve run into the woods, picking his legs up and disappearing.
  ‘I saved your bacon bruv, said you could count on me, here.’ Said the Mule, jumping into the drivers and throwing the revolver into Smithy’s lap. 
  ‘You sure did.’ Said Smithy looking back and the man just lays there motionless. The shotgun held firm but not moving. The Mule shot him three times in the head and the top half was missing.  
  ‘I didn’t think it would fire, the bullets are homemade ennit.’  Said Mule without any emotion as he puts it in hear and pulls away. 
  ‘What the fuck just happened? Where the fuck is Justin?’ Said Smithy motionless himself, just staring out of the window and the dead man.
  ‘You called and came with the van, I seen the fucker and ran him over. Done a few years for last guy I slammed into a bonnet, it’s how I got my habit doing ten years. Aaaaah I don’t want another long one man, fuck sake.’ Said the Mule and before he broke down, he just snapped out of it and carrying on driving as if nothing happened.

  ‘How did you find the gun?’ Said Smithy opening up the glovebox and seeing nothing inside.
  ‘It was in the glove box, it’s the first place I looked when I didn’t see one of you carrying it. I might be a twenty-year druggie btu I’m not stupid. It’s a common misconception about us addicts.’ Said the Mule, dipping his finger in the little baggie of cocaine and rubbing his gums.
  ‘Where’s Justin? Fucking hell we can’t leave him here they’d kill him.’
  ‘I seen him run down the road, we’ll get him. Fancy some?’
  ‘Nah mate, that shit has caused enough problems.’
  ‘This shit is the best gear I’ve ever had, I can’t even feel my face.’ He said slapping his cheeks violently and putting his foot down. Smithy hears the suspension creaking with each thud and is tempted to ask him to slow down and thought better of it. Get me the hell out of here he thinks. It’s going to be a matter of minutes before they’re cornered and running through a field.  
  ‘Do you know you killed a man?’
  ‘Did I?’ Said the Mule, laughing and turning with his black teeth and for the first time Smithy couldn’t turn away in disgust.
  ‘Let’s go, there’s more on the way. Move it man, if he’s about we’ll get him.’
  ‘More, fuck that there’s no more bullets left. You only had three, how weird is that?’
  ‘Ye mate, weird.’
  ‘So, no gear then?’ Said the Mule, reversing out the gate and onto the road.
  ‘I think it’s best we leave.’
  ‘I heard you’re leaving for Australia, when you going?’ Said the Mule as if blood wasn’t on his shoulder, or over his face. In the light of the van, his hands can be seen sprayed with bits of flesh.
  ‘In the morning at this rate.’
  ‘Woah so soon, and you’re doing a job like this, not very smart Smithy. Oh, here he is, I told yah.’ Said the Mule as Justin runs out into the road, clutching his stomach as if he’s got a stitch.
  ‘Alright Justin, Smithy’s going to Australia.’ He said, sniffing and dipping his finger in the gear again. 
  ‘If I was him, I would be too man.’ Said Justin, jumping in the van, groaning all the way until he shuts the door. Smithy moves closer to the Mule and rubs his shoulder, bits of whoever the man was transfers over.
  ‘I’m off tomorrow man, I’m gone.’
  ‘Help us burn this fucking van first, I’m loading my car and going to Ireland for a while.’
  ‘Ireland?’ 
  ‘Ye, got an uncle over there, from my Dad’s side. Said if I ever found myself in a life and death situation to go to Cork and find him.’  
  ‘You couldn’t have mentioned this yesterday? What a manipulative prick. What we going to do with him?’
  ‘He’s going to do a delivery next week, I’ll speak to my cousin.’ Said Justin at a whisper as the Mule is wired with wide eyes smashing into the potholes and every puddle like they’re not there. 
  ‘It’s some good shit man, got anymore?’ Said the Mule, turning with a big smile, showing those brown and blackened teeth. 
  ‘I’m going to give you a dick load to stick up your arse, get you off the streets for a while, what you think?’
  ‘Ye man, you can count on me lads, not a bother. Fucking hell man, you’re going to Australia? Bet you can’t wait.’ 
  ‘I’m already there, just keep on driving.’ Said Smithy tapping his head, sitting there silently after looking to his clothes covered mud. 
  ‘You can count on me lads, not a bother.’ Said the Mule.
  ‘Ye, thanks mate, that escalated quickly Smithy, I heard some shots.’
  ‘No shit, I’ll fill you in later.’ Said Smithy, as Justin just watches the Mules blood splattered hands and swallows. 
  ‘Where’s the gun?’
  ‘In the glove box.’
  ‘Shit.’ Said Justin opening up the cylinder and seeing empty shells.
  ‘We’re fucked.’
  ‘We’re alive man, just remember that and just stay fucking silent until we get home. I can’t think man, I’ve just watched a man’s head get shot off.’ 
  ‘There’s a river one the way, we should drop this twenty-five-year sentence off man, like now.’
  ‘You hear that Mule, fucking hell wish I had my phone so we could find the damn water.’
  ‘Don’t want your fucking location, you haven’t got it have ye?’
  ‘Did you not hear you dumb fuck!’ Said Smithy grabbing Justin around the throat covering his face with dirt to go with his swollen eye. 
  ‘You boys better calm the fuck down or you’ll get us all pinched.’ Said the Mule turning to face them. He wasn’t the nitty now, he was a completely different person and the cold stare shivered them both into silence. 
  ‘Ye man, we got ye.’ Said Justin pulling away as the Mule turns off the lane and puts his foot down. 
  ‘There’s lights behind, can you see them?’ Said Justin peering out the window and nearly taking a branch to the face.
  ‘I said calm down, I can see them….. but they can’t see me I’ve turned the lights off.’ Said the Mule and within another turn they were off into the night. Two scared boys and nitty with an itchy trigger finger, none of them were safe, not from each other and they all knew it in the silent drive back to Birmingham. 
  Smithy was happy he had the only gun with bullets. He wasn’t sure he could pull the trigger, especially after seeing brains splattered in the mud flashing back in his mind and his stomach begin to turn when he looks to the mud on his hands. 


14 


  ‘Alright lad, I’ll speak to you tomorrow alright? Smithy, you listening to me man?’ Said Justin as Smithy just stands outside his house and looks to the front door. He’s never been so thankful to see it. Always wanting to leave and all he wants now is to shut the door and forget what just happened. He knows it won’t be that easy though.
  ‘Oi, for fuck sake man.’ Said Justin pulling at his arm.
  ‘What?’
  ‘Bag your clothes and everything you’ve got on man, we need to start burning shit, understand?’
  ‘I know man, I can’t believe what just happened. We’re going to prison, you know that?’ Said Smithy looking around the street and expecting the police to turn up and take him away for the next twenty years.
  ‘Listen to me now, we didn’t shoot no one, he did.’  Said Justin looking back to the Mule. He just stares straight ahead and doesn’t even move his head. 
  ‘Joint venture man, and it was your gun.’
  ‘Fuck that, the guns at the bottom of a fast-flowing river, don’t worry about that.’
  ‘What about him?’
  ‘I’ve got plans for him, I’ll speak to my cousin and get him on a delivery and let him deal with it. Just clean yourself up and bag your shit.’ 
  ‘You burning the car?’
  ‘Nah, that’ll highlight us for sure, I’ll just put the original plates back on and leave it in Small Heath with the keys, let someone else take it for a ride.’
  ‘Fuck that, burn it.’
  ‘No man….look it’s safer to either get it chopped up or pass on to someone else. It’s a transit for fuck sake, change the plates and none the wiser, look at it, it’s fine.’
  ‘Clean the tires, get all that mud off first.’
  ‘I’m ahead of you, get out those clothes and bag them up, even your socks and boxers and get ready tomorrow, we’re going out to burn the fuckers.’
  ‘What about those fuckers you owe money to?’
  ‘That’s my problem man, just get inside and fucking sort yourself out, I’ll sort this end, alright?’ Said Justin.
  ‘Ye, I’ve got ye, I need a shower, I’ll phone you off a different number in an hour to see how it’s gone.’
  ‘Nah, I’ll meet you at the venue in the morning. You got the shooter?’
  ‘Ye, it’s still here.’ Said Smithy pointing to his chest.
  ‘Bring it tomorrow, alright?’
  ‘Ok man, see you tomorrow, you sure it’s going to be alright?’
  ‘Just sort yourself out, have a massive joint and relax…..I’ll speak to you at the venue, I’ll be staying there, bring your shit with you to burn, we’ll go from there.’
  ‘Ok, see ye.’ Said Smithy walking to his front door. He looks back and the van is already heading off down the street. He opens his door can’t quite step through. His looks to his bottoms and the mud caked thick. 
  ‘What’s happened to you?’ 
  ‘Nothing Mom, just fell over in a puddle.’
  ‘You mean rolled over, get those clothes off I’ll throw them in the wash.’
  ‘I’ll sort it.’ Said Smithy shutting the door behind himself. 
  ‘I’ll do it, give it here.’ 
  ‘Can you just fuck off and leave me alone!’ Screams Smithy and then he drops to the floor and sobs.
  ‘Dan, are you alright? What’s happened?’ His Mom said coming closer. She’s never seen her son fall to the floor in a heap and cry like that since he was a toddler. 
  ‘Get me a bag, get me a fucking bag now.’ 
  ‘What’s happened? What you done?’ She said now crying herself as he stands up and wipes his eyes. She just looks to his clothes and all the mud. It hasn’t rained for a few days around here she thinks. Where has my son been? What has he done? Am I going to lose him? Written all over her terrified face.
  ‘Just get me a bag and then go upstairs and leave me alone, I was here all night, you understand?’
  ‘Yes, you were here all night.’ She said walking to the kitchen.
  ‘Here.’ She said handing it over and a bottle of bleach.
  ‘What’s that for?’
  ‘Bleach will kill the evidence, I seen it on CSI.’ She said and then she breaks down and cries like Smithy and falls to the floor herself.
  ‘It’s getting burned in the morning, go upstairs, I need to strip.’ Said Smithy coldly. All his emotion evaporated. It was like a well had been released and he was done crying. He had to sort out his freedom, not to mention survive.
  ‘What’s happened?’
  ‘Just go upstairs, if anyone asks, I’ve been here all night, now go I need to get the fuck out of these clothes and shower.’ Said Smithy as his mom just walks upstairs sobbing to herself and shuts her bedroom door. 
  Smithy strips naked and fills the bag. He places the shooter inside too and leaves it at the foot of stairs before going up. He walks past his Moms room; behind the door he can hear her. It was pain, and he caused it. He walks into the bathroom, turns on the shower and washes the night away down the plug and does nothing but mirror his Mom and streams of tears follow with last nights bloodshed. 


*


  ‘Where you going?’ Said Justin as the Mule takes a right and heads away from Birmingham, towards Coleshill and where they just came.
  ‘Mule? Where the fuck you going?’ Said Justin clicking his fingers in front of the Mules blank face. It’s the only time he’s seen him so still thinks Justin. 
  ‘Going on a job.’
  ‘No man, head to Stechford.’
  ‘Going on a job.’
  ‘Ye, we need to pick up the original plates for this and leave it in Small heath man.’
  ‘Going on a job man, what you talkin’ about?’ Said Mule, turning to Justin and with a whiter face than he usually had. 
  ‘For fuck sake, just drive where I tell you, turn around at this island and go back and keep going straight, ok man?’ Said Justin and he knew when he didn’t turn in his direction, he wasn’t alright. He had the same look Smithy had. They seen a man get shot, big deal thinks Justin. They’re shook for what? He’s been stabbed, stabbed and seen it all his life, what’s the fucking difference he thinks. He wasn’t there, he didn’t shoot though. He looked after himself and got on his toes and doesn’t regret it for a second. He remembers this as he directs the Mule to Stechford and he may need to look out for himself again. He checks the blade in his pocket. 
  The dark streets are empty other than people of the night like him. The plate might be logged by an undercover, however he knows the police will be too busy reacting to shit to stop his legit plate. The windows down and he hears the faint gunshots somewhere else in the city and he’s heading closer to it with every cold breath. 

*

  ‘Alright, Mule? You payin’ attention man?’ Said Justin as the Mule stops the van. They’re on Bagshaw Road, only metres away from Justin’s flat. He looks around and he recognized the usual faces going about their business. Burglar there, dealer somewhere.
  ‘Mule, you hear me man? Fuck sake.’ Said Justin as the Mule turns to him and smiles. ‘Yes pal, what were you saying?’ In a completely different tone, and another personality he expects usually to be chewing his ear off when he’s getting a new quote for his insurance. Who the fuck is this guy thinks Justin?
  ‘Sit tight alright? I’ve got the original plates for this stashed near my flat, I’ll be ten minutes, alright? Fuck sake, this guy.’ 
  ‘Ye pal, what were you saying?’ Said the Mule without turning away.
  ‘Sit here, don’t fucking move.’ Said Justin and he heads off into the dark. His hood up and quick on his feet. He knows these streets like the back of his hand and feels the hiding spots as he moves, taking the longer route and checking every car he hasn’t seen before. He keeps looking around and nothing. He knows he’s pushing his luck. He’s sure they know where he lives, and they could be watching. However, he also knows they wouldn’t hang around too long as there’s plenty of lookouts in these ends and the hyenas will come out for anyone out passed their bed-time and messing with the local business. He notices the local Pakistani crew and their 4x4 and he knows they’re strapped and ready to ram any unknowns off the manor should they be shottin’ to their nitty’s. He feels safe enough, it’s not a place for an unknown face.  
 
  ‘Yes Justin, you got any bud bro?’ Said Dean from the first floor heading out. He looks like he’s just got in a scrap and is bleeding from his mouth. He’s always arguing with his older brother about stealing each other’s joints and Justin isn’t surprised. ‘Come back without a joint and I’ll fucking do you!’ is screamed through a closed door. 
  ‘Nah man, I’m out man, call me tomorrow.’ Said Justin passing and he heads away as quickly as he can before Dean starts begging for a ten bag on click. He regrets ever mentioning he sells to these pair, his older brother is worse and thinks he can stare him down and has been told more than once he’ll get his jaw rocked if it eyeballs him again. Unemployed stoners are a waste of his time. Too much hassle and not enough cash coming in. 
  He takes the stairs and forgets them. He doesn’t want to be seen on the camera inside the lift.
  Justin opens the electrical cupboard inside the lobby outside his flat. He stole the universal key when the trades were doing some maintenance and has been using them for storage ever since, mainly for his plates and a handy weapon save bringing them inside his place and letting his sister find them. He reaches behind and pulls out the bag and pushes the wrapped-up plate down his waist. He hovers at the door and considers seeing his sister and then looks at the time, she won’t be up for a few hours anyway and he’ll be back to make her breakfast he thinks. He looks to the empty bottle outside and knows his Mom is passed out drunk on the sofa and doesn’t even want to go in for the piss he wants, just in incase she’s ran out and demands he runs to the shop and wakes up the whole floor like last week. He’ll use the stairs like everyone else and add to the smell. He’d piss outside but doesn’t want to be caught with his dick out unawares. He finishes and races back to the Mule. 

  Nothing had changed other than the 4x4 had disappeared. Probably on the way to go at the Bordesley Green crew wanting a piece of their action. Tit-for-tat. It never ends. He hears the faint shot of automatic gunfire far in the distance. The sound of war travels far when the civilians are sleeping in the somewhat silent night. A blue siren reactively heads off in the other direction.
  ‘What the fuck?’ Said Justin as he approaches closer to the van. He can’t see the Mule and the engine isn’t running. He races around and looks into the van, he tries to door and it’s locked. ‘Fucking idiot.’ Said Justin at a whisper. He looks around and sees nothing. Then the vans bangs, only slightly but he was sure it was from inside the van. He can’t see through to the back 
  ‘Oi, you in there you fucking idiot.’ Said Justin banging on the side himself to no reply. 
  Justin looks around and there isn’t a car nearby, only the faint moving of a headlight that races quickly down a street around the corner. He could probably guess it’s a BMW from the engine screaming its revs. He runs around the back and pulls at the doors and they open up.
  ‘Fuck.’
  ‘Ye you little cunt, we’re going for a chat, don’t fucking move or I’ll blast you right now.’ Said a face he recognized and didn’t want to see again with two barrels pointing in his direction, locked and loaded. He hears the same BMW come up behind with lights off and doors open behind him soon after. He’s glad he had his piss because he would’ve just trickled right down his leg. Then before he could process how fucked he was it was lights out and everything went black. 


15

  He isn’t sure how he got to bed. He didn’t know how he slept until he turned over and seen half a joint sitting on his bedside table. He’s still naked and his pillow is damp. He must’ve rolled a joint without even drying his hair he thinks. It hit him again, the flashbacks are vibrant as if his sleep just fermented them in his mind in a multi-colored display, where his thoughts are mixing in a kaleidoscope of despair. His head spins with all the possibilities and none of them are willing him out of bed. He can already feel himself rotting inside like the corpse would be starting to now. He checks his phone and searches for any activity. Nothing. It’s still early so they might not have discovered the body. Of-course not he thinks, people were coming to get them. It was found. He wonders how long it would take for the police to signal what they found and appeal for witnesses. The BBC news headline is already written across his phone screen, he’s seen enough to imagine. It’s only a matter of time. Perhaps they, whoever they are didn’t declare the body to the police, there’s a lot of money at stake for them. He doesn’t know what would be worse, hunted by the police or friends of the man with three bullet wounds to the head. He re-lights his joint and takes a deep lungful, letting smoke dull his mind spinning with all the negativity and releases it into his bedroom. He needs to get to work if he wants to survive. He hasn’t got the time to lose.

  ‘Dan, where you going? Are you going to talk about last night?’
  ‘I was here last night, I was here last night.’ Said Smithy robotically, not even looking at his Mom in the face. He can see her puffy eyes even if he tried not to see her reflection in the window.
  ‘Where you going?’ She said croaking and swallowing her worry the best she can.
  ‘I’ve put all my money I’ve got stashed in the house in the bread-bin, try not to spend it all at once if I don’t come back.’ Said Smithy grabbing the bag left at the foot of the stairs and leaving the house without even a fleeting glance in her direction. 
  His phones have never been so silent. Justin’s got six numbers he knows of and can get a call off either one at any time of the day, sometimes night. Nothing, not even a confirmation he’s ok on his phone. He’s probably going to be sleeping off a long night. Smithy can’t remember anything passed walking into his house and stripping. He takes a little piece of paper he has stashed in a fold in his seat and tries them all. Two offline and four just ring out. Nothing unusual, at least on a usual morning. He throws the crunched paper to the floor.
  ‘Fuck sake you coke head.’ Said Smithy smashing the steering wheel at the lights. A white van with three working lads mock his anger and pull faces as they drive by. If only they knew of the night before. Not to mention the black bag on the seat still holds a loaded gun. He remembers that and composes himself when he sees a police car across the street pull to a stop, waiting like him for the green light. No point green lighting himself. He’s got a serious sentence as a passenger and this one won’t be running off anywhere unless he lights a fire under it. He remembers the plan and heads to the venue.

  He doesn’t know why he stopped his car before turning into the close. He just did. He can almost hear the muffled screams in the air. An anticipation he felt in his bones and he couldn’t place why. It was as if with every turn of his tires he was entering into a new place. It was darker and the energy surrounded him until he scrapped the curb pulling over. He watches the turn and it is repelling him like a magnetic field was now wrapped around his car. He tries the engine and before he turns it over, he’s taking the key out and sits there silently, watching forward when all he was doing was playing all his mistakes back with a cold hand resting on the bag.
  He sees a white van approaching from the other side of the street, one man with cap pulled close to his face, was inside driving slowly and keeps his eye on him the whole way until he loses interests and turns towards a left. Smithy looks down to his phone, but he seen enough. It was the transit he was in last night; the plates remained the same and as the van turned into the close, he could see the dirt from last night saturating the arches.
  ‘How….the fuck…..who the….fuck is that.’ Said Smithy and his cold hand became clammy and his throat parched with his fear. Justin was full of surprises, however he knew something was wrong, very fucking wrong. He hadn’t seen the face before, even from a distance he knew he hadn’t. He just knew. He’s been clocking every face around him for naerly a year, he knows. He pulls his phone out, goes through his numbers again, and nothing. 
  He can hear the faint screams in the air. A muffle as if the night before has left the morning air saturated. His visions are meeting the kaleidoscope of despair. He doesn’t need much of an imagination to turn the images and the dark possibilities around until a clearness emerges, where once a mirage of fortune lay, a tainted well was waiting to poison him more than it already has. He turns the engine and pulls away with the magnetism pushing him forward and away. 
  He took a few turns, he isn’t sure how many, however he went far enough not to recognize any of the streets when he came to a stop. The only person out was an old man with his morning paper. He looks to the time. It’s only just gone seven. The passenger just sits there, mocking him with all the years he’s going to get. He sits, sobbing silently for his friend. He can feel he’s already gone.
  ‘Help me, please, help.’ Said Smithy as he grips the steering wheel and cries to car he no longer enjoys. He wants the peasant pass in his hand in January. He wants the cold rain lashing at his face. He wants his shit job back. He wants to be free to choose.
  ‘Hello, you’re through to West-Midlands Police, is this an emergency?’
  ‘Yes, I think my friend is in danger. They have guns, I’ve just seen them. The address is…….. ’ He said and he didn’t even remember calling the number and before he can process what he’d done he ended the call. He sees his phone flashing and he just drives on, the passenger his next action. He notices the bins are out and they’re still in relative uniformity, still placed where the owners left them with recycling still sticking out. He pulls over and kicks his passenger out to the bottom of another dark container with wheels. He puts his foot down and heads home. He heads home to hug his Mom, the one he knows is still crying them puffy eyes thinking he’ll never return.  

16

  ‘You need to take my money and leave now, hide it somewhere.’ Said Smithy grabbing his suitcase and throwing everything of high value in there. 
  ‘What’s happened?’ She said still crying and shaking in place. It was the first real hug her son had given her in years and then it was gone. She thought he was back and before she could calm down, he’d changed once again. Smithy notices the wine hadn’t been opened sitting on the kitchen surface.
  ‘The police will be here in any moment, take my keys and get all this stuff away and come back. Hide the car a few miles away and then come back, you can sell it after.’ Said Smithy filling the suitcase with his clothes and ripping up the floorboards up for his remaining cash.
  ‘Why they coming?’
  ‘I’ll tell you soon enough, I’m in trouble but they’ll take the money and all my stuff, take it now and hide it.’
  ‘I can’t, I don’t want to go anywhere.’
  ‘You have to, you need to leave now or you’ll have nothing when I go away.’
  ‘Why you going away?’ She said and she fell to the floor and continued to cry until you sat there silently. 
  ‘Fuck sake, you need this money, come on!’ Said Smithy screaming at his Mom to get up and save herself.
  ‘I just want my son, I don’t care about the money.’ She said and with that Smithy just dropped the suitcase to the bottom on the stairs and left it there. 
  He didn’t have a plan. He just knew he wouldn’t be here much longer. He’d end up dead, or in prison. He could feel it, seeing her face as he was packing up his belongings, he knew whatever money was left wouldn’t stop the bottle being opened in the kitchen.
  ‘I’m going to put the money in your drawer, ok? Make sure you tell the police it’s your savings.’ Said Smithy and she didn’t reply. She just sat there, looking towards the closed bottle in the kitchen without the energy to retrieve it.
  He opened up her drawer to see an old picture of himself staring back, his Dad was there too. He hadn’t seen his face since he died in a motorbike accident when he was eight. He picked up the picture and went back to his room. He rolled a joint and just waited for justice.

*
  ‘It appears we have a lot to talk about, I’m Detective Casey, I’m one of the lead detectives working on the case. This is detective sergeant Singh. For the record it is sixteen hundred hours and four minutes on the twelfth of October twenty-twenty. Where do we start?’
  ‘No comment.’
  ‘You’re now aware that we’ve found your friend Justin Davies and another, we’re unsure who that is yet were inside number two, Baron Close. You have nothing to say on the matter?’
  ‘No comment.’
  ‘Mr Smith, this is very serious and replying no comment indicates you knew more about these deaths then we’re aware of.’
  ‘No comment.’
  ‘Mr Smith, two of our officers are now in hospital with gunshots and two other people in the house are now dead, shot dead after our officers returned fire and with another now in hospital. At the moment, you’re the only person who can highlight what led to this incident.’
  ‘No comment.’
  ‘We don’t have an issue with you, we don’t care about the crop, or your little drug business. We want to know why your friend was in the process of being dismembered and wrapped into polythene bags, here, look at your friend.’ Said Detective Casey and he slid the photos over to Smithy. The little bin placed to his side is now used as he heaves up nothing but water and bile. He can’t remember the last time he ate.
  ‘From that reaction we don’t believe you had anything to do with this murder, however we know you know more, if you don’t help us, we cannot help you. We want to get everyone involved, we want to help you. Do you want to end up like your friend?’
  ‘They chopped him up?’
  ‘Yes, they had your name written down too, you’re going to be next. We can’t help you unless you help us, it’s that simple Mr Smith.’ Said Detective Casey who slid a piece of paper over with Smithy’s name and address on.
  ‘I called to save him.’
  ‘We are aware of that, he was already dead, we believe from preliminary examinations six to twelve hours ago. We just want to know everything that led to this. We can protect you and your Mom, we’ve already got her in a safe house. We’ve even packed up all your nice clothes in your car. You just need you to cooperate, you really don’t have anything to lose. Look, you’ve already lost your best friend and we believe your life is in serious danger.’
  ‘Ok, it started with me losing my job……..’ 

The end. 
