Fault on Both Sides
(The Sequel to All These Nearly Fights)
By Richard Cunliffe

As we head down the pitch Charlotte says, ‘It’s the title of a painting, you know.’
‘What’s the title of a painting?’
‘“Fault on Both Sides.” It’s the name of an oil painting. By a Scotsman called Thomas Faed.’
‘Yeah? What’s it of, then – a car crash or something?’
She giggles at me. ‘Hardly, sweetheart, given that it dates to the mid eighteen-hundreds. It depicts a married couple who’ve stopped talking to each other after a contretemps.’  

Copyright (Richard Cunliffe), 2018:
No part of this book may be stored, reproduced or transmitted in any form without the specific written permission of Richard Cunliffe, who asserts his rights as the author of this work.

Disclaimer
Fault on Both Sides is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between its characters and real people, or between its storyline and genuine events, is purely coincidental.

Dedication:
This one’s for Carole and Steve. Thanks for all the dinners, you two – and for one of the worst reviews of my first book. xx

 
Preamble (1): Brief Author’s Note
Preamble (2): Another Brief Author’s Note – An Update on the Story so Far
Mayhem
Aftermath
More Aftermath
Sunday Proper
Monday Morning
Monday Afternoon
Super Tuesday
A Whole Week Later
Mid January
Late March
 
Preamble (1): Brief Author’s Note
One question I’ve been asked by readers of this book’s forerunner, All These Nearly Fights, is whether I have much in common with Jimmy Harris, the story’s central character. I usually answer that he and I are very far from alike. Jimmy is a bit younger than me, and more of a blokes’ bloke than I am (or ever was). And while we’ve both sold cars for a living, I’m yet to join him in the ranks of multi-million pound lottery winners. (I almost certainly never will, given the infrequency with which I play).
But here’s one characteristic which we do share: we’re both reasonably intelligent men who, nevertheless, often prove capable of doing remarkably foolish things. Jimmy, for example, once spent an afternoon deciding to stay faithful to his current girlfriend, only to have sex with his previous one before the evening was out. Meanwhile I, for my part, actually read Finders Keepers – the second of Stephen King’s books in the Bill Hodges trilogy – before I ever even picked up Mr Mercedes, which would have been the logical place to start reading given that it was the first novel in the series.
You may ask how Jimmy’s spontaneous infidelity compares on a scale of foolishness with my reading a crime trilogy out of its correct chronological order. I guess the answer depends how on seriously you take your literature (I suppose that Jimmy might say it depends on how seriously you take your girl or boyfriends). One thing I do know, however, is that I got off more lightly for my mistake than he did for his. That’s partly because Finders Keepers – the second in the Bill Hodges series – features a new adversary for the story’s hero, and in a largely new context. There is some throwback to Mr Mercedes, but the book works well enough as a stand-alone novel in its own right. And so, although it’s not ideal, it’s okay to read Finders Keepers first because you can pick up the gist of it without having read Mr Mercedes beforehand.
I need to tell you, though, that the book you’re about to begin isn’t like that. 
If you’re coming to Fault on Both Sides without first having read All These Nearly Fights then you are wasting your time. Fault on Both Sides isn’t so much a new story as a continuation of an unfinished one, and you do need to read the first instalment before reading the second if the overall narrative is to make any sense to you.
If, however, you have read All These Nearly Fights, and you’re here to find out how Jimmy’s story ends, then it’s great to see you here again. Welcome back, and thanks for being a returning reader. You’ll find Fault on Both Sides to be a shorter book than its predecessor – it’s actually more of a novella than a novel – and the brevity of this sequel is something which came as a surprise to me. I expected it to be a longer book than it is, but once I started writing I found it didn’t take too much time to reach what I think is a natural conclusion. As for you, if you feel you’re well up to speed with the story, then feel free to press straight on with Mayhem, the first chapter in this book proper. If, however, you’d like a brief recap of the characters and the tale to date, then do read the second author’s note before you begin.
Preamble (2): Another Brief Author’s Note – An Update on the Story so Far
Jimmy Harris is a used-car salesman in his early thirties – one who’s won nearly four-million quid playing the lottery. In All These Nearly Fights we saw him coming to terms with his wealth and facing up to some life-changing decisions. Chief among these was whether to stay with Charlotte, his current girlfriend, or to try reuniting with Isabel, his previous one. Further considerations for Jimmy’s attention were the matter of opening a used-car business with his best mate, Ash (who, at the story’s start, was the only person Jimmy had told about his millions), and whether to spend a few thousand quid bailing his colleague Carl out of severe financial difficulties brought on by a gambling addiction.
Other key characters in All These Nearly Fights included Graham, the manager of the car dealership where Jimmy was working at the story’s start, and Rudi, who was the top salesman there despite Jimmy’s efforts to unseat him. Additional staff at the dealership were Kate (a good friend and confidant of Jimmy’s), the newcomers Emma and Wes (Wes fancied Emma, and we weren’t sure whether the feeling was entirely mutual), plus the hapless Kevin and his obnoxious buddy, Marlon.
Also relevant to the story, which takes place over five days in the run-up to Christmas, were some of Jimmy’s customers. For example, he envied Ann and Rob the stability they had in their relationship, and was grateful to the entrepreneur Reuben Fitzgerald for some sound business advice and his insights into human nature. Meanwhile, two of the minor characters featured (and who will crop up again) were Nathan Fortescue-Edwards, the posh banker in charge of Jimmy’s millions, and the unnamed “slick, sharp guy” from the property company who showed Jimmy round some potential business premises.
By the end of All These Nearly Fights, Jimmy’s wealth was mostly still a secret, although he had gone so far as to confide its existence to Kate, as well as letting on to her that he’d anonymously slipped thirty-thousand quid through Carl’s letterbox. He had also finally decided that he was definitely going to push on and start his own business, even though best buddy Ash had actually pulled out of the idea.
Most importantly, Jimmy had eventually made up his mind to stay with Charlotte. Unfortunately, having done so, he then proceeded to have sex with Isabel on the floor of her kitchen – an act of betrayal discovered by Charlotte when she visited Jimmy at work the next day. After Charlotte had subsequently stormed out of the showroom, a distraught Jimmy took out his frustration on Carl, who picked the wrong moment to make glib comments about the history of Jimmy’s love life. All These Nearly Fights concluded with Carl falling to the showroom floor, blood pouring from his nose, a furious Jimmy having punched him in the face. Now please read on...
Mayhem
Shouting and screaming. Amazement and anger. Stunned bewilderment. People running around a lot, but to little good effect. ‘Jimmy... what the fuck???’
At the eye of the storm there’s me: James Michael Harris, a lottery millionaire and stupid utter dickhead. Although my rational side assesses this carnage and knows I’m fully to blame, it has an irrational counterpart which is trying to persuade me that I’m somehow a victim here. And, against the odds, my irrational side is winning the day: incredibly, I really do feel like a victim. I feel that way even though Carl, a genuine victim of this situation – and my fucking victim at that – is rolling around in a puddle of blood and coffee, holding his face and moaning in pain.
I suppose I’m in shock of some sort. Shock at the physical damage I’ve done to Carl – something which is bad enough – and further shock at the emotional harm I must have caused Charlie, which has to be even worse. And I have a very clear thought in my head: I’m vividly remembering a conversation with my colleague Kate from a couple of days back. She suggested that I was considering leaving Charlie because my dad had walked out on the family when I was just a kid. Kate had some notion in mind that we justify the behaviour of our parents by growing up and repeating it. I told her then that she was talking bollocks, but now I’m not so sure. My old man chucked away what was good in his life; I seem hell bent on doing the same.
Meanwhile, Graham is getting events under control. At his bidding, Wes, who’s just pulled me apart from Carl, leads me towards the customer reception area in one corner of the showroom. On the way we pass my ex-girlfriend Isabel – the woman I let seduce me last night, thereby igniting all this fucking hoo-hah. Now she’s looking at me as if for the first time, and hating what she sees. Like everyone else, she appears shocked. Like everyone else bar Graham and Wes, she actually appears frightened of me. ‘Just remember,’ she said yesterday evening, as if knowing exactly what would happen, ‘you brought all this on yourself.’
We reach the reception area and Wes sits me down in one of the comfy chairs. Graham is close behind us. He’s calm and in control – he isn’t ranting or raving, and he gets me a coffee from the machine. Pressing it into my hand, he tells me not to move from this spot until he says so. When I think back to my arriving at work this morning, feeling sick with shame at having cheated on Charlie, I can remember Graham passing me an energy drink because he said I looked like death. It worked too fucking well, I think of informing him, but I don’t get to share the joke because Graham and Wes are away before I can open my mouth.
I sit and sip my coffee, aware that my hands are shaking. Just like earlier today, I seriously fancy a cigarette, even though I stopped smoking over a year ago. I watch as Carl – wobbly and bloated in his bling and his denims – is helped to his feet and led away by a group of our mutual colleagues. Emma, who seems too young and pretty to be a part of all this – and who was my friend and Carl’s enemy until seconds ago – passes him a wad of kitchen towel to catch the blood still flowing freely from his nose. Then I look on in embarrassment as Rudi – who’s normally a man of presence and influence despite his short and skinny build – struggles to pacify his latest punter, the middle-aged man who had a ringside view of my best Anthony Joshua impersonation.
Not long afterwards, Kev appears with a mop and bucket. I might have guessed it would be Kev who’d end up mopping the floor. Of similar build to Rudi, but with little of Rudi’s salesmanship, Kev’s still trying too hard to make himself useful in compensation for all the deals he fails to do. In spite of Graham telling me to stay put, I finish my coffee and wander back to where Kev is making busy with the mop. I want to tell Kev to stop what he’s doing because I reckon it’s only right that I should take over the chore from him. But I can’t seem to find the right words, and Kev keeps his head down, refusing to look me in the eye. The longer I stand there, the faster Kev mops, and I know he’s blushing furiously even though he doesn’t look up at me. Then I think some more about Charlotte – about her coming here and learning the truth about me and Isabel, before making an exit which was heroically brave and seriously dignified under the circumstances. Charlie, I’m so sorry, I think, hoping that by some paranormal miracle she’ll hear my thoughts telepathically and understand just how much I mean them. What the fuck have I gone and done?
Aftermath
Although it’s possible that I’ve lost all track of time, I reckon it takes about twenty minutes to restore some kind of normality to the sales floor. Given that I disobeyed his instructions by wandering away from reception, Graham quarantines me in his office while he brings about a semblance of order, and once that’s sorted he decides to send me home from work. His decision to do so comes as no surprise. He probably reckons I’m in the wrong frame of mind to sell cars, and that my continued presence in the showroom wouldn’t be conducive to a particularly happy workplace (or what the suits at HQ would term a “harmonious team dynamic”). Besides which, I really ought to get out of here and find Charlie, even though I have no fucking clue what I’ll say or do when I finally manage to catch up with her.
Graham tells me to stay away from the showroom until Monday, and says we’ll talk about things once I’m back. He’s been very calm throughout all the aggro – that’s his military background kicking in, I reckon – and he actually puts a fatherly hand on my shoulder, but we both know what will have to happen when he sees me next. Come Monday, Graham will have no choice other than to give me the sack. Punching a colleague hard in the face amounts to gross misconduct, and I haven’t left the boss any wiggle room in the matter. Maybe it’s this certainty which makes him more sad than angry as he ushers me from his office. Or perhaps it’s simply that he’d have liked to have stuck one on Carl himself.
But before finally going home, I say sorry to Graham maybe eight or ten times, and I offer to apologise to Carl. Trouble is, Carl is still in the ladies’ toilets, having his faced patched up by Kate, and neither Graham nor Wes are going to let me anywhere near him. I’d also like to talk to Isabel, except that she’s left the building by now. No one saw her go, but she isn’t in the showroom and her Juke has gone from the car park. Rudi’s punter left pretty quickly too, despite Rudi’s best efforts, and that’s something else which is hardly surprising given that people don’t tend to buy cars from dealerships where the staff assault one another on the sales floor. Accordingly, I add Rudi to the list of people requiring me to say sorry, because I’ve most likely cost him a deal. But that’s another apology which will have to wait because Rudi and Emma are smoking round the back, whereas Graham, understandably, wants me off the premises sharpish.
Graham’s escorted me as far as the main door when Kate comes out of the toilets. She’s wearing blue latex gloves, and there are blood flecks spattered across the front of her otherwise immaculate white blouse. ‘We need to update the first aid kit,’ she says, matter-of-factly. ‘And is there any ice in the fridge?’
‘I’ll get you some in a second,’ says Graham.
Unsure whether Kate will bite my head off, I turn to her and ask, ‘How is Carl doing?’
She gives me one of her looks. ‘He’s on the phone,’ she says. ‘To the town hall. Nominating you for good citizen of the year.’
I feel my face turning red. Graham laughs at first, but hides his laughter behind a bout of coughing when it dawns on him that he shouldn’t be finding this funny. ‘Come on,’ he finally says to Kate. ‘Jimmy’s feeling rough about all of this.’
‘And Carl isn’t?’
‘Fair point,’ he replies. ‘You’ve got me there.’
Kate sighs. She says to me, ‘I’ve nearly stopped the bleeding. Carl said he wanted to come back out here and batter you, but I think he was just talking big. And anyway, Wes was standing in his way, so it was never going to happen. Then, next thing, he wanted to phone the police and have you carted off in cuffs, but I’ve talked him out of that one – or at least I think I have. I’ve told him to sleep on it at least.’
‘Thanks,’ I tell her.
‘Don’t mention it,’ she says, turning aside and pulling off the gloves.
‘You’ve done a lot for me today.’
‘I said don’t mention it.’
‘Alright, Kate. I get it.’
Graham tells her, ‘I’ll get you that ice.’ He starts to move away, but then turns back to me, suddenly deciding to broach the tricky question I thought we’d just postponed until after the weekend. ‘Jimmy,’ he says, in a low voice, ‘I know I said we’ll talk Monday, but you need to think about what you’re going to do next. I can’t hush up what’s happened today, even if Carl agrees to it.’
‘I know that, boss.’
‘I mean,’ he continues, ‘suppose I sack Kev for poor performance, but then Brando tells him to take the whole thing up with head office. He’d be entitled to ask why he’s been binned off when you’re still here after leathering one of your colleagues in the showroom. It would just make too many fucking waves, you know?’
Again, I confirm to Graham that I understand. He replies, ‘Just so long as you do. One way or another, you will be leaving the company.’
‘Even sooner than you thought,’ murmurs Kate, almost to herself.
Graham gives her a sideways glance, and the look that crosses her face is one of realisation that she’s just let a cat at least halfway out of the bag. Quickly, she tries to cover up her remarks, saying to Graham, ‘Yesterday, when Jimmy and I were talking at his desk, he was saying how dark and miserable it is in December, and how he might emigrate somewhere warmer in a year or two.’
But Graham still appears suspicious, and I remember that in the few seconds before I got stuck into Carl, Kate dropped another inadvertent hint to everyone gathered in the office when she encouraged me to tell Charlotte about my money. Eyes narrowed, Graham looks from me to Kate and then back again. I’m cool about his scrutiny, though. I find myself thinking that my big fucking lottery secret doesn’t seem so important now. Not anymore. 
‘Actually boss,’ I tell him, ‘it would have been sooner than a couple of years. You see –’
But then I catch Kate’s eye, and it’s clear that she’s had more than enough of my being here for now. She’s looking tired, and is shaking her head at me in weary exasperation. ‘Not now James,’ she says. ‘This really isn’t the time. Go on, go home, yeah? Just bloody well get yourself home.’
More Aftermath
I do as Kate tells me. I get myself home.
Home to a silent, empty house – a house which seems to sneer at me when I push open the front door and call out for Charlie in spite of her car not being on the drive. And inside, although not much has changed since this morning, things are somehow different too. The biggest difference is the weird sensation I have that my possessions aren’t mine anymore. My old leather coat, well-worn and craggy, is draped exactly where I left it, over the back of a kitchen chair. But to look at it and then touch it, it feels as though some other fucker has worn it all these years. I’m a stranger in my own home, I reckon – disconnected from the things that are mine. Disconnected from my life.
Disconnected from my woman as well.
I switch on the TV and I switch on the kettle. Then I switch them both back off, because I’m in no mood for light entertainment and I need a drink stronger than coffee.
I pour a scotch and then, taking a deep breath, I phone Charlotte. The phone rings however many times – ten? fifteen? – and then I get her answer message. She sounds friendly in the recording, and there is warmth in her voice which I can’t imagine her using with me ever again. As such, the message already feels as much a piece of history as those wartime radio broadcasts that the BBC replays on the anniversary of D-Day. Charlie’s recorded message apologises for not taking my call, but adds that if I leave her a voicemail she’ll phone me when she can. I reckon there’s fat fucking chance of her phoning me when she can, but I leave a voicemail for her anyway. First, I say I’m sorry. Second, I claim I’ll do whatever it takes to put this catastrophe right. Third, I tell her I need to know she’s okay. ‘Please, Charlie,’ I beg of her, ‘can we please just talk? Please, please phone me. I’m so, so, so, so sorry.’
I knock back my scotch and then pour another. I go upstairs. Our (my) bedroom is neat and tidy, with the bed made and any discarded clothes picked up off the floor. That’s how Charlotte would have left things before coming to the dealership this morning. Then I check the wardrobes and her dressing table. There isn’t much missing – if anything at all – and so I don’t reckon she’s been back and hurriedly packed a case. Next, I phone her again. Several more rings and then the same answer message – this time I just hang up. I go back downstairs. I knock back half my second scotch. I send Charlie a text. It simply reads: Please just let me know you’re alright.
I switch the kettle back on. This time, after finishing my scotch, I do make a coffee. I think about phoning Charlie’s sister, Michelle, to see if Charlie’s gone round or made any contact with her. But Michelle can be a fucking horrible woman, and is sure to give me the third degree, which is something I can’t face right now. I decide to wait an hour and then try Charlie again, before finally calling her sister only if I really need to.
For a minute or two I sit at the kitchen table, drinking my coffee. It’s midwinter and there are no birds singing in the garden, and nor can I hear any of the neighbours’ kids playing outside. The TV and radio are off, and it feels as though the rest of the world has simply died. There’s just me sitting in silence, beneath the photos of friends and family which Charlie and I have pinned to the cork board mounted on the wall. It dawns on me that if Charlie and I split up, those guys ’n’ gals will have to pick sides – they’ll have to decide which one of us they want to stay friends with. The thought only adds to my misery, as does the pain I’m starting to feel in my right hand – the one I used for punching Carl. My belly is fiery with two large whiskies, and I’m waiting anxiously for the phone to ring.
But when the phone fails to ring, I remember that I need to contact Isabel too. So I send her a text. My message simply reads: I’m really sorry. 
Isabel doesn’t reply either. After a further few minutes, I finally realise that I can’t sit any longer in this vacuum, and I decide to take myself off to the pub.
My local drinking hole is an old-time boozer, only half-a-mile away. I don’t go in very often, but the landlord’s a decent enough bloke serving decent enough beer. I can’t be arsed with walking there, despite how close it is, and so I take the firm’s Mondeo, parking it carelessly in the street nearby. There’s a middle-aged bloke outside the entrance, smoking a roll-up while sitting on the kerb. He looks wiry and hard, and his jeans and jumper are clogged with dirt. He might have spent the morning labouring on a building site, and the part-wary, part-scathing look he casts me reminds me that I’m still in my work suit. It’s a posh look I’m sporting, relative to the neighbourhood.
The pub’s a small-sized place, bustling with a good-sized crowd. Most of the punters are here for the lunchtime football, and so they’re gathered round the TV, but there are two blokes playing darts and a couple of old-timers having a game of dominoes. At a small table nearer the bar there’s a group of three people – a bloke and two girls – who I reckon are all a bit younger than me, maybe in their mid-twenties. The bloke has gelled, spiky hair and an outsize phone on which he’s showing a video of some sort to his female friends. The three of them glance my way as I go to get served, and one of the girls – a pretty blonde with freckles – eyes me just long enough to suggest she’s interested in whatever I may have to offer.
The landlord’s behind the bar, his spectacles pushed up on his forehead while he dries pint glasses with a faded tea towel that’s fraying at the edges. He nods at me in recognition, and asks me to remind him what it is that I drink. I ask him for a pint of lager, and while he’s getting it for me my phone buzzes with an incoming text.
Unfortunately, it isn’t from Charlotte. It is from Isabel – her reply to my previous message. She says: Fucking sorry? Nice one Jimmy. Not.
I reckon that’s someone else who isn’t happy with me right now.
I pay for my lager and knock back half of it in two fast swigs. It’s cold but not too cold, and it gives me a kick. On top of the whisky I drank at home, it makes my head start to swim. 
The pretty blonde with freckles looks across and catches my eye when I turn away from the bar. She nudges the other girl and whispers to her, before they both look my way and giggle at each other. They’ve got a packet of smokes on the table, the sight of which brings back the craving I first felt earlier this morning, and which came upon me again, later on, after I’d gone and punched Carl’s lights out. I tell myself not to be stupid, but then again stupid is exactly how I’ve been behaving for the past few days. I drink the rest of my pint, order another, and then ask the landlord if he still sells cigarettes from behind the bar. And, oh yeah, can I please have a box of matches?
Things start to go a bit fuzzy after that. Events become a criss-crossed patchwork of stand-alone episodes – the kind of fragmented, haphazard existence familiar to all drunks – rather than the linear, rolling reality we know when we are sober. And the more I drink, the more fragmented things get. Firstly, I unwrap my cigarettes and exchange a friendly couple of words with the blonde and her mates. Next thing, I’m outside, having my first smoke in ages. The nicotine rush really gets my head spinning, and I have to sit down for a minute on the bonnet of the Mondeo. Afterwards, back at the bar, the lad with the gelled spiky hair is getting in a round of drinks. I swap banter with him, and then suddenly I’m at their table, drinking more beer and chatting with the three of them, but especially with the freckled blonde girl. She’s called Lisa or Louise, and she’s a mental health nurse. Or a heavy metal fan. Or something else with the letter “H” in it somewhere or other.
The afternoon goes by fast. Drinking, nattering, going out for a smoke. And pretending to laugh at comedy clips on gel-boy’s huge phone. Also, every now and then, sneaking away to the toilets to try contacting Charlotte. Back at the table, I get teased by the other girl – the non-freckled one who isn’t Lisa / Louise – for apparently needing to piss so much, and by this stage I’m so arseholed I tell the three of them it’s because I ruptured my spleen doing stunt work on a Bond film.
At some point, much later in the afternoon – so late it’s gone fucking dark – I walk Lisa / Louise home. It isn’t far, but it takes a few minutes because we’re not walking straight, and on the way she snipes at me for calling her Lisa and Louise when her fucking name is Lucy. Apologising, I tell her I’m a lottery millionaire, and she just laughs. ‘As well as a stuntman?’ she asks. ‘You’re a right one, you are.’
Then I snog Lucy on her doorstep. Regarding what happens immediately afterwards, I’m not sure whether she invites me in and I turn her down, or whether she just fucks me off anyway, but before long I’m walking back to the pub, climbing into the Mondeo and then driving off for a pizza. Once I’m in the pizza parlour, I decide to spark up a cigarette while waiting in the queue. This causes the staff and other customers to yell at me, and after stamping it out I slur my apologies at them, asking that they cut me some slack because ‘my bloody missus has done one, hasn’t she?’
Even though I’m sure that everyone in there becomes pissed off with me, I must get served in the end because the next thing I’m aware of is arriving at my front door with a big pepperoni pizza tucked under one arm. I’m soon inside, with the pizza opened out on the kitchen table alongside a cold beer from the fridge. I’ve switched on the TV and it’s blaring away with some cowboy gunfight or other. My life’s a fuck, but I just don’t care right now, and I put the sports news on so that I can see the football scores. My pizza looks and smells great, but I feel absolutely fucked. And before I can begin eating, I just need to rest my head on the table for five precious minutes.
Then there’s darkness.
And then it’s Sunday. The early fucking hours of Sunday.
Apart from stiff shoulders, I’ve got an even stiffer neck from sleeping face down on the table. I’ve got a headache from all the booze. And, by now, the hand I used for punching Carl hurts likes a right bastard – my knuckles are bruised, and the hand itself is starting to swell. I can scarcely make a fist, so I’d better not be fighting anyone else in the near future.
Also, I’m freezing and shivering. The TV is still playing the sports news, and I can hear rain pelting hard against the window. My pizza is untouched and stone cold, whilst my beer is untouched and flat. I feel dizzy when I stand up, and at first I have to lean against the table to steady myself. My suit jacket is stained with booze, and somehow there’s a rip in my trousers at the knee. But these are all minor issues. The more worrying thing is this: there’s loads of stuff about yesterday which I can’t remember at all.
I quickly search for the things a man doesn’t want to lose while he’s out on the piss. Luckily, the news on that front is good. I’ve still got my keys. I’ve still got my phone. I’ve still got my wallet.
Then I grab my keys and make for the front door, noticing that my knee hurts just as badly as my hand. I examine the rip in my trousers, and I’m struck with the vague and cloudy recollection that I tripped over a kerb and fell heavily to the floor shortly after I’d bought my pizza. That would have been just a few minutes before driving home while pissed as a fart.
Outside, in torrential rain, I’m relieved to find the Mondeo parked tidily on the drive rather than in the middle of the road. I take a walk around it, looking for damage. Although it’s dark out here, and pissing down biblically, I’d soon spot any dents or scrapes – it comes naturally when you’ve appraised as many cars in part-exchange as I have. And tonight, or rather this morning, it looks as though my luck’s holding steady because the Mondeo seems in good shape. Reassured that I haven’t hit anyone or anything, I then check the interior, and that seems okay too – I haven’t thrown up on the fabrics and there are no corpses stashed in the boot.
Back inside the house, I’m shivering more than ever now that I’m totally soaked through. I take off my wet jacket and pull on the old leather coat I’d left over a kitchen chair. I switch off the TV, and I chuck my pizza in the microwave so that I can heat it up. Then I fill the kettle to make a hot drink. The act of carrying a filled kettle makes my hand throb badly.
Still shivering and shaking, I reach for my phone. I’ve remembered that a message came in while I was pissed up. I reckon I can recall what it says, but I want to check to make sure anyway. When I open up my messages, there it is: a text from Michelle, Charlie’s sister (Charlie’s older, plainer, nastier and far less articulate sister, if I’m going to be frank about matters):
4 wot its worth Charlotte is ok. She is hear and dont wnat 2 C U. Ever again. Come round hear and Mark will waste U. she will pick up her stuff when U at work. Mark says U R an cunt.
If I’m a cunt (or even an cunt), then I’m a cunt needing a cigarette. I search the pockets of my filthy, soaking jacket and find the packet I bought in the pub. The box is damp and battered, and the six ciggies left over are in a similar state. But they’re not so bad that they can’t be smoked, and the question isn’t so much whether I can light these cigarettes as whether I actually should. Deep down, I know what I ought to do – I ought to sling this packet right now, and pretend that I didn’t spark up once yesterday, never mind fourteen fucking times.
Trouble is, I’ve got a craving now – I’ve got an itch that needs scratching.
With cold and trembling fingers, I strike one of my matches. For a few seconds I just watch the flame burning down, but at the last second I light a cigarette, pulling the fumes and carcinogens deep into my lungs. There are no ashtrays round here these days, but the used Coke can I take from the recycling bin will do the job for now. Resting the can in my lap, I kick back and smoke the cigarette, not bothering to retrieve my pizza when the microwave pings to say it should be hot. Instead I sit quietly, smoking hard while thinking over my fucked-up life. I have no job and no business partner. My girlfriend has ditched me for cheating on her, but the woman I cheated with is no longer interested either. My hand and knee and head all hurt, and I may get pneumonia from sitting here while freezing cold and soaked wet through. But there is some better news. On the positive side, I have enough money to buy roughly half-a-million packets of these deadly and addictive cancer sticks.
Sometimes life is marvellous like that. (Remember, you brought all this on yourself.) Just A1 peachy fucking marvellous.
Sunday Proper
Once I’ve smoked my cigarette, I finally scoff the reheated pizza. I also finish off a half-eaten bar of chocolate I find in the fridge, washing it down with a mug of strong coffee. Afterwards, I switch the TV back on and watch ten minutes of news, turning up the volume so that I can hear properly over the rain that’s still crashing against the kitchen window. Then I have another smoke and a second coffee, with which I swallow two ibuprofen I find in a kitchen cupboard.  By now I’ve finally stopped shivering, and I take off my coat and go upstairs to bed. The bedside clock tells me it’s two-forty seven in the morning, and in spite of my troubles and the caffeine I’ve just absorbed, I reckon I’m spark out by two-forty nine.
It’s daylight when I wake up, just after eight-thirty. I hadn’t drawn the curtains, and the sky outside my window is thick with grey clouds which resemble chewed-up clusters of dirty cotton wool. I can’t hear any rain, though, so maybe there’s a small mercy at work today.
I reckon it’s time to take stock of the places where I hurt. I’ve still got the thick head that comes with hangovers, and by now my tongue is furry with it. My knuckles are throbbing, and although my knee doesn’t feel too bad, I reckon that might change when I get up and put some weight on it. But none of these is my biggest source of pain. That would be the empty space in the bed next to me, and the smell of Charlotte on the sheets.
I wallow in my pit for a while, but in the end I have to get up because I’m bursting to use the toilet. After relieving myself I fight off the urge to get back into bed, instead pulling on some jogging bottoms and a vest. Then I hobble up the stairs – and yeah, my knee bloody well hurts when I do that – to my cramped little den-cum-office on the top floor of the house. With my knee feeling stiff and angry, I don’t bother contorting myself to sit down in a tight space, preferring instead to remain standing at the desk. I fire up the laptop and log onto the internet version of the regional newspaper.  A few minutes later, come nine o’clock, I access local radio online, so that I can listen to the news headlines. Both times I’m trying to find out whether there are any reports of hit-and-run incidents from the night before. Thankfully there are none. And given that I found my car to be unmarked in the early hours, I reckon I can breathe easily again. It seems my moronic drink-driving episode went unpunished.
Job done, I drag myself down two flights of stairs – by now causing my knee some serious jip – so that I can boil the kettle, check my phone for messages, and get another couple of painkillers down my neck.
The kitchen still whiffs of the two cigarettes I smoked in the early hours. I throw open the window and then crank up the heating to deal with the damp, chilly air that comes gusting in. I make a coffee, take two more ibuprofen, and dig out the phone from a pocket in my coat. There are no missed calls and no messages.
It’s early for a Sunday, too early to be phoning people. And so I switch on the TV and pop a cigarette in my mouth. Then I turn the TV off again, and put the unlit cigarette back in its box. It’s too early for any of that shit, either.
I take my coffee upstairs and run a seriously hot bath. I climb in with difficulty, bending my knee as little as can, and then I settle back, closing my eyes and trying to figure out what I’m going to do with my day. Priority one is making contact with Charlotte, by whatever means are necessary. I’ll try phoning and texting, but maybe in the end I’ll have to go round to Michelle’s place and take my chances with that dipshit Mark – Mark who’s always claimed he’s my mate, but apparently reckons I’m a cunt these days.
Although Charlotte’s easily my biggest priority, there are other things to do today. I haven’t seen my mum since last Sunday, so a visit has to be in order at some stage. And I need to get in touch with Isabel too – I can’t just leave things as they are. Also, I should make some sort of contact with the dealership, just to make sure that Carl’s alright, and to apologise again for all the fucking mayhem.
But apart from the people I need to get hold of, and in spite of my hangover and my aches and pains, there’s something else I’m really in the mood for. I’m staggered to find myself feeling this way, but I actually want to work on my business plan. Maybe it’s to do with my not having a job after tomorrow, or it could just be that I need to do something worthwhile and ambitious after three days of life-trashing madness. Or perhaps I simply want to show Charlotte there’s some real sense of purpose in my life (assuming I get the chance to show Charlotte anything, ever again). Whatever the reason, I suddenly want to crack on and get my car-retailing business properly underway. And so, once I’ve finished in the bath, had my breakfast and made the calls I need to make, that’s exactly what I plan to do. I’ll sit down for a couple of hours and do some work. And by work, I mean proper work, the sort I was doing before I won the lottery, rather than just sitting and staring out the window. Now that I’m switched on and thinking about it, I reckon I can get the lease on those premises sorted tomorrow. I can start buying cars as well. Bloody hell – I can be open for business in January.
Decisions made, I top up the hot water and settle further back, straightening out my knee and resting my feet either side of the taps. I lie there, thinking about Charlotte and also about Isabel. I think about Lucy as well, the girl I met in the pub less than twenty-four hours ago, and I try to recall exactly how I left things with her. But I can’t remember the detail of that, because yesterday afternoon is still such a blur. Besides, I feel tired again – shattered, actually. That’s why I doze off for a while, hoping I don’t drown for the sake of forty fucking winks.
When I wake back up, the water’s only lukewarm and I’ve got a full-on erection. I can’t be bothered attending to it, and so I get up, climb carefully out, and dry myself off. I think the painkiller has helped my hand, but my knee still hurts when I put weight on it, something I do a lot of while stumbling about to get dressed. I see from the clock in the bedroom that the time’s turned half-ten, which means I’ve spent an hour lolling in the bath. I know Charlotte will be up by now, and so it’s time to give her a call. I cling grimly to the banister as I hobble downstairs, where I return to the kitchen for my phone and yet more coffee.
Again, there are no missed calls or messages. I switch on the kettle for a drink, and while I’m waiting for it to boil I close the window I opened before I went for my bath, the fucker not having closed itself in the meantime. But once I’ve sat down with my coffee, I decide to have another cigarette, and so I get up to reopen the bloody window, my knee bitching at me while I shuffle about like an old man with bad arthritis. Back at the table, I light my cigarette and take in two big lungfuls of smoke, before coughing up my guts until I’m red in the face. I reckon the smart move would be to stub out my cigarette, which is probably why I wait only until the coughing subsides before taking another deep drag. When I manage to exhale without hacking up again, I decide to phone Charlotte while the going is some kind of good.
But the going stops being any kind of good just as soon as I make the call. It goes to voicemail after only two rings, which must mean Charlotte simply rejected the call when she saw it was me. I could go round there, either right now, or later on after I’ve done some work and been to see my mum. I’m not bothered too much about that fucker Mark, despite my bad hand and matching knee. But then again, would my turning up achieve much, other than escalate the aggro? If Charlotte really doesn’t want to see me, would I be helping the situation especially?
I reckon maybe not.
And so I sit and smoke and think, shivering in the draught from the window because I’m in only a thin shirt and the heating has gone off by now. I leave the window open, though, and I nurse my coffee for several minutes while composing a pretty lengthy text. I choose my words carefully, and I try to get the spelling and grammar all present and correct. By the time I’ve finished, I’m stiff, achy and goose-bumped with cold. Meanwhile my mug’s empty, and my cigarette’s so long gone that I’m already itching for another of the bastards.
Charlie,
I know that I’ve hurt you and I’m sure you must hate me right now. Maybe you always will, and if we are finished then I accept it’s all my fault. I do love you, though – please believe me about that, because I’ll do anything for the chance to prove it. Please can we talk? Soon, if not today. Whether we stay together or not, we will have to talk sometime, so please can we just make a start?
Then I create a paragraph break (in a text, for fuck’s sake).
Michelle said you’d come round for your stuff some time while I was at work. You need to know that I’ll be having a few days off, and so I might actually be here when you turn up. If nothing else, let me know when you’re coming. That way, I will arrange not to be in the house if you don’t want me around. Please, though, I hope it hasn’t come to that.
I love you. Jimmy. xx
I read through the final version three times before I send it. Once it’s gone, I simply sit and wait, fighting the urge to light another cigarette. The movie maker in my head has spliced together two different versions of Charlotte reading and responding to my text. In one, she studies it carefully. Her face, although full of hurt, softens just a little, and she takes her time thinking how to reply. In the other version, her lip curls into a snarl after less than a sentence, and she tosses the phone angrily aside.
Five minutes go by without a reply. That’s when I do light a cigarette, and I sit texting Isabel with it clamped between my teeth.
Iz, I’m really sorry I’ve made such a mess of things. Can we please meet and talk? Date and time to suit you.
I’m not as careful with Isabel’s text, and I don’t read it through three times before sending it. After it’s gone, I realise it sounds very straight to the point. The tone of the thing is what Charlotte would call presumptive, and Isabel herself would claim is a bit previous. But it’s out in the world by now – there’s no bringing it back. And this time, rather than wait too long for a reply, I finish my cigarette quickly, and then get up as fast as my knee allows to clear up the mess I’ve made of the kitchen. Firstly, I unload the dishwasher, before loading it again with the many mugs and teaspoons I’ve dirtied in the past twenty-four hours. Then I throw out the pizza box, the Coke can and the untouched bottle of lager. Afterwards I wipe fag ash off the table, before finding an air freshener and blasting the entire downstairs.
Once all of that’s done, I take a few minutes to brush my teeth in the downstairs bathroom, and when I return to the kitchen there’s a text waiting for me. It’s from Isabel. It says: OK. Come round tomoz after work. Thats if u still have a job. Dont be an arsehole when you get here.
I laugh at that, in spite of how fucked everything is. Then, when I put down my phone, I mentally check where I’m at with the list of people I need to contact. Isabel: done. Charlotte: still trying. The dealership: that can wait awhile – on a Sunday they’ll only just have opened up. 
And in the meantime, I can go and get on with my business plan. 
But I have a decision to make before I limp up two flights of stairs to my den and my laptop. That’s because there are only two cigarettes left in their packet. Do I go out and buy some more? Or do I try to resist the urge? Truth is, I hate myself for smoking again. I hate the filth and the already re-awakened dependency, and I hate the knowledge that in a few short weeks I’ll feel weaker and wheezier if I don’t cut it out now. Yet on the other hand, I fancy a cigarette – end of.
After a couple of minutes spent kicking the question back and forth, I end up driving the Mondeo down to the shops. I’m angry that I need to buy cigarettes, so much so that I impose two conditions on my future smoking regime – one condition intended to curb my intake, the other to help me live more easily with my decision to restart. The first is that rather than light up in the house, I will go to the garden whenever a craving strikes, even when the weather is as lousy as today’s. The second condition is that I will stop again – and for good this time – once I’ve dealt with all this shit that I’ve gone and stirred up in my life. I don’t set out precisely what “all this shit” is, nor what dealing with it might mean exactly, although I do make a pact – not only with myself , but with any god who may be privy to the thoughts in my head – that I’ll stop smoking forever just as soon as Charlotte comes back to me. I suppose that my quitting smoking in return for Charlie’s forgiveness doesn’t look good value if you’re the god on the other end of this particular bargain, especially when I previously offered thirty-thousand pounds (payable to my numb-nuts colleague, Carl) if only Isabel would agree to see me after three years apart. But then again, as karmic deal-making goes, what’s easier for a millionaire nicotine addict – cut out the fags, or pony up thirty big ones? Besides which, the argument is probably academic anyway – something which dawns on me minutes later as I’m walking out of the newsagents – because I can hardly be confident about Charlotte coming back when I’ve actually gone and bought four hundred fucking fags, nearly three entire weeks’ worth based on the rate I used to go through them. Not to mention the four-pack of lighters, and a big box of matches just in case.
I’m back in the car, setting off on the short drive home, when I hear a call coming in. My heart leaps a little when I think it might be Charlotte. But my phone’s paired up to the Mondeo’s Bluetooth, and the onboard display tells me it’s Kate.
I answer the call while accelerating slowly down the road.
‘Hi,’ she says, sounding immediately wary, the way people do when tip-toeing round a touchy subject with their mates. ‘Are you okay to talk right now?’
‘I’m fine to talk. I’m just driving back from the shops.’
‘I see.’ A small pause, and then, ‘James, I just wanted to see if you’re okay.’
‘Yeah,’ I tell her. ‘I’m fine. Thanks for asking, and thanks for everything you did yesterday. I didn’t really deserve your help.’
‘Don’t worry about it.’ This time there’s a longer pause, long enough for me to flick the indicator and turn left up a side street. There’s a deep puddle on the apex of the turn, and the Mondeo’s nearside tyres send last night’s rainwater swooshing up the paintwork. Then Kate says, ‘Tell me to keep my nose out, but how are things with Charlotte?’
‘Things aren’t great. I haven’t seen her since she left the showroom yesterday. She’s at her sister’s, with the drawbridge pulled up.’
‘Oh shit. I’m so sorry.’
‘Don’t be. Not your fault – mine totally.’
She sighs and says, ‘Well yeah, it is. And you are a bloody dickhead, but is there anything I can do?’
‘Not right now. I’ll keep you posted, though.’
‘Okay. Just so long as you’re alright?’
‘I’m alright. I’m only alright, but I am alright, if you get me.’
‘I get you, James.’ Then, after another brief silence, she says, ‘Something else – I won’t keep you on the phone when you’re driving, but I thought I’d let you know there were some customers looking for you first thing this morning.’
‘Oh, yeah? Sorry – I hadn’t realised you were phoning me from work.’
‘Yeah, I’m in today. But business is really quiet. Rudi’s come in on his Sunday off because Princess Twinkle-Toes did two deals yesterday, and now he’s panicking about his place in the league table.” 
I smile grimly at Kate’s bitchy reference to Emma, who, barely three months into the job, is threatening Rudi’s status at the top of the sales team’s leader-board, and is looking a good bet to win the thousand-quid Christmas bonus. ‘So Rudi’s in a flap, is he?’ I say to Kate.
He’s up and down from his chair, in and out of the showroom, but there’s just been no one here, apart from the people I said were asking for you.’
‘And who were they?’
Kate gives a little laugh. ‘They said they were called Ann and Rob. They’re a real comedy act the way she bosses him about. I think I saw them when they were picking up their car the other day, and you were ages showing them the indicators and suchlike. Anyway, I told them you were having the day off – I didn’t say anything about the rest of your life, mind you – and they asked me to let you know they’re very happy with their Astra, and that they’re glad you talked them into it.’
‘That’s good. I’m pleased they like it’
‘And there’s more. They brought you a present. Two presents and a card, in fact.’
‘Two? They said they were getting me something, but it sounds like they’ve really pushed the boat out.’
‘Beautifully wrapped as well. Hand-tied ribbons, labels, the works.’
I slowly weave the Mondeo between two parked cars. I’m less than a minute from home by now. ‘Any idea what it is they’ve got me?’
She laughs again. ‘One of the gifts is very obviously a bottle. So they’ve sussed you out, James, getting you booze.’
‘I could certainly use some at the minute. But what’s the other present?’
There’s a few seconds of quiet, during which I imagine Kate with the phone wedged between her ear and shoulder while she hefts the parcel in her hands. ‘I’m not one hundred percent,’ she says. ‘It’s about the size and shape of a biggish shoe box, but isn’t exactly square at the edges. And it’s too soft and fluffy to be cardboard. It may well be a sweater.’ 
‘I might have bloody guessed,’ I reply, thinking back to Rob’s comedy Christmas jumper. ‘A sweater’s what it’ll be.’
‘Well anyway,’ she says, ‘I’ll put them in a safe place for when you come in tomorrow. Any idea what time you’ll make it?’
‘I suppose that’s really up to Graham, but I thought I’d come mid-morning. I don’t want to turn up first thing – it would be awkward if I got there for the meeting. But I mustn’t leave it all day either. We may as well get it over with.’
‘You’re right about that. Everyone will be sorry to see you go.’ Kate sounds sad when she says that, but then comes across as amused when she adds, ‘Except maybe Carl, of course. Oh, and I’m not sure about Brando, either.’
‘Has anyone heard from the bloke?’ I ask her. I’ve parked up on my drive by now, and I notice that there’s a muddy footprint on my front fucking door of all places – I must have kicked it open last night when I got back with my pizza. ‘Carl, I mean. Do we have any idea how he’s doing?’
‘I haven’t heard anything,’ Kate replies as I reach for my cigarettes and lighter. ‘And I’m not sure whether Graham or Rudi have spoken to him either. I’ll ring Carl in a short while to see if he’s okay.’
‘Was he alright yesterday, after I’d gone?’
‘No,’ she says pointedly, after a short delay. ‘We rolled him into the street still haemorrhaging. He was totally unable to walk or talk due to massive blood loss. The last time I saw, he was twitching in the gutter, like a bird that’s been hit by a car.’
‘Fuck, I’m sorry Kate. You know what I mean.’
She sighs. ‘Yeah, alright, I know what you mean. What happened was Carl walked out of here, got in his car and drove away. The bleeding had stopped, but his shirt was a mess. As will his face be today, I suppose.’
I wind down the window and light a cigarette. Smoking’s prohibited in company vehicles, but they can only sack me the once. I ask Kate, ‘Do you reckon I should go round and see Carl? Try to bury the hatchet?’
‘No, I reckon you bloody well shouldn’t. God knows what will happen if it all kicks off again, what with no Wes or Graham to break things up.’
‘I’m not going to kick off again.’
‘He might, though. You should wait until you’re both here tomorrow before trying to make your peace.’
I blow cigarette smoke through the open window, realising that Kate is right. I confirm to her that I’ll wait until the morning before trying to talk to Carl.
‘And James,’ she says, ‘something else you ought to know. Once Carl piped down about punching you out or calling the police, the next thing he said was that he’d sue you for damages. So be careful what you say to him. He’s a nasty fucker when he wants to be.’
I take a huge drag on my cigarette. ‘Sue me? Seriously? I bung the bloke thirty grand, and now he wants to see me in court?’ 
‘He doesn’t know that the money came from you.’
‘Kate, I’ll make sure he fucking knows it. And I’ll tell him there won’t be any more heading his way. Not a fucking penny.’
Kate sighs, heavily so, and in my mind’s eye I see her tensing up the way she does when she gets frustrated with people. ‘James, just calm down. It was probably all talk anyway – you know Carl’s got a mouth on him even bigger than his belly. But look, if he is considering legal action, it’s much better for you if he doesn’t know where his thirty grand came from. Can you see what I mean by that?’
And now that Kate mentions it, I can see exactly what she means. I reply, ‘You reckon he’s more likely to sue me if he knows I’ve got money.’
‘Precisely. Until all this blows over, it’s better Carl doesn’t know that you’re recently minted.’
‘Yeah, you’re right,’ I tell her. ‘As per usual, you’re the one with your head screwed on. Well look, I won’t tell him if you won’t either.’
She laughs hollowly. ‘You know you can count on me.’
‘Thanks, Missus. I do know I can count on you, but I’ve been doing too much of it just lately.’
‘Don’t worry about it. Buy me a beer sometime.’
‘No problem. That’s a deal.’ I throw my half-smoked ciggie away and wind up the window.
Kate asks, ‘What are you up to today? Tell me you’re not seeing Isabel.’
‘I’m not seeing Isabel.’
‘Seriously?’
‘Seriously, I’m not. I’ve got some work to do, and I’m planning to call on my mum. But after that, unless Charlotte answers my calls or texts, I’m at a loose end.’
‘In which case, you should do something different for a couple of hours. To take your mind off things in general, and away from this hole you’ve dug for yourself.’
She could have a point about that. And my mind casts back to yesterday morning, to the moment when I was driving to work – full of shame about the previous night’s shenanigans – and a gorgeous black Porsche caught my attention by more or less blowing me off the road. I remember thinking that I’d hardly spent any of my winnings on myself, and that maybe it was time I did. ‘Listen up, then,’ I say to Kate. ‘If business is quiet in the showroom, do you reckon Graham would let you out early?’
‘Might do.’ She sounds intrigued, but a little bit wary as well. ‘Why, what are you thinking?’
I lean forward in the Mondeo’s seat, as if I were at my desk and she were sitting opposite. ‘Weird as this sounds, I’m thinking of looking at some cars later on. Maybe you’d like to come with me?’ 
‘Looking at cars?’
‘Yeah, looking at cars. But not just any old cars – you’ll have to wait and see what I mean by that – and I could even buy you that drink afterwards. Maybe a burger as well. Come on Kate, what do you reckon? It’s nearly Christmas, and we’ll have ourselves a laugh.’
Kate’s actually laughing already. ‘My God, James,’ she says. ‘Never let it be said.’
‘Never let what be said?’
‘That you millionaires don’t know how to push the boat out. “Maybe a burger as well,” – that’s really some invite, and you sure know how to tempt a girl. I’ve got to tell you, Mr Rockefeller, I’m sitting here now and I can hardly bloody wait.’
Monday Morning
I’m sitting at the big table in Graham’s office. It’s mid-day and I’m alone, what with Graham having gone into the showroom for a few minutes. The door’s closed, making it quiet in here – spookily quiet, given that the office is normally a high-energy hotbed of hustle and bustle. There’s none of that right now – no banter or argument, no feverish debate about how to get a particular deal done. There’s just me, sitting quietly, with only my memories for company, feeling sad that this is the last time I’ll ever come in here. After today, I won’t get to sit round the big table again.
My eyes sweep the walls, and they’re drawn to where they’ve always been drawn – to Graham’s league table, handwritten on the whiteboard in red and black marker pen. Emma and Rudi are now tied for first place, and for the time being I’m still third, despite my days here being truly done and dusted. Kate, Wes and Marlon are clustered in mid-table, while at the bottom Kev’s just a couple of deals ahead of Carl. Ever since he’s worked here, Kev’s never been much higher than last place, but I may have saved his job for now by leapfrogging him in the race to be fired. I reckon Graham would have terminated Kev’s employment – either on Saturday or maybe first thing this morning – if I hadn’t gone and jumped the queue by punching Carl’s lights out when I did. Graham won’t want to be too understaffed – even at a quiet time of year – and being as he has to let me go, he’ll probably keep Kev on until he can recruit new people in January.
It’s actually because of Kev’s hopelessness that Graham has left me alone in the office. Kev came blundering in, red-faced and panicky, just as Graham and I were finalising the formalities of my leaving. Kev looked at Graham and then he looked at me, knowing he’d picked a bloody awkward moment. When he was slow to open his mouth, Graham sighed and said, ‘Can I help you, Kevin?’
Kev went even redder in the face. ‘Sorry to interrupt,’ he said to Graham. ‘But you know these people I’m with... ’
‘Yes,’ said Graham, with deliberate patience and a bloody big glob of sarcasm. ‘I am aware that you’re with customers right now. You might remember me stacking up a deal for you to show them.’
‘That’s just it,’ blurted Kev. ‘They won’t buy at the price you’ve quoted. They want some money off the car.’
‘I see. Well, people often do. How much are they after?’
Kev looked desperately at me, as if I might be clued into the deal his fucking punters wanted. His face by then was redder than a stoplight. ‘I don’t know,’ he finally said, when I was able to answer with nothing more than a helpless shrug.
‘Right, then,’ said Graham, after a few seconds of quiet, during which his eye twitched a little and he squeezed a biro hard enough to turn his knuckles white. ‘Go and tell your customers that the sales manager will be along to see them in just two minutes. Then sit back down with them, and wait for me to arrive. Is that totally clear?’
Kev looked grateful – grateful and relieved. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘It’s totally clear.’
‘Then go and bloody do it.’ Graham made a brisk shooing motion with his hand. ‘Now, Kevin. Before I have a fucking coronary.’
Once Kev had scurried away, Graham turned slowly to me, his face a mask of amazement and disgust. ‘That’s the difference between you and Kevin,’ he said. ‘You were shit at this job when you started, but we made you into a good salesman. Kevin was also shit at the start, but he’s managed to get even fucking worse. In fact, he’s the king of being shit at selling cars.’ Graham’s eyes widened, and he shook his head in wonder before adding, ‘I want to know why Kevin can’t ask a basic fucking question. I mean, “How much money, Mr Punter, do you want off the car in order to buy it from me?” Fuck’s sake, Jimmy. How hard can it be?’
‘I don’t know, boss. Sometimes it’s easy knowing what to do, but pretty hard to actually do it. Maybe there’s still time for Kev to come good.’ But Graham and I both knew that I was talking bollocks, and that was only because I was trying to be nice. And the look Graham gave me said he’d made his mind up about Kevin. It was only a matter of time.
Graham stood up and stretched. ‘We’re counting down to Christmas,’ he said, ‘and these punters might be the only ones we see all day. But they have to talk to that wet sap rather than Rudi or fucking Emma. Where were those two when they’re supposed to be at each other’s throats to get deals done?’
‘Probably having a smoke,’ I replied, not letting on that I could kill for one myself.
Graham pulled on his jacket and straightened his tie. ‘I’m sorry about this, Jimmy.  I could try coaching Kevin – I could try telling him what to say – but it would get messy and take too long. The silly twat would be in and out of here every two fucking minutes. So I’m just going to go and talk to his people, and get a deal done if there’s any deal to do. That’s the quickest way to handle this. And it’s the fairest on you, because you don’t want to be hanging round here all fucking day.’
Remembering how Graham had rescued Wes’s deal the other day, and how he’d rescued a good few for me when I was new to the game, I told him that was fine, and so off he marched, shoulders back and head up, always the soldier. That was two minutes ago, maybe three.
I take out my phone and reread the text that finally came in from Charlotte, the one that arrived yesterday evening while Kate and I were having a burger after visiting the Porsche garage.
Jimmy,
I’ll come round for my things on Tuesday evening. I’ll have Michelle and Mark with me. Mark is borrowing a van from work so that we’ll only need one trip.
You can say anything you want to say to me after we’ve loaded up the van. But there’s no going back on what you’ve done, and our relationship is definitely over. That’s the end of it, I’m afraid.
I put my phone in my pocket. I’ve got a day-and-a-half to work out what to say to Charlotte when she turns up. Apart from anything else, it’s definitely time for her to learn about my money. She might say our relationship is over, but there are nearly four million reasons why I reckon not.
Then I spot movement through the thin window in the office door. Rudi’s face appears at the glass before withdrawing again. Next second, the door opens and he comes in clutching two coffees from the machine. He’s accompanied by Emma, who’s carrying a third. Briefly, the two of them hover just inside the doorway, for once looking uncertain of themselves.
‘Hey, Jimmy,’ says Emma.
‘We got you some coffee,’ says Rudi.
‘Thanks.’ I try out a smile for size. ‘You can bring it over. What I’ve got isn’t catching.’
They come to the table and ease into some chairs.  Emma’s wearing an even shorter skirt than usual, but her look isn’t too indecent as she also has on some thick woolly tights. Still, though, my eyes are drawn to the manoeuvring of her thighs as she sits herself down, and I manage to catch Rudi stealing a glance as well. I ask them, ‘How’s Graham getting on? You’ve missed out there, letting Kev pick those people up.’
Emma smiles ruefully. ‘We were having a fag,’ she says.
‘Thought as much.’
Rudi adds, ‘We were arguing over who’s going to win the thousand quid. Sorry to say, Emma’s getting deluded with herself.’
I glance at the whiteboard and say to them, ‘It’s a close contest. But it would have been me winning if I hadn’t let the pair of you off the hook like I have.’
‘Yeah,’ scoffs Emma. ‘Like, in your dreams, Jimmy.’
‘Sure you’d have won,’ says Rudi. ‘And the Pope’s got sidelines peddling crack and pimping asylum seekers.’
We all sip some coffee, and then Emma says, ‘So you’re definitely going?’
I reach across to where Graham had been sitting, and pick up the letter I wrote last night. ‘My resignation,’ I tell Emma. ‘Thought I’d save Graham the job of sacking me.’
Her face folds into a frown. ‘I’m really sorry,’ she says. ‘It’s been great working with you, even though it hasn’t been for long.’
‘Same goes for me,’ says Rudi. ‘Even though it’s been fucking ages.’
‘We’ve had some fun,’ I tell them. ‘But don’t shed loads of tears. It’s all my own fault, and if I’m honest I’d been thinking of leaving anyway.’
‘But it’s just such a shame,’ says Emma. ‘That fat prick really had it coming, you know. I think you should get, like, a promotion or something.’
‘That would be funny,’ I reply. ‘Can you imagine it? Carl would be made up about it, wouldn’t he?’ 
Emma and I both laugh. She says, ‘Have you seen him this morning? He looks like a big fat Panda with his two black eyes.’ 
I find myself wincing at that, and I must look ashamed because she immediately adds, ‘Don’t feel bad, Jimmy. Carl’s alright. He’s even more full of himself than before he had his time off.’ 
Meanwhile, Rudi’s been quiet for a few seconds. ‘Jimmy,’ he says, running a finger around the inside of his collar, ‘about what happened on Saturday... ’
I tell him, ‘Rudi, just forget it.’
But he pushes on anyway. ‘I feel guilty,’ he tells me. ‘You asked me to look out for Charlotte, but I let her get past me and into the office.’
I shrug at him. ‘Mate,’ I ask, ‘who’s really the bad guy here? Me for cheating on my girlfriend, or you for not helping me keep it from her?’
Both the and question and its very obvious answer hang heavy in the air, and we all sit quietly with our coffees for what feels like an age. Emma draws breath, but then seems to think better of speaking up, and whatever it was goes unsaid.
In the end, Rudi suggests going for a few beers sometime soon. ‘Jimmy, we should go out and have a drink – a proper night out – whenever you feel like it. Just let us know.’
‘Definitely,’ I say. ‘I spoke to Kate yesterday. I told her I’d come up with some dates and let her know tomorrow, when she and Wes are back from their days off.’
‘Kate?’ queries Emma. ‘You’re arranging it through Kate?’
‘Yes, I am. Kate’s alright. The two of you just need to make an effort to get on.’
Rudi nods in agreement. ‘You and she will be fine,’ he says to her. ‘In the end, you’ll learn to love each other – just like Carl and Jimmy.’
That one raises a small laugh all round. Then I say, ‘I haven’t got anything against Carl. I might not like him especially, but he and I haven’t fallen out – not as such.’
Meanwhile, Graham’s arrived back in the office just in time to hear that last remark. ‘Are you sure, Jimmy?’ he asks. ‘Because I’m not sure Carl would agree with you on that one.’
Emma asks Graham, ‘How are you getting on with Kev’s punters?’
Graham breaks into a grin, and quickly shadow-boxes an imaginary opponent. He bobs and weaves before throwing a left-right combo. After that, he dances some more, and finishes off with a couple of big uppercuts. Then, slightly breathless, he takes off his jacket, and after draping it over the back of a chair he sits himself down.
‘I take it you’ve dealt them up,’ says Rudi.
‘Course I’ve dealt them up,’ replies the boss. ‘Kevin’s taking a deposit as we speak – just so long as he hasn’t made a fuck of that as well.’
Emma gives Rudi a rueful look. ‘That’s one deal we’ve missed out on,’ she says.
‘It’s one you’ve missed out on,’ he replies. ‘I won’t need it to put you in your place.’
‘Well, we’ll see,’ she replies. ‘We’ll see.’ Emma looks and sounds confident, and it appears to me that she has momentum right now. Rudi may be talking a good game, but when I look at his face there’s uncertainty there that I’m not used to seeing. The long-time top dog realises he’s in a fight.
‘Something I do know,’ says Graham, ‘is that neither of you will sell any cars sitting around in here. Right now, you’re both one deal behind fucking Kevin for the day, and that ought to bother the pair of you.’ Graham gestures with his thumb towards the door. ‘Besides which, Jimmy and I have unfinished business.’
The two of them take Graham’s hint and get up to leave. It’s a pity, because now that it’s too late I can think of other things we could have talked about. If anyone knows how Carl’s really doing it will be Rudi, and I’d have liked him to tell me. Also, after all my bloody matchmaking and counselling of Wes, it would have been good to know from Emma how his date with her went. But such stuff will have to wait for now. Rudi says he’ll see me soon. Emma puts a hand on my arm and tells me to take care of myself. Graham makes sure they close the door on their way out.
Then there’s just me and my boss. My soon-to-be ex-boss.
Graham reads my resignation letter once more. And once more I tell him I’m sorry for the grief I’ve caused. He waves my apology away, as if to say it doesn’t matter now. He sounds concerned when he asks, ‘Jimmy, do you know what you’re going to do?’
‘I’ve got one or two ideas.’
‘Because I know places where you can go and work. There are people I can put you in touch with – people who don’t have to know you’d have got the sack if you hadn’t resigned.’
‘I appreciate your help, but –’
‘Some of them wouldn’t care much anyway, about what you’ve gone and done. You could have put Carl in fucking hospital, or even six feet under, just so long as you can sell cars.’
‘Boss,’ I reply, ‘I’m seriously grateful. But I’m not sure I want a job right now. Look, I need to be honest with you – I’m actually thinking of starting up by myself.’
‘In the motor trade?’
‘In the motor trade.’
Graham looks at me doubtfully. ‘Watch yourself,’ he says. ‘This game’s a quick route to losing a big fucking pile of cash. I’ve seen it happen before. I hope you’ve got money to burn.’
I search his face for any clue Kate may have given him that actually, yeah, I have got money to burn. Seeing no such sign, and not wanting to spread word of my wealth in case of Carl finding out, I tell Graham, ‘I’ve got a bit of cash set aside. Again, if I’m honest, I started saving up around about the time I stopped smoking.’
‘Well, be careful,’ he replies. ‘It’s harder to make money at this than you might imagine.’
‘I’m sure I’ll find that out. I’ve just got this feeling, you know? It’s all about proving something to myself.’
Graham folds my resignation letter into three, and slips it into his jacket pocket. ‘Well, I hope it all works out, really I do. But if you change your mind, or it goes tits up, don’t be too proud to say so. Let me know if you ever need a job, and I’ll put the word out.’
I tell him I’ll do just that. I also tell him I’m really grateful for everything he’s ever done for me. 
‘Alright,’ he says. ‘Well, we’re pretty much done then. Is there anything we haven’t covered?’
‘Just one thing.’ I glance out through the window overlooking the pitch and car park, noticing that a big transporter has arrived to collect our old auction cars, a twice-weekly event for which Graham will be required to sign paperwork in just a few moments. ‘How is Carl doing?’ I ask. ‘I mean, how is he really doing?’
Graham looks at his watch and smiles like a bastard. ‘Well, he’s been back at work nearly four hours, and he hasn’t sold a car as yet.’ 
‘Nor has anyone, apart from Kev. And you had to close that deal for him.’
‘Yeah,’ he replies. ‘Fair point. And also in fairness, Carl’s face is a right mess – enough to frighten the punters – so he might struggle to do deals anyway, at least for a day or two. But the weird thing is, he’s really fucking upbeat. Those money problems that were killing him last week? He says he’s got them sorted. Christ knows whether he really has, or how he’s done it, but he seems on top of the world. Maybe he’s robbed a fucking bank or something.’
I straighten the tie that I put on with a good suit this morning – I was keen to look smart for my farewell appearance – and I ask, ‘Boss, has Carl said anything about suing me?’
‘Not to me, he hasn’t. And if I were you I wouldn’t worry too much about it happening. If he was going to sue, he’d sue the firm, because unless you’ve won the lottery, the firm’s much richer than you.’
Again, I study Graham’s face for any signs of deliberate irony. ‘I suppose you’re right,’ I eventually reply. ‘Do you reckon Carl might do that? Sue the firm, I mean?’
‘Doubt it,’ he says, that bad-ass smile growing bigger and grimmer. ‘I’ve known Carl a long, long time, and I’ve got plenty of dirt on the bloke. There are things I know about him that he wouldn’t want me telling his missus – things I might just threaten to tell her if he starts talking solicitors and damages.’ Graham stretches in his chair, and gives me a knowing look. ‘I take it you catch my drift, Jimmy.’
I tell him I catch his drift. Then I ask, ‘Do you reckon I could see him before I go?’
Graham immediately replies, ‘I don’t think that’s a good idea.’
‘What if I promise not to hit him again?’
‘What if the fucker goes and hits you?’
‘There’s no chance of that.’ I mimic the bob-and-weave Graham performed for Emma’s benefit. ‘Carl’s way overweight and far too slow.’
He sits and thinks for a few seconds. Then he says, ‘I’ll go and ask whether our friend is up to meeting you while I’m attending to the auction paperwork.’
‘I really appreciate it.’
‘But you’ll have me to answer to if it kicks off again. And I don’t mean me your boss – because I’m not that as of now – I mean me personally, an all-round nasty fucker who’d feed his grandma to the pigs if it moved him forward in the world. Are you still catching my drift, Jimmy?’
Once he’s satisfied that, yeah, I’m still catching his drift, Graham goes off to track down Carl. Again, I’m left with the door closed for a good long while, and once more I take out my phone and go to my texts, this time to double check when I’m due round at Isabel’s. As I thought, I’m supposed to be there for two to half-past, having previously asked her if I could bring things forward from this evening on the grounds that I’m “not working today” – a half-truth if ever there was one, and one that came easier than admitting by text that I had lost my job.
Still alone in the office, I check the time before putting my phone away. It’s not long gone noon, and I should easily make Isabel’s by two o’ clock, which means I ought to be finished there well before the evening rolls along. So next I text my mum, apologising for not seeing her at the weekend, and asking if I can call round tonight.
When the office door does reopen, it’s not Graham who walks in but Carl.
He stands a few paces away and folds his arms across his chest. He looks like a nightclub bouncer gone badly to seed. His suit jacket is far too tight what with all the weight he’s put on, and his shirt collar is likewise a size or two on the small side. But today they’re the least of his issues. Even from here I can see that his face is badly swollen. His nose is all puffed up, and Emma wasn’t joking about the heavy bruising under his eyes. Fuck me – to think I’m responsible for the poor bloke looking like this.
I hold up my punching hand and attempt a joke. ‘For what it’s worth, Carl, my knuckles really hurt when I try to make a fist.’ 
Carl just stands there. He says, ‘What is it that you want?’
I try to keep it friendly, at least for now. I tell him, ‘Thanks for agreeing to see me. I might have reacted differently if our positions were reversed.’
Carl’s mouth curls into a nasty sneer. ‘I don’t mind seeing you,’ he says. ‘I’m not fucking frightened, you know.’
‘And I never said you were.’
He comes closer. He faces me across the big table and rests his arms on the back of a chair. He asks, ‘Cooter, is there a point to all of this? Because you’ve got a funny fucking way of apologising, that’s all I can say.’
I shrug lazily at him. ‘Carl, you’ve got the wrong idea if you thought I wanted to apologise.’
‘What then?’ he asks, his puffy eyes widening in surprise. ‘You ought to apologise. What’s all this about if you’re not saying sorry?’
‘It’s about twenty-nine thousand, five hundred pounds.’
Realisation not only dawns on Carl, it grabs hold of him and gives him a good, hard shake. ‘It was you,’ he says, as shock and recognition settle fleetingly on his punched-out face, before they’re chased away by an expression of outright wariness – the kind of wariness that local yokels in remote country pubs reserve for visiting posh boys with flashy suits and flashier motors. ‘Bloody hell – it was fucking you.’
‘You’re right,’ I agree. ‘It was fucking me.’
‘But... what? How the fuck... ’ Carl steps away from the table and puts his hands to his temples. ‘Hang on – I just don’t get it.’
‘I’d be surprised if you did, but look, I’ll tell you how it is.’ I speak to him briskly, in the manner of someone cutting a long story short, hoping that by my being curt he won’t recognise that I’m not telling the truth. ‘I have a wealthy friend, Carl. He believes in charity, and in helping people out. You told Graham about your problems; Graham told us – that’s me, Kate and Rudi, in case you’re wondering. I then told my friend. He and I decided to do something to help you. He supplied the money. I posted it through your door.’
‘Petridis,’ says Carl, slowly. ‘That night you were in our street, visiting old Petridis... ’
‘I’m surprised you can remember, the fucking state you’d got yourself into. And it was actually the next night before you got the money, or rather your missus did. Anyway, listen up Carl, because there are three things you really need to understand.’
He looks at me, still seemingly bewildered. ‘Are you listening, Carl?’ I ask him. ‘Three things, I said.’
‘Three things,’ he echoes. ‘I’m listening to you.’
‘Number one, then. You’ve had all the money there is. There are lots of people needing my friend’s charity, and you aren’t getting any more of it.’
His brow is furrowed. I reckon he’s at least trying to focus on what I’m saying. ‘Sure,’ he eventually replies. ‘There’s no more money – I understand that.’
‘Glad to hear it. Number two is that I didn’t do this for your benefit. Your son Sammy seems a good kid, and I wanted him to have a better future than the one you could give him a week ago.’
Just for a second, he rears up and looks ready to take umbrage. But his aggression doesn’t last when I meet his stare head on. Having stepped away from the table, he comes back and leans his arms on the chair. He bows his head and speaks quietly. ‘Alright, Jimmy. I get that too.’
‘Good,’ I tell him. ‘And that just leaves us with the third thing.’
He looks up and briefly meets my eye. ‘Alright,’ he says, ‘so what is it?’
‘The fucking gambling has to stop – whether you stop by yourself, or you get yourself some help. Either way, Carl, you’ve got to knock this on the head, or you’ll end up back at square one. And like I said, there are no more handouts coming your way.’
‘I get it,’ he says.
‘You’ve already had one luckier break than most twats get.’
‘I know.’
‘How did you suppose I felt when I got you all that money and then you showed me the shit you still had on your phone?’
‘I understand, Jimmy. You must have felt bad.’
‘Bad? It’s no wonder you ended with a whack in the face. Can you fucking see that?’
Carl stands up straight and folds his arms. He looks tortured by now. ‘Of course I can see that,’ he says. ‘I can’t believe you’ve done this for me. I just don’t know what to say.’
I get up from the table. I take out my keys and begin separating the Mondeo’s key the rest of the bunch. ‘You can say thanks if you like. You can tell me that you’ll use the money to square off your debts, and that you won’t be gambling any more.’
‘We’re already sorting the debts,’ he says, drifting away to a corner of the office. ‘The missus insisted. And yeah, I’ll do something about the gambling.’
‘That’s cool, then.’ I make my way to the door, moving slowly because I’ve been sitting down for ages and my knee’s gone really stiff. ‘In which case, I’ll give Graham back the key to my car, and then get the fuck out of here.’
‘Jimmy,’ he says, clearing his throat, ‘what if I spoke to Graham about you keeping your job?’
‘No, fellah,’ I tell him. ‘What’s done is done. And besides, I was going to leave anyway, so it’s no big deal.’ 
Then I stop at the door. ‘But Carl, two more things, now that I think about it.’
He leans against the wall and scratches his head with one hand, still seemingly unable to take in what he’s just found out. ‘Sure, Jimmy. What are they?’
‘Firstly, this thing I’ve done for you is our little secret.’
‘No problem,’ he says. ‘I don’t want it broadcasting, either. What’s the other thing?’
I look out at the showroom through the thin strip of window in the door. Graham, having dealt with the auction paperwork, is hovering close by, nattering with Rudi, ready to bolt back in here the second he hears any aggro. I nod at him to say that everything’s okay, and he gives me a little nod back.
I turn back to the man I punched out two days ago. ‘The other thing, Carl? Only that I might never see you again once I’ve gone from here. But if we do meet, and you happen to call me Cooter, you’ll be in deepest fucking shit. Because I’ll be hitting you again, only twice as fucking hard. Have a think about that one, Carl, and then tell me you’re catching my drift.’
Monday Afternoon
Graham offers to sort me out with a lift home. I thank him for the offer, but I also turn it down, claiming that a walk will help me clear my head. He looks at me sceptically and asks whether I’m sure about that, what with me limping like a geriatric and needing to carry the Christmas presents Ann and Rob left for me. I tell Graham I’m sure, and add that my knee will benefit from the exercise. (The other good thing about walking is that I can have myself a smoke, but I don’t let on to him about my renewed habit.)
It takes me fifteen minutes to part walk and part limp from the showroom to the car hire depot. There I collect the Golf I booked online before leaving the house this morning. It’s mine for the next seven days, and there’s a big sticker on the dashboard telling me I mustn’t smoke or I’ll be executed at dawn and my loved ones carried off into slavery.
It takes another fifteen minutes to drive home, and then a few more to eat a bowl of cereal and smoke my next cigarette. After retrieving Isabel’s hair-dressing trophy from my desk drawer on the top floor of the house, I almost forget the Christmas present I’ve bought for her little lad, Oscar, but finally remember it on my way out the door, adding it hurriedly to the carrier bag holding the trophy. Then, on my way to her place, I stop and buy Isabel some flowers. Lilacs and chrysanthemums – they look great if I’m any judge, and so I also get a second bunch to take round to my mum’s later on today.
Don’t be an arsehole – that’s what Isabel’s text said. I wonder whether getting flowers was a nice thing to do, or whether buying them makes me an arsehole, especially as any vases she owns are probably packed away in one of those many cardboard boxes, prior to her moving house.
Isabel opens the door in the get up of thick jumper and bobble hat which she was wearing when I first called round here, and which suggests to me that the heating is again switched off. The look she reserves for me and my flowers is also pretty cool. It’s only when we’ve made it to the kitchen that she manages a half smile – and that comes when I take out the gift wrapped parcel and the battered old trophy. The parcel, I point out, is Oscar’s Christmas present; the trophy, as she knows, is hers. I tell her I’m sorry I haven’t polished it.
She thanks me, but says I’m too generous and shouldn’t have bought the flowers. She switches on the kettle, and then goes alone to the lounge in order to check on Oscar. She comes back after a minute, and starts making coffee. When I ask how Oscar’s doing, she says he’s fine, but that’s all the information she offers.
Isabel makes coffee and slides it across to me. I thank her. She says I’m welcome. I tell her I’m doing my best not to be an arsehole, and when she doesn’t reply I ask how I’m measuring up against that objective.
Isabel gives me a sideways glance. ‘Today, Jimmy, you’re doing just fine. The past few days? World-class wanker, just like Lee.’
I wince that she brackets me with Oscar’s absent and shit-headed father, but then again I don’t suppose that I can legitimately complain, not given my grubby behaviour of recent days. And so I choose not to argue the point. ‘Okay,’ I reply, holding up my hands. ‘I suppose I asked for that.’
‘You certainly did.’ Like Carl earlier, she folds her arms and looks at me from the distance of a few paces. She asks a similar question too. ‘Why have you come round here, Jimmy? I’d have said no when you asked, only you did get my car fixed for me, so I figured I owed you something.’
I take a deep breath while I work out where to start. ‘Alright Iz, well like you said, I’ve behaved really badly.’
‘I said world-class wanker.’
‘World-class wanker, then. I just wanted the chance to explain. I didn’t want to leave things as they were.’
Isabel walks slowly from one side of the kitchen to the other, seeming to gather her thoughts. Then she props herself against a cupboard and asks, ‘What exactly did you want to explain?’ She checks off her grievances on the fingers of one hand, just like she checked off her unpaid utility bills the first time I came round here. ‘Did you want to tell me why you got in touch in the first place? Or to explain why you then you came round here, without my trophy, acting like some kind of stalker? What about letting me to seduce you, and then running away to hide? Thanks for that, by the way. You made me feel really great.’
‘Iz, I –’
‘Or what was the other thing?’ she asks, sounding more-and-more incredulous. ‘Oh yeah, you beating up a colleague in the showroom at work. That was one smart move, Jimmy – I’ve got to hand it to you.’
‘Iz, I’ve won the lottery.’
‘All the years we were together, and I never saw you hit anyone – not the way you hit him, anyway. Just look at the state of your hand, will you?’
‘I know all about my hand.’ I take a step towards her. ‘I said I’ve won the bloody lottery.’
‘And?’ she replies, taking an equivalent step away and refolding her arms. ‘So what if you have? Does it give you some sort of licence to go around twatting people in the face?’
I don’t say anything. I just stand and look at her. For a long minute, she stands and looks back at me. Slowly, very slowly, her anger begins to drain away. Isabel’s face softens, and some of the tension falls from her shoulders.
Eventually I say, ‘That’s better. You looked stupid, anyway, trying to be furious in a multi-coloured bobble hat.’
Quietly, she says, ‘You have, haven’t you? You’ve really won the actual lottery.’
‘I have – it’s true. Nearly four million quid.’
‘I’ve never even seen you play.’
‘Well, I only played the once, Iz. That bloke Carl – the one you saw me twatting in the face – he sort of put me up to it.’
‘Before or after you twatted him in the face?’
‘Before.’
‘Fuck’s sake. And that’s how you repaid him?’
‘Sort of. But he has had thirty grand out of me too.’
Isabel lets out a long sigh, and then shakes her head as if she can’t believe what she’s hearing. She switches the kettle back on and tells me she’ll make more coffee. She says that once it’s made we’ll go through to the lounge. She adds that we’ll take Oscar’s present – although he can’t open it until Christmas – and then we’ll sit down and I can explain myself properly. She spoons coffee granules into clean mugs and asks, ‘You do want to talk about this, don’t you, Jimmy? That’s why you’re here, yeah?’ 
‘It would be great if you’d let me,’ I tell her. ‘Just so long as you’re willing to listen.’
She turns those blue eyes on me, cold and armour-piercing. She says, ‘Part of me thinks fuck you, Jimmy Harris. Fuck you, and fuck off. But then again, I never got an explanation out of Lee, and I realise I hate him for that. I don’t want to hate you too, so yeah, alright – I’ll listen for a while. Until you start boring me, anyway.’
‘Thanks Iz,’ I reply. ‘And throw me out the door when you get bored.’
Isabel reaches into a cupboard and produces the same glass ashtray she brought out a couple or so days ago. ‘Here,’ she says. ‘You’re not allowed to smoke around Oscar, but you can have one in here before you go through.’
‘Didn’t I tell you I’d stopped?’
She flashes me a look that’s full of contempt. ‘That’s exactly what you told me. But I can tell you were either lying or you’ve started again. The smell’s all over you, you whiffy bastard.’
And so, feeling ashamed, I smoke a cigarette, although I insist on doing it outside in the garden. When I come back indoors, Isabel has found a packet of mints which she tells me are probably out of date. I crunch on a couple, anyway, because I’m feeling self conscious about the smell of my breath. Eventually we head on in to the lounge, where things are tidier than they were last week, with more stuff packed away for the big forthcoming house move. Some things don’t change, though. Oscar’s still in his pen, still cute, still making a noise. Again, his mum lets him out and gives him the run of the room, once more perching herself on the beanbag by the fire to keep him out of harm’s way. I sit on the floor as well, nursing my coffee, with my back against the sofa, trying to ignore the pain in my knee.
I tell Isabel pretty much everything. I tell her how I came to buy a lottery ticket in the first place, and how long it took me to find out that I’d won. I own up to the weeks of agonising over Charlotte, tearing myself apart about whether to leave the girl or stay with her. I also explain that I’ve been just as torn about finally starting a business now that I’ve gone and got myself rich. 
Then I go on to tell Isabel exactly why I made contact with her. I admit that I’d been thinking of phoning almost from the time I found out I’d won the money – “you left me for Lee because he was rich, and then I suddenly found myself rich as well, so it just sort of made sense” – and that unearthing her old hairdressing trophy gave me the perfect excuse to look her up. The hardest part is when I come clean and tell her that I’ve since realised I want to stay with Charlotte, effectively admitting that I was wrong to have got back in touch. Wrong to have phoned, wrong to have called round. Certainly wrong to have fucked her on the kitchen floor when I’d already decided we didn’t have a future together.
Once I’ve got that far, I just sit and look at her face, hoping she’ll see from mine face just how sorry I am. I know that last bit will have hurt her, but I reckon she’d rather me tell the whole truth than make some clumsy attempt to sugar-coat the message. When she doesn’t reply, I say, ‘I’m sorry, Iz. Really I am. You’re still the fittest bird I’ve ever met.’
Isabel, who’d been quiet throughout most of my story – only interrupting to order Oscar away from the hi-fi – sits very still, and takes a good long look at me. Then she shrugs and sighs, and having taken off her bobble hat, spends a long few seconds appearing to examine its woollen threads. ‘Well,’ she finally says, ‘as I said earlier, at least I got my car fixed.’
It’s a glib reply, one that saves her the bother of getting upset with me or letting me know what she really thinks. But when she adds, ‘And besides, Oscar got himself a Christmas present, so it’s not all bad,’ her voice falters just enough to tell me how she’s really feeling.
I hate myself that it’s come to this, and I tell her I won’t mind if she hates me too.
‘I don’t hate you, Jimmy.’ She dabs at her eyes with the back of her sleeve. ‘Fault on both sides, remember? There’s always fault on both sides.’ She reaches over, picks up Oscar, and bounces him gently on her lap. ‘And anyway,’ she adds, ‘I’ve had a lot of shit to put up with in the past year, and this isn’t the worst of it. Not by any means. I’ll deal with it, super-fast.’
I’m briefly lost for something to say. But then I watch her playing with Oscar and I remember the info I found on the web this morning, the stuff I looked up after I’d finished booking my hire car. ‘Did you know,’ I say to her, ‘that the odds of winning the lottery are worse than one in fourteen million? But that the odds of getting pregnant, even when you’re on the pill, are as high as one in a thousand? In spite of that, I’d still say you got the bigger miracle.’
Isabel glances at Oscar as he fidgets in her lap. Then she gives me a hard look. ‘Jimmy, I’d hate to be you,’ she says. ‘You’re such a fucking twat sometimes.’
I can only laugh at that, and when she joins in, albeit haltingly, Oscar does too. Isabel says, ‘So, is everything good with you and this Charlotte? Is she happy being shacked up with a millionaire?’
That’s when I realise there’s a bloody big hole in my concept of telling Iz everything, and so I sketch in the chunk of story I’ve missed out so far. I tell Isabel that Charlotte doesn’t yet know about the money, and that she was there at the showroom on Saturday morning. I go on to explain about her storming out, and how that led to me punching Carl. I admit that I’m now unemployed, and that I haven’t seen Charlotte since the weekend’s catastrophe. Finally, I describe my plans to talk her round when she comes for her stuff tomorrow.
When I’ve finished, Isabel heaves out a sigh and says, ‘So Charlotte knows what we got up to when you came here the other night?’
‘Not in great detail, but yeah, she does. I’m sorry. Is that a problem?’
‘Not for me. But it sounds like you’re in deep shit.’
‘You could say that.’
Isabel puts Oscar down and kisses the top of his head. She asks me, ‘Is there anything I can do? I mean, would it help if I tried talking to her?’
‘You’d really do that?’
‘If you wanted. I’m not sure it would help, but I’d be happy to try.’
‘I don’t know if it would help either, but thanks for the offer – I really mean that, seriously. Can I try talking to her first, and get back to you if needs be?’
She throws up her hands. ‘That’s fine,’ she says. ‘Whatever.’
Meanwhile, Oscar has crawled to his pen. He’s trying to pull one of the rubber bricks out through the bars, but they’re too big to fit through the gap. I get halfway to my feet, trying to ignore the pain in my knee, and I say to him, ‘Let me help you, big guy.’ Then I reach into the pen for a brick, but I wait for the nod from Isabel before I hand it over. She says it’s okay, and so I pass it to Oscar. He snatches it with a delighted shriek, and then hurls it at the TV.
I expect Isabel to monster him for that, but by now she isn’t in the mood. She looks at him indulgently, and all she says is, ‘He loves his bricks.’ Then, as I arrange myself back on the floor, she reaches out and picks up the parcel I’ve brought for the kid. ‘I’m wondering what you’ve got for him in here. It’s pretty heavy for the size.’
By now, I’m actually having second thoughts about my choice of Oscar’s present. It’s a toy Porsche I picked up at the dealer’s yesterday, and in my imagination I can see him picking it up and throwing it at the telly in the same way he just chucked that rubber brick. ‘He may need to be older before he appreciates it,’ I tell Isabel. ‘In fact, I might just get him something different altogether.’
She laughs and says, ‘It’s not pornographic, is it?’
‘Even I wouldn’t be that stupid.’
‘You’re sure about that? Your life sounds mental right now.’
‘My life is mental, but no, there’s nothing pornographic about Oscar’s present.’ I smile at her thinly and she responds in kind. I reckon we’re both putting on a brave face, but this is working out as well as I’d dared hope.
We spend a few seconds watching Oscar bat his brick round the room. He loses it behind the TV and Isabel stretches to get it back for him. Once he’s batting it again, I look at my watch and tell Iz I should be going. She looks at hers and says, ‘You’re right about that.’
‘Only, before I go... ’
‘Hmmm... ’
‘Well, there’s something I’d like to discuss with you. But it’s a sensitive subject.’
‘Never used to stop you.’ 
‘True. In which case, can I please talk to you about money?’
I’d been expecting reluctance and false pride, but Isabel straightens up, rearranges the beanbag and looks at me expectantly. ‘Yeah,’ she says. ‘Go ahead and talk.’
‘Alright, then. Well, I won’t mess about. When it comes to the readies, you haven’t got any and I’ve got loads of it. I think you should let me give you some.’
‘Give me some money?’
‘That’s right. I thought I could help you out with your housing and some of your other costs. And as you said you were going back to cutting hair, maybe I could set you up with your own salon.’
‘That’d be brilliant of you,’ she says, shaking loose her hair which spooled out when she removed the bobble hat.
‘No problem at all. Happy to do it.’
 She reaches into her pocket and produces a hair band. ‘Only it wouldn’t be right, Jimmy.’
‘Why not?’
‘Because it’s your money, that’s why.’
‘No, but come on, Iz.’
‘No, you come on, Mister Moneybags. I don’t want to be a charity case if I can help it. I’m already bothered that you fixed my car for free and then bought Oscar a Christmas present. But when you start talking about tens of thousands of pounds, I have to draw a line. Sorry Jimmy, I can’t just let you hand over that sort of money.’
I sit and literally scratch my head. ‘Well, why can’t you?’ I ask ‘Especially when –’
‘But I’d be happy with a loan, if the offer’s there.’
‘A loan?’
‘Yeah, you know – you lend me some money and I pay it back. With interest, if you like.’
‘Iz, are you serious?’
‘Why wouldn’t I be?’ Her deep blue eyes hold mine in their gaze and send a message that she’s very serious indeed. ‘Or Jimmy, how about this for an idea: we start a business as equal partners. You put in the money and I put in the work. We split the rewards down the middle.’
I’m a bit stunned, but in a good way. Maybe I should have expected something like this. 
She leans back against the beanbag, a big grin breaking out on her face. ‘So, what do you think? Good idea, yeah?’
‘I think it’s a great idea. I’ve never seen myself in the hairdressing business, but why not? Let’s go do it.’
‘Whoa, hang on,’ she says, wagging a finger at me. ‘I need to stop you there. You’re the one who said salon. I only talked about starting a business. Sorry, but I don’t want to be cutting hair forever, even if I have got a trophy to say how good I am.’
‘Not cutting hair?’ I flex my knee because it’s starting to throb. ‘What sort of business have you got in mind?’
‘I’d like to start up a nursery and children’s play area. People pay fortunes when they find a decent one. And I am good with kids, don’t you reckon?’
I look at Oscar crawling happily around, and I look at the excitement on Isabel’s face. ‘I reckon you are,’ I tell her. ‘You’re very good with kids. How long have you been thinking about all of this?’
‘Since Oscar was a couple of months old. But thinking’s all I’ve done. A nursery needs money, and I haven’t had any.’
‘Well you have now,’ I tell her. ‘We should sit down and make plans.’
‘Well, when exactly can we do that?’ she asks. ‘We’re sitting down already, aren’t we?’
I check my watch again. I missed seeing my mum yesterday evening because I took Kate for a burger after we’d been to the Porsche dealership. I’m determined not to let her down today, but I reckon it’s okay to stay here a while because there’s still plenty of time. ‘Let me have a smoke,’ I say to Isabel, getting slowly to my feet. ‘Then we’ll sit back down and talk. I’d love another coffee, Missus, if that’s not too much to ask.’
I reckon Isabel’s latest smile could actually light up the world. “No problem,’ she says. ‘Coming right up.’
Super Tuesday
The next day starts early for me. I wake a little before six, and spend just a few minutes listening to the news headlines on the radio before I get up and into my dressing gown. Charlotte will be here in roughly twelve hours’ time, along with Michelle and Mark in a scruffy old van. I need to be ready for them and I’m determined I will be.
I head for the kitchen, turning on lights as I go and narrowing my eyes against the glare. Three days on from falling over while pissed, my knee still hurts when I go down the stairs, and l spend a few minutes examining it once I’ve got the kettle filled up and switched on. The actual wound is scabbing over just fine, but the surrounding tissue is still bruised and swollen, and I’m in pain whenever I flex the joint. My hand, too, is purple with bruising, and I realise it won’t look attractive to Charlotte when she gets here. Resolving to buy a protective dressing before she arrives, I make myself a brew and take two ibuprofen, before digging out my cigarettes and lighter. Then I open the back door and stand there with my coat on over my dressing gown while I have a coffee and a smoke.
It’s a chilly morning, but not a freezing cold one, and I leave the door open while I make another mug of coffee. This time I have it with toast and jam, after which I return to the doorway and smoke a second cigarette. While I’m standing and thinking – reminding myself of everything I need to do today – the battle-scarred cat that lives down the road startles me when he slinks out of the dark and mewls at me like he wants to come in. I block him with my leg, but don’t have it in me to scare the little fellah away, and once my cigarette is finished I apologise to him while closing the door in his face. I need to go and get showered now, but first I pick up and glance at the book Isabel gave me when I was leaving her house yesterday.
It’s a slim little volume called The Easy Way to Stop Smoking, written by a bloke called Allen Carr. To find it, Isabel had to open three of the cardboard boxes piled up in her hallway, and I must have appeared cynical when she handed it over. ‘Just take it,’ she said. ‘I’m not expecting you to read the thing, at least not at the minute.’
‘You’re handing me a book that you don’t expect me to read? What am I supposed to do with it?’
‘For now, just keep it around. You haven’t been smoking again for very long, so you won’t be ready for another go at giving up. But the time will come when you are – when you realise you’ve got a cough, or that you smell, or that cigarettes are too expensive, even for millionaires. When that happens, just read the bloody book.’
‘And I’ll stop? Just like that?’
‘Hard to believe, I know. But it worked for me and I was really stressed at the time – I’d just discovered I was pregnant with the child of a complete arsehole.’ Isabel shrugged her shoulders, before opening the door for me to leave. ‘Like I said, Jimmy, just keep it around.’
Standing in my kitchen, I turn the book over in my hands, reading the testaments on the back. People seem to think The Easy Way to Stop Smoking is the real deal, and from the way its pages are thumbed I can tell that Isabel’s read the whole thing through. Maybe she’s right – maybe it could be useful to me, but definitely not today. I’ve got to get ready for the missus turning up.
After dragging myself upstairs, I shave, shower and get dressed quickly, and not long after seven I’m out in the car, heading for the supermarket to stock up on food. Once the shopping is bought and paid for, I have a man-size breakfast in the cafe and a couple of cigarettes in the car park. Then I come back inside to the pharmacy, where I buy a dressing for my hand and ask for the strongest painkiller I can have without prescription. I end up with some soluble tablets combining paracetamol and codeine, along with a firm warning that they may serve to make me drowsy.
Back home, I get stuck into the housework. I tidy everywhere up, and then I dust and vacuum. I put the rubbish out and mop the kitchen floor. Next, I take a quick break (for coffee and smokes of course) before getting stuck into the bathrooms, and once they’re sparkling clean I make my way outside to wash the ground floor windows and sills. (While I’m about it, I wipe away the footprint I made on the front door while I was pissed up on Saturday.) Finally, to finish off, I come back inside and head upstairs to the bedroom, where I get the sheets changed on the bed. By the time I’ve finished, the time has turned midday and all this work is causing me pain. Moving around has actually loosened up my knee, but the gripping and scrubbing I’ve been doing has left my hand aching badly. And so, after eating some cereal and smoking a ciggie, I take two of my new painkillers. For good measure, I pop a couple more ibuprofen with them, not certain whether I’m supposed to do that or not. I find I’m feeling drowsy soon afterwards, just as I was warned, and I take myself upstairs for a lie down.
I open my eyes again a few minutes before three. I feel refreshed, and I’m in the least amount of pain since before the weekend’s catastrophes. Also, the weather’s doing its best to get in on the act, with December’s low sun poking itself a little peephole through the silver-grey clouds. Acting on impulse, I hurry downstairs for coffee and smokes in the garden. I want to make the most of the sunshine because it will be dark within an hour.
As things turn out, the sun slinks away before I’ve finished my first cigarette. I smoke a second one anyway – shivering on the patio and finishing my coffee – before heading back indoors to do some work. I want to build on Sunday’s small start made to launching my new business – I reckon it’s the best way I have of getting into a positive frame of mind for when Charlotte rocks up this evening. 
Firstly, though, I check my phone. It’s seen incoming action while I’ve been snoozing – I’ve missed three texts and two calls. The first text is from Isabel. She says she’s had a go at drafting a proper business plan for her childcare project and has emailed it to me. She asks if I’d take a look when I’ve got a minute, and then wishes me good luck for when Charlotte gets here.
The second text is from Kate. She says Rudi’s asked her whether I’ve come up with any dates for a night out. Could I please let her know, and thanks again for the burger on Sunday. It made her laugh that I nearly bought a Porsche, of all the crazy things.
Finally, my mum has texted too. She says the flowers are lovely, and although she still can’t believe I’m a millionaire, she’s sure I deserve it.
I knock out a few quick replies. I tell Iz that I’ll look at the plan later, and I ask Kate for twenty-four hours to come up with a date. I text my mum back to say she’s welcome to the flowers, and sorry it was so late before I called round there last night.
Then I check my missed calls. The first is from a number I don’t quite recognise, and when I listen to my voicemails I realise it’s Nathan Fortescue-Edwards, my very posh banker. He reminds me that I agreed to a meeting on Thursday, and says he’s looking forward to seeing me. Then he clears his throat to say he hopes I made “wise use of the thirty-thousand sterling, procured in cash”, and trusts that I won’t need anything similar for a while.
The other missed call is from my best mate, Ash. In his voicemail, he says he’s “just saying hello, mate” because he feels bad about pulling out of the business, and he hopes I’m alright with everything. Like Kate, he also asks when we can get together for a beer. Fuck me – it’s only three days since I saw him last, but it feels like three years what with everything that’s happened since he left the showroom on Saturday. I don’t want to be getting into a big chat with him right now, and so I reply by text. I tell him I’m busy at the minute, but he’s still my best mate and we can have a beer later in the week.
Before finally starting work, I make yet more coffee and take it into the garden to have with another cigarette. It’s getting well and truly dark by now, and I realise that it’s one week to the day, and pretty much to the hour, since Ann and Rob were with me at the showroom, deliberating over whether to buy the Astra. I remember watching as Rob drew deeply on his cigarette when the two of them went outside, and I also remember being glad at the time that I didn’t need to smoke anymore. And yet here I am now, back in the nicotine prison, and that realisation makes me think some more about the promise I made – both to myself and any god willing to strike a bargain – that I’d quit the smokes again if only Charlotte would come back to me. Promises and pacts are all very well, but when I ask myself how easily I could stop at the minute, the answer proves a tough one: it would be murder given how much I’m smoking and how greedily I’m devouring every cigarette. I suppose, anyway, that it’s a bridge for crossing when I come to it – maybe with the help of Isabel’s book – because for now I need to go in and get on with my work. 
Once back indoors, I bring the laptop, printer and files down from my den to the kitchen. It takes three trips up and down two flights of stairs, but although my knee’s killing me by the third time around, I don’t mind the pain because appearances could matter a great deal this evening. It’s just not enough that I’ll be working hard when Charlotte arrives – it’s just as important that she actually sees what I’m doing, and that’s why I get busy assembling a makeshift office on the kitchen table. Once it’s all in place, I switch on my laptop, and while I’m waiting for it to boot up, I send Charlie a text asking what time she’s coming round. Her reply comes in within a minute. She says between six and half-past. I text back again to say that’s fine.
That gives me a couple of hours, or thereabouts, to start getting stuff done. I pull the laptop closer and open up its browser. Then I look across the room, at the faces in the photos on the cork board. I smile at the fuckers and ask them to wish me luck. Without waiting for a reply, I make a start on the things I need to do.
Firstly, getting out my credit card, I go to the official Companies House website. I do so in order to register my new business as a limited company. I call it James Michael Harris Car Sales Ltd, and I register it here at my home address. Once that’s finished, I apply for trading accounts with three online car auctioneers. Two of my applications are accepted almost immediately, and so next I book myself in at a virtual auction which is taking place on Friday – that way I can start to buy cars.
I sit back and take a breather. So far, so good. 
Ignoring the urge for another cigarette, I pick up the phone to the slick, sharp bloke at the property company – the one who showed me round some premises during last week. I tell him I’m still interested in the premises, but that I’ve seen others which are cheaper, and I ask whether his client can reduce by a hundred per month. He tells me he’ll ask them the question, but I can tell from his tone that he’s surprised even to hear from me. Being as he’s chased me just the once since last Thursday, I reckon he must have thought I wasn’t all that serious. (The Porsche salesman made a similar mistake on Sunday, and it cost the bloke big time. Treat me like a tyre kicker, and guess what? I’ll kick your tyres and fuck off without buying.)
My slick, sharp friend says he’ll get back to me. I tell him to make it this afternoon if he can, because I’m all ready to rock ’n’ roll. Then, with the phone call over, I start to think about a trading name for the business. I can hardly put James Michael Harris Car Sales Ltd above the door – I’d need a huge fucking sign for one thing, and anyway the name is as elegant as a landslide of rocks. Mentally, I play around with the initials J, M, H, C and S, but nothing comes of that, and I realise now that it might have helped if there’d been a vowel or two in the mix. Next up, I consider the name Jimmy’s Car Sales, but it sounds too back-street for me, and for a while I’m left scratching my head and doodling on a scrap of paper.
The slick, sharp bloke phones me back.  He tells me his client won’t come down by a hundred per month, but will offer an eighty pound reduction if I’ll commit to a two year lease rather than just the one.  I tell him eighteen months and he’s got a deal. He says he’ll have to get back to me again, but he sounds uppity about the whole business, as if everything’s just too much trouble for him to be bothered with. I bite my tongue and tell him I’ll await his next call, but I’m getting fed up with the bloke by this stage. If I wasn’t in a hurry to get moving, I’d start looking elsewhere while telling him to fuck off. 
Feeling irritated, I take myself outside for a cigarette. It’s cold as well as dark by now, and I fasten my old leather coat right up to the top. While I’m pacing the patio and smoking, I get to thinking again about the failure of both the Porsche salesman and the slick, sharp bloke to treat me properly. I promise myself that my firm will be more professional than that. I won’t dismiss anyone as a timewaster until their behaviour leaves me no choice. 
And with that thought comes an idea for my company’s trading name.
I stamp my cigarette out on the patio steps and come back inside. I bring up a Word document on the laptop, and I type:
Serious Car Sales
I like the name. It works in different ways. It can suggest serious cars, serious deals or serious people. It says we’re serious about what we do, and I reckon that’s got to be a good thing. If buying a car is a serious business, then selling them should be too.
There’s a basic graphics package on my computer, and I open it so that I can create a logo. I experiment for a few minutes, setting the name Serious Car Sales in various layouts and to different typefaces, while also playing about with the colours and backgrounds. I’m looking for something which people will trust, without it being too formal. Eventually, I get close to a logo I like – with the trading name in dark grey, over the light blue silhouette of an average family car. The whole thing needs a border, I reckon, but for now I simply need to back up what I’ve done because it won’t be long before the missus arrives. Once I’ve saved the latest version to both the hard drive and a memory stick, I make my zillionth coffee of the day, and head outside for one more cigarette before Charlotte gets here. 
Minutes later, back indoors after smoking in the cold, both my hand and knee are throbbing by now (I find myself wondering how Carl’s fucking face is doing), and so I take a couple more of those soluble tablets, this time leaving the ibuprofen in its box. Once I’m dosed up, I leave the laptop open and then spread paperwork around the kitchen table, trying to create an impression of hard work. After that I climb the stairs to the first floor bathroom where I brush my teeth and splash water on my face. In the bedroom, I change my dark polo shirt for something white with long sleeves. Finally, I pull on the bulky gauze dressing I bought for my hand earlier on. I think I’m looking pretty good, and while I’m examining myself in the mirror I hear a noisy diesel engine rumbling in the street, followed soon after by the gzzzhhhhnnkk of a worn-out gearbox crunching into reverse. I look out of the window as Mark reverses a knackered old van onto the drive. For a second, I think the silly bollocks is going to back straight into my hired Golf, but then he stops just short, with the van’s nose still hanging over the pavement.
Charlotte has travelled separately, and has brought Michelle with her. I watch Charlotte park her Clio by the kerb, before she and her sister get out and walk slowly up the drive. Michelle walks close to and just behind Charlotte, looking for all the world like her bloody minder. But if she’s worried about me causing grief then her concerns are misguided – I know that I won’t successfully persuade Charlie to stay by crudely blockading her attempts to leave. 
I also study Mark as he gets out of the van and stands by the rear door, hands thrust deep into the pockets of his body warmer. He looks around as though this is his turf (Mark says U R an cunt), but although he’s a burly bloke who talks a good fight, he’s getting slow and flabby these days, and he might stand on my driveway with a bit less arrogance if he saw what happened to the last fat fucker who went and pissed me off. Charlotte and Michelle, meanwhile, assemble on the doorstep and Charlotte rings the bell – it’s only a small act, but it succeeds in jolting me because it’s one that announces this isn’t her home anymore. Then she peers up at me, as if to ask why I’m keeping them waiting. Even from above, and in minimal light, I can see that she’s tired and stressed out. She’s entitled to be, I suppose – it’s small fucking wonder she looks the way she does.
I hobble downstairs as fast as I can. I open the front door. I try a little smile but it really doesn’t feel appropriate. ‘Hi, Charlie,’ I murmur. Close up, she really does look strained.
‘Hi,’ she quietly replies.
‘You could have used your key, you know.’
‘I know that.’ She looks past me, into the house. ‘But the fact that I could have used it doesn’t mean I should have done.’
I’m spared replying by Michelle, who clearly hasn’t come to play nice. I’ve never found her an attractive woman, and tonight she’s wearing the expression of someone who’s been sucking razor blades. ‘Jimmy,’ she says, ‘are you going to let us in, or what?’
‘Sorry,’ I answer mildly. ‘Of course I am.’ Then I step aside, trying not to do or say anything likely to reveal that Michelle is already getting on my tits. ‘Come on through.’
Charlotte leads the way, with Michelle close behind, while Mark waits on the drive. Michelle gives me a filthy look – one which suggests she’d like me publicly castrated with a rusty hacksaw – but I’m determined to be civil because that’s no more than Charlie deserves. That’s why, before closing the door, I stick my head outside and ask Mark if he wants to come in for coffee.
He doesn’t get chance to answer. Michelle calls out, ‘Stay there unless we need you, Mark. We won’t be long.’ I’m sure she’s right about that last part, because the bigger, bulkier stuff in the house is mine, and getting Charlie’s things together will take just a few minutes. I don’t even reckon they really need a van – bringing one may have been no more than an excuse for Mark to come along, probably because Michelle thought I’d cut up rough.
I tell Mark I’ll leave the door off the latch, and to come in from the cold if he fancies that coffee. Maybe he’s fazed by my good manners, or embarrassed about being bossed by his wife, but he looks less like Billy Big Bollocks now than a couple of minutes since, and he doesn’t quite meet my eye when he says thanks for the offer. I leave him out there while I follow Charlotte and Michelle into the kitchen, hoping they’ll notice how clean things are and how busily I’ve been working. I switch on the kettle, and that’s another cue for Michelle to put her foot down. She says, ‘We won’t be wanting a drink, Jimmy.’
‘I’m having one,’ I tell her. ‘And maybe Charlie can decide for herself.’
I look at Charlotte. She’s wearing a jeans-and-jumper get-up which must be newly bought from a supermarket given that she hasn’t been back for clothes before now. She’s also got on a beige, hooded overcoat that’s a couple of sizes too big, and is presumably borrowed from Michelle.  But despite her low-budget, low-glam wardrobe and the stress lines on her face, I reckon she looks completely fucking gorgeous. I’d give anything for her to stay – and I mean anything at all, including all the money in my high-roller’s bank account – but the chances of that happening look lousy from where I’m standing. I don’t like it that she’s turned up with a notebook and pen, because they suggest she means to finalise things while she’s here. Also, she’s got “Little Louis” with her – the Louis Vuitton handbag which is, so far, the only thing I’ve bought her with my lottery winnings. I reckon that to bring the handbag while dressed as she is can only mean she plans to hand the thing back. When she says, ‘Jimmy, we just want to get my things packed up,’ she sounds desperately tired, and equally keen to get al of this over and done with.
‘I know you do,’ I reply. ‘And I’m not trying to make things any harder than I already have.’
‘Which is plenty hard enough,’ says the wicked big sister.
Charlie puts a hand on her sibling’s arm and says, ‘Michelle, please, just leave it.’ To me she adds, ‘Look, we’ll get the van loaded up, and then these two can head off. You and I have got things to sort out, and we can have a coffee then.’ She brandishes the writing pad, confirming my earlier idea that she means to agree with me the nuts and bolts of separation – squaring up about money and suchlike.
Michelle says, ‘I’d rather not leave you here on your own.’
‘It’s okay,’ Charlotte tells her. ‘Jimmy isn’t violent.’
‘No, just a cheat and a bastard. And if he isn’t violent, why’s his hand bandaged up like that?’
I decide to brazen that one out. I shrug my shoulders and say, ‘Hey Michelle, accidents happen sometimes.’ I think about adding that nature had a big accident when making her face, before going on to explain that I’m now a millionaire because I had to go to the shops after she chose to call round for a Malibu when we didn’t have any in, and how does she like those fucking apples? In the end, though, I keep those thoughts hidden, and I do the same with my cigarettes, even though I could kill for one right now. What little chance I have won’t be helped if Charlie knows I’m smoking again.
‘Michelle,’ says Charlotte, wearily, ‘I’ve never known Jimmy hit anyone. He and I will be fine to talk. Let’s just go and get packed up.’
And that’s what they do. I make myself a coffee, and I remain mostly in the kitchen, listening to the two of them banging and clattering through the house. I play about some more with the Serious Car Sales logo, but I can’t really concentrate, and when Charlotte and Michelle come into the kitchen to take down the photos from our montage, I finally make Mark a coffee and take it outside to him. He eyes me warily at first, but by the time he’s drained his mug we’re having a good old chat about his work on building sites, and how the really cold weather is murder for him come Jan and Feb. He doesn’t once call me a cunt, and when he takes out his tobacco and papers, I nearly ask him to roll one for me. By the time he does light up, I’ve got a nicotine craving so strong that I have to excuse myself and go back indoors.
Not long afterwards, the two women finish packing, and with Mark’s help they load everything into the van. Mark’s keen to get going, but Michelle still wants to hang around with Charlotte. Fortunately, the three of us are able to persuade her otherwise, and off she and Mark go, Michelle still bitching about me like I’m an angry pimple on her over-fed arse. And after that, it boils down to this: Charlotte and I facing each other across the kitchen table, each with our own agenda. There are six days to go until Christmas – I want to change the prospect of our spending it apart, whereas Charlie merely wants to cement it. I’ve made us both a hot drink, and I’ve pushed my laptop and paperwork to one side. Charlotte’s sitting there with her writing pad and the Louis Vuitton handbag. She still looks tired, but not so stressed as earlier, and I reckon she must be relieved to have got her stuff packed up and gone without too much hassle. But in place of anxiety, her face is full of hurt. Deep, deep hurt and, just behind her eyes, a kind of quiet fury.
‘Charlie,’ I say, and begin scatting about for where to begin. Trouble is, though, the stand-out item in my brain is the craving for a cigarette. Also, I don’t reckon those latest painkillers have done anything for my sharpness, even though I left the ibuprofen well alone this time. Crucially, while I’m making up my mind about what to say first, it’s Charlotte who kicks things off, and although her tone is civil she doesn’t bother too much with any pleasantries. 
‘There are things we need to sort out,’ she says, opening up the notebook and uncapping her pen. She finds her reading glasses in a coat pocket, and pushes them up the bridge of her nose. ‘There’s the money I owe you, for bills and what-not.’
I find myself grimacing. ‘Charlie, you don’t owe me any money. And look, I haven’t tried to stop you taking your stuff away, but the last thing I want is for you to leave. Please listen – I want to try and explain.’
Charlotte lets out a little sigh. Having just put them on, she removes her glasses and sets them down on the table. ‘Jimmy,’ she says, ‘I don’t need explanations, and I don’t need to hear how it happened. You’ve no chance of persuading me to stay, because you can’t fail to notice that I’ve already left. You’ve given me no choice in the matter.’
‘Charlie, can we please just talk about this?’
‘I’m sorry, but no, we can’t.’ The look in her eye is unwavering. And although there are no histrionics on Charlotte’s part, her tone of voice is firm and final. ‘It’s over, Jimmy,’ she says. ‘I heard everything I needed to hear when I walked into your boss’s office on Saturday.’
My phone starts ringing. Snatching it up, I recognise the number of the slick, sharp bloke. Poxy timing from him. I press the End Call button.
‘Look,’ I plead with Charlie, ‘about what happened at the weekend, and the whole thing with Isabel, there are things you should –’
‘Jimmy,’ she interrupts. ‘You have had sex with her, haven’t you?’
‘Once.’
‘And that’s alright?’
‘No, of course it’s not. But that’s why I want to tell you how it happened. I made a mistake, Charlie – a big mistake which I won’t be repeating. If you’ll just let me explain everything, this doesn’t have to be the end of it all.’
But she’s shaking her head, and her eyes are like hard little coals. ‘There’s no going back, Jimmy. I’m trying to keep this equable, but you need to know that I despise you right now. And it isn’t so much what you’ve done – deplorable though that is – as the lies you’ve spun to me subsequently.’
‘Please Charlie, listen–’
‘No, you listen. I asked you if you were seeing Isabel, and you told me no. I asked you what was troubling you, and you said only your plans for the business. The answers you gave me were lies, Jimmy. That’s what I especially can’t forgive. And any explanations from you would prove a complete waste of time. Even if I were interested, I couldn’t trust a word of them.’
Leaning my elbows on the table, I massage my temples with the heels of my palms. I reckon I’d deal with this better if she were shouting and screaming, getting in my face and calling me names. ‘I know I’ve hurt you’ I tell her. ‘And I don’t have the words to tell you how sorry I am. I’d give an arm or a leg – and I literally mean that – if I could only turn back the clock.’
She cuts me a salami-thin smile. ‘Life doesn’t work like that. And you’d struggle to turn a clock back with only one arm.’ 
I try to laugh, but what I hear from my mouth is a low moan of anguish. ‘Charlie, please, I’m going mad at the thought of losing you.’
‘You should have thought about that much earlier, before it was too late.’
‘I know. But look, will you please hear me out before you go? Just let me tell you what happened, and then make up your mind.’
‘Oh... Jimmy... for God’s sake...’ Charlotte’s tough-girl act falters just a little. She rubs the bridge of her nose between finger and thumb. Then she picks up her glasses and fiddles with the frames.
‘Hear me out for five minutes, Charlie. That’s all I ask. And I’ve got some really big news which changes everything.’
Charlotte puts down her glasses and looks at me for a long moment. ‘It’s not as straightforward as you think,’ she says. ‘I’ve met someone else, too.’
I can only stare at her when she drops that particular bombshell. It feels as though all the air is being sucked from the room. Gently, she adds, ‘I know this will come as a shock.’ 
A shock, she says. In my imagination, I see myself with cartoon eyes popped out on stalks, and my jaw open wider than a bear trap. ‘I’m sorry, Charlie, but repeat for me what you just said, would you?’
But she doesn’t repeat it for me. Little Miss Hard Case is back. She says, ‘I think you heard me properly the first time.’
‘Who is he?’ I ask, my voice failing as I lean back and hold my head with both hands. ‘Who, Charlie? And how?’
‘Does it really matter?’
‘Fucking yeah, it matters!’ I take the cigarettes from my coat and walk over to the window. I light up a smoke and throw the window wide open. ‘It damn’ well matters to me,’ I tell her.
Charlotte doesn’t get up. She doesn’t raise her voice. She keeps any opinions she may have about my smoking firmly to herself. And when she looks at me, it’s as if she’s really looking through me. She takes a breath and says, ‘His name is Moses. He’s an instructor at my gym, where you’ll have noticed I’ve been spending a lot of time recently. That’s because you’ve been distant these past few months, self-absorbed and stand-offish. Moses has been there when I’ve needed a friend to talk to.’
‘A friend, you say?’ I draw deeply on my cigarette, feeling the poisons biting at my lungs. ‘Someone to talk to? What has Moses offered you, Charlie – the Promised Land, or what?’
‘You wanker,’ she snaps, and then comes the anger I was expecting much earlier. ‘I knew this would happen if I were stupid enough to tell you. You’re full of hand-wringing supplication about cheating on me, but then you start sneering when the tables are turned.’ She gets up from the table, jolting it on her way, spilling coffee onto my paperwork. Like that matters a fuck right now.
She’s right, of course. And with the initial shock wearing off, I can see exactly what she means. ‘I’m sorry, Charlie,’ I say. ‘I didn’t mean to come across like that. ’
‘No, Jimmy, I’m sure you didn’t mean a lot of things.’ She opens up her expensive handbag, and turns it upside down to make sure that it’s empty. ‘You say you never meant to get off with Isabel – that it was all a big mistake. But that doesn’t change the fact that you did it. So don’t go blaming me if I’ve been meeting up with another man for a couple of drinks and a chat. Because that’s all it was, Jimmy – a couple of drinks and a chat. Or at least it was until last night, when I was the one who needed somebody.’
I chuck my half-smoked cigarette out the window and try to get a grip on myself. ‘I’m sorry,’ I tell her again. ‘I wasn’t trying to blame you for anything.’
‘Well, be grateful you heard the news from me. At least you didn’t have to come into the staffroom at my school and overhear it from one of my colleagues. Imagine how I must have felt on Saturday.’
‘I’ve thought about very little else. I was in bits the whole weekend. You can see I’ve even bought cigarettes.’
In the hallway, the doorbell rings.
Charlotte shakes her head at me. ‘I can’t believe you’re smoking those things. It’s just another disappointment among many.’
‘I’ll stop again if you come back to me.’
Her eyes widen and she keeps shaking her head. ‘Alright Jimmy, let’s add emotional blackmail to your list of ill behaviours. What a desperate fucking thing for you to say.’ She produces a little bunch of keys, and begins separating her house key from the rest. There’s a finality to her doing so, like there was yesterday when I took the Mondeo’s key from my own bunch as I was quitting my job. ‘Aren’t you going to answer the door?’ Charlotte asks. ‘You’re the only one living here, remember?’
‘Whoever it is will go away in a minute.’
‘Oh, for God’s sake! Pathetic! It’s probably Michelle and Mark checking to see that I’m okay.’ Her face flushing furiously, she stalks away to see who’s there.
I light a new cigarette. Seconds later, I can hear the murmur of conversation drifting through from the doorstep. Whoever it is, whatever it is, I’m beyond really giving a fuck.
After a minute of me standing and smoking, Charlie reappears. She stands just inside the kitchen with her arms folded and the ghost of a smile on her lips. It’s actually the ghost of a really nasty smile, one which would look more at home on the face of her evil big sister. Charlotte says, ‘There’s a girl here to see you. A girl called Lucy.’
I’m struggling to place the name with my head in this state, but Charlotte’s happy to fill in the blanks. ‘Pretty girl,’ she says. ‘Lots of freckles. She says she met you at the weekend, but that she’s lost her phone since then, and doesn’t know whether you’ve been calling her or not. Apparently, it’s taken a couple of days for her to track you down, and now she wants to know whether you fancy going out for a drink.’
‘Oh, yeah – that girl with freckles.’ I wave my hand dismissively, inadvertently shaking fag ash on to the floor. ‘I didn’t speak to her for long, and I thought her name was Louise. I’m amazed she’s even turned up here.’ 
‘Of course you’re amazed,’ says Charlotte. ‘Except that Lucy might beg to differ about how much time you spent with her. Anyway, she didn’t know what to make of me when I answered the door, and she wanted to know whether I was your girlfriend. But don’t worry, sweetheart – I soon told her I wasn’t.’
‘Charlie, she’s just a girl I met in the pub. Please, look, can you get rid of her for me?’
‘Do your own dirty work, Jimmy. I know she’s just a girl you met in the pub. And at the weekend, too. That would be the weekend you say you spent in bits over what happened at the showroom.’ And with that, Charlotte turns on her heel, picking up her notepad while leaving behind Little Louis and the door key. ‘I’ll send Lucy through on my way out.’
‘Don’t go, Charlie. I’ve won the lottery.’
‘You did win it once,’ she calls over her shoulder. ‘But that was a long, long time ago.’
A Whole Week Later
Kate calls at my new premises just before mid-day on the morning after Boxing Day. Barely three hours have passed since I collected the keys and opened the place up. And while it’s been a fortnight since the slick, sharp bloke first showed me round, I’m sorry to say that Santa hasn’t been by in the meantime with a troop of elves and pixies to magic the place clean. Frankly, the new home of James Michael Harris Car Sales Ltd (trading as Serious Car Sales) is a bloody mess, and I’m out the back, trying to work miracles with a broom when Kate rocks up clutching two takeout coffees and a packet of chocolate biscuits. I put down my broom and come through to reception when I hear the front door opening noisily on its rusted hinges.
‘Good Morning, James,’ says Kate, resting the coffee and biscuits on top of my stepladders. ‘How’s my favourite former colleague this cold winter morning? A belated Merry Christmas to you.’ 
‘And the same to you,’ I reply. I step closer and we briefly hug. ‘Wanna buy a car, Missus?’
She laughs, showing two rows of even white teeth. Kate looks especially smart in a belted puffer coat that may have been new for Christmas, and her makeup, as ever, is damn near perfect. She glances around my dirty, dusty, ramshackle new empire with her hands stuffed deep in her pockets and a look on her face which says, What the fuck? Yet when she speaks, it’s with diplomacy and tact. ‘You’ve got lots to do here,’ she points out, showing a gift for polite understatement, ‘but it looks like you’re getting stuck in.’
‘I certainly am. It takes my mind off being single at Christmas.’
‘No fun, is it?’ she says. ‘But James, please tell me you didn’t spend Christmas Day alone.’
‘I was at my mum’s,’ I tell her. ‘The rest of the family went round as well. I had to explain why I was there sans Charlotte.’
She smiles at me sadly. ‘I’m really sorry about that – it must have been rough for you. I take it your pre-Christmas meet-up didn’t go well?’
Kate’s asking about a get-together I had with Charlie in town last Friday, and I answer the query with a sad little shake of my head. It was three days on from Charlie moving her stuff out of the house house, and three days prior to the big Ho-Ho-Ho. The two of us met at a busy coffee bar, and festivities there were cranked up to the max, with the place decorated like Santa’s grotto and Christmas songs playing on a loop. But Charlotte had a face like stone. She was interested only in finalising the formalities we’d failed to firm up three nights previously, and still wanted nothing to do with my attempts at reconciliation.
Kate says, ‘I remember you weren’t optimistic the night before, when we were all out getting pissed.’
‘Unlike you, I don’t remember very much about the night before, but if I was feeling pessimistic then it turns out I was entitled. Things didn’t go remotely well.’
‘Oh dear, James. I am sorry.’
I cross my arms and sigh sorrowfully. ‘Charlie wrote me a cheque,’ I tell Kate. ‘It was for three hundred and seventy quid, and although I didn’t want it, she insisted on covering what she said was her share of the utility bills and food costs. Then, in return, I gave her a banker’s draft I’d organised the previous day. It was for a million pounds sterling.’
Kate gives a little gasp. ‘James... ’
‘I told Charlie it was her money to keep – not a bribe from me to get her back. Whatever the future held, the money was hers, even if she never saw me again.’
‘What did she say?’ Kate asks. Her eyes are expectantly wide, and her mouth has formed a surprised little ‘o’. But rather than answer her straightaway, I push open that creaking front door and plant one foot outside. Then I light up a cigarette and take a couple of deep drags. A strong, icy wind bites at my face, and the smoke from my ciggie gusts back indoors
‘Charlotte tore my banker’s draft into roughly a dozen pieces. Said she wanted nothing to do with me or my cash.’
‘Fuck me sideways,’ says Kate. ‘Are you joking with me now?’
‘I’m being totally serious.’
We both mull that one for a few seconds. Then Kate says, ‘Charlotte’s full off surprises. I couldn’t believe it when you said she’d been seeing someone else.’
‘Nor could I,’ I tell her. ‘Fault on both sides – who’d have thought it? Though I suppose ninety percent of the blame was mine.’
Kate doesn’t reply to that. The wind is freezing. I flick my cigarette away and pull the door closed. Kate grimaces at the noise it makes and says, ‘You need to oil those hinges.’
‘It’s on the list of things to do. Bloody big list, it is.’
‘I’ll bet,’ she replies. ‘Let me know if there’s anything I can do to help.’
‘You could pass me a coffee. I take it one of those is for me.’
‘Sure is.’ She checks the writing on the cups and hands one over. ‘Here you are. This one’s yours.’
‘Thanks. I’m ready for it.’
‘You’re welcome.’ She brandishes the biscuits. ‘Chocolate cookie?’
‘Can I have one for later?’
‘Just keep the packet,’ she says.
‘You’re too good to me.’
‘So you keep saying.’ She puts the biscuits down on a rickety old desk, close to the only bright and shiny thing in the whole bloody building – the Louis Vuitton handbag. She picks it up, examines it very carefully, and asks, ‘Is this thing genuine?’
‘Sure is. Bought that for Charlotte a few weeks ago, but it’s something else that she’s now thrown back in my face.’
‘A million quid I can just about get my head around. But when a girl returns her Louis Vuitton – James, that can’t be good.’
‘You’re telling me,’ I reply. ‘I’ve got the idea of using it as some sort of prize. You know – buy a car and get entered into a raffle for the priciest unwanted bag in the whole damn’ town.’
Kate grins at me evilly. ‘What – are you talking about Isabel, now?’
‘Yeah, alright Missus. Very bloody funny.’ I remove the lid from my latte, wondering whether Kate would maybe like “Little Louis” as a gift. But I can hardly imagine her with even banknotes that are second-hand, never mind an exclusive bloody handbag. And so I leave the question unasked while I take a big slurpy sip from my coffee. The milk’s dead frothy, and I end up with foam on my nose. Kate giggles, and drinks her own coffee with the sip lid intact. Checking my watch, I ask, ‘How come you’re not working today?’
‘Oh, I had some days owing, and of course it’s year end. So I had to take them now or lose them altogether.’
‘Gotcha.’
‘Which means I’m having an extended Christmas break. I wasn’t in yesterday, and I’m not back tomorrow.’
‘So you won’t know how the league table looks at the minute?’
‘Bloody hell, James,’ She passes me a coffee-shop napkin so I can wipe the foam from my nose. ‘You’ve left the firm, remember? You need to learn to leave it alone.’
‘I’m just curious, that’s all.’
She sips more coffee and then says, ‘Alright, I’ll tell you this: Rudi texted me last night, asking if I had any good leads he could follow up while I was off work. Apparently, he did two deals yesterday, but Emma managed three.’
‘There’s a turn up for you – Rudi scrabbling around for help.’
‘I know. He’s worried at the minute. I just hope he manages to beat the little skank.’
It’s my turn to laugh at Kate. ‘There’s still no love lost, is there?’
She shakes her head. ‘Emma and I will never hit it off. We’re just so different from each other.’
I could argue that last point if I wanted to. I reckon Kate and Emma are actually very alike, or at least that Emma’s a younger version of Kate and that Kate is a preview of Emma ten years from now. Another thing I reckon is that, deep down, they both realise as much. I’m sure they each see something of themselves when they look at the other, and neither of them is completely comfortable with the reflection staring back at them.
But because I’ve got a floor to sweep and hinges to lubricate, plus numerous other jobs on a list that runs to three fucking pages, I don’t have the time for conversational minefields like that one. Instead I ask, ‘How many cars did the others sell – do you know?’
‘I’ve no idea.’ She shrugs her shoulders. ‘But the place will have been busy. You know what Boxing Day’s like.’
Kate’s right about that. The twenty-sixth of December is manic in the motor trade – at least for those operations that have the gumption to open up so soon. The punters come flooding back once the twenty-fifth has gone, enabling dealers to start making money again. 
But looking around this place, I can see I’m in no shape to be taking advantage of the post-Christmas rush. Serious Car Sales doesn’t look very serious, what with its broken desks, yellowing paint and general air of rack-and-ruin. Everything in here is either old and dirty, out of place, or simply fucked up. And although two of the four cars I bought at the online auctions have already arrived, and are now outside with prices in their windows, they both need a proper valet and some minor cosmetic work. That’s to say nothing of my needing to advertise them properly on the internet.
Kate also looks around, and seems to read my thoughts. ‘You’ve got a job on your hands,’ she says. ‘And it will take some work to get everywhere shipshape. But imagine how the place will look this time next year. Business will be booming.’
‘That’s too far away,’ I reply. ‘I want a booming business by this time next week.’
‘Easy, tiger, she says. ‘You have to walk before you can run.’
I sip my coffee and light another cigarette, this time not bothering to open the door. There’ll be no smoking in here once everywhere is clean and painted, but one ciggie, just this minute, can’t make the place any worse. ‘I know there’s loads to do,’ I tell Kate, ‘and that’s why I’m on with it now, because I can’t afford to be hanging about. This place needs to be selling cars, and selling cars fast. It needs to pay its way.’
Kate narrows here eyes and stares at me intently. ‘James,’ she says, ‘don’t get me wrong, but you can hardly be short of money. I mean, you’re not, are you? You can’t be, not when you nearly bought a Porsche, and certainly not after Charlotte threw a million quid back in your face. And if you do need money, why did you write us all those cheques on the night of your leaving do?’
‘Kate, I’ve got plenty of money. But the business hasn’t.’
At first she looks at me like I’m just splitting hairs, but then she says ‘Alright, I get it. You consider yourself and the company to be two separate things.’
‘Exactly that. After all, I planned to start the business long before I won the lottery. I had some money saved up and was going to borrow the rest from a bank. The only difference now is that I’m actually borrowing from me. Or, more accurately, the business is borrowing from me. It still has to pay me back on time, and at a commercial rate of interest.’
She takes another look around. The front office is so dishevelled and bashed about that even I’m struggling to imagine it up and running quickly. Kate, who’s always had a great grasp of practicalities, must feel even more sceptical. ‘You’re heaping a lot of pressure on your shoulders,’ she tells me.
I flick fag ash into the upturned sip lid of my coffee cup. ‘I know I am. You see, originally, I viewed doing this as a way of proving something to myself – and that’s still how I see things now. I need to get up to speed fast because I won’t be proving anything to anyone if I let the business underperform while spoon-feeding it extra cash every now and then.’
Kate circles the office, studying the grime, the clutter, the general disarray. Slowly she begins nodding in approval. ‘Alright,’ she says. ‘I do see what you mean. Although your attitude does kind of scupper my plans.’
‘Yeah?’ I ask. ‘How’s that, then? What plans are they?’
‘Well, I came round here with the idea of buying you lunch. So I could repay you for the burger from last week. But from the way you’re talking, you haven’t the time.’
I look at my watch. ‘I’d have made time,’ I tell her, ‘only I’ve got a bloke coming to see me about the mechanic’s job.’
Kate looks disappointed. ‘Not to worry,’ she replies. ‘We can do it some other day.’
‘What about tomorrow, being as you’re still off work.’
‘Tomorrow would be fine.’ She puts down her coffee to tighten the belt on that smart new coat. Then she says, ‘Unless of course... ’
I take drag on my cigarette. ‘Unless of course, what?’
Kate picks her coffee back up and looks at me appraisingly. ‘Unless of course, we went out tonight. You’re not the only one on his own at Christmas.’
I study her face for clues about where she’s heading with this. ‘Are you suggesting we go on a date?’
‘Might be,’ she says. ‘What would you say if I were?’
‘Well, we’re good friends, Kate, but there was a time – not long after Isabel left me – when I had the idea we could be more than that, and you ended up smacking me round the face.’
‘I remember that evening,’ she replies. ‘And James, you weren’t at your most attractive. You were pissed off your face, stinking of fags, and you’d been crying your eyes out only ten minutes earlier. At least today you only stink of fags.’
I study the cigarette between my fingers – fingers which are yellowing again after less than a fortnight of my newly regained habit. ‘I’m sorry,’ I reply. ‘I didn’t realise it was all that bad.’ 
‘Don’t worry about it. I’ll bring you some mouthwash if we do go out.’
‘Let’s be clear about this. You are suggesting, like, a proper date, aren’t you?’
‘Yes, I am,’ she says. ‘It’s Christmas when all’s said and done, so why not? I’m an attractive woman – or so I like to think – and as for you, well, bloody hell.’
‘Bloody hell?’
Kate meanders to the door and leans her backside against it. ‘You’re smart,’ she says, ‘plus you’re good-looking, and you’re single right now. On top of that, you’re actually a nice man, James, and you’re even funny sometimes.’
‘I was all of those things three years ago,’ I tell her. ‘Back when you smacked me in the chops.’
‘Of course you were,’ she replies. ‘But there’s another big difference between now and then, isn’t there?’ She winks at me, almost lewdly, over the top of her coffee cup. ‘Three years ago, matey-boy, you weren’t nearly so bloody rich.’
Mid January
Isabel slides her phone across the counter, so that I can watch the home video she recorded yesterday. Despite the phone’s smallish screen, I easily recognise the venue as her parents’ front room, even though I haven’t been round there in donkeys’ years. Also, the little man in a blue romper, occupying centre stage, is unmistakably Oscar. And here’s the thing: he’s walking unaided. Okay, so he’s tottering a bit, but what he’s doing passes for walking in my book. Meanwhile, Isabel’s dad is in on the act: he’s kneeling alongside, ready to prevent a fall if Oscar should stumble. Off camera, Isabel and her mum sound stupidly excited – like two teenagers at a pop concert – but I can’t make out what they’re saying because they’re talking over each other. Besides which, Oscar’s even louder than the two of them combined – he’s beaming at the camera and shouting ‘Chhhoooooooooo.’ Maybe the kid thinks he’s a steam train or something.
‘Well, what do you think?’ asks Isabel, flashing the kind of major-league smile usually found in toothpaste adverts. She sounds as excited now as she does in the bloody video.
Passing the phone back, I look out of the window, at the middle-aged couple walking round my pitch. In matching windcheaters, the two of them have a notebook each and a copy of the latest Parkers price guide. As if that weren’t enough, they’ve even brought a fucking flask with them. They refused my help when I offered it, claiming that they didn’t want to be pestered. But they’ve been here a good twenty minutes by now, and I’ve only got six bloody cars. How much is there to see, for fuck’s sake?
‘I think Oscar’s brilliant,’ I say, in answer to Isabel’s question. ‘Just like his mum. Has he thrown the Porsche through his granddad’s TV yet?’
‘He’s working on it. Dad’s terrified.’ Slipping her phone away, she adds, ‘That wasn’t actually the first time he walked – he managed a couple of steps the day before. But that was the first time I got him on camera.’
‘A few more weeks and he’ll be good to come here and help me.’
‘I’ll need him to help me first.’
‘I suppose you will,’ I reply. ‘We’re both going to be busy.’
Still smiling, Isabel picks up the details of the half-dozen properties we’ve thought about and shuffles one of them out from the pack. ‘So, we’re agreed on this one?’ she asks.
I look again at the info and photos. It’s an old, red-brick house, detached and with a good-sized garden. Right location, and as close to the right money as Isabel has been able to find. Then I skim once more through the draft lease. ‘Yes,’ I reply. ‘We are agreed.’
‘You’re sure you don’t need to go round and look at it?’ she asks.
‘You’ve done that, and you’re the one who’ll be running the business.’
‘You’re the one stumping up the rent.’
‘Iz, look, I trust you on this.’
‘Alright, then.’ She slides the details into her pocket. ‘I’ll go and sort it all out.’
‘Just wait till you get the keys. That’s when the work really starts.’
‘I’ll bet it does.’ She looks around my front office, at the recently painted walls and the plywood office furniture I bought on the cheap. She says, ‘The place is looking great now. How is business going?’
‘Honestly, Iz?’
‘Of course honestly. I wouldn’t want it any other way.’
‘Well, I’m managing to sell a few cars, but I’m busier than I want to be with other stuff.’
‘Like what?’
‘Oh, just a million things.’ Getting out my cigarettes, I position myself in the doorway for a smoke. ‘Apart from just selling the cars, I have to buy them and prepare them for sale. I also have to promote them on the internet. Then I have to keep the books, pay the bills, and do the banking. On top of all that, I have to get these premises shipshape – although I’m ninety percent there with that one.’
‘Okay,’ says Isabel. ‘I get it – you’re very busy.’
I light up a smoke and continue explaining. ‘I’ve got two big issues at the moment. The first is that I’m struggling to recruit a good mechanic. The second is it’s proving harder than I expected to get a consumer credit licence. At the moment, I can only sell cars for cash – I can’t offer any finance deals.’
Isabel nods at me. ‘I know how you feel. The paperwork you need to set up a childcare centre is never-ending – it’s even worse than I told you. All those certificates, bloody hell.’
‘You’ll get there,’ I tell her. ‘Just like I’m getting there.’
‘We both will,’ she says. ‘But why’s it so hard to get a mechanic? I’d expect you to know loads of people.’
‘And I do. But there’s a problem with the working conditions I can offer. You see, so far, the business doesn’t generate enough cash to splash out on the equipment that bigger garages have, and it won’t do for some time yet.’
‘And that’s a really big deal?’ she asks.
‘It is for now,’ I tell her, taking a lengthy drag on my cigarette. ‘Look, can you remember me fixing your car at your mum and dad’s place, back when we very first met?’
‘Course I can. I remember watching you crawling round the floor in your ripped jeans and t-shirt. You looked hot back then.’
I rise to Isabel’s bait. I strike a pose. I hook my thumbs into the belt loops. ‘Whaddya mean?’ I ask. ‘Hot back then?’
She makes a similar show of looking me up and down. ‘It means you’ve cooled off since.’
‘Cheeky cow.’ I flip her the finger and she laughs. ‘But anyway, Iz, the point is this – I didn’t raise your car on a hydraulic ramp. I jacked up the front end on your dad’s driveway, and then put an axle stand beneath it. Well, whoever comes here will have to work like that for a while.’
‘Maybe I’m being thick, but I don’t see the issue. You’re telling me people have a problem with stuff like that?’
‘Pretty much. Two of them tried it, but didn’t stay long. I’d offer equity in the business to someone I thought was brilliant, but I’ve yet to come across anyone like that. And anyway, I’m not even sure it’s legal to ask people to work that way. I may end up having to buy a hydraulic ramp, even though it wasn’t in the budget this year.’
Isabel thinks about all this while I smoke my cigarette. Meanwhile, the punters with the flask have spent a couple of minutes huddled round a white, three-year-old Fiesta which I bought for a song and have advertised at a cheap-as-chips price. I get the keys from a drawer and blip the remote for them while I stand smoking in the doorway. They don’t acknowledge me, but they do open the Fiesta’s doors and sit themselves inside.
Isabel says, ‘So, your mechanic problem – do you mind if I make a suggestion?’
‘Oscar’s a bit young to be on the spanners.’
‘A different suggestion – why don’t you do the mechanicing?’
‘Say again?’
‘Why don’t you be the mechanic?’ She wanders to the window and looks out onto the pitch. ‘Rather than employ someone else to fix the cars, you could employ someone else to sell them.’
I don’t reply immediately, but I reckon there are worse suggestions than the one she’s just made. I’d rather not spend my days in the workshop, but it could work out okay in the short term. I have to get my cars serviced elsewhere at the moment, and that’s not only taking too long but hitting my profits as well.
‘I know you want to be selling loads of cars,’ continues Isabel. ‘So you’d have to get a salesman who really knows what they’re doing. Why not offer the job to Rudi? He’s the one you always used to look up to.’
I think about the idea while finishing my smoke, and I tell Isabel she could be onto something. She says I should phone Rudi today and invite him round for coffee. And the more she talks about it, the more I think her plan could work, although I don’t tell Iz that it’s probably not Rudi I’d be phoning.
Meanwhile, my would-be punters have climbed out of the Fiesta. We watch them while they consult their Parkers and scribble in the notepads. They look briefly in our direction, before returning their attention to the car. I reckon they’ve worked out what I already knew – that my little white Fiesta’s a proper bargain for someone. Sure enough, a few seconds later, they start walking in our direction. I flick my fag end down a storm drain and spray my mouth with the breath freshener I’ve started keeping in my pocket.
Isabel says, ‘You’re going to be busy in a minute, and I need to be off, but I want to ask you something first. How are you getting on with Charlotte? Have you persuaded her to take the money?’
I reply with a shake of my head. Isabel says she’s sorry, and that it’s a pity.
‘It is,’ I agree. ‘Kate even went to see her, because I was getting nowhere. But that didn’t work either.’
‘Kate? Remind me – she’s the one who made me coffee that Saturday, the day you went and twatted Carl in the face?’
I find myself examining the knuckles of my punching hand. Everything looks fine these days, but I still get the occasional twinge. ‘Yeah,’ I reply. ‘That was Kate.’
‘She’s nice. I like her.’
I could, out of badness and devilment, tell Iz that her feelings for Kate are far from mutual. But by now the couple with the flask are hovering close by. They look fed up and harassed, even though I’ve left them well alone. I smile at them from the doorway, and ask how they’re getting on.
It’s the bloke who speaks up. ‘That Fiesta over there,’ he says. ‘What would you give me for my old Nissan Micra?’
‘The very best price I can, sir. If you give me two minutes to finish off with this lady, I’ll be happy to look at your car.’
They don’t say whether that’s okay or not. They don’t even nod in acknowledgement, or mutter among themselves. Instead, they just stand silently in their windcheaters and wait for me to come and value their car. 
I say to Isabel, ‘I’ll have to crack on.’
‘Good luck,’ she whispers. ‘Pair of weirdos.’
She starts to make a move, but then I stop her. ‘Just one quick thing, before you go.’
‘Sure, Jimmy. What is it?’
‘It’s about Kate.’ I keep my voice low. ‘Thing is – she and I have been out a few times just lately.  I wanted you to know, just in case... well, what with you and I being in business together... ’
‘You thought you’d mention the Kate thing in case I had any more ideas of shagging you on the kitchen floor.’
‘Since you put it like that, yeah.’
‘Jimmy, we’re all good,’ she says. ‘I’m happy being your business partner. Now go and sell these people a car. But don’t forget about hiring a salesman. You know it’s a good idea.’
‘I’ll seriously think about it, Iz.’
‘Make sure you do. And then get out that book I gave you. You know you’d have more time for business stuff if you could quit those stupid bloody fags.’
Late March
There’s a great-looking car parked up outside the office. It’s an Alfa Romeo coupe, with shiny silver paint and red leather seats. The Alfa is six years old, but that’s okay because its mileage is low and its looks are timeless. With sweeping lines and sassy wheels, this car is cool and sexy, conspicuous among the runabouts in my car park like a bare-legged girl in a party frock is conspicuous when everyone else is in trousers. And setting aside how it looks, I’ll bet the Alfa sounds great too. Italian sports cars tend to gurgle when idling and growl when called to action.
But there’s a difference between liking something and wanting to own it. And despite everything that’s good about the Alfa, the idea of taking it in part-exchange makes me nervous. That’s because Alfa Romeos lose their value so quickly – a legacy of the manufacturer’s troubled past when their cars broke down often and rusted like tin cans dipped in acid. The danger to dealers like me is that we can take one into stock and fail to sell it quickly, thereby ending up with a vehicle on our books worth less than it actually cost us. That’s why we tend to value Alfas cautiously, even when caution gets in the way of a deal. Many Alfa owners consider their cars to be high-end motors worthy of similar money to the top German makes – sparks can soon fly when we put them right on that one.
Sitting at my desk in a little office off the workshop, I re-read Emma’s appraisal of the silver Alfa sitting proudly in my car park. Then I put her paperwork down and head back outside, so that I can inspect the car for a second time. It’s a lovely-looking thing, but I’m struggling to see past its potential depreciation, and afterwards I return to the office and give my head a bloody good scratch. This is the first Alfa I’ve had to value since we opened for business, and it’s a tough job working out how much I dare offer. I might have phoned Graham for advice, except that I’m a very long way down his list of favourite people right now, and I suppose my agonising over the Alfa proves the point he made on the day I resigned – buying and selling cars is an easy way to lose money fast. 
Except, of course, that I’m not losing money fast. Nor am I losing it slow. I’m actually doing pretty well at this game. It’s true that cash flow can be tight, but so far I’m making good profits. My instincts to date – about cars and deals and people – have mostly been good. Maybe, then, I ought to trust those instincts some more.
Having given myself a pep talk, I reach a decision: I won’t try selling the Alfa from my pitch in case it sits here too long and depreciates too fast. But because it looks good and has full service history, I decide to bid generously for it, trusting I’ll get my money back quickly at auction. With that decision made, I complete an offer sheet and bring it through from my office to the reception desk out front.
Emma is out on test drive with her punters. And so I hand the offer sheet to Kev.
He grins at me, blushes slightly – fuck me, I don’t think he can breathe without blushing – and then he says, ‘I guess this is for Emma when she’s back with her people.’
‘You guess correctly. I’m starting at two-seven for the Alfa, but tell her I’ll go to three-one if I have to. Just make sure the punter doesn’t hear you when you’re telling her that.’
‘Received and understood.’
‘And I am bidding generously for it – I don’t reckon they’ll get a better offer elsewhere in town. Make sure Emma knows that, please.’
Kev locks the completed offer sheet in a desk drawer and then pockets the key. ‘I’ll be sure to tell her,’ he replies.
‘Thanks, Kev. I’m going to nip out now, as I told you earlier. I’ll probably be twenty minutes. Maybe half-an-hour.’
‘That’s fine.’
‘I should be back before our big guest arrives, but please get him a coffee if I’m late or he’s early. And I’ve got my phone on me if anything else crops up.’
‘No problem,’ he says. ‘I’m sure we’ll manage.’
And I realise, as I’m driving away, that I agree with him about that. I’m sure the pair of them will manage. I wouldn’t have left them alone otherwise.
Employing Emma was a gamble. Good as she was at the old place, she’s still a novice in many ways. And this is a completely different environment, one where she’s got fewer of almost everything – fewer colleagues, fewer customers, and fewer cars on the pitch. Her relationship with me has had to change because I’m now the boss, and being as I’ve quit the cigarettes (thanks to Isabel’s magic book) she hasn’t even got a smoking buddy to natter with when she slinks off round the back.
There is one thing, though, that Emma has more of now. That thing is pressure. She has to sell cars in order for the business to survive, and when I took her on I wasn’t sure how she’d handle the responsibility. But she’s adapted well, and doesn’t look as though she’s affected by the weight of expectation. She turned up on day one the same as she ever was – bright smile, short skirt, flirty manner – and just got on with doing the job. Her sales were good from the start, and when I asked her to take charge of social media – to look after our Facebook page, for example – she jumped at the chance. Yes, it will have helped that I’ve promised her big things – I’ve told her that her income will grow as the firm gets bigger – but even so her attitude has been mostly spot on. She once sulked for an hour after failing to close a deal, and there were thirty seconds of danger one evening when she got flirtier with me than was professionally appropriate. She put a hand on my arm while we were locking up after a busy day and murmured something about how good we were for each other. I felt flattered and I felt tempted, but I resisted temptation and replied to her pretty coolly. I reckon she got the message. We were fine the next morning, and have been ever since. 
Of course, there were other people who weren’t remotely happy with the idea of Emma coming here. Graham was one of them, because she’d become his top performer by the time she quit. After beating Rudi to December’s bonus, she followed up by topping the table for January as well. When she resigned shortly afterwards, Graham picked up the phone and called me a fistful of bad names. Before I could say much in response, he launched an absolute tirade, accusing me of trying to cheat my way to success by poaching top salespeople when I’d never be one myself.
I was surprised, at the time, by the strength of his reaction. Alright, I didn’t expect him to be happy about Emma coming here, but nor did I reckon he’d fly that far off the handle. I suppose I reckoned on Graham being fairly cool because he’d surely seen it all before. He must have known dozens of salespeople come and go, the good and bad alike (plus a fair few of the ugly as well). And that was why I reckoned he’d take Emma’s departure on the chin and more or less get on with things. Okay, I’d have understood if he’d phoned me for a bit of a moan – almost in a matey kind of way – but the call he did make to me was nothing like that, because his anger was off the fucking scale. My hands were shaking when I put down the phone, and I spent the next couple of days looking over my shoulder, half-expecting to see Graham wielding a length of lead pipe. Not that I reckon he’d have needed the pipe if he and I ever went one on one.
But once I got a grip of myself, and took the time to think more calmly about Graham’s reaction, I realised there were some things he hadn’t seen before. He hadn’t seen one of his salespeople win the lottery and then go off to set up a rival dealership. And I doubted that he’d known an ex-employee get into a relationship with someone who still worked there and happened to be his former girlfriend, as I had with Kate. Then there was the whole thing about the money I gave Graham (and the others) when everyone except Carl went out for my leaving drink. By then, I’d worked out who was going to benefit from my lottery win, and the man I was still minded to call “boss” ended up with a cheque for fifteen grand. He accepted the money – of course he did – but maybe part of him resented it. Maybe the hard time he gave me over Emma leaving was his way of saying that I didn’t own him, and that I hadn’t purchased the right to start taking liberties.
And liberties were certainly what Kate thought I was taking by hiring one of her least favourite people – liberties with our fledgling relationship, that was. Not that she said as much at first. She knew better than to do that, given how much I talked about the need for separation between my newly-formed, tightly-run car sales business and me the private individual with a few quid in the bank. But Kate didn’t like me bringing Emma in – I could tell from her standoffishness when I broke the news, and also from the way she remained subdued for a day or so afterwards.
Eventually, I had it out with her. We were sitting round my kitchen table, having eaten fish and chips for tea, neither of us wanting to cook when we’d each had long days at work. We’d also shared the remains of some wine from the fridge, and I think the booze helped both of us say exactly what was on our minds. Kate admitted that she had no particular right to be pissed off with my choice of personnel. It was simply that she couldn’t help it.
‘I mean,’ she said, manoeuvring a salt cellar round the tabletop like a chess piece on its board, ‘it’s just that it’s Emma, that’s all. I don’t like the girl – I haven’t from the word go – and I’m pretty sure the feeling’s mutual. I know it’s your business, not mine, and I know you make the decisions. But, anyway... whatever.’ She shrugged her shoulders and smiled lamely. ‘Sorry, James. I just can’t help how I feel.’
‘But what is it with you two?’ I asked her. ‘I can talk to her just fine and I can talk to you just fine. But I can’t put the pair of you together without pouring two saucers of milk. And it’s not just me who thinks that – everybody says the same.’
‘Alright,’ Kate replied. ‘I’ll tell you what I really think. I think she’s cunning and manipulative. I think she’s in it for herself, and I think she’s totally ruthless – she’ll flirt shamelessly to get her way.’
Kate paused for a sip of wine. Then she said, ‘What did it for me was her behaviour at the start, back in September, when she and Wes first came to work at the showroom. Graham and I were on a downward spiral – the two of us were starting to split up – and that was a difficult time which Emma made worse when she waltzed into the business and made eyes at Graham from minute one. I’m not claiming we’d have stayed together if it weren’t for her, and I don’t think Graham was ever interested in the little skank, but I’m just saying... ’ – Kate shook her head angrily then, and began screwing up the chip wrappings – ‘I thought she was out of order, and when I tried to let her know she seemed incapable of taking the hint.’
There was more than one way I could have replied to that. I could have told Kate that she herself wasn’t beyond a full-on bout of flirting to get something she wanted. And I could have pointed out that words like manipulative and cunning were applicable to anyone who’d ever been good at selling cars. I could also have argued that a reasonable, impartial observer might weigh everything up and conclude there was fault on both sides in the breakdown of relations between the two women. But I didn’t say any of those things. Instead, I told Kate I understood how she felt. Also, I made it clear that I would show zero interest should Emma ever decide to give me the come on. And I asked Kate to look at it this way: Emma was an asset being hired to improve the business, nothing more and nothing less. By serving the business, Emma would be serving me. And by serving me, she would also in effect be serving Kate – now, wasn’t that a good way of seeing things?
Of course, Kate wasn’t taken in by my flannel. But she could see the effort I was making, and I think she appreciated it. ‘Sorry to be a moody cow,’ she said, topping up both our glasses with the last of the wine. ‘But I’ve said what I wanted to say, and that’s the end of it. You won’t here another word of this from me.’
I chinked my glass against hers. ‘Are you sure you’re okay with this?’ I asked. ‘If nothing else, you won’t have to see her at work anymore.’
‘I’m sure I’m okay with it. Just make sure you work the tramp hard.’
And in the few weeks since that conversation, Kate has been true to her word. She’s been “okay” with the situation, and hasn’t raised any more negatives. 
But one person who has definitely not been okay is Wes. No longer working with Emma, he obviously sees less of her than before, and I reckon he’s pissed off with me for spiriting her away from him. Despite the good things I’ve done for the bloke – my advice about women, for example, or the fifteen grand that he too received – it seems that Wes, like Graham, actually wants to resent me. He comes to my showroom on his day off so that he can have lunch with Emma; and if I happen to walk past the two of them or, God forbid, actually say hello, his reply comes back muttered, and he gives me a look which says I’ve done something to wound him. Emma, for her part, gets embarrassed by his attitude, and their lunch break often ends with a fall-out, which probably causes him to resent me all the more.
I’ll have to have it out with Wes sometime, but these days it seems there are more important things to do. Right now, for example, I need to find a parking space, having arrived at a local branch of the high-street bank where Charlotte has her current account. But the streets round here are tight and busy, and my phone has picked this moment to start ringing in the pocket of my coat. For the sake of convenience, I’m driving a five-year-old Hyundai we’ve just taken in part-exchange, and I haven’t bothered pairing my mobile to the Bluetooth.
I pull over on some double yellows, putting my nearside wheels on the kerb so that other cars can get past. I grab my phone. It’s the office number calling, most likely Kev. 
He says, ‘Sorry to bother you.’
‘It’s alright.’
‘I know you said you’d be quick, but I thought you’d want to know that your man’s arrived.’
‘He’s early, then. Open up the Juke for him, would you please? Then get him a coffee, and tell him I won’t be long.’
‘Done all of that,’ he replies. ‘He seems happy enough.’
‘Thanks, Kev. I’ll be as quick as I can.’
I put my phone away and concentrate on finding somewhere to park. Kev’s call is good news on two fronts. The first is that Reuben Fitzgerald has turned up for his appointment, having phoned late yesterday to ask after the Juke I’d just put up for sale. The second is that Kev has shown himself to be on the ball, proving again that I was right to offer the fellah a job. That was one decision which certainly caused a few raised eyebrows at the time. Kate thought I’d gone completely bonkers, and, in comparison to Emma’s defection, Kev’s went down just fine with Graham, who chose not to phone up and call me any more names. But fair play to Kev, because he’s doing just fine.
The reason he’s doing just fine is that I don’t ask him to sell any motors. Instead, he does pretty much everything else that there is to do around the place. He helps me valet the cars and prepare them for sale. He greets customers and he answers the phone. He helps keep the site tidy, and he makes himself useful to me in a hundred different ways. But what I don’t expect from him are any deals, and as a result he’s much happier and more confident. He’s starting to come into his own, and one of these days someone will buy a car from him when he wasn’t trying to sell it. He still blushes when talking, though, especially around women, but it’s a quality which I reckon endears him to people.
I find a space round the corner from the bank, and once I’ve parked up I make my way inside. I’d have preferred the place to be busy, but it turns out I’m the only punter around and the counter staff outnumber me by two to one. Feeling as much like a criminal as I did when trying to sneak money through Carl’s letterbox, I reach into my pocket and take out a paying-in book for Charlie’s account – the book being one she inadvertently left in a drawer at home – together with a cheque I wrote last night. The cheque is for fifty-thousand quid, and I have to say it scares me a little bit that I no longer think of fifty grand as big bucks.
It’s Charlie’s birthday today, and things have come to this after three failed months of trying to persuade her to take a share of my winnings. I figure it this way: if I pay money directly to her account, she’ll have to do more than say no if she wants to turn it down. Instead, she’ll have to actively return the funds to me, and I’m making it as hard as I can for her to do so. If I were to wire her the money, she could wire it straight back, but there’s more work involved in returning a payment made by cheque. And because this cheque is for a smaller amount than the one she tore up in December, I’m hoping she’ll give in this time, and simply keep the bloody dough.
I’m feeling anxious as I approach the counter, because I have heard that some branches will give the third degree to anyone paying a significant sum into somebody else’s account. Apparently, it’s the case that the banks are concerned about shady goings-on: about drug deals, money laundering and other illicit stuff. I certainly don’t want to be bothered with a load of their questions today, which is why I’d prefer to be served by the older of the cashiers on duty. He’s got an easygoing smile and definitely seems the more laid back of the two. Unfortunately, though, it’s his younger colleague who looks at me with Gestapo eyes and summons me to her till. She has scraped-back hair, a prison-guard uprightness and the bristly demeanour of someone who wants to be in charge but hasn’t managed it yet. I hand her Charlotte’s paying-in book and the cheque for fifty big ones. She studies both, and then studies me as well. I’m in my greasy mechanics’ overalls, and her look says, What’s your game, you fucking chancer?
I blithely shrug my shoulders. ‘Ex girlfriend,’ I tell her. ‘It’s her share of the proceeds from me selling our old house.’
She doesn’t blink. I reckon there’s a bullshit detector going off in her head, and just for a minute I think she’s about to query all of this – to say or do something that scuppers my plan.
But eventually her eyes turn down. She processes the transaction without saying so much as a word. After stashing the cheque in a counter-top drawer, she stamps the book and returns it to me. She doesn’t reply when I thank her for her help.
Back in the car, driving away, still trying to shake that feeling of having done something illegal, I ask myself what made me do it anyway. Why have I given Charlie fifty grand she said she didn’t even want?
The first reason, so I reckon, is that part of me still wants her back in my life. By depositing the money directly into her account, and on her birthday as well, I’ve let her know two things. The first is that I don’t give up easily. The second is that she’s still in my thoughts.
But there’s another part of me which knows my time with Charlie is over – that we’re history as a couple, and that she’s no more interested in getting back together than she was three months ago, on the night she and Michelle moved her stuff out of the house. I know Charlie’s gotten ever more serious with this bloke, Moses, while for my part I’m spending an average of five nights a week in the company of Kate.
Which brings me to my second reason for paying Charlotte the money: it’s about me saying sorry and easing my conscience. Maybe by doing so I’m admitting my belief in another aspect of karma – a different aspect than that which made me give Carl thirty grand in the hope that the gods would somehow compel Isabel to answer my phone call after three years apart. This new and latest karmic consideration is about us (people in general) doing something right after doing something wrong, so as to balance things out and wipe clean our personal slates. I reckon that maybe we try to make our amends as quickly as we can – to pay what we think is a fair price before the fates come along and demand a heavier punishment than the one we had in mind. Maybe that’s why I’ve been so keen to pay Charlie some money all these weeks since we split.
I check the time showing on the Hyundai’s dashboard clock. It’s been ten minutes since Kev phoned, which means it’s probably fifteen or twenty since Reuben Fitzgerald rocked up. I don’t want him waiting around too long, and so I put my foot down, and once I’m back I dash straight onto the pitch with my overalls still on. 
If I hadn’t actually known he was here, I’d still have recognised Reuben Fitzgerald from a good distance away. He’s tall and rangy for one thing, and there’s the easy way he carries himself for another. When I get closer, I notice he’s wearing another handmade suit, this time with half an inch of handkerchief poking from the top pocket of his jacket. He’s examining the Juke’s paintwork as I approach, and so doesn’t spot me at first. When he finally does look up, I offer my hand and thank him for his patience. 
He says he’s been happy waiting as he’s been able get a couple of calls made. He adds that it’s good to see me again, and that it was a pleasant surprise to find himself talking to me when he phoned up yesterday. Then he looks around my pitch. ‘So, this is your place,’ he says. ‘You sounded proud of yourself on the phone, and I’m starting to see why.’
I thank him for the compliment. I am proud of the place, and that’s because it’s finally starting to look like a proper dealership. I’ve now got seventeen cars on display, all of them clean and well presented. Meanwhile, the site is free of litter and I’ve pulled up the weeds which had begun poking through the concrete in the early days of spring. Also, the bays and directional arrows are clearly marked in my car park, Kev and I having laid them down a few days back. And then there’s my signage: above the newly painted front door, there’s a big, bold sign proclaiming Serious Car Sales. It looks a lot like the blue/grey logo I first put together on my laptop during the afternoon before Charlie came round for her things.
Reuben Fitzgerald asks, ‘So how long have you been up and running?’
‘Coming up for three months. I’ve had the keys to the place since just after Christmas.’
He gives a little low whistle of admiration – one which adds to my sense of pride. ‘I bet it’s been a lot of work,’ he says. 
‘It has,’ I reply.
‘I thought when we first met that you asked a lot of questions about business.’
‘Yeah, and now you know why. You advice was invaluable, by the way, although I’ve got a confession: there isn’t much happening yet in terms of Triple Bottom Line. It’s only the single bottom line I’m focused on right now.’
He smiles indulgently. ‘You have to start somewhere, Jimmy. And how is everything, three months in?’
‘All good so far. I’m happy with progress. I’d be happier still if you’d buy this lovely Juke from me.’
He tilts back his head and laughs. ‘Maybe,’ he says, ‘we should go inside and discuss matters further.’
And so we go indoors, where things are noisy and crowded. Emma’s in the front office with her punters, a middle-aged couple who don’t seem bothered that their two kids are chasing each other around and jumping all over the furniture. Kev’s on the phone, apparently dealing with questions about another of our cars, and trying to make himself heard above the din. He looks at me and shrugs, as if to ask what he’s supposed to do about the unruly kids. I discreetly shake my head at him – there’s not much he can do except suck it up for now.
I take Reuben Fitzgerald to my office out back. It’s not where we’d normally bring customers, but it’s clean and tidy enough, and quieter right now than front of shop. When I explain to him that I’m based out here and in my overalls because I’ve found it easier to employ a salesperson than a mechanic, he nods knowingly and says he admires my flexibility. I bask in his approval for a minute and don’t tell him that the idea was Isabel’s.
In fact, I don’t mention Isabel at all, and I certainly don’t tell him that the Juke is actually her old car – not when he’s smart enough to figure out that I’ll have paid top dollar for the thing, meaning there’ll likely be Jukes elsewhere he could pick up for less money.  Instead, I emphasise that this Juke is a great looking example (I’ve had the stone chips and scuffed alloys sorted out), that it drives superbly, and that the previous lady owner only exchanged it because she was looking for a smaller car due to her starting a business and wanting to save some money. 
For his part, Reuben Fitzgerald tells me that this purchase would have nothing to do with Triple Bottom Line, or any other kind of charitable giving. Instead, it transpires that his partner, Keith, has a daughter, Christina, and that the car is to be a present from father to daughter for her eighteenth birthday. When I reply by asking why Keith isn’t here in person, Reuben Fitzgerald laughs at me like I’ve asked the world’s stupidest question.
‘If you knew him, Jimmy, you’d understand his reasons exactly. Keith’s brilliant at his job – he’s a first-class dentist as it happens – but he’s hopeless and impractical about almost anything else. When there’s any buying and selling to be done, he gets me to do it for him. I’m much better than he is at doing deals.’
That last remark of his seems to stir up an air of tension, and Reuben Fitzgerald looks at me keenly. ‘So this Juke, Jimmy. How about it? What’s your best price?’
 ‘I can’t help you with a discount, Mr Fitzgerald. It is a great car, in lovely condition, with low mileage. And I reckon it’s priced keenly as things already stand.’
His eager look creases rapidly into a frown. ‘You’re saying there’s no money off at all?’
‘I’m saying you ought to take it for a spin and see for yourself how well it drives. I remember when you bought the Verso that you didn’t want a test drive, but the Juke is different. You’ll be keeping it in the family, won’t you?’
My smart, savvy punter sits back and folds his arms. I can hear his foot tapping the concrete floor, the way it tapped the old sales floor last December, when I first met him and he was fast losing patience with Carl. ‘I take your point about a test drive,’ he says. ‘But I’m not happy with the price. There are cheaper ones on the market.’
‘There are. But have you been to see them? And do you know whether they look or drive as well as this one?’
He doesn’t immediately answer, and a few awkward seconds pass by in silence. I reckon we’re both waiting for the other to speak next. It could be a while before either of us does.
But then there’s movement outside the office window. Next second, Emma knocks the door and pokes her head inside. The look on her face says she’s about ready to punch someone, although though the tone of her voice says she’s sorry to disturb us. ‘Boss,’ she asks, ‘can I talk to you for a minute?’
‘You can,’ I tell her, grateful for an escape from the deadlock. Then, to Reuben Fitzgerald, I say, ‘I’m sorry about this. Would you excuse me for two minutes? This is what it’s like when you’re a small company.’
‘It’s fine,’ he replies airily, waving me away as I get up from my chair. ‘Please have another think about the Juke’s price while you’re gone.’
Emma and I walk away from the office, out of Reuben Fitzgerald’s earshot. We head to the centre of the workshop, where I’ve got a smart little Citroen jacked up in order for me to change its brake pads. Emma’s clearly embarrassed about butting in on my meeting, and she apologises for the interruption. 
‘Don’t worry, I tell her. ‘Your timing’s actually good – I’d like my man to have a minute by himself.’
‘That’s alright, then,’ she says. ‘But anyway, about these people I’m with – sorry boss, but I’ve gone to your best price for their Alfa Romeo and he’s still not having it. They’re too much up their own arses about that bloody car. He’s like, “it’s a premium Italian marque, you know.” And their kids are a right pair of shits. I’d like to give them both a slap.’
‘Tempting,’ I reply, ‘but that might not help get you the deal done.’ 
She allows herself a giggle. ‘Maybe not.’
‘So what do you reckon would?’
‘I reckon two-hundred quid would do it,’ she replies.
I shove my hands into my pockets and walk a circuit round the Citroen on its trolley jack. ‘Emma, have you ever taken an Alfa in exchange before?’
‘Not that I remember.’	
‘You’ll find their owners often act like this.’ 
‘Like wankers, you mean.’ She pulls at a stray strand of hair, tucking it behind her ear.
‘Something like that,’ I reply. ‘Alfa owners tend never to be average people. Half of them are lovely, so much so you’ll want them to adopt you. But the other half can be wankers, just like you say. You’ll get used to them, though – you’ll get used to all sorts in this job.’
‘I suppose so,’ she says doubtfully. ‘But what do I do with this pair?’
‘Alright, well... they’re looking to buy the Peugeot, yeah?’
‘That’s right. The white 308.’
‘Okay,’ I tell her, ‘here’s how we’ll play it. I’m not offering them another two-hundred quid. The deal’s too tight for that. Tell him there’s fifty, but that’s the end of it. Fifty quid off ours or fifty more for theirs, however they prefer to play it. But that’s it. And we’re not paying for any tax or putting more fuel in the car.’
‘Understood,’ she says.
‘But we have got another option. There’s over a week until month-end, so we can be a bit flexible here. They can pay a deposit today, and then go away to see if they can sell their Alfa for more money privately. As long as they pick up the Peugeot before the end of March, I’m fine with that. It gives them a few days to sell their car for the most they can get, and I’ll still stand by my offer for the Alfa if they can’t do better with a private sale.’
‘Great idea. I’ll put it to them.’
‘But Emma, if they want to do that then the minimum deposit is a thousand quid today, non-refundable. I’m not holding a car so long for anything less.’
‘Sounds fair,’ she says. ‘What if they’re still not having it?’
I shrug. ‘Then let them walk away. Sometimes that’s all you can do.’
‘Okay. But I reckon I’ll deal ’em now, anyway.’ 
‘I reckon you will. And no pressure, Missus,’ – I hold out my fist for her to bump – ‘but the electricity bill came this morning, and so we need some deals today.’
Emma smiles and bumps fists. ‘On it,’ she says. She starts to walk away, but then stops and turns back. ‘How are you getting on?’ she asks, lowering her voice and glancing towards my office. ‘This is your punter from the old place, isn’t it? The one who phoned yesterday?’
‘Yes it is. Reuben Fitzgerald, he’s called. And I’m getting on okay, but he is hard work.’
She smoothes out some imaginary creases in her skirt. ‘Tell me if you want me to come in and show some leg.’
‘Nice idea, but I think he’d be more interested in my pins than yours.’
‘Seriously?’ she says. ‘Who knew? But, boss, I’d laugh at you in a miniskirt.’
I reply that she’ll never get the chance, and then, as she returns to her punters, I ask her to get Kev to come through and offer Reuben Fitzgerald more coffee.
Back in the office, Fitzgerald says, ‘I’ve seen that girl before, haven’t I?’
‘You have. The day you bought a Verso from me, you met her outside, in the car park.’
‘That’s right. So, is she your business partner, maybe?’
‘No. Or at least not yet. She was one of the top salespeople at our old place, and I managed to persuade her to come here and work for me.’
‘Well, good for you.’ He grimaces slightly, stretching in the hard wooden chair opposite mine. ‘Now, about this Juke you’re trying so hard not to sell me... ’
‘It’s not that I don’t want to sell it. We just need to agree about the money.’
Kev knocks the door before Reuben Fitzgerald can reply. I beckon him in and he takes our orders for coffee. Once he’s gone, I say, ‘Look, Mr Fitzgerald, I’ll tell you what I’ll do. The Juke is already priced keenly, as I said to you before. And I’ll be up front and tell you that my profit margins on that car are slim. But I’ve just told Emma she can offer fifty pounds to get a tight deal done. For the sake of fairness, I’ll offer you the same – fifty pounds off the Juke. If there were any more, you could have it, but that’s all I can do without cutting my throat.’
‘Fifty pounds?’ He laughs, briefly and hollowly. I remain deadpan. His eyes search my face, and I make a point of holding his gaze.
‘Okay,’ he says, sitting back and steepling his fingers. ‘I’ll tell you what I’m going to do. I’d like to take that test drive you suggested. And if the Juke drives as well as you say it does, I’ll do the deal. I’ll buy the thing with fifty pounds off.’
I’m surprised he’s finally gone for it, but I act as if I’m not, and I reach across to shake his hand. ‘That’s great news,’ I say. ‘You won’t regret doing this. It really is a great car.’
Reuben Fitzgerald shakes on the deal, but he isn’t exactly turning cartwheels. ‘Fifty miserly quid,’ he says. ‘It must be the worst discount I’ve ever negotiated on anything.’
‘Like I said, you won’t regret it. Keith will be delighted with you, and I’m sure Christina will be too.’
‘Hmmm, whatever,’ he replies, casting me a rueful little look. ‘I’m sure they’ll both be happy, but don’t you want to know why I’ve chosen to go ahead? Why I’m doing the deal in spite of your derisory offer?’
‘Because it’s still a great car for the money? And maybe because you’re a busy man who doesn’t have the time to go looking at other Jukes?’
‘Partly so. But it’s more because of you.’
‘Me?’
‘Yes, you.’ He sits up straighter in the hard-backed chair and begins to explain. ‘While you were talking to Emma, I remembered that you once spent sixty pounds of your own money on petrol for that Verso I bought from you. And one good turn deserves another – that’s what I say.’
‘It’s nice that you remembered,’ I reply, ‘but I’d rather you were happy with the Juke on its own merits.’
‘I am,’ he says. ‘It’s simply that your past generosity was enough to tip the scales when a decision was hanging in the balance. Think of this as your payback for doing a good thing once upon a time.’
‘If you say so, Mr Fitzgerald. In the end, I’m here to sell cars, not to second guess customers.’ I get up from my desk and head for the door. ‘I’ll get you those keys so you can go for a spin.’
‘That will be fine, Jimmy.’
But an obvious question occurs to me before I’ve made it out of the office. ‘Do you believe in the idea of payback?’ I ask Reuben Fitzgerald from the doorway. ‘The idea that if you do good things, then good things come back to you?’
‘Believe in it?’ he replies. ‘Well isn’t that what’s just happened to you?’
‘It is, but that’s not exactly what I meant. You see, I –’
‘I know what you mean,’ he interrupts. ‘You’re asking about the big, celestial picture, aren’t you? The idea that the gods reward us for doing the right thing?’
‘Yes,’ I say. ‘I suppose I am.’
‘I think we like the concept of it, Jimmy. I think we like the concept because it means we can directly influence how much good stuff happens to us. We like believing that the more good we do, the more good we get.’ 
I look at him for a long moment. Reuben Fitzgerald strikes me as the kind of bloke who’ll freely tell you ninety-five percent of everything he knows, but will guard the other five percent with everything he’s got. ‘Tell me to mind my own business,’ I reply, ‘but it sounds to me as though you don’t much believe in the idea.’
He rubs his chin and shrugs. ‘You can find arguments for and arguments against. But we human beings are only here for a short time, and we don’t get to learn any definite answers to these big metaphysical questions. Myself, I try to keep an open mind, but I don’t use up loads of time thinking about these kind of conundrums – not when I’ll never know the truth.
‘I guess that makes sense,’ I reply.
Reuben Fitzgerald glances at his watch. ‘Jimmy, if I’m going to drive that Juke I need to get it done.’
‘Of course,’ I apologise. ‘I’ll get those keys now.’
The keys aren’t far away – they’re locked in a drawer in the front office. It takes me less than a minute to get them, but Kev has delivered those coffees by the time I’m back. Perhaps that’s why Reuben Fitzgerald has lost his sense of urgency, or maybe he’s simply thought some more about the ideas we were just discussing. Either way, he now decides to build upon the conversation: 
‘When I do good things for people, I try not to have complex motives linked to transcendent ideas of payback, either in this life or the next. I do these things because they make me feel good about who I am in the here and now. I don’t think there’s much more to it than that.’
‘That’s fair enough,’ I reply. ‘Things sound ever so straightforward with you.’
‘I don’t over-think things, Jimmy – I try to avoid agonising about stuff. And I tend to make decisions quickly, while accepting that I won’t always get them right. You see, I’m not hard on myself about sometimes being wrong. I’m a fallible human being, and one who recognises as much.’
I start filling out the form my insurers need whenever punters take test drives. ‘Thanks for the advice,’ I say. ‘You could become a life coach if you ever got bored of computing and stuff.’
‘Funnily enough, you’re not the first to say that.’
‘Any other tips for me, then, before you go driving in the Juke?’
‘Yes,’ he says. ‘Always count your blessings. Never take them for granted. You have no idea how long they’ll last.’
I’m not sure what I was expecting when I asked Reuben Fitzgerald whether or not he believed in karma. If I was expecting some big complex insight then I certainly didn’t get one. Yet his simple words of advice linger in my mind through the rest of the morning and into the afternoon, long after he’s driven the Juke, paid his deposit and gone on his way. I’m still mulling things over when Emma brings me a coffee so that we can have a natter. She’s still buzzing at having dealt the Alfa people – the extra fifty quid having finally proved enough – and I’m impressed when she says she may have a buyer for the smart Italian coupe when it arrives here in part-exchange.
‘I was going to auction it,’ I reply. ‘But if you’ve got someone on the go, then good luck to you. That’s what top salespeople do – they get punters lined up and ready before cars come into stock.’
‘So, can I send my bloke this picture?’ She produces her phone and shows me a photo she’s taken of the Alfa. ‘I mean, is it, like, legal to send it if the car’s not here yet?’
‘I don’t know,’ I reply. ‘But send it anyway. Just make it clear that the car won’t be here for another couple of days – and don’t get into a discussion about price before then.’
‘I promise,’ she says, as she busies herself with sending the snap. ‘Anyway, are you alright? You seemed a bit down when I walked in.’
‘I’m okay,’ I reply. ‘If I seemed subdued, it’s only because I was thinking things over. But I’m feeling fine – I promise you that.’ 
Much later still, while changing the brake pads on that Citroen, it occurs to me that I really am feeling fine. I’m actually feeling finer than I have for a long time, and I reckon there several reasons why that might be. For one, my business is going well. For another, that payment to Charlotte feels like a weight off my shoulders. For yet another, my mood has also been lightened by the things Reuben Fitzgerald said to me while he was here earlier. Not so much his opinions about karma as his reminder that we are, after all, only human. He told me that it’s okay to make mistakes sometimes, and to get things wrong in the course of trying to get them right. And so, when I think now about those five crazy days in December, I can see that I actually got suckered by one of the pitfalls on the list I’d made of things that go wrong in the life of lottery winners. I felt that, because I’d won the lottery, my life should conform to some idealised concept of perfection, and as such I pressured myself to make it that way, quickly and permanently. I was trying to create a worry-free life of joy and excellence that I could sustain forever and ever, amen.  In reality, I was just beating myself up. I may have noticed all the nearly fights arising that week, but I overlooked the really fights I was having with myself.
Going forward, there’ll be no more shooting for perfection. Yes, I’ll still be aiming high, but not excessively so, and I certainly won’t be beating myself up as much. Instead, I’m going to do what Reuben Fitzgerald says he does. I’m going to avoid being hard on myself when life isn’t perfect. And I’m going to accept that I’ll sometimes get things wrong. Counting my blessings more often wouldn’t be a bad idea, either, because I’ve certainly got plenty to count. I’ve got family, money and friends. Plus, I’ve got a new business and a new girlfriend, and I’m really happy with them both. 
While I’m in an easing-up-on-myself kind of mood, I have the idea of going to the pub after work – something we haven’t done since Serious Car Sales opened for business. When I take my suggestion to the front office, Kev apologises and says he’s already arranged to play five-a-side with his mates. His face goes red of course, so red you could probably iron a shirt with one of his cheeks. I tell him to chill out because we’ll have a beer some other night.
Emma’s buzzing more than ever by now. She high-fives me because she’s done her second deal of the day, and makes a point of telling me to get the electricity bill paid. She says she’d love to go for a drink, but her mouth turns down when I suggest she invites Wes. I’m not completely surprised by her reaction, because I’ve noticed how tired she’s been getting of his attitude when he rocks up here for lunch.
‘It would be nice to see Wes,’ I tell her. ‘I haven’t had a proper chat with him for ages. It’s up to you, though, whether you phone him. Your choice entirely.’
Emma tosses her hair and says she’ll think about giving him a call. I tell her that’s fine. Then I head back to my workshop. We’ll be closing for the day in forty minutes time.
It takes me half an hour to finish off the Citroen and tidy up my workshop. Then I peel off my overalls and degrease my hands. In the office, I get my coat from the back of a chair, and make sure that my phone, keys and wallet are all in the pockets. I’m about to turn off the lights when I notice another phone lying on top of a filing cabinet. I realise that it’s Emma’s phone. She must have left it behind after she’d sent the Alfa photo to her prospective punter. Given that it’s still there, she won’t have phoned Wes. And given that she hasn’t come looking for it, I’ll bet she hasn’t even thought of calling him.
Well, that’s fine. Emma and Wes’s relationship is Emma and Wes’s business. It isn’t mine, not for a minute.
But it could become my business if Emma and I go to the pub and she decides to flirt with me like she did when we were locking up the other week. There are only so many times a man can resist temptation, especially when he’s just decided to stop being so hard on himself.
I pick up Emma’s phone, switch out the workshop lights and make my way to the front reception. I tell myself to be careful tonight, more careful than I was when I took Isabel’s Juke back and she invited me in for coffee. It’s all well and good that I’ve decided to forgive myself a few mistakes, but forgiveness could become habit forming. And it would be easy indeed to end up forgiving myself too many times for too many things.
Or so I reckon, anyway.

THE END

But a quick couple of afterthoughts...
Number one – If you liked this book, please tell all your friends. Also, if you want to offer me any specific feedback, then do feel free. I’m @CunliffeRich on Twitter, or you can get in touch via richardcunliffe.com , where you can also sign up for my newsletter and receive a free copy of my Jimmy Harris prequel story, Jimmy’s Early Days.
Number two – I’ve thought of one other thing which Jimmy and I have in common. We both used the late Allen Carr’s Easyway method to stop smoking. If you’re a smoker who wants to quit, I recommend giving Easyway a go. (I never met Mr Carr, by the way, and have no financial interest in the organisation he left behind).
That’s it, then. Thanks once again for reading. Since completing this book, I’ve also published two more. They’re called They’re Closing The Lamb and Musket, and Red Leicester Blues. There’s more information about them on the next page.
Until the next one,
Richard Cunliffe
April 2018 (Updated January 2020, and February 2022)
All These Nearly Fights
Jimmy Harris, a super-slick salesman, has won millions playing the lottery, but has yet to give up his job wheeling and dealing at the car showroom where he's regularly one of the top performers. In point of fact, nothing has changed in Jimmy's life since his numbers came up. Not only has he hardly dipped into his winnings, he hasn't even let on to people that he's actually won the money. At the apex of Jimmy's inaction lies a dilemma concerning his love life. Should he stay faithful to his gorgeous girlfriend, Charlotte? Or perhaps he could leverage his winnings to try hooking up once more with sexy ex, Isabel, who broke his heart when she left him for a richer man. Christmas is coming, and Jimmy knows it's high time he did something with his new-found wealth. Join him for five crazy days in December as he begins to reinvent his life.

Fault on Both Sides
Jimmy Harris is back, and his life is spiralling out of control. Compelled to decide between two beautiful women, he manages to alienate them both. His career is in ruins, too, following a fracas at the car dealership where he had been in contention to become top salesman. And Jimmy's ideas about starting a dealership of his own have also hit trouble now that his best mate and business partner has got cold feet.

It's just as well, then, that our hero has won millions playing the lottery. With all that money, allied to his natural charm and guile, surely he'll soon have his life back together. Or will he? Might Jimmy actually make things worse as only he can? Fault on Both Sides is the concluding episode in the Jimmy Harris story, and describes Jimmy's roller-coaster ride to put right the things he did wrong in his earlier adventure, All These Nearly Fights.

They’re Closing The Lamb and Musket
The end draws near for The Lamb and Musket. Ear-marked for demolition, with a supermarket to be built in its stead, it seems nothing can save this treasured old pub from its impending demise.
But thirty-something friends Ricky and Patrick may yet have a trick or two up their sleeves. Both are regulars at The Lamb. Both are shrewd, sharp and smart – successful in business and streetwise as they come. If anyone can save The Lamb, it’ll be one or other of this pair.
Trouble is, both Ricky and Patrick are heavily distracted. Ricky’s busy at work, and even busier cheating on Caroline – his wife and childhood sweetheart. Patrick is aghast at Ricky’s infidelity, but grateful for it too, recognising an opportunity to make his own move on Caroline, whom he considers to be gorgeous.
Meanwhile, time ticks down on The Lamb and Musket, despite the dogged but futile efforts of campaign chairman Gareth, whose obsession with saving the pub (while winning the heart of barmaid Mel), leads him into bad company and the embrace of bad ideas – all of which look like landing him in jail. And just in case the Lamb’s patrons didn’t have enough on their plates, a simmering feud between Patrick and a local gang of hooligans gets entirely out of hand on the pub’s very last night of trading, with the bloodiest of consequences ensuing.
And yet, somehow and some way, there may just be a miracle on the horizon. The Lamb and Musket has one chance to come back from extinction. Might anyone step up and make it count?


Red Leicester Blues
It's the 1970s in Leicester, and New Parks kid Billy Prendergast is, at face value, a pretty regular five-year-old. He has a bullying elder brother, a pesky younger sister, and an interest in Doctor Who bordering on the obsessive. But other aspects of Billy's life aren't so commonplace. His keen and precocious interest in politics is totally unexpected from one so young, and his enthusiasm for Margaret Thatcher, in particular, appears very unlikely in a Labour-voting household. 

Forty years later, Billy remains both a fan of Doctor Who and an advocate of right-wing politics. He also happens to have made a small fortune building a successful, Leicester-based advertising business. But cleverness and money aren't getting him a date with the woman he adores, and nor are they likely to help when Billy's brother Keith is released from prison with vengeance on his mind.
They’re Closing the Lamb and Musket (Prologue)

Patrick zips up his jeans and turns away from the urinal. He turns slowly and mindfully, as drunks often will, so as to keep his balance and ensure he remains upright. Then, acting on a post-piss afterthought, he stops, turns carefully back, and spits against the porcelain. His phlegm is tinged with pink. Not the vivid red of earlier this evening, but there’s definitely some pinkness there – just enough to let him know that his gums are still bleeding, even if only a little.
When, finally, he gets around to washing his hands, he happens to glance at his reflection in the mirror over the sink. The mirror, which is chipped and old, and flaunts the logo of a long-defunct brewery in one lower corner, has, like most things in the pub, only an hour or so remaining of its serviceable life. Drunk and melancholic, Patrick takes a moment to study his reflection carefully and with intent, as if seeing himself properly for the first time in goodness knows how long. It’s a handsome face which stares back at him, dark-eyed and a little bit swarthy – prototypically Irish. Patrick raises a hand to his swollen lip and winces slightly. His mouth will be sore in the morning, an additional discomfort to the storm-force hangover he knows is coming to him – a hangover he could no longer avert even were he to draw an immediate line under the night’s drinking and go home right away. Patrick glowers at his reflection and breathes a deep, drunken sigh of regret. He’s had his share of hangovers, and this is hardly the first time he’s been smacked in the mouth, but tomorrow will be made more difficult by the remembrance that it’s Ricky he’s been fighting with.
Still moving slowly and deliberately, Patrick turns away from the sink and the mirror and the reflection of his bashed-up face. While he stands swaying at the asthmatic-sounding hand dryer, the door opens from the connecting passageway to the bar, and two more drunks come tottering in. Before the door can swing closed again, Patrick briefly absorbs the hullabaloo of several dozen conversations, a sudden torrent of casual laughter, and the playing on the jukebox of what he thinks is Back in the USSR, by the Beatles. Again thinking back to events of earlier this evening, Patrick heaves out another drunken sigh. The last night at The Lamb, and things had to end up like this – scrapping with his best frickin mate in the world. Meantime, that jukebox will soon fall silent for the very final time.
Of the two other men who’ve come into the washroom, one is bloody Dave Bickerstaff – a harmless enough loon for sure, albeit one who can drive a man to distraction with his ceaseless bullshit about the many racy cars and even racier women which he insists have adorned his life. Bickerstaff hastens into one of the two cubicles against the far wall, where he immediately begins the undignified process of throwing up the excesses of booze which he must have put away tonight. The other newcomer is basically still a kid – he’s tall and skinny, without much facial hair, but sporting an egregious outbreak of acne on his chin and forehead. 
Although Patrick doesn’t know the kid, the kid appears to know him. “Alright, Pat?” the kid slurs, weaving his way to the urinals. Although most certainly drunk, the kid’s probably less drunk than Patrick, and clearly in a better state than Dave Bickerstaff, who sounds to be throwing up so violently that Patrick wonders whether the lining of Bickerstaff’s stomach will egress along with all that puke.
Patrick isn’t in a sociable mood. And he objects to the excessive familiarity shown by the kid, whose casual use of use of ‘Alright, Pat?’ has served to wind him up far more than it ever should have done. Briefly, Patrick considers having a harsh word to set the young sprog straight – he tries out several replies in his head, each more belligerent than the last. But in the end, the only harsh word he has is with himself, and before saying anything aloud he resolves not to be quite such a pompous twat. “Sure, what’s yer name, kiddo?” he finally asks by way of response.
“Darren,” comes the reply, the youngster glancing over his shoulder as he stands at the porcelain. “Or Daz, if you like.”
“Well, Darren, I’m alright then. And I hope yer alright too.”
Patrick pivots away, puts one foot in front of the other, and aims his drunken self towards the door. He realises that in talking to the kid he still managed to sound up his own arse, but he hopes he spoke in a way which wasn’t unfriendly. It seems important, right now, to avoid being unfriendly, for the simple reason that he’s had enough trouble for one evening, and surely doesn’t want any more. But then, as he reaches out to pull open the door, someone else begins pushing from the other side, and when Patrick takes a step back to see who’s coming in, he realises, with a sinking sensation in his stomach, that he will be getting more trouble tonight, whether he happens to want it or not.
In walks the huge, shaven-headed fella who Patrick knew would come for him eventually, but whom he’d largely forgotten about during the drunken travails of the evening so far. The man is again wearing his quilted bomber jacket, with the collar worn low so as to show off the image of the snake tattooed upon his neck. Following him through the door, and then fanning out on either flank, are two of his inhospitable-looking friends. The first, Patrick thinks, is the one they call KGB – the wiry-looking bloke who, ridiculous as it sounds, is alleged to keep a knife in his shoe. The other accomplice is female. It’s the same attractive but hard-faced brunette from The Beethoven Lounge, the girl believed to have beaten up Ricky’s sister while she was queuing for a nightclub. In addition to a sleeveless leather jacket, the brunette has on a tiny mini-skirt and whale-net tights. Her confident manner suggests she’s in no way uneasy about walking into the gents’ toilet of a crowded pub while wearing very little, and she smiles almost lewdly at Patrick while her accomplice does the talking.
“My, oh my,” says Snake Neck, shaking his head in mock regret and making a show of cracking his knuckles. “Looks like you’ve been fighting with your silly mates already. But you’re in the big boys’ playground now, and we hit so much harder than your friends do.”
Snake Neck takes a step forward, and Patrick instinctively takes one back. The sudden imminence of danger has taken the edge off his drunkenness, and his mind feels sharp as he frantically considers his options. The hard-faced brunette and KGB have advanced either side of Snake Neck, leaving Patrick no room to try wriggling around the sides. And he also has to rule out any thoughts of locking himself in the second cubicle when the pimply kid, Darren (‘or Daz, if you like’), chooses that particular sanctuary for himself. It seems, then, that there are no credible means of escape, and Patrick seriously considers shouting for help as the three hard-nuts back him further into the room. But he soon dismisses that idea too. The Lamb is packed out for its final night of trading, and it’s way too noisy out there for anyone to hear some hapless dickhead hollering in the shitter.
And so, other than curling up and taking his beating, Patrick considers himself to have only one option left. He can take the fight to these three Brit bastards – yeah, that’s what he can frickin well do. His uncle and the others back home would certainly approve of the idea, as would his da, for sure. And even Patrick’s ma would have to agree that he was only trying to defend himself.
But if he is going to fight, then he needs to fight soon. He’s been backed up to the wall by now, the old wrought-iron radiator pressing into the small of his back. He can feel the radiator’s gurgling hotness even through his coat, and despite his precarious circumstances he takes a moment to reflect that the radiator will soon fall cold and silent, its working life over, just like those of the jukebox, the mirror over the sink, and all the other hardware to be found around the pub. It’s a big beast, that old radiator, and Patrick knows it will be worth a few quid to whoever weighs it in at the scrapyard.
“Nowhere left to run, asshole,” says Snake Neck, less nonchalantly this time, from only three paces away. “You’re gonna get such a slapping you’ll wish you’d stayed in the old country with the rest of your paddy filth.”
Now it’s the brunette’s turn to make an elaborate display of cracking her knuckles. Then she examines her nails and says to Snake Neck, “Let me have first hit.”
Snake Neck glances first at her, and then at KGB. He smiles cruelly, but doesn’t immediately reply. In fact, for a brief couple of seconds, no one has anything further to say, neither Patrick nor anyone from among his trio of would-be assailants. The only sound to be heard is the dry retching of Dave Bickerstaff, who has emptied his stomach but seemingly can’t abate the need to vomit. Patrick cocks an ear towards Bickerstaff’s cubicle, and then summons the courage to take a long hard look at the three people who are here to kick his face in.
“That man being sick,” says Patrick to Snake Neck. “The only reason he’s so ill is he saw yer fuck-ugly face in town tonight.”
Snake Neck, who possibly hadn’t expected defiance, looks momentarily taken aback, his mouth falling open just enough for Patrick to imagine the big bastard’s teeth clacking together from a good hard smack to the jaw.
“I mean, come on,” continues Patrick, by now feeling sharp of mind as the adrenal mechanism of fight-or-flight kicks in.  “Ya look hideous enough the way God made ya, but even worse with such a shite tattoo as that.” Patrick gauges the distance between himself and Snake Neck, and then shuffles minutely to adjust his footing, getting onto the balls of his feet and bunching his fists. “Seriously,” he adds, “just take a look at yerself, will ya? Small frickin wonder yer mates are so gruesome as well.”
Now all three of them look momentarily surprised. But Patrick knows that ‘momentarily’ is the operative word in this instance. They will all tear into him in a minute, unless he can launch his own attack while they’re still registering his unexpected insolence. It’s now or never for Patrick, and he certainly doesn’t want it to be never. And so, with surpluses of adrenalin and whiskey coursing their way through him, Patrick puts a foot on the radiator and pushes off hard, launching himself forward with his fists clenched and ready to swing.

