Grayland

By Terry Volkirch

Copyright 2021 Terry Volkirch

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of 
the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial 
purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own 
copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents

Prologue – prologue for all stories – only read once
Lucky in Love – love story
When Dreams Come True – belated coming of age story
Awakening – cautionary tale
The Nobody – coming of age story
The Meteorite – melodrama
Cheating Death – murder mystery
The Synesthesia Plague – mild horror with a happy ending
All That Glitters – love story
A Killer Convention – murder mystery
End of the World – combined epilogue for all of the stories
About Terry Volkirch
Prologue

Imagine our universe with no color. Stars shine a bright white-gray, casting charcoal shadows on monochrome worlds. Earth reflects nothing but shades of gray. Every person is gray.
Then imagine a tiny amount of color showing up in this reality.
Roughly a hundred years ago, the first teenager developed color in Ireland, and the world gasped to see a green-eyed girl with red hair.
Fast forward to the present time and color is still very rare. Only a few thousand people out of billions have it. No one knows where it comes from and it's impossible to predict who gets it. Everything about color seems impossible.
Adding to the mystery — color temporarily bleeds into any living or non-living thing that’s touched by someone with color. The colorful few give color to their clothes simply by wearing them. Everything has the potential for color and those special few somehow unlock that potential.
Some gray people find color to be beautiful, and being able to share color, even temporarily, appeals to them. They hold a healthy appreciation of color. Then there are those who love color a little too much. They become obsessed with it. But lovers of color are a minority.
The vast majority of the world's population hate color to some degree. They hate how it stands out, they hate how it can spread, and they especially hate the strangest, most perplexing thing that comes with color. They hate the special abilities. Each person with color gains a random ability that makes scientists throw up their hands and mutter about quantum magic.
Most special abilities are relatively harmless and are used more for casual entertainment than anything else. A person with color might be able to change their height by a few inches or have the ability to make objects glow with a dim light. Weak abilities don't cause any concern.
The most vocal color haters justify their prejudice by pointing out the danger of the several dozen people with abilities that science categorizes as strong. Strong abilities often cause harm and even kill, accidentally or purposely. Any teenager could suddenly develop color and gain a new terrible ability that might destroy civilization.
The world might never fully accept color, but that won’t make color go away or lessen its strange beauty. Those with color can do amazing, impossible things. Color graces each of them with a special gift and a special fate. It highlights those who are special and is, in itself, special. Color is here. And it's spreading.

Back to Table of Contents
Lucky in Love

A slender young blond woman of average height wearing dark blue jeans and a light blue blouse to match her eyes walked along a busy gray road on the outskirts of an old, tired gray city.
Gray teenage boys spat insults at her from passing gray cars.
"Color sucks!"
"Freaky bitch!"
"Slut!"
She didn't flinch or retaliate in any way to give away the mix of anger, hurt, and fear inside her. The prejudiced masses thrived on any sign of weakness.
She veered through a parking lot and entered a convenience store. With her head held high, she passed by a line of tall cardboard cutouts that advertised energy drinks and vaping accessories. The twinkling lights and spinning bars on the cutouts worked well enough to easily pay for the advertising costs, but they didn't catch her eye. Instead, she walked up to the counter and looked over all of the various lottery tickets and other games of chance. After a couple of minutes, she decided on a scratch ticket and pointed it out to the clerk.
The dark-skinned man with salt and pepper hair who worked there gave her a critical look but said nothing, even though he knew her by name and reputation. Virtually every adult in the city and beyond knew Ali, thanks to her color.
The man took her strangely colored money, briefly scanned the bills and slid the large gray ticket across the surface of the counter, waiting for her to follow her usual routine.
She flashed an awkward smile and pulled what she called her lucky penny out of her red coin purse. The private joke stayed private though. She no longer giggled about it like she used to. The joke grew stale like everything else in her life.
The edge of the shiny copper penny scratched away one number after another, and sure enough, after revealing three matching numbers in quick succession, she won. Without any celebration or sign of good cheer, she pushed the winning ticket back to the clerk.
The man behind the counter didn't smile; didn't change his expression. He knew she would win. She always won. He paid out the winnings, the maximum amount that the store could pay, and watched as the money turned color in her hands while she counted it. She put the money in her brown wallet and tucked the wallet in her dark blue purse. She thanked the man, who stared back at her as if willing her to go away.
After stuffing a twenty dollar bill into a homeless children fund jar on the counter, Ali left the store and the clerk immediately opened the till to check the money that she'd handed him. It had faded back to its usual gray. Satisfied, the man went back to watching the news on a small television that hung high in a corner behind the counter.

* * *

All eyes followed Ali as she quickly walked the few blocks back to her house. The people who she passed on the sidewalk stopped and turned around to stare back at her. Neighbors peeked around curtains in their homes. Children stopped playing and watched her. Some looked out of curiosity. Some looked out of envy. But most glared with hatred.
Ali unlocked the gray front door to her home and the heavy wood around the steel doorknob briefly glowed a burnt orange as she closed it behind her. She navigated the short, crooked hall to the living room and plopped down on her large, white couch, lying with her head on an armrest to think about what she wanted for dinner.
Her purse had slipped her grasp and slid onto the thick, light-gray carpet but it didn't stay forgotten for long. A loud ringtone of her latest favorite song played. She absently stabbed her hand inside the purse and pulled out her dark blue hyper phone.
It didn't take any luck to guess who was calling. She only had one person in her phone contacts list.
"Hi, Mom."
The phone then faintly hummed with each word spoken by the caller. The humming was a little distracting but the phones more than made up for any inconvenience by never losing a connection. It was all part of a strange new technology.
Hyper phones didn't broadcast signals like the old cell phones, and they didn't require towers to relay messages. According to the brainy men in white lab coats, the phones somehow communicated directly through higher dimensional space, and the technology was soon taken for granted, leaving the men in white coats all but forgotten. The only reminder of the technology was the name for the hyper phones. Hyper was short for hyperspace, the higher dimensional space through which the phone signals traveled.
"Yes, Mom. I just got home. I had to go out for some money."
She listened and rolled her eyes from the lecture she got.
"I don't think I'll bankrupt the country. And anyway, it's not like I abuse my good luck." The words 'any more' whispered in the back of her mind.
More humming phone noises and eye rolling followed.
"I've got a job. Remember? But being a receptionist at a veterinary clinic doesn't pay all that well. I'm just… supplementing my income."
The phone erupted with a burst of loud humming and she quickly interrupted.
"That's the problem! I can do anything. High school was a breeze and I'm sure college would be easy too. It's all too easy!" It wasn't that she was particularly intelligent or had a good memory. Even if she guessed at the answers on a test, she'd always guess the correct answer. Essay questions didn't stop her either. Words came naturally and effortlessly to her lips and pen.
The humming returned to its previous low volume.
"Mom. Please. You haven't been listening to me. Isn't it more important to do what I want? Do I have to be a doctor to please you? I'm sure I'd do well in medical school just as I'm sure my patients would all heal and thrive. But it's not what I want to do."
More angry humming followed and Ali wondered if she'd ever receive the understanding that she wanted so badly. She wondered about something even more important too, something that she couldn't remember hearing for far too long. She interrupted her mother to ask in a small voice, "Mom? Do you love me?"
Her mother's indignant response danced around the issue but never answered the question. The older woman didn't say the three magic words that her daughter desperately needed to hear. Ali let the phone slip out of her hand and onto the carpet. A single tear rolled down her cheek and dripped onto her blouse, leaving a dark blue circle.
Her gray mother didn't listen. She never listened. The woman had too much pride and ambition to take no for an answer. Yet somehow, her daughter managed to evade medical school.
Ali took advantage of her special gift to find easy compromises; getting a job in the medical industry while still seeing all kinds of people and lots of cute animals. Her job didn't require much thought so she could spend much of her time trying to come up with creative ways to use her gift.
Travel posters and postcards from exotic, faraway places adorned her work area, and she owned all of the latest high-tech gadgets. Several thank you cards from various charities hung from the mantel over the fireplace in her living room and a large, glass vase on her desk at work always held a large arrangement of freshly cut flowers. She loved to breathe color into the flowers, literally, for everyone to see. The small staff at the clinic appreciated it.
Money was never a problem for her. Everything generally went her way and still, happiness eluded her. She had no true friends. So far, the grays, as she called the majority of the population, either hated her or just wanted her for her color. Her good luck didn't seem to help with relationships.

* * *

Rain threatened as Ali hurried across the parking lot to the small, one story building where she worked. She got inside the cramped front office of the clinic just as the skies opened up, pelting and splattering the ground with large gray raindrops.
She placed a mix of tulips and daffodils in the vase on her desk behind the counter and shed her dark red coat, hanging it on the coat rack behind her. Then she got down to work, carefully arranging the flowers and turning them red, purple and yellow by touching and blowing on them for several minutes. Even her breath could add color to the gray world around her.
She finished accessorizing her desk and started her computer just in time for the first customers of the day. A family's dog had been hit by a car and the mother carried the small, injured mongrel in her arms, followed by two damp, sad children, a boy and a girl, both four years old.
Ali acted quickly, buzzing the vet and setting things in motion to maximize the dog's chances. Not surprisingly, the clinic had an excellent recovery rate. Only the oldest and sickest animals passed away, and only because they were euthanized.
By unspoken agreement, Ali was to watch the children, though the mother did raise an eyebrow before following the vet with the dog still in her arms.
The two children had obviously never seen color before. They stood by the desk with the boy staring at the flowers while the girl stared at Ali.
"We're twins," the little girl said to her.
"But I'm not a girl," the little boy said, looking down and blushing a dark gray.
"Yes, I can see that," the woman said. "You're fraternal twins, not identical."
Both children nodded.
"My name is Ali," the woman said. "What are your names?"
Sally and Jake introduced themselves and then went quiet as they both stared at her, still fascinated by the color.
After several awkward minutes of silence, Ali brought up a form on the computer and printed it for the mother to fill out later. She got up to retrieve the form from the printer and returned to her desk. Both children watched her the whole time and it started bothering her.
Finally, Jake spoke up. "You look funny," he said.
"Are you sick?" Sally asked.
Ali shook her head. "I'm perfectly healthy," she told them.
The twins turned to look at each other and shrugged.
"Haven't you ever seen color before? I've got color and I'm very lucky. Do you know what that means?"
The children shook their heads no.
"It means that your dog will have a very good chance of living."
"Okay," Jake said, not really understanding. The children couldn't comprehend mortality. The thought that their beloved family pet wouldn't soon come bounding into the room didn't occur to them.
"You sure you're not sick?" Sally asked her again.
She sighed. "I'm sure."
The minutes ticked by and Ali grew bored, just like the children, who had enough of her and the flowers. The color faded from the flowers so the twins inspected her red coat for a short time, poking it and then watching as its color also faded to gray before their eyes. The color on the coat only lasted about twice as long as Ali wore it, just long enough to hold the attention of the two young children. Soon after that, they discovered the tiny play area in the front corner of the office farthest from the door, and the toys there quickly occupied them.
She didn't feel so lucky at the moment. She saw children and wondered what it would be like to have her own. Would they get color? Could she love them just as much if they didn't? Did color really matter?
She got up from her desk and wandered closer to the twins. She found herself drawn to them, even as they pretended to ignore her. It was obvious that they saw her though. They gave her nervous sideways glances as they played.
"Do I scare you?" Ali asked them. "I'm not contagious."
The twins turned to look at her with confused little faces.
"It means that you can't catch my color, at least not permanently."
"Okay," Sally said.
"Did you notice how the flowers and my coat changed? They didn't keep their color."
The children nodded.
"If I touched your clothes, they'd get color for a short time and change back. Would you like to try it?"
"I don't think my mommy would like that," Sally replied.
"It won't hurt," Ali assured them. "Please?"
"I'll do it," Jake said. "I'm not afraid."
Ali slowly reached out for Jake's sleeve just as his mother returned, having left the family dog in the care of the vet. "Don't touch him!" she shouted. "Don't you dare touch him."
The mother ran over to her children and crouched down to hug them to her, muttering familiar slurs under her breath as she did so.
Ali backed away, apologizing profusely as she returned to her desk while the mother spoke to her children, telling them that Barkley would have to stay at the clinic overnight before he could come home. The little dog would live as expected though.

* * *

After work, Ali sat alone at a table for four in a small, independently owned coffee shop, stirring her lukewarm hot chocolate with a finger and watching a spiral of various shades of brown spin in her cup. She sat at a larger table because she expected visitors. It didn't take long for the first one to arrive.
"Hello? What's this?" a tall, young man said. He wore the latest fashions and smelled of expensive cologne. With the eye being easily saturated by so much gray, scents played a much bigger part in the world. Perfumes and cologne allowed one to stand out.
"Out of your reach," she replied, barely sparing the young man a glance. She continued to watch her swirling hot chocolate, noting how every shape smoothly blended into another. Everything was connected.
"Come on. I don't bite… unless you want me to." The man wasted his best grin. Her eyes didn't reach his face, though she did notice his nice clothes, and she couldn't miss the cologne. That helped. She knew better than to get involved. Everything about him screamed, "Color addict."
"Next," she said under her breath.
"What?" What did you say?"
She looked up at him, narrowing her eyes. "I said I'd rather not jump into bed with you all night just so my color would rub off on you. I'm sure you'd love to use your temporary color to entertain your girlfriends." She dared him to deny it with her eyes.
The man took a step back, surprised at his transparency and the fact that she called him on it. He stood looking stupid for several seconds until the shock wore off, allowing him to think well enough to leave. He wouldn't get anywhere with her.
"Where are they?" Ali added, looking around as he started to back away from her. "I'm sure your color addict girlfriends are lurking nearby."
"Bitch," he muttered as he stuffed his hands in his pockets and slunk back into a dark corner of the coffee shop.
Ali smiled. She long since learned how certain men sought to use her, either directly or indirectly. The type of man that she'd just cut down galled her the most so she took great pleasure in her little victory. It made her think though.
She did enjoy sex, and it always amazed her when her lovers gained color. The look of awe on their faces when they first saw themselves in the mirror was priceless.
The various warm shades of flesh appealed to the eye so much more than the usual grays. Gray people looked so unhealthy, especially when they didn't get enough sleep. Add dark circles under their eyes and to her, they'd look like something out of a zombie movie.
She shuddered. Best she didn't go there. Her last date sweet-talked her into seeing a zombie movie. He thought it would be fun. It did scare her into his big, strong arms, allowing her to give him color so when she looked back at him, she wouldn't associate him with the undead. She couldn't date him a second time though. She saw him from a distance and cringed. He was once again a sickly gray like most everyone else. It took several weeks of ignoring his phone calls before he took the hint.
Please. No more grays.

* * *

On the weekend, Ali decided to go shopping at a mall across town. The mall stood just across the road from a large park with baseball diamonds and soccer fields, and as she got out of her small, late model car, she looked over at the park to see four damp, miserable children, ages ten to twelve, huddled under a large maple tree. It had been raining up until getting out of the car, and after she saw the children, she decided to make an extra purchase in the mall.
The children wore muddy, grass-stained soccer uniforms. They'd obviously either been practicing or playing recently in the now mostly empty park. Ali hurried towards the mall, thinking that they must be waiting for their parents to pick them up. She wanted to take a chance and get them something before that happened.
The mall consisted of a small ring of stores and cafes that surrounded an inner, uncovered courtyard full of tables and chairs. Each place of business in the mall ran all the way from the street to the courtyard, with front entrances having a sizable cover that ran all the way around the outside of the ring. Like the courtyard, the inner ring entrances didn't have any protection from the elements.
The weathermen accurately forecast rain showers throughout the day and yet Ali remained dry in spite of going out. It started raining before she left her house and continued all during her drive to the shopping mall. It stopped after she parked and while she walked along the inner store fronts for some fast window shopping. Once she picked a store, she ducked inside just as the rain started again.
"Excuse me," she said to a passing store clerk. "Would you happen to have any umbrellas?"
The store didn't normally carry umbrellas. It contained a mix of kitchenware, bathroom accessories, knickknacks, tools and clothes as well as a modest selection of seasonal items. Still, Ali thought she'd trust her luck and try.
"Hey. We actually do have a few," the teenage girl said. "Funny you should ask."
The teen led her latest customer to the seasonal section, and Ali snatched up the remaining three umbrellas that she found. She thanked the clerk, who followed her to act as cashier.
"I love your color and how you can add it to your clothes," the teen remarked.
"Thanks," Ali said, smiling at the rare compliment.
They walked towards the front of the store and both of them found their attention repeatedly drawn to the umbrellas that had gained color after being handled by Ali.
The clerk sighed as she rang up the items. She followed the store's required procedure by saying, "Thank you for shopping with us," but didn't sound like she meant it.
Ali hurried back outside, a broad smile again on her face as she basked in the memory of the clerk's compliment. She dodged a few raindrops just before another short dry spell hit the area and dashed across the street to the park to hand out the umbrellas.
Two of the children eventually noticed her approach and when they realized she had color, they alerted the other two. As all four neutral faces turned towards Ali, she slowed her pace, uncertain as to how she'd be received. Would they sneer at her? Call her names? Children could learn prejudice at a very young age. She didn't stop to think of that when she bought the umbrellas.
"Hello," she said, testing her luck once again as she got close. "This might sound a little weird but I thought you might like some umbrellas. I even added some temporary color to them to make things a little more interesting."
They weren't shying away from her at least. That was something. And after a minute of watching disbelief turn to a mixture of awe and glee on their faces, the youngest child, a girl, spoke up.
"I'll take one, please."
Ali gave a small, pale yellow umbrella to the girl. The second umbrella was a little larger. Its dark blue and black colors looked less feminine so she gave it to the lone boy, who happily accepted it. The third umbrella was easily large enough for two. She gave it to the two remaining girls to share. They squealed with appreciation at the black and purple design and all four of the children thanked her.
She walked off with a spring in her step, ready to attend to her own shopping. She didn't look back so she didn't see three teenage boys arrive to grab the umbrellas from the rightful owners.
The children were too scared to make any noise. They just watched as the teens took the umbrellas and slowly bent the metal ribs and ripped off the nylon fabric. The broken umbrellas were unusable after the teenage boys finished with them, and they soon faded to gray under the maple tree where they'd been thrown. The dejected children left the umbrellas behind and slowly walked to the parking lot as their parents arrived to pick them up. 

* * *

Ali left the shoe store, humming a happy tune and wearing a brand new pair of dark red boots that closely matched her favorite work coat. In spite of her gift, it still surprised her to find red boots after only a couple weekends of searching. Colored dyes didn't really exist so true color matching was impossible. She couldn't know what an object's color would be until she touched or blew on it.
All shades of red were rare for clothes. People did want different shades of gray so dyes did exist but they couldn't know how they'd look as true colors. Ali had to go by trial and error and rely on her luck. She got lucky finding the red boots, just as she did getting the umbrellas.
Thinking about the umbrellas brought her back to the children she saw in the park. She thought it would be nice to give the umbrellas a color boost if the children were still around. Coming around the ring of stores to her car, she looked over at the park. She didn't see anyone or anything at first, but as she approached her car, she had a clear view of the bent and twisted umbrellas lying beneath the maple tree. She slowly walked over and picked up the three umbrellas and carried them over to the small activity center building to drop them in a trash can.
Dang. I would've sworn they weren't color haters.
Just after throwing away the umbrellas and wiping away a tear, she looked up at the community bulletin board on the front of the activity center. Most of the light gray bulletin board was either empty or sprayed with black graffiti. Only a single business card clung to the bottom left corner, partially obscured by the trash can.
Ali rescued the card from a certain destructive fate. She plucked the push pin that held the card to the wood and tossed the pin in the trash. Then she looked at the card that read:

Eli Wilson - Matchmaker Extraordinaire
Have color, will match. Matchmaking is my gift.
Please let me find your soul mate.
Hyper Phone: M3-FIND-LOVE-4U

It was an omen. It had to be. Her good luck finally helped her realize what she was missing in her life, and it gave her the means to find the missing piece of the puzzle.
She forgot all about the umbrellas and hurried back to her car. A heavy rain started just after she pulled out of the parking stall.

* * *

By mid afternoon that same day, heavy rain showers had soaked the area. Ali found herself lying on her couch in her quiet house, lost in thought as she absently slid her hyper phone back and forth on her stomach.
Rain drops suddenly spattered her living room window and the sound caught her ear. It made her think of the pitter-patter of little feet and she abruptly stopped fiddling with her phone and punched in the matchmaker's number.
The phone gave a few short hums.
"Hi. My name is Ali. So… you're a matchmaker?"
The phone vibrated a little dance in her hand as it hummed.
She listened, entranced by the man's voice, and when he finished, she took a deep, calming breath. But she didn't want the feeling to end. She set up an appointment and drew Eli into an extended conversation to learn more about him; his background, prices, success rate, anything to keep him talking and keep her swooning as she imagined a romance in her near future.

* * *

Ali sat at her small, round dining room table, picking at a cold plate of food as she thought about her evening appointment. It surprised her that she could get an appointment so soon, though it really shouldn't have. The matchmaker kept very flexible hours. Love tended to be spontaneous and impetuous and often required immediate attention.
Her thoughts ran tight circles around her head and she gave up on eating. Her nervous stomach couldn't take any more. She pushed away from the table, scraped her plate clean, rinsed it and slowly made her way to the bedroom, thinking about what kind of image to present. She wanted to make sure the matchmaker had the right impression so he could find a proper match for her. Too casual and she feared she might end up with a lout. Too formal and she might end up with a stick in the mud. It didn't occur to her that his gift might not work like that. She didn't think to ask him about how he found a person's soul mate. He might just need to hold her hand and close his eyes, not even caring about how she looked. But still, she cared about her appearance and wanted to look good. 
Decisions, decisions.
She sat at her vanity and thought about her makeup first. The makeup would help by limiting her choice of matching clothes. With the darkness of evening, she added to her day look with a bit more eye liner and some eye shadow that turned lavender after applying it. She'd been told once or twice that her eyes were her best feature. Her modest lips then demanded more color to balance out her face. She chose lipstick that turned a delicious shade of plum and added a layer of gloss to give them an obvious shine. The nice color match was lucky since she didn't label her makeup. She always trusted her selections to luck. She didn't have names for all the different colors anyway. No one did, not in a world of gray.
Her outfit pretty much chose itself since she didn't have a lot of clothes that matched her current makeup. With her mirrored, sliding closet door wide open, she reached inside, and without looking, pulled out a flirty, casual dress that came to mid thigh. The snug fit emphasized her slender curves and more than made up for the high neckline. Once she put it on and completely filled it with color, she saw it was perfect. She knew it would be. She remembered its pattern of black and dark purples from the last party she attended.
That party brought back unpleasant memories, throwing her emotions off balance for the moment. She rarely went to parties anymore after realizing why people invited her. They mostly just wanted her there to add some color. Like bees to honey, color addicts would flock to the party, and the color haters would then have plenty of reasons to complain. It would make for an interesting night, but the thought made her shudder with mild revulsion. A party full of gray men would only lead back to memories of the zombie movie incident; another thought that made her pause. Will my soul mate have color?
She shook her head vigorously. It wouldn't matter, she told herself. If they were together, she'd give him lasting color. She had to believe that love truly did conquer all or she'd lose all hope.
She looked at her racks of shoes and boots on the floor of her closet and faced a mini crisis of indecision when she realized that her makeup would go well with her favorite tight jeans and black leather boots. She loved that look. But she shook it off and stayed firm. Her first choice had always been best in her experience. The dress was a step up from the jeans and boots. Besides, she didn't have time to find a matching blouse for the jeans. She was running a little late.
A pair of well-worn, black, sling-back pumps with a low heel would keep her height at a modest level, in case her soul mate was on the short side. She slipped on the low heels, snagged a long, black coat on the way out the door, and was soon on her way to a nearby city where her new best friend lived. She didn't have any true friends but she already thought of the matchmaker as a good friend. He had color so it wasn't likely he'd use her for her color. And they had a very nice conversation on the phone. She hoped they could keep in touch, even after he found her perfect match.

* * *

Ali had to drive a fair distance that night to meet with the matchmaker. Those with special gifts were rare enough that it wasn't likely they'd manifest in significant numbers in any one place. They were spread far and wide across the planet and most of them preferred it that way. They got enough attention on their own. They didn't want it magnified by grouping together for an even more spectacular sight. Ali certainly didn't want any extra attention but she decided that she'd put up with more if her soul mate had color. According to her ideals, true love was worth the price.
In spite of how far apart most of those with color lived, it didn't quite surprise her that Eli happened to live as close as he did. Her luck kicked in once again and she smiled. She really did live a charmed life, even if everything didn't go her way. Memories of broken umbrellas and bad dates nagged her as often as her mother. Still, she led a comfortable life; a little empty but with the promise of a fulfilling relationship in her near future.
Another tight circle of thoughts returned to dredge up memories of unpleasant dates and her nerves threatened to get the best of her. She fought it by speeding up a little. The thrill of a chance encounter with the highway patrol took her mind off of her appointment, if only for a little while. She'd very likely get off with a verbal warning instead of a ticket but her heart still thumped loudly in her chest.
As she gave the matter more serious thought, she started to understand why she was so nervous. She'd traveled a lot and met several other people with color. None of those encounters caused her any anxiety. They were always casual, if a bit brief, and they were nearly always by chance. That's the way her ability worked and she generally preferred it that way. This was different though. It was a very important meeting because it concerned her long-term happiness.
She gave a nervous laugh and scoffed at herself. The long drive took its toll, giving her too much time to think. She was never a deep thinker. Too much thinking caused her pain. Too many unpleasant memories came back to haunt her, upsetting her lucky little life.
Yeah. Like my life is so fucking perfect.
Tears blurred her vision a little. She pulled into a convenient rest stop that suddenly appeared out of the darkness, taking advantage of it to compose herself. She had just enough time to carefully splash a little cold water on her cheeks and return to the freeway.
Can't keep the matchmaker waiting.
After another fifteen minutes of driving, more thoughts intruded to lift her mood. She needed that. Her ability worked in mysterious ways. It could torture her but it could also be sympathetic, especially when she needed it most.
It amused her to attribute virtually all events in her life to her luck. The bad things built character. They made her a better person, and they made the good things more satisfying. And the good things kept her from a downward spiral into the pit of despair. No. That wasn't fair. The good in her life consisted of useful, wonderful, hopeful things. She figured that the universe could only take so much concentrated good. It needed balance. Everything was a balancing act.
Ali finally realized how shallow her life had been after going crazy with winning lotteries and using the money to travel. She met people and saw things that gave her a much broader perspective of how everything worked. She still only scraped the surface of the vast, deep world but she gained enough experience to give her a taste of what was possible. The people she met gave her a glimpse beneath the surface of her life, and in spite of the prevalent color hatred and disturbing color addicts, she liked much of what she saw. After several years, she finally dove in.
She stopped her excessive travels several months ago, after she started feeling like she was abusing her gift. Some people, including her mother, said as much to her, telling her she was wasting her ability when she could use it to help people. They suggested that at the very least, she could give more of her easy money to the poor, and that's what she started doing. It felt good to give too. It felt good to help.
And now, after another complete mental circle, she was the one about to receive help, in the form of a matchmaker named Eli.

* * *

After parking in the street in front of Eli's two-story, light gray house, Ali stayed in her car for a moment to collect her thoughts. The first thing to pop into her head was the similarity of the matchmaker's first name to hers. That made her giggle. Then she thought about his warm, pleasant voice and his laugh. Just the memory of his laugh sent shivers down her spine.
Don't go there, girl. He might have color but he could still be an ugly duckling.
Besides, she was there to have him find her soul mate, not have a mindless night of passion that they'd both regret in the morning. Well… maybe not both of them. But she'd be on her best behavior.
She shook her head and told herself that she just had a healthy libido as well as a sturdy moral compass. Then she had a dark thought. How frustrating it must be to have the ability to find a soul mate for everyone except yourself.
He actually joked about it on the phone with her but she could detect the slightest touch of sadness in his voice when he said it. She again resolved to stay friends with him after he found her soul mate.
The cost of Eli's service wouldn't be a problem, though she found his sliding scale a little odd. That and his minimal advertising. Apparently, he must have been able to get the occasional rich client to pay him enough to live comfortably so he could charge others less. She approved, actually. It was not only possible to buy love, it was easily affordable for the masses as well.
Ali opened her car door and stepped into the street, circling around to the path that led to Eli's front door. Just as she reached up to press the door bell, she hesitated and pulled her hand back. What if he couldn't find her soul mate? What if having color somehow blocked his ability? That might explain why he couldn't find his own soul mate.
She froze, and in that moment, a tall and very handsome young man opened the front door and flinched ever so slightly.
"I thought I heard a car out front," he said. Then he took a good, long look and smiled. "You must be Ali. Come in. Please."
She meekly entered and tried not to stare at his broad shoulders. She turned and spoke as the man shut the door behind her. "Eli?" she said in a small voice.
"Yes! Sorry. How impolite of me. I'm Eli. It should be obvious. Right?" He gestured to himself with open hands to point out his color. "But I should still introduce myself. For all you know, I could have a twin brother with a gift for finding people the perfect pet." He laughed and it looked perfect on his face. His blue eyes sparkled and the short, thick curls of his blond hair bounced. She wanted to run her fingers through those curls. It was good that he was too tall for her to reach.
Ali slowly removed her coat and Eli gently took it from her and hung it on an old fashioned wooden coat rack in the corner of the entry way. Then he led her to his living room where he did all of his consultations, as he called them.
"I love your colors," he told her as they sat across from each other in soft, black leather chairs.
"Thanks," she said, still in awe of his presence. But it wasn't his color so much as his physique and good looks. He smiled at her reaction, and it wasn't a smug look. She noticed that he didn't seem full of himself at all.
When she didn't add anything more, he spoke up again. "You must have seen someone with color before. Right?"
She nodded, looking down at his feet whenever he spoke to her. She liked the blue and white pattern on his tennis shoes. It went well with his blue jeans and white dress shirt. He had the type of outfit that she thought about switching to if she'd only had the time. She felt a little overdressed.
"And were you always so shy when you met them?"
She shook her head no.
"Well? Do you have any questions for me?"
She shrugged.
"Well then... what about your luck ability? You mentioned it briefly on the phone but I'd love to hear more. It sounds fascinating."
She gave him a faint smile and he finally got the message.
"Dang. There I go again, misplacing my manners. You've driven a long way on a cold spring evening. Can I get you something warm to drink? Tea?"
"Do you have any hot chocolate?" she asked. She felt a little out of her depth. She needed something to get her head on straight. His good looks surprised her far more than she felt they should have.
He smiled and nodded. "I'll be right back. Won't take but a moment."
He got up to go to the kitchen with Ali's eyes glued to him until he moved out of sight. She almost got up to follow him but a little voice told her that would be a bad idea and she listened.
She could hear him humming to himself as he worked. She didn't recognize the tune but she could hear his enthusiasm, making her think that he had a good appreciation of music. That was another plus for her unofficial score card.
What are you doing? Down, girl!
She tried to control herself but the attraction she felt made it impossible. Waiting for him to return was almost unbearable.
After a few minutes, he entered the room holding two steaming mugs of hot chocolate. He held one out, handle first, to Ali. "Microwaved the milk myself," he said. "Hope you like it."
She smiled appreciatively as she took it, both at his humor and the hot chocolate. "Thanks. It smells good."
"Ah, yes. Everyone is so obsessed with scent. Too bad there isn't more color in the world."
She nodded agreement as he sat down. Then she took her first sip. It was delicious, and the temperature was just right. She quickly took a bigger second sip to get up the courage to say something. "I'm sorry if I'm a little quiet. I don't know what's gotten into me." She didn't exactly lie. His appearance did confuse her a little, though she could make a very good guess as to why. "You complimented me when we first sat down. Now it's my turn. I love your colors too. I like how our hair and eye color match."
Eli grinned and nodded. Then he broke the spell. "You could be my long, lost sister," he said.
After the briefest moment of shock, she gave him a sour look, telling him with her eyes that he said the wrong thing.
The man realized his faux pas and his eyes took on a vaguely haunted look. His friendliness evaporated as he switched to pure business mode. It seemed as if their previous conversation never took place. "Are you ready to find your soul mate then?" he asked, his smile gone. "It shouldn't take long."
A buzzing noise suddenly sounded, coming from the coffee table. It was Eli's hyper phone, paging him. He gave it a curious look and then looked back at his client, who nodded her okay.
He grabbed the phone, read a text and then responded with a text of his own, completely ignoring her for the moment. It made her feel that much less important and she sighed.
Eli caught her mood. "Sorry about that. I'm more popular in the evening. After people get home from work and have dinner, their thoughts turn to romance, or lack of it."
He smiled and she suppressed another sigh. Then he got up and reached out, asking for her preferred hand so he could use his ability.
She gave him her left hand and he ever so slightly arched one eyebrow before he closed both eyes and concentrated.
Ali snorted. She'd wondered if he'd close his eyes to find her soul mate and, lo and behold, he did. Oh, well. I'm just a sister to him so what does it matter if he looks at me?
So far, he'd joked around a little with her but she could tell that he only did it to put her at ease. She felt sure she'd imagined any sign of flirting. His demeanor had really been very professional with just a hint of friendliness. Friends. We can be friends if nothing else. Friends is good.
She wanted to cry, but not in front of Eli. She might cry herself to sleep later, unless....
After several minutes of holding her hand, the matchmaker suddenly frowned. "I'm so sorry, Ali. I've got nothing. This has never happened before. Honest."
She pulled her hand back and quickly stood up, turning to leave and trying not to run.
"Please," he said. "Wait. We've had an awkward few moments. Let me try again in the morning. It's easier for me in the morning. We'll both be more relaxed then."
She frowned. "Are you sure you'll be able to? Could my color be blocking your ability?"
He shook his head. "I've found soul mates for others of our kind. I thought for sure I was the only one it wouldn't work on."
She gave him a skeptical look.
"Honest. Please... sit."
She reluctantly sat back down and he returned to his chair and started talking, telling her more of his background. He didn't tell her about his first experiences with his ability when they talked on the phone. He explained that it upset him too much. For some reason though, he felt she should know. He thought it would help.
"I filled with color around the usual early age. But it took me a couple years to realize what my gift was. I was in high school by then, and I found soul mates for some of my friends sort of by accident. Rumors started and very soon, other students approached me. It was mostly girls at first, but boys joined in when they saw my uncanny success. I found soul mates for everyone in my senior class except three classmates. One of those three avoided me. I think he was afraid of special gifts. A second boy was known for being anti-social and refused my offer. That made me a little sad but I respected his wish. The third classmate, a girl, no longer had a living soul mate that I could find. The only one I could detect had recently died in a car crash. I knew it because I saw it happen in my mind. So I told her a little white lie; that the time wasn't right or something. It was heartbreaking."
"Is it really that easy?" she wondered aloud.
"It actually took some of my classmates several weeks to track down their soul mate. Only two matched up in the same school and a few more lived in the same city. Most of them lived much farther away. In some cases, the search even led to other countries. It was fairly easy for me to come up with a name and a few other bits of information about their life but my classmates had to do the work of tracking them down."
"Oh," was all she thought to say. She stood up again and turned to leave.
"Wait," he said, then laughed.
"What?" she said, sounding a little annoyed.
"I'm sorry. I keep asking you to wait. I have a spare bedroom where some of my more nervous clients have stayed so we can try again first thing in the morning. I always get better results that way. With my mother's help, I keep the room stocked with bathrobes, slippers and even makeup remover and a hair dryer."
"I don't know...."
"Please. The door locks from the inside, and you can prop a chair against the door knob if you don't trust me not to have a key. My ability has never been blocked before except for myself, and it's not fair to count that. Please don't break my perfect record."
He gave her a sad look and her heart melted. Her attraction to him slowly crept back and she found herself wanting to accept his offer, almost against her will. She wanted to be angry. And at the same time, she wanted to cry. Her soul mate felt so close yet so far away.
Before she could agree to his request, he added one more thing to seal the deal. "My mother can loan you a stun gun if it'll make you feel safer." He gave her a silly grin to show he was joking and she laughed.

* * *

Later that evening, Ali and Eli sat facing each other in the soft leather chairs, exchanging their experiences of spreading color in a gray world. They both knew that giving color to things was something that all of those with color shared and it was an interesting effect in its own right. They could temporarily show an object's or even living thing's true appearance, before all traces of color leached out, returning the object to its drab norm.
Ali suddenly wondered if color haters didn't actually fear color rather than hate it. Perhaps the idea of being permanently colorized made them fear for their normal, gray lives. If they were colorized, they, too, would be targets. They'd become part of a seemingly never-ending cycle of fear and prejudice. She tried to imagine herself in their place and ended up shaking her head. She kept trying though, and she hesitated long enough that Eli raised an eyebrow.
"Are you okay?" he asked.
She frowned as she remembered the twin children in her office and their mother who fiercely protected them from her. "Have you ever had a gray fear your color?" she asked him.
It was his turn to frown. "Yes, of course. It's pretty common, isn't it? But please don't call them that."
"What?"
"Grays. Please don't call them grays. They're human beings, just like us. Well… you know what I mean."
His phone buzzed again for the umpteenth time that night and he grabbed it right away to check for a message.
"Oh," she looked down, embarrassed. She waited until he finished with his phone and spoke up again. "It's just... easier to use a simple term to describe them; colorless, norms, grays, whatever. I don't mean anything by it."
He frowned. "Doesn't that tend to create an atmosphere of conflict? Of us against them? Perhaps that's why so many hate and fear us."
She shook her head. "I don't think calling them grays could make relations between us any worse."
"You might be surprised," he warned, his face deadly serious, hinting at some unpleasant experience in his past.
"So how would you suggest we refer to... those of us without color? Do we always have to pepper our sentences with adjectives and long phrases? Isn't it okay to generalize to facilitate conversation?"
He looked pensive for a moment but didn't say anything.
"If we go by intent and it's just us here in private, then there's nothing wrong with me calling them grays. I mean no harm by it, just as I mean no harm by calling myself a woman and you a man." She gestured a lot with her hands as she spoke, almost cupping her breasts when she referred to herself as a woman to gauge his reaction. She barely suppressed a smile when she noticed where his eyes lingered. "I'm not going to always use several words to describe the physical differences between us when a single word will do, as long as the word isn't derogatory. Gray is a valid description of their appearance."
"Okay. Okay. Point taken. As long as you don't sneer when you say it, I'm good." He smiled and she returned it, trying not to melt in the warm glow of his gaze.
Yes. Yes, you are good. Very good. Though a bit slow.
She shook her head to distract herself, and then she asked a serious question that suddenly occurred to her. "Why haven't I heard of you before?"
He raised one eyebrow. "You wound me," he said, smiling to show he was joking. "But I shouldn't be surprised. I purposely use what I call selective advertising. I operate mostly by word of mouth along with the occasional business card."
"Yes. I stumbled across one of your business cards. Very clever. But I'm willing to bet you could get a lot more business if you marketed yourself better."
He nodded. "Most likely, yes. But it could also get me more negative attention as well. Remember our previous subject."
"I suppose...."
"Actually, I'm also a little concerned about the possibility of getting overwhelmed. Keep in mind that I can't share my workload with anyone. I'm the only person with my ability, and I have to meet with and touch every client in a relaxed setting to get a good reading."
"Fair point."
"Yes. I think so. I make enough to live comfortably and I have enough leisure time to keep myself happy. That's all anyone can ask for, isn't it?"
She paused a moment. Six months ago that might have been true for her, but not any longer, not after she had hope of finding true love.
He raised an eyebrow again and she smiled. She loved the way he did that, and she decided that she'd had enough of serious subjects. It was time to return to some lighter conversation. She wanted to show him her beautiful mind and personality to go with her colorful appearance, anything to help lead them both down a path that she felt certain they were destined to go.
They talked about the weather and the hopeless attempt to accurately predict it ten days in advance, naming colors, the melting points of various metals and more. Ali worked as a receptionist but she wanted to impress upon him that she wasn't just another pretty face.
"Did you know that fish could have a slight evolutionary advantage by being stupid?" she asked him, after a rare, brief lull in the conversation. "Someone thought their stupidity might keep them from getting depressed about their dull lives. Ignorance truly is bliss when it comes to fish. Who knew?" She gave him a lopsided grin.
He gave her a surprised look and then exploded with laughter. "Wherever do you get these delightful tidbits of knowledge?"
"I read a lot. And you?"
"I talk a lot... to all of my clients. Everyone seems to like talking to me. I guess I'm a good listener. They tell me all sorts of interesting things, like the evolutionary advantage of being stupid."
Ali smiled but she started getting frustrated. She wanted to pounce on him, shred his clothes and smother his big, strong body with kisses. She didn't though. She was afraid of chasing him away. Something told her it wouldn't end well if she came on too strong.
She continued chipping away at him for the rest of the evening and if he noticed her attraction, he never mentioned it. They continued to tell stories relating to color and discussed all manner of current events ranging from local politics to natural disasters. They had a lot to talk about, enough to easily last all night, if they could get away with postponing sleep. The long day wore heavily on them, however. They nearly started a yawning contest when inspiration struck.
"I have a last request if that's okay," Ali told him as she sat up and leaned forward in the chair.
"Sure."
"We're both very relaxed. Why don't you try to find my soul mate again?"
He looked a little surprised but quickly recovered. "I don't know. What if I find him? Will you go home right away? It's rather late."
He sounded like he didn't want her to leave. That gave her a nice, warm feeling.
"No. I'll stay regardless. You're right. It is too late to drive home. But I have a reason for having you try again now. Please humor me." She held out her left hand with her wrist slightly bent and fingers splayed out in an obvious feminine pose.
He paused a brief moment, looking slightly nervous. But he did finally lean forward to reach for her hand. He took it in both of his and closed his eyes in concentration, and after several minutes, he startled his guest.
"Shit!" He immediately followed that with a horrified look on his face when he realized what he said. "Sorry about that. But I'm so frustrated."
She sighed. "You didn't find him then?" she asked.
He sadly shook his head no.
"Have you considered what this could mean?"
He slowly slumped back in his chair as her gaze bore into him. Again, he shook his head no in response.
"I see only two possibilities, the first being that you can't find our soul mates because neither of us have one. I don't accept that possibility."
He kept his eyes focused on the floor and didn't say anything.
"The second possibility is much, much better though. Would you like to hear it?"
He ever so slightly nodded yes.
"Are you sure you're ready?"
He froze, and his eyes widened. He didn't look ready but she decided to try anyway, using a somewhat roundabout approach.
"Let's assume that you can find soul mates for everyone else in the world, everyone but the two of us. With me so far?"
He nodded.
"Okay. If everyone has a soul mate and everyone else is matched up, and if we further assume that we both have soul mates too, by process of elimination, where might that leave us?" She couldn't bring herself to actually say it. She wanted to have him make the conclusion himself, even if it was quite obvious.
He just sat there gaping, trying to speak. But the words wouldn't come.
"Don't be a fish, Eli."
He closed his mouth and quickly stood up. She thought that she finally got through to him but instead, he muttered something about needing to get ready for bed.
"Hang on a minute, Eli. Please." She stayed seated and carefully observed him.
He'd taken a few steps and stood in the hallway, leaning slightly in the direction of his bedroom. His hands trembled noticeably.
"Remember my ability?" she asked. "Well, in spite of it, I've had a long series of failed relationships, and I'm sure it's because I wasn't ready. I've beaten incredible odds to win millions of dollars, but I didn't have the common sense to save any of it. I spent it all, traveling the world and buying all sorts of frivolous things that I no longer use. That doesn't sound like a foundation for a healthy relationship, does it?"
She thought she saw him twitch his head, making it look like he was telling her no, so she continued.
"But now I am ready. I no longer abuse my gift. I use it sparingly to supplement my income and I give money to charities. I'm sure my luck led me to your business card, which led me to you. Do you really think it'd let me fail?"
Eli narrowed his eyes. "People don't have to be soul mates to fall in love."
Ali snorted. "My ability doesn't work in half measures. But hey. What exactly is a soul mate? Have you ever wondered?"
"Of course I have. Is it just a matter of matching likes and dislikes? Should they have some complementary interests, such as one person who likes to talk and another who likes to listen? I thought about all of that. I also wondered if there might be more than one soul mate for at least some people, like my classmate who had a soul mate that died. So far, I've never met anyone who had more than one. Or maybe my ability can only show me one. Assuming there can be more than one, I might just be seeing the closest one." He shrugged. "I have no idea how these crazy abilities work."
She paused a moment to let that sink in. "You mentioned that you found soul mates for classmates in other countries. Can we assume that your range covers the whole world?"
He nodded.
"And you've never failed to find a soul mate for anyone except us?"
Again, he nodded.
She turned slightly away from him in her chair to think out loud. She had trouble concentrating when she looked directly at him, standing there in his flattering clothes with his beautiful curly hair. "So... likely just one soul mate, I think. Wouldn't a live soul mate trump a dead one, assuming there could be more than one? Probably more than mere love. Impossible to prove, really, but definitely different. Stronger at least. I know I'm feeling it. And only two who can't seem to be matched, at least so far as we know. Both having color. Both attracted to the opposite sex. Effortless conversation. His ability doesn't work on himself so my ability finds him."
After finishing, she slowly turned to face him with one eyebrow raised in victory.
Eli couldn't help listening to her as she spoke, but he didn't respond to her one-sided debate. He hesitated a long, few seconds before he finally spoke. "Your room is the first door on the left down the hall here." He pointed behind him. "And the bathroom is right across from the bedroom. Good night."
With that, he quickly stalked off in the direction that he'd pointed and she soon heard his bedroom door close and the muffled sound of water running in the sink of the master bath. She imagined him splashing cold water on his face to cool himself off. It was obvious that he felt something for her. But he seemed afraid.
What are you so afraid of, my little fish?

* * *

Ali woke up slowly, keeping her eyes closed as she stretched and yawned. Mornings were her least favorite part of the day. She wasn't a morning person and she didn't indulge in caffeinated beverages to give her a boost. Tea couldn't be sweetened enough to satisfy her, and coffee repulsed her, so she had to wake up slowly and grudgingly.
So warm and comfy.
When she did finally open her eyes, it took her a moment to reconcile the unfamiliar sight. A short distance past the foot of the bed, against the far wall, she saw a small dressing table with a short, rectangular mirror sticking up from behind it. The mirror reflected a pattern of thin, horizontal stripes of sunlight that filtered through closed blinds. The slats of the blinds didn't completely pinch together no matter how hard she'd twisted the rod that opened and closed them. To her right, she saw a twin bed identical to the one she was lying on, and beyond the bed was a wide closet with white sliding doors.
Her nose crinkled slightly as memories of last night flooded in. She slept over at Eli's house.
Getting out of bed took several minutes, moving in small increments with an occasional groan or yawn and an adjustment of one of Eli's large t-shirts that she used for sleepwear. Her legs slowly inched their way over the edge of the bed. She kept them rigid until there was enough weight to counterbalance her upper body. Her legs tipped down until her heels touched the carpet between the twin beds and she used the momentum to sit up and greet the day. With another arm stretch and yawn, she finally felt ready to get up. She slipped into oversized fuzzy slippers and a light gray bathrobe that she found in the closet, watching and waiting as both turned light blue before slowly scuffing to the bathroom.

* * *

Getting ready to meet Eli took her a good hour. Luckily, she kept a travel bag with a change of casual clothes in the trunk of her car, and she remembered to bring it in before going to bed. With the cosmetics that she used for work in her purse and her change of clothes, she felt mostly ready. She gave herself a last look in the mirror over the dressing table and brushed her long hair a little more before she went in search of her host.
It didn't take long to realize that she was alone, not after finding the first of several handwritten notes that were scattered throughout the house. That first note caught her attention when she went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. It was held on the white refrigerator door by a round, black magnet. The note read:

Dear Ali,

I liked our conversation last night but I can't accept what you tried to tell me. 
It's too easy. I need to get away from it all to clear my head. I promised some online 
friends that I'd meet them someday and find their soul mates. I guess today is that 
day. Maybe I can try again to find your soul mate when I get back.

- Eli

PS  You'll find a spare house key on the coffee table in the living room. Please lock 
the door and drop the key in the small fountain in the front yard. Can't miss it. My 
mother will look after the place while I'm gone. Thanks!

"Damn you, Eli!" she said, startling herself.
She roughly jerked the note from the fridge, causing the magnet to loudly snap back to the front surface. Then she walked slowly back to the bedroom, thinking about how her plans to catch a certain colorful fish for breakfast were dashed. She absently stuffed Eli's note in her purse and started collecting her things when her phone buzzed. When she looked at the display, she didn't see her mother's name, and she didn't recognize the phone number. She answered anyway.
"Hello?"
The phone hummed out words for several seconds, leaving her a bit confused. It was Eli's mother.
"How did you get my number, Mrs. Wilson?"
The phone gave two short hums.
"Oh. Your gift…." Her mood lightened as she imagined having a mother-in-law with color.
She paused to listen and the phone hummed for over a minute with Ali's eyes getting ever wider.
"But how do you know he went to London? Your gift?"
The phone quickly hummed three words.
"Oh. He told you…." She thought he might be a little too close to his mother but they seemed to get along very well. That was usually a good quality in a man.
The phone continued humming as the woman on the other end gave Ali a motherly pep talk to go after her son. She knew they were meant to be together. She didn't need her gift to tell her. As a mother, she could feel it in her bones.
Ali tried very hard not to roll her eyes. She worried that Eli's mother would somehow be able to tell. But she did want to end the phone call. She had a lot of plans to make and a long way to drive before she could start a very long, very special fishing trip.
After a little over thirty minutes, the phone call ended and she breathed a sigh of relief. But she was happy for the conversation. Everything she heard led her to believe that Eli was the man for her. His mother talked about his non-existent love life and his growing dissatisfaction with it. Ali and Eli had similar experiences and they were both ready for something lasting and real.
She finished packing her things and roamed the house looking for more of Eli's notes. She found three more. One was taped to the inside of the front door and another was on the dining room table. Both of those referred her to a note on the coffee table in the living room. She reached down to pick up the last of Eli's notes that was held down by a single key on a small metal ring.

Here's the house key that I talked about in the note on the fridge. 
Please read that note before you leave.

Catch you later!

- Eli

Catch me later? Not if I catch you first, little fish!

* * *

Four days later, Ali found herself on British Airways flight 48 to London Heathrow airport, traveling light with only one carry-on bag. She didn't want to be slowed down as she made her way around London, and she didn't plan to stay long anyway.
Several of her fellow passengers glared at her from their seats. She mostly ignored them and felt grateful they wore seat belts to keep them at bay. The seat belt light would go off, followed soon after by the meal carts. By the time everyone had finished eating, the color haters would likely settle down and leave her alone for the rest of the flight. That's how it generally went on long international flights in her experience.
One older woman, several seats away in the same row, made it a habit to lean forward, glare at Ali, and give a huff of indignation every five minutes or so. Ali put a stop to that by giving her a broad smile and a finger wave. The woman's eyes went wide and she muttered angrily to her neighbor, but she stopped leaning forward.
As the flight wore on, Ali occasionally looked out from her window seat and was always treated to a dull view of the cloud tops. With nothing really interesting to see, she reached under her sweater and absently fingered a makeshift elastic belt that she threw together as part of her plan. The belt was worn to hold normally gray paper against her skin to give color to it. The paper had to stay in contact with her skin to make sure it kept its color as long as possible after using it. She'd already been wearing the belt for two days, only taking it off for a quick shower. Another sneak peak showed her that everything looked good. The belt and all of its contents were as colorful as ever so she mentally moved on to the rest of her inventory.
The long coat that she carried with her would keep her warm. It wasn't waterproof but she never had to worry about rain. In her bag were two pairs of jeans and four tops that she could mix and match for more variety. A small selection of lingerie, some toiletries and a pair of running shoes took up the remaining limited space in her bag, and she brought her largest purse to hold a few more necessities like her hyper phone, makeup and feminine hygiene products. She wore her favorite tight blue jeans and black leather boots to make up for not wearing them when she first met Eli. She wanted to wear them on the flight and she'd wear them again when she caught up to her prey. The running shoes in her bag would be used for going around the city in the meantime.
It didn't seem like she brought nearly enough with her but she wouldn't be staying long; just long enough to find Eli, bop him on the head with a club and drag him home by his beautiful hair.
She sighed. Her imagination got the best of her sometimes. She couldn't keep her metaphors straight. She was supposed to be on a fishing trip, not a caveman intervention.
It must be love.
Thoughts of love somehow brought her back to her conversation with Eli's mother. The windmills of her mind seemed an endless source of wonder to her. She found it interesting that she gave away so much information about herself without getting a lot in return. The older woman had a gift for conversation if nothing else. Ali confessed her own gift but never did figure out how Mrs. Wilson's gift worked. It didn't matter so much to her though. She figured that she'd pry it out of either Eli or his mother someday. There'd be plenty of time to find out all about Eli's family after the two of them finally got together.
Ali took her mission very seriously but she still didn't have a lot of confidence in her plan. Eli's mother wasn't much help, not knowing where her son would be staying. London was a very large city, but Mrs. Wilson's last words echoed in the her mind. "Trust in yourself, dear."
That was an interesting choice of words. Nothing was said about trusting in her gift and perhaps it was for the best. Her luck hadn't been very kind to her over the years when it came to love. Bad boys and even worse men came out of the woodwork when she developed color and it had been a fierce battle of the sexes ever since. Eli was the first man to give her hope for a decent relationship and a promising future. She wasn't going to give up on him.
Having had so many naughty boyfriends gave her some good experience with the opposite sex at least. She definitely knew what she didn't like in a man, though she appreciated the skills that she gained from her mindless sexual encounters. And just as importantly, they satisfied her physical needs.
She wondered if her luck tried to guide her and help her mature. Until recently, she hadn't been ready for the right man to come along in her life. Her easy access to money got her a little carried away in the past. She had to admit that.
The lights dimmed on the plane, also dimming her desire for introspection. She started watching a movie, a romantic comedy, that she played on the video screen on the back of the chair in front of her. There wasn't much legroom so it wasn't all that comfortable but she didn't mind. Saving money on airfare by traveling economy class seemed like a good habit to get into. She didn't want a certain someone to think that she was frivolous with money.
Ali leaned her seat back and briefly thought of England, earning a quiet giggle at the double entendre. She had a lot of time to think. Perhaps too much. But she had movies to distract her. She soon lost herself in the movie that she started and two more after that on the long flight.

* * *

The plane slowly circled a few times while waiting to land at the busy international airport. The view from Ali's window seat had a mostly suburban feel to it, with several clusters of identical looking gray brick houses. She didn't understand how people could handle the uniformity of the dwellings. From her current height, it was hard to see how people channeled their creative energy into customizing their gardens instead of worrying about the exterior of their houses.
With its final approach to the airport, the plane passed over Windsor Castle. Ali loved seeing the castle from the air, especially the round tower near the middle. The shapes and layout appealed to her in spite of the drab gray colors. The nearby River Thames meandered just to the north of the castle, also adding to the appeal of the view. Seeing that wonderful sight helped to make up for the coming ordeal of disembarking and going through customs.
The plane touched down shortly before noon, a little late as usual, and before it could come to a complete stop at the gate, nearly everyone hurried to stand for the long wait to leave the aircraft. Ali remained seated until everyone ahead of her started moving before she got up, grabbed her bag and slowly filed along behind the passengers in front of her. As soon as she entered the airport terminal, she increased her pace and walked quickly to the customs line for an even longer wait. To pass the time, she watched the United Kingdom citizens breeze through their line with barely a glance from the customs agents.
When it was finally her turn, a woman behind her nudged her to get her attention. Only then did she approach the customs agent and hand him her passport. She'd been through the same procedure many times and kept her increasingly feisty mood to herself.
The man behind the counter looked bored, even after he looked up and noticed her color.
She could tell he noticed because his right eye twitched ever so slightly. That just worsened her mood.
After answering all of the man's questions to his satisfaction, he stamped her passport, handed it back to her and silently waved her on. She didn't hesitate. She'd learned her lesson on previous trips not to upset the customs agents. They had no sense of humor and no tolerance for anything out of the ordinary. She was lucky they didn't detain her solely for her color.
Outside the terminal building, she found an iconic black taxi soon enough and entered the cavernous passenger area in back with her bag at her feet. The smell of perfume and cologne, leftover from previous rides, nearly overwhelmed her, but she rolled the window down a little and endured.
There wasn't much of a view at ground level so she spent most of the trip to London deep in thought. She preferred her own thoughts to seeing cars fly by her on the right side. It unnerved her to even think about driving on the other side of the road so she gladly left the driving to the natives.

* * *

After a long drive and short snooze in the taxi, Ali paid the driver and stepped out of the vehicle. She stretched a little and sighed as she questioned the wisdom of being dropped off far from her hotel, but she wanted to get a better feel for the city so she thought it best to do a little walking and try other modes of transportation.
She found her way into the nearest London newsagent's shop and left, nibbling on a Galaxy chocolate bar while mapping out an interesting route on the London Underground to get to her hotel. After wandering to the nearest station, paying for a ticket, and riding the escalator down to the travel platforms, she found the correct platform and stood in line to wait for the train, looking down the circular tunnel that gave the London Underground its popular nickname: the Tube.
A train arrived within a few minutes to take her to her next stop, where she popped up to the surface to check out the area. Then she headed back down the escalator and transferred to a different line to continue her little journey. She stopped at several stations to survey the city until she got to the final station on her route. Once there, she rode the escalator up to the surface and made the short walk to her hotel. As often happened, heavy clouds threatened rain but she remained dry.
Finding and checking in to her hotel proved much easier than going through customs at the airport. She soon arrived at her room and unpacked just enough of her things to make it easy to come and go. Her single, small piece of luggage would be left behind for her two night stay, freeing her up to execute her plan. After double-checking the contents of her purse, she left the room to begin fishing for Eli.
The fishing metaphor turned out to be exceptionally appropriate. With no leads to go on, she couldn't very well do any hunting and tracking, and if she went without any plan, she'd just end up randomly roaming the city, hoping to bump into him. With her luck, she'd eventually find him but she couldn't be sure how long it would take, and if she lingered too long and tried too hard, she feared she'd lose him. So instead, she decided to push her crazy good luck to the limit and wouldn't give herself any more than three days. For some reason, that just felt right. She meant to use bait to lure him to a certain location where she could reel him in. The only problem was using the right bait and right location so he couldn't run away again.
She got back to her plans and left her room to find the store that she looked up before making the trip. She needed a certain store that sold stationery products, and she made sure that the store wasn't more than a few blocks from her hotel. It wasn't wise to leave everything to chance. Getting too dependent on her gift had created too many unpleasant situations. Too many people, including her mother, resented the way she breezed through life. And not just that. The lack of challenges left her feeling dissatisfied, and bored. 
During her short ride in the elevator, or lift as they call it in England, she thought of one last reason to limit the use of her gift. I'm going to need all the luck I can get just to find him. No more wasting it on frivolous things.
Fishing for her soul mate was just the challenge she needed.

* * *

As she walked along the busy street, she felt a nagging little doubt that threatened to sabotage her efforts. So much of her plan depended on pure luck. Was her gift strong enough? Could she really depend on it? She'd never had a satisfying and meaningful relationship. Love could be so fickle, so elusive. It made her want to cry. Her eyes actually did get a little watery until she looked up to see her destination. A steely resolve took over then. With an odd mix of sadness and grim determination on her face, she pushed her way into the store and had a quick walk-through.
"Hello, Miss," a clerk said, looking Ali up and down as she approached. "Can I help you find anything?"
"Yes, please. I can find the paper and pens easily enough, but I'm having trouble finding scissors. I thought they'd be in the desk accessories section but I don't see any there."
The woman huffed. "Oh, dear. I'm so sorry. The scissors are in an awkward spot. Follow me, please." The slightly older, gray woman led the way to the back of the store. Her uniform displayed a warped checkerboard pattern of white and black that made Ali a little dizzy when she stared at it, but it made a nice change from a single shade of gray that most retail employees wore.
The clerk stopped in the cards and gift wrap section. "According to the advice of an efficiency expert, we moved the scissors here because most people buy scissors with gift wrapping paper." She paused as she looked for the scissors. "And I see I shall have to order more."
Ali briefly frowned at the only pair of scissors left in the store. So much for not wasting my luck on frivolous things.
But all doubt vanished after yet another small example of her good fortune and she had to smile. "Thanks," she told the clerk. "They'll do nicely."
She took the scissors, and on the way to the front of the store, she grabbed a few pens, a couple of glue sticks, and a hundred sheets of white printer paper.
Paying for everything took very little out of her limited, self-imposed budget. That pleased her. So did the pleasant weather when she went outside. She looked up at the partially clear sky and shrugged. Oh well. My good luck with the weather can't be helped.
She carried everything in a plastic bag. Rain wouldn't have spoiled anything, not even her mood. In fact, she changed her mind, actually wishing it would rain, if only for a change of pace, and clouds suddenly rolled overhead to accommodate her. It rained lightly as she walked the last block to her hotel.

* * *

Ali covered the floor and double bed of the hotel room with sheets of white printer paper, and spent the next hour or so cutting colored paper with her sharp, newly purchased scissors. Being left-handed, the right-handed scissors frustrated her a little. She had to use her right hand to keep the two blades of the scissors pressed together for easy cutting. The going was slow and awkward, but small red, blue, and green paper rectangles in identical sizes eventually littered the surface of a small table.
With the cutting finished, she used a glue stick to bond the thin colored rectangles to the white paper in the shape of capital letters. A consistent mix kept the colors evenly balanced in the letters to form Eli's first and last name on each sheet of paper. The 'S' was stylized in a zigzag shape with three rectangles and the 'O' was a square of four rectangles. Curved letters couldn't be formed with just a few rectangles, but the rest of the letters made the name obvious, and the color would attract a lot of attention.
The colored paper had been held against Ali's skin by the elastic belt that she'd worn, and even with the brief time of removing the belt to take showers, the cumulative time added up to just under two days. That meant that the paper would keep its color for the rest of the three day trip; more than long enough to act as a lure for a certain little fish.
After Eli's name had been added to all of the sheets of paper, she began writing a message below the name using the pens that she bought. She wrote the same message on each sheet. It read:

I'm looking for my soul mate
and I heard you can help.

Please meet me at the London Eye, 
tomorrow (Wednesday) at 3 pm.

- A colorful admirer

She wanted to sign it but didn't add her name for fear of chasing him away again. She thought it was important to add an alias of some sort though. The message had to be somewhat mysterious with just enough detail to spark his curiosity.
Making the signs left her hungry. Food hadn't been a priority but it would be necessary for the next phase of the plan. She needed the energy. The signs had to be strategically placed throughout the city to maximize the chance that Eli would see them. The color would almost certainly catch his eye if he passed by a sign. Hopefully, the message would too.
After gathering up all of the paper and calling room service, Ali watched a little television while she waited. She ordered a large meal and expected to work off all of the calories as she roamed around London, distributing the signs.
Where to place the signs was the biggest question. She'd have to rely on her luck for that part so she purposely stopped thinking about it and watched the BBC news.

* * *

Ali gave herself a little time to digest her meal before rushing off with her signs, and she used the time wisely, removing her boots and peeling off her blue jeans in favor of a pair of more comfortable fitting black jeans. The sweater had to be replaced too. It was the only really nice warm top that she brought with her and she didn't want to get it dirty when she walked all over London. She threw on an old sweatshirt with a simple design of two white doves perched on the front and slipped on her black and gray running shoes. Then she tied her hair back in a pony tail while she gave herself a good last look in the mirror, just in case she ran into Eli. She lingered in front of the mirror and watched with fascination as her gray sweatshirt slowly turned dark blue.
After changing clothes, she sat on the edge of the bed and watched a little more news until the top of the hour, with the last news item being a happy one as she'd hoped. With the news finished, she got up, put on her long, black coat, and grabbed the stack of signs on the way out.
Along with her practical choice of clothes, she also made a good decision to carry a large number of small bills in case proprietors wanted payment for posting the signs in their establishments. She came prepared for some serious fishing.
The first couple places she stopped at were small cafes near popular tourist destinations. They did charge her but they reduced the price when she explained how long the color would last. The colors would help attract attention, both good and bad, and possibly make a lot more money than any small posting fee.
Book stores, gift shops and more cafes rounded out the list of targets for the first half of the signs. She tried the British Museum but they wouldn't allow any personal signs. She stayed anyway and took a quick, self-guided tour of the large museum. She needed the break.
The Greek sculptures got most of her attention. She loved the realism, especially the hair and flowing lines of the clothing. The off-white color of the statues was a plus too, being much lighter than the natural gray skin colors that she was used to seeing.
She stayed less than an hour and didn't manage to see everything but she saw more than enough. With her spirit of adventure renewed by the exhibits in the museum, she attacked the rest of the city, distributing the remaining signs in reasonably short order. She did rush though so she was quite hungry by the time she finished.

* * *

She ended up at one of the first places where she posted a sign. It was a small, warm cafe that served traditional British fare. She ordered a Cornish pasty along with a mug of hot chocolate, her favorite hot drink; really the only hot beverage that she'd drink.
As she sat alone, slowly savoring each bite of the pasty, she happened to glance at the sign that she'd posted earlier. She noticed something added below her message and frowned, thinking it was graffiti. At a closer glance however, the graffiti turned out to be a reply that read:

I've already booked a ride on the 
London Eye tomorrow at 1 pm.

Hope you see this and hope to 
see you tomorrow at 1.

- Eli

Ali's eyes widened at first. Even with her gift, she couldn't believe her good luck. She had to dig in her purse and retrieve one of Eli's handwritten messages that she'd brought from his house. Comparing the handwriting showed that it matched.
She breathed a sigh of relief and smiled. The fish took the bait. All she had to do was reel him in and hope the fishing line didn't break.
She didn't remember the rest of her meal. Visions of Eli occupied most of her thoughts after she saw his message. She swooned all the way back to her hotel and later that night, dreamed of happier days ahead.

* * *

The big day arrived and for once Ali knew exactly what to wear. It was easy. She'd wear what she really wanted to wear the first time she was to meet Eli. It was a rare second chance to start over and she wouldn't waste it.
She laid on the bed in her underwear and spent ten minutes pulling on her favorite pair of tight blue jeans. With the hard part finished, she stood up and slipped on a light blue silk blouse, followed by her favorite black leather boots. She called it the killer casual elegance look. No heterosexual man could resist it.
Once her makeup and hair were done, she appraised herself in the bathroom mirror. She gave herself a good long look, nodding with satisfaction. Then she smiled and blew herself a kiss.
It's show time.
She stopped and shook her head. There went her imagination again, mixing her metaphors. She was supposed to be fishing, not starring in a play.
The seriousness of the task returned and helped her focus. She wrapped herself in her long, black coat and began what felt like a thousand mile journey to meet her destiny with Eli. It couldn't happen fast enough for her.

* * *

To Ali, the London Eye looked more like a giant bicycle wheel than anything else, with thirty two large passenger capsules along its rim. It stood on the south bank of the River Thames diagonally across from Westminster and towered over everything. If she really cared, she'd be able to get a great scenic view of the city from a capsule. She'd be able to look down on the Westminster clock tower that housed Big Ben. She knew the clock itself wasn't named Big Ben. It was the great bell inside.
As she slowly approached the London Eye to stand in line, or queue as they called it in the UK, she looked around for Eli. It should've been simple to spot him with his color, but she didn't see anything except a sea of black, white and gray.
She pulled her hyper phone out of her purse to check the time. It showed fifteen minutes to one. She still had fifteen long minutes and she spent most of that time frantically searching for a splash of color.
Still nothing. Damn it, Eli! Where are you?
If she'd thought about it, she'd realize that her own appearance didn't stand out all that much with only her blond hair to top off her black coat and boots. She hid her blue clothes and even the blue of her eyes with some dark sunglasses to cut the glare of the sun when it peeked out between small, fast-moving clouds. But she tried not to think about such things.
As the one o'clock hour approached, she all but gave up on finding Eli for the moment and decided that she needed to get higher for a better view. She handed over her ticket and boarded one of the slow moving capsules to await the slow climb to the top. The only problem was that it took about thirty minutes for a complete revolution of the great wheel. She'd have to wait several minutes before she started getting high enough for a decent view of the area.
At least the wait gave her time to think. She had to reaffirm that her gift was actually working. She'd gotten lucky again changing the time of the ticket that she bought in advance. She only managed to do it because there were so few passengers at that particular time of day. As it was, there was only one other passenger with her in the capsule.
The other passenger earned nothing more than a cursory glance. He had his back to her as she entered and she noticed that he was tall, wearing black shoes, baggy black pants and a white hoodie with the hood up. His arms were folded and his shoulders looked a little hunched, like he was tired. There was nothing special about him so she stood on the opposite side of the capsule with the low wooden bench between them and looked down at the nearby London Aquarium instead, daydreaming about a certain fish.
As the capsule approached its zenith, Ali had a nagging feeling. She turned to give the other passenger another look, still only seeing him from the back. She kept a close watch on him in spite of the beautiful view all around her. It didn't occur to her to call out to him. She just stared at the back of his head.
The capsule began its slow descent and still she stared, until he turned his head ever so slightly to look over to his left towards Westminster. As he did so, she could just see the tip of his nose. The sun was shining at the moment and because of the glare, she couldn't tell if his skin was colored so she just kept staring.
She almost called out to him then, but the moment passed as he turned back away from her. Then something amazing happened. Someone was having trouble boarding one of the capsules so they stopped the Eye. Ali and her fellow passenger would be spending a little more time together and she turned to look at him again.
This time, he had his hands stuffed in his pockets. No clue there. So instead, she closed her eyes and tried to imagine Eli superimposed over the body of the other passenger. She remembered following Eli into his living room, staring at his broad shoulders from behind. When she opened her eyes, the image of Eli fit perfectly over the body of the passenger and she couldn't stand it any longer.
"Eli?" she asked in a small voice, not daring to hope.
The man flinched ever so slightly and slowly turned. When she finally saw his face, she noticed two familiar looking blue eyes that widened when he saw who he'd been riding with. His first instinct was to run, just as Ali expected. But there was nowhere for him to run. He was trapped. She finally caught her fish and she smiled.
"Hello, Eli. Remember me?"
He opened his mouth but couldn't seem to get out any words so she continued.
"Nice disguise. I didn't recognize you for the longest time."
"Oh, uh…."
"You weren't hiding from me, were you?"
"No! I mean… no. I… I just didn't want to attract too much attention."
"We're in England, Eli. People here are fairly reserved except at certain sporting events. No one's going to mob you."
A significant percentage of people in London were visitors from all over the world, not just England, but they all seemed to tolerate color fairly well. Or perhaps they were just distracted by all of the wondrous sights and long history of the huge city. None of that mattered, however. At that moment, they were alone, high above the city. That's all that mattered.
"Oh. Okay." He pulled his hood back and ruffled his hair a little with his hands.
"Can I do that for you?" she asked quietly.
"Uh. Sure?" He looked confused until she pointed to her own hair and then at his head.
She stepped up on the low bench in the capsule and after she motioned for him with her finger, he moved close enough so she could reach him. She slowly ran her fingers through his hair and sighed. "I've waited too long to do that," she told him.
His confusion continued a short while before a knowing smirk settled on his face. "You cheated," he quietly accused. "You used your ability to set this up."
"Oh, Eli. Haven't you heard?"
"Heard what?"
"All's fair in love and war."
His smirk intensified. "Which one is this?"
"Don't make me hurt you."
"Seriously, Ali. How can you know?"
"How can you be so dense?"
He shrugged, and she practically growled with frustration. Then she noticed the sad look in his eyes. "Eli? Is it really that hard to accept that we're soul mates? At the very least, can't we try and see if we can make it work?"
"It's hard, Ali. I... I pretty much gave up on ever finding someone. I dedicated my life to finding love for others and gave up on myself." He sighed and Ali's heart melted.
She decided to try another tack. "Have you ever kissed?"
He blushed and quietly answered, "Once."
"Did you like it?"
He shrugged again. "Sure. I guess. We were fourteen. It was just before I got color. After I got color, I never heard from her again."
"Oh. Well, we could start slow. Just a kiss. Here and now. What do you say?"
"Uh...."
"It won't hurt. I promise. Please?"
Just then, the London Eye started rotating again. They resumed their descent, and with Ali still standing on the bench, they spent most of the remaining time staring lovingly into each other's eyes. The chemistry between them sparked and flared the whole way down.
When they were one capsule away from the bottom, Eli finally seemed to get control of his emotions. He leaned over and found Ali's waiting lips for a slow, tender kiss. As he kissed her, his hands reached around to caress her lower back, slowly edging down until she abruptly broke away.
"You're certainly a fast learner. But don't start something we can't finish," she warned, looking down and to the side to remind him of the potential for an audience.
He gave her a boyish grin and that did it. She knew with certainty that he was the man for her.
Ali wanted to fix that ride perfectly in her memory for the rest of her life. She couldn't imagine a better way of finding her soul mate, even if she did have to fly thousands of miles and walk for several more all around London.
He took her hand and helped her step down off the bench and they left the capsule hand in hand while resuming the playful conversation that came to a screeching halt after Eli likened her to a sister. He wouldn't make that mistake ever again.
They soon stopped in front of the aquarium and paused for a short time, both wondering if the other would like to go inside.
"I have to leave early tomorrow morning," she suddenly told him with a devastatingly cute pout that stopped him cold.
It took a moment for her words to register. "Oh," he said, frowning. "I don't leave for another five days. I suppose a night of wild passion is out of the question."
"Sorry," she said, looking down. "Never on a first date." But then she feared she presumed too much and looked up at him again, her eyes wide. "We can still date tonight, can't we?"
He turned his head slightly away, but he kept his eyes fixed on her and gave her a stern look. "Duh!" he said after a short pause, making her laugh.
And date they did. They started by seeing the London Aquarium, since it was so conveniently placed, followed by an early dinner and a movie that had Ali crying by the end. The night was still young after all that so they finished the night off with some dancing at two different nightclubs. They wanted to experience as much as they could in the short time they had together in the great city and they had a fantastic first date.
Eli, being the perfect gentleman, walked her back to her hotel and gently kissed her goodnight in the lobby, giving her a little wave and an ever so slight look of regret before he turned and left her, staring back at him until he left the building.
His look could be taken so many different ways and it made her think of her own feelings of regret, but she was so afraid of jinxing their budding relationship by moving too quickly. She shook it off though and hurried up to her room to pack. She had a lot to do and a lot to think about and plan for before they could officially get together.

* * *

Ali had already booked her return flight. She had to leave well ahead of Eli, and she had to wait an agonizingly long time for him to come home. In the meantime, they spent much of their free time video chatting, discussing the weather, family, color, and their future together.
Eli couldn't bring himself to commit to marriage anytime soon, but they talked about the possibility and decided to determine their compatibility by living together. It wasn't a difficult decision for them. They'd live together in Eli's house and she'd sell her house, deciding privately that she'd use the money from her house to start a college trust fund for any children they might have. She was sure he'd approve.
When Eli finally did arrive back in the States, she waited for him at the airport, holding a sign with his name painted in multiple colors and a crude painting of a colorful fish below his name.
"Ali!" he shouted when he saw her from the escalator.
The likely soul mates collided in a mostly tasteful display of hugs and kisses until Eli decided to separate to ask a question. "The sign's a nice touch but what's with the fish?"
She smiled and shrugged, thinking that some things were better left unsaid.

* * *

The two of them got home after the usual, long drive, though the car pool lane did help shorten the trip. Eli carried his luggage while Ali held open the front door for him. He entered but asked her to wait before following him in.
She gave him a raised eyebrow and then squealed with delight after he quickly put down his bags in the entry way and turned to scoop her up in his arms. He carried her into the house, kicked the door closed and forgot all about his bags for the moment as he continued carrying her to the living room. He gently laid her on the soft leather couch and smothered her lips with a long, passionate kiss. When he finally came up for air, he backed away slightly to see his beloved with a goofy smile plastered on her face.
"I've waited too long to do that," he told her.
He reluctantly got up to deal with his luggage, dragging it to the bedroom to get it out of the way, and when he came back, he saw her sitting up on the couch with a pensive look on her face.
Ali suddenly remembered something that she'd been wanting to ask him and kept forgetting. "Say, what exactly is your mother's ability? She said she used it to help us get together but she never really said what it was."
"Hm," he said. "You know, I'm not really sure myself. She's never really told me or anyone else that I know. Maybe not even my dad."
Ali gave him a piercing look. "I don't know if I believe you."
"It's true!" he said, holding up his hands.
"I think you do know and I'm going to tickle the truth out of you."
"Now wait a minute," he said, trying to buy some time. "All I can tell you is that she somehow just knows things. And they seem to come to her exactly when she needs to know them. It's really odd. I don't think she really understands it herself. It doesn't seem to be anything like telepathy."
Ali paused then, looking up as she spoke. "I wonder if it's something like amplified women's intuition."
Eli snorted. "Women's intuition."
"A woman's intuition is vastly superior to a man's gut feeling so I wouldn't scoff if I were you."
He snorted again but didn't comment.
She started moving slowly towards him again, her eyes narrowed and her voice low. "What is your gut feeling telling you now?"
"Um.... I think it's telling me to run." He pretended to look scared but he soon gave away his true mood. Laughter could be heard as he suddenly turned and ran in the direction of the master bedroom.
Ali chased after him and sounds of laughter quickly changed to muted sounds of pleasure. They shared a long intimate evening, the first of many in their long, happy life together.

Back to Table of Contents
When Dreams Come True

Just as she always did once each night, Holly became lucid in her dream and waited for a scene to develop while standing at the front desk of the library where she worked. She tucked an errant strand of her long, straight brown hair behind an ear and failed to resist trying to adjust her wire-framed glasses, forgetting for the moment that her vision was perfect. She never wore glasses in her dreams.
Everything around her dissolved into a gray fog when she wasn't paying attention, but as soon as she concentrated on something, it snapped into sharp focus. At that moment, her tall standing desk held her gaze. The faux wooden monstrosity stood directly in front of her with a long table on each side. The middle section of the desk contained a computer monitor, flashing a message over and over in bright gray letters on a charcoal background. The message told her to watch for the sad young girl who'd approached her desk the day before, asking for a book about miracles.
Having access to a computer in her dream was a rare opportunity and she wondered if she should type something; search for Atlantis, or perhaps ask about life after death. She composed something in her mind but before she could type it, the little girl arrived, and it was just as well. There was no keyboard or any other input device to be seen. Only the monitor existed, and it dissolved into mist that drifted away when Holly turned her attention to the girl standing in front of the desk.
The sad little girl appeared to be about five years old, and she looked exactly as she had in the waking world; shoes full of holes, tattered jeans, and a stained tee shirt that spoke volumes about her family's finances, tangled and greasy long hair that might have been blond if the girl had color, and those same haunting eyes. The puffiness and dark rims around her eyes told a story of crying herself to sleep more often than not. The girl broke Holly's heart.
"Hi there, little girl. I'm Holly. What's your name?"
The girl just stared back.
"Are you still looking for a miracle?"
The girl nodded.
"May I ask what miracle you'd like to have?"
She nodded again but still didn't speak.
"Well?"
The little girl took a deep breath and shuddered out a sigh. Finally, she spoke. "I want my mommy to get better."
Holly's eyes teared up. "Is your mommy in the hospital?"
The girl shook her head. "Nuh uh. She was but she's at home now and Daddy says she's not gonna get better." She sniffled as a tear trickled down her cheek.
"I think I can help your mommy. Would you like me to try?"
The little girl slowly nodded twice and then froze as her appearance suddenly changed. Her hair shortened. Then it turned a much darker gray along with her eyes. Her cheeks grew rounder and her chin sharpened, and the changes didn't stop with her face. The ratty shoes turned into shiny black Mary Janes, and her jeans and tee shirt morphed into a short, frilly dress that brought back memories for Holly. The little girl looked much like a young version of her older sister.
"Sarah? Is that you?"
The little girl didn't reply right away. Instead, she looked down at her tiny hands and chubby little knees before squealing and finally blurting out, "Yeah! Wow! Look at me, Sis!"
Holly shook her head at the bizarre sight.
Some nights, Sarah would show up as her adult gray self and lead her sister to someone making a wish for themselves from afar. On other nights, when someone showed up in Holly's dream library wanting to help a friend or relative, Sarah would merge with whomever showed up and again lead the way to where Holly could work her magic. The merging, when it happened, was the strangest part of the whole process.
She'd long since accepted the strangeness of being awake in a dream. After discovering the term "lucid dream", she'd read a lot about the subject and found that lucid dreams weren't all that uncommon. What was truly rare was the sharing of dreams. She shared her dream not just with her sister, but with people all around her own modest city and beyond. It was quite strange, and even stranger was the fact that some of the people that she met in her dream hadn't met her in real life. A photograph and associated news story could attract her attention and activate her special ability. The satisfaction she felt after helping someone made it easy to get used to the shared, lucid dreams, though.
"Hey, Sarah. Wait up."
Sarah had run ahead on her little legs, full of youthful energy. She turned around, arms akimbo, and huffed at having to wait.
Catching up, Holly had to shake her head. "I can't get over how small and cute you are."
"Yeah. Because I was never cute."
"Aw. Don't get sarcastic with me, young lady." She giggled, earning a frown from her sister.
They started walking again, side by side, with Sarah being uncharacteristically quiet until Holly said, "I wish you'd remember these dreams."
"There you go again. I can't help it if I can't remember. I wish you could remember me before you got color."
"I still say you should set your alarm for the middle of the night and keep a dream journal. It might help you remember."
"Not happening, Sis! Just let it go!" Sarah said as she started walking faster.
Holly kept pace. "Fine, Sarah. I'm letting it go. But I'm still stuck on why you have to lead me to people. It doesn't make sense. Why can't I find anyone on my own?"
"Maybe you can. Have you ever tried?"
That made Holly stop and think. Sarah kept walking but she soon turned around and came back when she realized that she wasn't being followed.
"You know, I don't think I ever have."
"Yeah, Sis. I think we're even then. I haven't tried to let you find anyone on your own. I always jump right into leading the way. I can't seem to help it. Funny, huh?"
"Yeah. Funny." Holly went quiet, trying to sort everything out in her head.
"Okay, Sis. That's enough lollygagging. We still have a little ways to go. Come on. I don't have all night."
Sarah took off, skipping ahead with Holly chasing after her.

* * *

Holly caught up to her sister in front of a small rambler in a lower middle-class neighborhood of the city. Once there, Sarah turned around and waved goodbye as her features and clothes morphed back to that of the original girl. Holly hated that part the most. Sarah would show her the way and then fade out of the dream, never to see the wonderful final results. It didn't make sense. Nothing about her special ability made sense. She was supposed to be a librarian, not a fairy godmother.
A minute or so later, the little girl quickly blinked several times in confusion before turning around to see her house. She called back over her shoulder as she ran towards the front door. "This way, nice color lady!"
The little girl stood on the porch, holding open the door, and Holly hurried over to step inside the dark house and see the dreamscape matching reality. She'd never seen the house before, but somehow, she knew it would look exactly the same in real life.
Dozens of small framed pictures adorned the short, central hallway of the house. Three steps past the small entryway and looking left into the kitchen, a digital clock on a microwave oven read 2:17, showing it to be very early in the morning, so of course it was dark inside and out. It was still the middle of the night and everyone was asleep. She looked down and felt the little girl gently tugging on her right sleeve, trying to pull her into the living room. 
The nature of her shared dreams seemed to mimic reality in so many ways, with the local time, buildings and most physical objects matching the real world. Only people seemed to change significantly, like her sister and the person who would soon be changed by her ability.
In spite of the dark, she could see perfectly well. A hospital bed sat in the middle of a sparsely furnished living room, and in the bed was the girl's emaciated mother. The terminally ill woman had an IV with a morphine drip to manage the pain during her final few weeks of life. They brought her home to die.
The little girl broke away and ran to her mother's side, taking a frail hand in both of hers and holding it up to the side of her face, pretending to have it give her loving caresses. Holly couldn't help but cry at the sight. It took her a moment to collect herself.
She eventually walked over and asked the girl to move aside so she could work her magic. She called it magic because there was no other explanation for what she could do. Miracles, magic, quantum improbabilities were just words to label the impossible things that she could accomplish with her special ability.
As soon as the girl released her mother's hand, Holly gently held it herself between her two open hands. She then closed her eyes and released her magic, seeing a bright glow through her eyelids that lit up the room. As the magic worked, Holly thought about everything she'd read about the body's immune system. She directed the magic to strengthen the immune system and remove anything that didn't belong, and at the same time, she returned normal function to all of the damaged organs. Her voracious reading of all different subjects helped her ability as it often did. As a finishing touch, she even cleared the body of morphine.
The little girl made noises of astonishment but didn't say anything. She waited until the glow subsided and then called out to her mother. "Mommy? Are you all better now?"
The formerly ill woman had a severe coughing fit that worried both Holly and the little girl. But the coughing subsided and the woman opened her eyes to look at Holly. The two women looked deep into each other's eyes until the girl's mother spoke.
"What… what happened? Who are you?"
"I'm Holly. Your daughter asked me to come and heal you."
"What?" The woman stared at Holly then, and though the dim light made it difficult to perceive color, the woman soon noticed. "You've got color," she said. From her tone of voice, she seemed a little agitated, and Holly could guess why. Color bothered so many people.
"Yes, I've got color. And thanks to that color, I got a special ability that allowed me to heal you."
"Right…," the woman said, sounding like she didn't believe it. She started to look around the dark room. "Where am I? Am I at home?"
Holly smiled. "Yes. You're in your living room. You were brought home to die but you're going to be okay now."
"Wait. I'm not going to die? But I thought I was going to die." Recognizing her home furnishings and noticing the hospital bed that she lied in, everything finally sunk in and she started crying.
"Don't cry, Mommy. You're all better now." The little girl hugged her mother and cried along with her.
Holly felt a little awkward watching the private moment, but she couldn't help smiling. It felt so good to help people.
After a few minutes, mother and daughter cried themselves out enough that the mother turned her attention to Holly once again. "Okay. I'm... I'm trying to be grateful here, but you need to leave."
"I understand. I'm just glad you're okay, and I ask that you don't tell anyone that I healed you. Just say you had a miraculous recovery. Okay?"
"Why would I tell anyone you healed me?" The woman frowned. "I suppose I could look up your name easily enough. But really, I don't want anyone to know I was healed by someone with color. I just want you to leave. Please go."
Holly sighed. "You're welcome," she muttered as she turned to leave.
The little girl shouted out, "Goodbye, nice color lady! Thanks for making my Mommy better!"
Holly heard a slap, followed by the girl's mother shouting. "That's enough, Melanie! Don't encourage her!"
"But, Mommy!"
Holly quickly faded out before she heard any more, drifting off to a deep and dreamless sleep for the rest of the night.

* * *

Holly woke up later that morning, completely refreshed and ready to seize the day. She looked up at the wall nearest her queen-size bed to see "CARPE DIEM" boldly displayed on a black poster with large white letters that she could read without her glasses. They blurred a little but she could read them, and when she did, she smiled.
Mornings were always so nice to wake up to after a fulfilling night of using her ability. She couldn't cope well with any kind of negativity, so she blocked out the prejudiced woman from her dream and concentrated on the grateful little girl.
The girl had a much nicer view of the world, mostly free of the prejudice that she'd likely learn from her mother. That sweetness and innocence matched Holly's personality, one that embraced caring and love while shunning hatred and prejudice.
Holly seriously needed to grow up, but she didn't dare. She wouldn't let herself, not with her ability. Wishes could just as easily be harmful and she wouldn't go down that road.
Ironically, though she remained childlike, she couldn't remember her childhood. Memories of herself and her family when she was a girl eluded her. She didn't remember much of anything except what she learned in school before she gained color at seventeen.
She shrugged off her memory issues and stayed in bed, basking in the warm glow that came from helping others, until her radio alarm came alive to remind her of her other duties. She had a job to do.
Being a librarian gave her the opportunity to help others. She helped people gain knowledge as well as find entertainment, depending on the type of book or website. It also allowed her to add to her own knowledge. She learned a little about so many different things and different places, and as her mind expanded, so too did her ability to make dreams come true. Knowledge truly was power, as it gave her new and creative ideas that showed her what was possible in the realm of dreams and imagination. She had the perfect vocation as far as she was concerned. She loved her job, her special ability and her life. Mostly.
She sighed.
Her sister's inability to remember their shared dreams caused her no end of frustration and disappointment. Why, just the other day....
She paused in confusion. She thought that she had a recent conversation with Sarah about it, but she couldn't remember any details. Now who's got memory problems? She gave a short, nervous laugh.
Not being able to talk about her dreams with anyone really did start to bother her. She found herself getting desperate, and trying to think of what she could do about it consumed more and more of her free time. Saying it outright wouldn't work. Who would believe it? It was crazy, even for someone with color. Making dreams come true? She was like a fairy godmother. A crazy, dangerous fairy godmother.
No. That's not fair.
Except for one incident when her power first manifested, nothing bad had happened as far as she could tell. She'd always focused on doing good by helping people, helping to prevent suffering, and she'd corrected what she considered to be her first and only mistake. With the death of her parents, it had seemed understandable to want them back. She could forgive herself for not understanding her limits and wishing them back. That mistake had been corrected and there'd been no other incidents since.
Holly generally kept her thoughts pure and controlled her emotions, her only indulgence being some extremely vivid daydreams. Even then, she always played the heroine to vanquish whatever evil popped up in her head. She figured that she needed the outlet, and daydreams seemed harmless enough.
In the real world, she played the role of a good, if bland, librarian, and as a librarian, she had a quiet, kindly reputation to uphold. In her dreams, she'd be a heroine. She loved playing the heroine.
Sometimes she wondered if she'd wished herself to be so pure and good at some point. She couldn't remember doing so but that didn't mean it didn't happen. She could've wished herself to forget that she'd done it.
She shivered then. Her ability could really scare her when she got so introspective.
With a nervous giggle to brush away her concerns, she busied herself with getting ready for work. She dressed in one of her usual conservative outfits, wearing black tights, a long, wool skirt and a heavy sweater to keep off the early spring chill. Thanks to bureaucrats pinching every penny they could get their grubby little mitts on, she had to keep it colder than she liked at the library.
She stared into a small, magnifying mirror in the bathroom and barely touched her face with mascara and a little eyeliner. Her dark lipstick would have to wait until after she had breakfast. She put on her glasses and trundled through her house in her favorite, pink fuzzy slippers, carrying her moderately high-heeled shoes and placing them near the front door on her way to the kitchen.
Makeup was easy since it mostly involved extremes of dark and light to highlight the eyes and lips. Some of the newer middle shades of gray required care, as they could translate into awkward colors when applied to her skin. Teenage girls seemed to get bolder every year, applying subtle grays to their cheeks and eyelids, but she didn't care to experiment any more than she already did.
As with all people who had special abilities, her color leached into the clothes and accessories that she wore. Besides her pink slippers, her sweater turned a calming green. The skirt remained gray and the tights a dark charcoal but she had some color to go with her skin, hair, and dark brown eyes. The lipstick would add to her pleasant mood too, as she knew it would since she used the same kind every day. It turned a dark reddish-brown that matched her other colors very well. 
Her sputtering espresso machine brought her back to the physical world, startling her as it usually did. She often lost herself to her musings and needed someone or something to snap her out of it. With a cup of coffee and toasted English muffin soon in hand, she moved to the dining room table where her trusty laptop waited. She started it up and quickly brought up her favorite collection of local and international news feeds.
The first news item to catch her eye seemed all too familiar and too scary fast to be reported. She was afraid of that. It was the story of a little girl's wish and her mother's miraculous recovery. There was no mention of Holly's name but when she saw that the family lived in Moses Lake, she felt nervous. Their house couldn't be all that far from her own in the small city.
So far, no one had connected her to all of the wonderful happenings in and around a region that covered several states and a few Canadian provinces. Holly had hoped that she'd spread her miracle workings thin enough to make it somewhat difficult to guess who was responsible. But if anyone had cared to plot all of the miraculous stories on a map, it would be plain enough to see that a single person with color lived roughly near the center of all the points on the map. Everyone knew that people with color had special abilities, and they were rare enough that they were scattered far and wide across the globe. For the past eight years, Holly had been the only one of her kind who'd taken up residence in all of Eastern Washington, leaving her family and only two others with color in the western half of the state to strike out on her own.
Getting a job as librarian in the small city was easy, partly because of good timing, with the previous librarian retiring, and partly because of her color and the partial truth that she told everyone about her special ability. Thanks to her true special ability, she could read any language. It was literally her own dream come true in spite of being hounded by anthropologists and linguists with the most obscure and quite frankly boring texts that she ever had the misfortune to translate. Most of the images of tablets and scrolls that were emailed to her involved accounting or some type of inventory. One of the most enduring traits of human behavior throughout recorded history was the desire to catalog and appraise belongings. It bored her to tears. It was by far her least favorite way of helping people.
Her first wish for herself allowed her to read any script in any language and after that, she hadn't made any more of her own dreams come true. She didn't really have any more dreams that she could truly call her own, other than perhaps her vocation. Being able to read any language did inspire her to become a librarian, so she became a librarian, and so far, the rest of her life was spent in service of others. Other dreamers constantly merged with her consciousness at night and swarmed her with a lifetime of wishes to fulfill.
Moving might have helped to keep people from connecting her to all of her good deeds, but if someone seemed determined enough to track a stationary target, it wasn't likely that they'd have much more difficulty tracking a moving one. With her color, Holly would always stand out wherever she went. She had to hope that her ability to read any language would be enough to hide her true ability.
She looked out at the dry scrubland outside her dining room window and watched a few seagulls flying towards the large lake that gave the city its name. Her thoughts began to wander again and when she started wondering what Sarah would look like as one of the white and gray birds, she vigorously shook her head and got serious about finishing her breakfast.
Nothing worse than a late librarian.

* * *

A short, pudgy businessman wearing a dark gray pin-striped suit sat at his gray desk in his gray office, absently doodling on a legal size notepad while he scanned his favorite news feeds. The pen scratched circles, spirals and lots of angry triangles before tearing a long gash in the page and coming to a screeching halt.
"Another one," he muttered. "Another waste… of time," he said, licking his thin, wide lips after every other word.
He noticed the same story that Holly had been reading and it piqued his interest. As soon as he saw the location where the story took place, he pulled a key ring from his right pants pocket. The key ring held a short, crooked metal tool and a single key that he used to unlock his top desk drawer. Reaching inside the drawer, he used the crooked tool to unlatch a false bottom and reveal a map.
Before he got the map out, he reached across his large desk to buzz his personal assistant. "Hold all my calls the rest of the day, Miss Finkler," he barked. "I've got serious business to attend to."
"Yes, Mr. Vargas," she told him.
If he could've seen his personal assistant, he might have fired her on the spot. As he spoke to her, she rolled her eyes and after she acknowledged him, she mouthed the words, "Serious business my ass," and in her mind, added, 'Phone calls are your only serious business. I do everything else.' She immediately went back to filing her nails and looking bored while he went back to what he started. He did have some serious business; serious personal business.
Mr. Vargas slowly licked his lips several times as he retrieved his map, and immediately after placing the map on the desktop, he used his favorite doodling pen to draw a seventh concentric circle around Moses Lake, Washington, on the opposite side of the country from his office in Massachusetts. Then he leaned back in his leather chair to give the map a good, long look and saw a definite pattern.
Whenever he read an impossible sounding bit of good news, he circled the location on the map, and when the same place had another impossible event, he added another, slightly larger circle around the previous one. After adding the new circle to Moses Lake, it had as many circles as the much larger city of Spokane at the eastern edge of the same state. The events clustered slightly more around Eastern Washington than they did anywhere else in the country, and that pretty much settled the matter for him. Just to be sure though, he consulted the Color Watch website and confirmed that only one person with color lived in the area. Her name was Holly Jones and he started making plans to visit that woman in person. He had a serious business proposition for her.
The man leaned way back in his chair and clasped his pudgy little hands on top of his large, round belly while slowly licking his lips. He often sat that way, starting as a young boy. His schoolmates thought he looked rather toad-like in that pose, especially with his severe acne and short, slicked-back hair. They all took to calling him Toad.
Arland Vargas hated his classmates. He hated everyone, even himself. He felt somewhat too far from perfect, but that would soon change if he was right about Holly.

* * *

Holly got home late after another pleasant day at work. She stayed late every Thursday and joined a group to read stories in other languages. The usual language of choice was Spanish but she occasionally got requests to read in other languages such as Russian and French, and the requests came from people of all ages. She loved it. The stories were all so different. Story night at the library fueled her strong desire to be of service to people and sparked her imagination. The vast majority of the stories were fiction, and they inspired ever more fanciful dreams.
Her dreams insulated her from the harsh realities of life in the real world, helping her maintain a childlike innocence. She lost herself in one of her frequent daydreams as she fixed herself a late supper, mixing the act of preparing the meal with climbing aboard an old sailing vessel and setting sail to try to find some uncharted desert island for a little treasure hunt. She wasn't sure what kind of food she was preparing but it somehow became a handsome captain's meal that she hand fed to him in his cabin.
The beeping of the microwave oven startled her, ending her promising daydream before she could try giving the captain a back rub to help him relax after a hard day of running the ship. Nothing much else would happen. No one would shed any clothes. She had a healthy appreciation for men that she limited to platonic friendships. She couldn't imagine anything more, not with the types of stories that she read to children and adults at the library, and not with her non-existent love life.
She made a mental note to resume her fantasy at her earliest opportunity, maybe even later that evening. She almost felt like scheduling her dreams. There were so many.
Concentration seemed ever more difficult for her. As she sat eating her late dinner and sipping her grape juice, her thoughts wandered away from her earlier daydream and drifted back along her recent spate of elaborate wish fulfilling. She felt conflicted about ramping up her ability over the past few years. She loved helping people, and thrived on the entertainment value of her dreams, but at the same time, she worried about the possibility of someone deducing her true ability. No one really paid much attention to the rescue of a treed cat or the retrieval of a lost wedding ring. It was only after she started healing terminal illnesses and fatal injuries that her dreams started showing up in the news. She didn't know what to do or who to turn to, and she couldn't think of any way to prevent it with her ability except by reversing all of her good deeds. She couldn't do that!
Her thoughts turned to her sister again. If only Sarah could remember their shared dreams. If she could remember, she might be able to help come up with a solution. Sarah was so clever in her dreams. Why couldn't she help in real life?
Holly suddenly had an idea. She wished for the courage to tell her sister everything. Being led around in a shared lucid dream wasn't going to be enough. She needed help in the real world. It was about time she made another one of her own dreams come true.

* * *

Dreams were difficult to come by that night. Worry and stress made for a restless sleep. It took most of the night before Holly finally slipped into a lucid dream. And just as it had happened in her very first lucid dream when she wished to read any language, her sister showed up as her normal self at the library.
"Holly… no," the older gray woman said as she approached the front desk. "You shouldn't. You can't."
The librarian stood behind the front desk as usual and frowned. "You mean my wish? How can you know what wish I'll be fulfilling? How do you always know?"
The gray woman shrugged. Her lips twisted into a wry grin. "Dreams are special. Especially yours, Sis. That's why I can't let you make your wish."
"Why not? Darn it! I want you to remember!"
"I'm sorry, Holly. I can't… at least not yet. Save it for another time... the right time."
"Wait. What do you mean?"
"I can't exactly say. Not now. You'll know when the time is right. Trust me. So please. Let's move on to the next dream."
Holly nearly cried then, until a new thought popped into her head. She almost kicked herself for not thinking of it earlier. "Okay, dear sister," she said, the start of a smile tugging at the corners of her mouth. "As long as you're here as yourself, let me make one of your dreams come true."
That stopped Sarah cold. With a shocked look on her face, she slowly shook her head and mouthed the word, "No."
Holly retaliated by nodding and mouthing the word, "Yes." She walked around the tall, front desk and hugged her sister while speaking softly into her ear. "Your wish is my command."
Sarah stopped shaking her head and pushed away from the hug. She looked around the library and sighed. She continued to stand in the library. No one else showed up for a wish. Her sister reserved the wish for her. She'd have to use it herself.
After several perceived minutes in the dream, the gray woman huffed. "Fine. You want a wish? I'll give you a wish. I wish you'd sleep in for once in your life!" With that, she faded away, leaving her sister to slump to the ground, fast asleep in her dream as well as reality.

* * *

It was a very upset librarian who'd rushed to work nearly two hours late the next morning. She'd slept in just as her sister had wished. That had meant getting dressed and made up in record time, with no coffee or food.
Holly pulled into her reserved parking spot and quickly noticed that the rest of the parking lot remained empty. No one waited at the locked front door. No one missed her that Friday morning, or at least no one needed the library enough to wait for her.
She got out of her small, hybrid electric car and made her way to the front door to unlock it. After entering, a nervous laugh suddenly bubbled up inside her and threatened to escape. She quickly put a stop to it, stowing her purse in a locked cabinet and then starting up the computer system.
As soon as her computer monitor blinked its readiness, the front desk phone rang, startling the woman and preempting a much needed daydream.
"Where've you been?" the voice of her manager said. "I've been calling all morning."
"Um. I guess I overslept? I must have needed the sleep. I had a bit of a crazy night and…."
"Save it," her manager said, interrupting. "I don't want to hear any excuses. Just don't let it happen again. Especially next week."
"Oh! I'm really very sorry, Margaret. I've never overslept before. It just… happened."
"Stop. Please. It's okay. But like I said, don't let it happen next week."
"Why? What's so special about next week?"
"We've got a new friend of the library coming to visit who's…. Wait. Forget friend. This guy's a full-fledged patron."
"Yes? Donating a lot of money, is he?"
"Boatloads. Trainloads. Shitloads. This Mr. Vargas guy is loaded with cash. I don't understand why someone from back East would care about our little library but I do know that it has something to do with you."
Holly winced at the vulgar word, but she shrugged it off and focused on the mystery visitor. "Me?"
"Yes. He specifically asked for you by name. He must know about your language skills as well as your color and I guess it impressed him."
"Really?"
"Yes! So please be extra nice to him."
"I don't understand. I'm always nice to everyone, aren't I?"
"Seriously, Holly? I was insinuating that you sleep with him."
"Why would I do that? Does he have trouble sleeping by himself?"
Margaret sighed. "I can't believe you sometimes. I can't even joke with you. But no matter. I probably was going too far. I just really want to expand our tiny library. With your special ability, we could be drawing in a lot more people and interest if we had a larger building and more materials. We could also do with more computers. And I mean real computers, not the pieces of crap that we're stuck with."
"Okay. I get it. I can see you mean well. I'll try my best to get a nice donation. But I still don't understand why this man is coming to see me. It seems a little odd, don't you think?"
"Oh, Holly. I don't care if Mr. Vargas has horns and breathes fire. I want a little more out of life than the same thing day after day. You know what I mean?"
"I guess." Holly smiled when she thought about sleeping in and how exciting it felt to get away with being late to work. "Change is good."
"Exactly so. Let's see about getting some serious changes in our life, shall we?"
Holly nodded. "You're right. Thanks, Margaret." The librarian looked up to see a young man enter the library. "Oh. I have to go. Another young, impressionable mind just arrived."
Margaret laughed. "That's the spirit. Have a good day."
"You too."
The two women hung up and resumed their respective jobs, though Holly's was much easier, so easy that she teetered on the edge of another daydream.
That's one tiny crisis averted, having survived coming in late, with another crisis on the way. I've got a bad feeling.

* * *

Holly slipped into one daydream after another on Friday. It kept her sane, because when she wasn't daydreaming, she was thinking about Mr. Vargas, the would-be library patron. She didn't believe him for a minute, and she hadn't even spoken to him yet. His insincere vibes rubbed off indirectly through Margaret, sending a chill down her spine. Her concerns escalated enough that they invaded her current daydream.
In her imagination, Holly had been captured by pirates who sailed Moses Lake and plundered expensive, lakefront homes. The pirates tied her to the mizzenmast. Her lower station in life didn't warrant being tied to the mainmast but she made up for it with pluck and sass. At least she dressed comfortably and sensibly all in black, wearing a long, fitted tunic over leggings and leather boots that reached halfway up her calves.
"Avast, ye scurvy pirates!" she scolded. "Untie me this minute and I might let ye live."
The pirates laughed and one stepped forward. The short, pudgy pirate smiled to reveal several missing teeth, and his tongue darted out to lick his wide, thin lips. He smelled like a pig sty in late summer. His only friends being the flies that incessantly buzzed circles around him.
"Brave words, lass," he said. "But ye need to back 'em up with somethin', I think."
"You think? Do tell!" she teased, her eyes sparkling.
"Har har," the short, smelly pirate said with a sarcastic tone. "You be having somethin' that I be wantin' and I aim to get it."
Just then, a tall, dashing young man swung down out of nowhere. He swung right into the short pirate, bowling him over to take his place. The young man gave the downed pirate a brief look of disgust and then turned to flash a brilliant smile at Holly, who would soon be swooning in his arms. But his smile was wasted. The woman was no longer tied to the mast. Only a few strands of frayed rope remained.
The man heard a short, sharp whistle and looked up to see her looking down at him from the top of the mizzensail.
"Looking for me, handsome? I'm sorry but I couldn't just wait around to be rescued."
"Fear not, fair lady. I shall yet make myself useful by taking you with me when I leave this foul ship."
"Uh… you might want to deal with the pirates first," she said, pointing behind him.
The swashbuckler turned to see the entire crew of the ship staring at him with drool running down their chins. The young man flinched ever so slightly before drawing his rapier and rushing at them with reckless abandon.
"I'll give you points for style," Holly told him. "But you really should've joined me up here where's it's relatively safe."
She turned away briefly to keep from seeing the carnage. When she went to look again, the swashbuckler stood with ropes around his bare upper body. The ropes held his arms at his sides while the pirates searched for a plank.
"Oh, dear," she muttered.
"Wait a minute," a nearby familiar voice said, startling the woman. The voice belonged to her sister, dressed identically to Holly except all in white.
"Sarah! Are you really here? Now? In my daydreams?"
"Yes, Sis. I'm really here. And so is someone else that really shouldn't be. See that pirate there?" She pointed to the short, smelly pirate that first spoke.
Holly nodded.
"That's Mr. Vargas."
"The library patron?"
"He's no patron."
"He's not?"
Sarah sighed. "No, he's not. But forget that for now. Mr. Vargas shouldn't be here. Not this soon anyway, and not in a daydream."
Holly didn't like the way the conversation headed. She lost her concentration and everything except Mr. Vargas and the wooden deck dissolved into a gray fog with Holly and Sarah floating above and looking down on him. The change in scenery seemed to go unnoticed by the man as he paced back and forth, muttering to himself.
"What do you mean?" Holly asked.
Sarah took a deep breath. "You're confusing dreams and reality. You used to know the difference."
"I do know the difference! I'm just having a bit of fun!"
"Mr. Vargas is the very antithesis of fun. He's selfish, vain, greedy and immoral. He's coming to use you for his own benefit. Can't you see that?"
"But I was winning!"
"This is a daydream, Holly! Wake up! I know you got enough sleep. I made sure of it. You don't need to lose yourself in daydreams all day."
"Fine. Be a party pooper. I get next to no fun and excitement in my real life. Dreams are all I have."
Sarah sadly shook her head. "You might not even have dreams any more if Mr. Vargas has his way. He's already invading your daydreams. That's a bad sign. A very bad sign. But don't worry, Sis. I'll help you."
Holly scoffed. "What can you do? You won't remember any of this."
"True enough, but not the way you think. I'll be helping you when you most need it. Now end this farce and go home. Be prepared for tonight. We've got dreams to fulfill and plans to make."
"Okay. Fine. Be mysterious. I like mysterious."
Sarah smiled as she faded away.

* * *

Wednesday, doomsday, a day of reckoning all arrived in one neat little package waiting to be opened, if only one had the courage to do so. Holly didn't have the courage. She stood at the front desk of the library, nervously picking at tiny dots of colored lint on her long, green skirt. Mid morning sunlight filtered through the front windows, not giving the library nearly enough cheer to fight off the darkness that emanated from the man who visited them.
The short businessman stood nearby, wearing his favored dark gray suit and tightly clutching the handle of a new, black leather briefcase. He kept his short, thinning black hair slicked straight back on his head and licked his wide, thin lips incessantly. When he wasn't talking, the worst thing about him had to be his excessive use of cologne. It didn't matter that it was obscenely expensive. It was just too much. He reeked of it.
The regional manager, Margaret, gave up trying to be friendly with the special guest who held the purse strings for a potentially brighter future for the little library. The older woman kept quiet after an unsuccessful attempt to make small talk, and happily took advantage of her unwanted presence by standing farther away from him. With introductions finished, she'd adjusted her glasses, smoothed the skirt of her dress suit, and walked to the far corner of the room, having been dismissed by a casual wave of the man's pudgy hand.
"Hello, Mr. Vargas," Holly said. Normally, she'd add niceties to her welcome but she skipped past them, hoping that her manager wouldn't notice.
Margaret didn't notice the breach in etiquette. She was too distracted by the visitor. Both women couldn't help but be overwhelmed by the unpleasantness of the man. Everything about him set off warning bells.
Whenever she could, Margaret looked over at Holly and silently apologized with a sympathetic look.
Holly noticed the apology but didn't dare respond. The would-be patron demanded virtually all of her attention for the moment.
"So nice to meet you, Miss Jones," he said. "I've read so much about you."
"Oh, you flatter me. I'm just a librarian."
The man barked out a laugh. "No, Miss Jones. You're so much more than just a librarian."
His last statement made Holly nervous, but even worse was how often he licked his lips. The man was a toad, in appearance as well as demeanor.
"Well, I can read any language. That's been handy. I enjoy reading stories to children of all ethnicities and I've helped out a lot of scientists with various translations."
"I'm well aware of your abilities, Miss Jones. But there's only one ability that I'm interested in talking to you about."
"What do you mean? My color?"
The human toad looked over at Margaret and scowled as he spoke to Holly. "I think it might be better if we discussed this in private, don't you?"
Margaret took the obvious hint. "I see," she said, already on her way out. "I'll be in the reading room in case you need me."
Holly looked after her manager with mixed feelings, grateful that she wasn't exactly leaving her alone in the library with Mr. Vargas but still anxious. She knew what was coming and it scared her. She wished she felt as strong and bold as she did in her daydreams.
So be bold! A voice suddenly spoke to the woman, startling her.
"Did you hear that?" she asked her guest, her voice just above a whisper.
"Hear what, Miss Jones? I didn't hear anything."
Your ears only, Sis! Keep calm! I've got your back.
"Never mind. I guess I'm just…."
"Yes? Just what?" he said, leering at her, clearly enjoying the effect that his strong presence was having on her.
Repeat after me, Sis. Keep repeating after me, sentence by sentence. Sarah spoke and Holly repeated it without realizing what she was saying.
"Just tired of your games."
"Excuse me?" he said, his eyes narrowing.
Sarah fed Holly more lines.
"You heard me. I'm tired of your games. I know why you're here so let's hear it. You want me to make all your dreams come true or else. Am I right?"
"Yes. Something like that. I see the time for pleasantries has passed."
"There's nothing pleasant about you, Mr. Vargas. You reek of cologne and selfish desire."
The man narrowed his eyes. "Really, Miss Jones. Such behavior is unbecoming. But I've let you have your fun. Now it's my turn."
Holly stopped listening to Sarah. She sat down in the nearest chair and demurely crossed her legs to continue the conversation in her own words. She thought she could handle it well enough. "Go for it," she told him.
Mr. Vargas paced a little as he spoke but he never took his eyes off her. "Over the past few years, I've noticed dozens and dozens of impossible good news items that happen to be centered around this little pimple of a city. Since you're the only person with color in the whole eastern half of this backwater state, it doesn't take a lot of detective work to figure out who's responsible."
The woman kept a straight face, giving nothing away. "Interesting. What about my ability to read any language? Doesn't that conflict with your theory?"
"Not at all, Miss Jones. You obviously gave yourself the lesser ability with your much greater ability to grant wishes. There's no mystery here." The toad finished his accusation and sat down in a nearby chair, leaning back and giving her a very smug look with his hands clasped over his belly and some rapid licking of lips.
She turned slightly away from the sight. "Let's say that you're right. Would that mean you expect me to grant all of your wishes?"
"Exactly so," he said, keeping his smug look.
"And what if I refused?"
"You won't," he said.
"I will and I do."
You tell him, Sis!
"Would you refuse even with a threat to go public with your true ability? Could you handle being mobbed by thousands of people, all desperate for their wishes to come true?"
"Why would they even believe it? I haven't seen any hard evidence to prove it. The only evidence I know is that I can read any language."
"Desperation and hope are powerful motivators. Some will eventually believe, and once some do, the numbers will multiply exponentially. It all starts with one person."
"You."
The toad grinned. "Yes, me."
"Are you done then? Is that all you've got? It still sounds pretty flimsy. I'm not buying it."
"Ah. Excellent. I wondered if it would be enough and I'm glad you didn't disappoint me. I do so hate it when a business deal is too easy. I love a challenge."
Holly rolled her eyes.
"Let's move on to my next incentive: money. I'm prepared to donate ten million dollars to this pathetic little library. That might even be enough to make it respectable."
"Still not buying it," she told him.
The toad's eyes narrowed again. He always believed that everyone could be bought for a price. He didn't expect such a large amount of money to be rejected.
"Okay then. You drive a hard bargain. Make it a hundred million dollars, but that's my final offer."
"Forget it, Mr. Vargas. I'm not for sale."
Woo hoo! You're on a roll now, Holly! I'm so proud of you.
"I see. I didn't want to have to resort to this but you leave me no choice."
Here it comes, Sis. Be strong!
The repugnant man swung his briefcase up on the table next to him and opened it, pulling out a file folder. He opened the folder and began talking as he skimmed the contents.
"I see that your parents died in a car accident ten years ago. Two years later, you moved here. I'm guessing it was to get away from the memories. Am I right?"
Holly spoke, slowly emphasizing each word. "You are not a nice man."
"Yes. Of course I'm right. I did some of the research myself and I hired only the best private detectives." He did a little more skimming. "I first noticed an interesting news item that took place back in your home town just after your parents died. Would you like to hear it?"
She scowled.
"Of course you wouldn't. In that case, I'll keep it brief.
"It involved a strange night where half the population of the town claimed to have seen ghosts. That wouldn't have something to do with you wanting to see your parents one last time, would it?"
"I'm warning you, Mr. Vargas."
"You threaten me? Seriously? Please forgive my indulgences. I just wanted you to see that I have a lot of information at my disposal. It's complicated but I can show a definite paper trail that connects you to more than a random share of impossible events. And just on the off chance you still won't cooperate, I have one last thing for you to consider. You might not have any family left that I can threaten but I can always resort to targeting some of the former recipients of your true ability."
Holly only half listened at first, wondering how many times she had to refuse before he'd take the hint. When he got to the part about her family, she felt a chill run down her spine.
"What was that you said about my family?"
This is it, Holly. I'm very sorry. Please try to be strong.
"Your family? You don't have any family. I'm sure of it. Your parents were both only children as are you, and your last surviving grandparent died five years ago, not that I'd ever lower myself to threaten the elderly."
"No." Holly's face displayed shock and disbelief in equal measure.
"No?"
"That can't be right," she said, ever more quietly. "I have a sister."
"A sister? Impossible. You couldn't have a sister. Not even a half-sister or stepsister. I have all the records to prove it. Believe me, I really hoped you had a brother or sister to use as leverage. But you don't."
Holly slumped down in her chair, whispering, "No," over and over. She had no sister and it broke her mind. Sarah, the woman in her dreams, never existed anywhere except in those dreams.
"What on earth is happening?" Mr. Vargas bellowed, loud enough that Margaret heard him and came running.
"What did you do to her?" she shouted immediately after seeing Holly.
"I don't really know. First we talked about money. Then I discussed her background, and now this."
Margaret raised an eyebrow and cleared her throat, sounding almost feral.
"What? I do background checks on all recipients of my charitable donations. What's wrong with that?"
"Nothing, I suppose. Except for the fact that she's catatonic. You scared her, Mr. Vargas. You scared her badly and I'm going to have to insist that you leave. Now. Before I call the police."
"Fine. That's the thanks I get for offering to donate a hundred million dollars."
Margaret gasped at the amount, but her compassion overruled any material concerns… for the moment at least. She continued to insist that the man leave right away and he finally did, muttering the whole way.
"Take good care of her," were his last words as the glass door was shut and locked in his face.

* * *

A thick, gray fog swirled randomly across an infinite white plain. Only two living things endured the severe environment. One wandered aimlessly, searching for the other who remained elusive.
"Holly!" Sarah called. "Come on! A little help here!"
The imaginary gray sister continued to exist in the strange dream environment, and she refused to give up. With every step she took, she became more real than a lot of people in the waking world. Her personality split from the dream owner and evolved on its own, becoming something more. Holly's dreams really were very special.
"Please, Holly. I just want to talk."
"Go away, phony," a small voice said to Sarah's left.
Sarah turned to squint in the direction of the voice but only saw gray fog over white. Still, she moved towards the voice and tried what little reason she could muster. "I'm as real as any of your dreams come true, sweet Sister."
"I don't have a sister, phony bologna."
"Cute rhyme… for a five-year-old."
Sarah suddenly stopped when she stubbed her toe on something. She looked down to see a pure white little girl who actually did seem to be about five years of age.
The little girl laid on her side, curled into a tight little ball with her eyes pinched tight. The thick fog softened her outline enough that she blended in extremely well with the white ground.
"Well, who do we have here?" Sarah said, knowing full well the girl's identity. "Are you lost, little girl? Would you like me to take you home?"
The little girl flinched but didn't change her pose or open her eyes. Sarah could just barely make out a pure white tongue sticking out of the girl's mouth for a brief moment.
"Oh, my. You're so mature for your age. Such a precocious young lady."
The little girl giggled once and quickly slapped a hand over her mouth.
"What's it like being all white? I've never heard of anyone being so white. Even albinos have a little gray."
"Go away," whispered the little girl.
"Never. I'll never ever go away. Not even for a hundred million dollars. Not even a shazillion dollars!"
"There's no such word as shazillion," said the little girl with a smug tone.
"There is now, little Miss Know-it-all. In your dreams, anything can come true." Sarah paused, almost in shock as she whispered. "Anything."
That got the little girl's attention. She slowly stood up and briefly stretched with one arm straight up and the other one bent over top of her head to grab her opposite elbow. "Sarah?" she said, letting her arms flop down to her side. "Are you okay?"
"I am now, Holly. Make a wish."
"What?"
"I said make a wish! Any wish! Wish to give yourself back your color. Wish for a sunny day, or a little black pony to come trotting up to you. Just wish!" Sarah started laughing with joy, like anything was possible. Because it was.
"I don't understand. Whatever are you going on about, Sarah?"
"Yes! That's it. Call me Sarah. Do it again. Come on."
"Well… it is your name."
"Yes! Yes! My name is Sarah. Perfect. Now how about doing a little growing up? You've basically been a sweet and innocent little girl your whole life. So come on. It's time to finally grow up. Or at least start growing up. Do it for your older, wiser sister."
Holly looked down at herself and sighed. "I wish I was my usual, colorful self," she said.
And she was. She stood before her sister as a thirty-six-year-old woman with all her beautiful color.
"This is great! I don't think you're limited to one wish a night any more, Holly. You changed yourself and created this dreamscape, and you just changed yourself again."
The fun was just beginning.

* * *

Holly slowly opened her eyes, not wanting to wake up from such a wonderful dream. It might have been self-indulgent but she needed some private "me" time in her dreams to keep from spiraling down into madness.
Late afternoon light illuminated the small bedroom, allowing her to see a familiar large photo of her with her parents on the far wall. As always, whenever she saw the photo, she briefly wondered how she could look gray in the photo. People with color could only show up as gray in photos, movies and television. Technology simply wasn't built to be sensitive to color since no one understood how color worked.
She moved on from the photo and looked up at the nearest wall on her right side to see the poster with her favorite phrase. That along with the photo confirmed where she was at least. Nothing else made much sense though. She didn't understand why she was in bed during the day. Her last clear memory was going to work that morning. She also wondered why she'd be wearing glasses in bed. She thought she must have been wearing glasses because she could see everything so clearly. Out of reflex, her hand reached up to adjust her glasses and only found her face. But how could she not be wearing glasses and still see so well?
Rolling back to her opposite side, her view changed to something unusual. It startled her a little to see a very concerned looking boss lady, sitting in a padded chair next to her bed.
"Margaret!" Holly shouted. "What are you doing in my bedroom?"
"I drove you home from the library and helped you to bed after whatever that disgusting Mr. Vargas did to turn you into a gibbering wreck. At first I only feared for your sanity and wondered what he said to you. But after watching over you, I have to ask. What's your real special ability? And don't you dare say it's reading any language because I've been sitting here watching some pretty impossible shit!"
She listened to her boss' rant with increasing agitation as she began to remember her private discussion with the phony library patron. The memories upset her, setting off a few tears. She needed someone to talk to but she'd have to give everything away once she started. So naturally she hesitated.
Margaret noticed the tears and softened. She hugged her friend and let her cry a short time before pulling back. "Please tell me what's going on."
Holly sniffed and wiped her eyes, giving a nervous laugh.
"At least tell me about Mr. Vargas. I need to know what he did to you. Should we press charges or what?"
"He is disgusting, isn't he," she stated, slowly shaking her head. "Actually, he's worse. He tried coercing me into using my special ability for his own selfish interests."
"How? What did he say?"
"He threatened innocent lives. He's just awful!"
Holly started crying again as she remembered it all. She wisely left out the part about her imaginary sister but she knew that she'd have to divulge more before Margaret was satisfied. That was fine though. It was about time she had someone to confide in, someone real.
"Are you ready to tell me the rest, like about your real special ability? I don't think a disgusting bastard would show up offering to donate a hundred million dollars to the library and threaten people over the ability to read any language."
Her boss was answered with a long silence. It was difficult to let go after a lifetime of hiding it.
Margaret's mouth twisted into a wry grin. "I understand," she said. "You need a little push. How about looking at your hands then?"
Holly cocked her head but did slowly look down at her hands, gasping when she saw that they were gray, just like vast majority of the population.
"Don't worry," Margaret continued. "You still have some color, and I'm sure you have your special ability, whatever it might be. You should see yourself in the mirror."
Holly sprang up and marched to the bathroom, letting out a cry of anguish when she saw her reflection. There, she saw a mostly gray woman whose gray face still looked somewhat like her normal self. The copper-colored hair and green eyes gave her a new look though, as did the much larger breasts. Running her hands down her sides outlined a much fuller figure yet all of her clothes fit well. She liked how her clothes emphasized her new curves but did miss the color that she normally gave them. They were gray like her skin.
Her boss suddenly appeared behind her. "Interesting new look. I didn't know it was possible to mix color with gray like that. Nice cleavage too. I'm envious."
Holly gave a nervous laugh and turned to face Margaret. It was time to tell her everything.

* * *

After an hour of explanations, Holly felt emotionally exhausted, but happy. It felt good to share her burden with a real person. Before she knew about her sister, she thought she had someone real to talk to, but after Mr. Vargas hit her with the cold, hard truth, her family tree came crashing down.
Finding out about her sister had been an extreme shock to say the least. Thinking back, she realized how Sarah had evolved from an imaginary friend to an imaginary sister and beyond. The perky gray woman gained enough depth and realism that Holly blurred and eventually erased the line between fantasy and reality when it came to her. She needed a partner of some sort in her life so she fabricated one in her dreams. Finding out she wasn't real made her realize that she'd been slowly losing herself inside her dreams. She needed to live more in the real world.
"It looks like Mr. Vargas was good for something then," Margaret told her, smiling to show that she meant it in the best possible way.
Holly nodded agreement. "I was losing my grip on reality. That's for sure. Anytime I had a spare moment, I slipped into a daydream, and Sarah started showing up in them as well. She even added mental commentary while I was dealing with Mr. Vargas. How could I not see it?"
"Hey. It'll be okay, kid."
She snorted but otherwise ignored the last remark. There were more important things to discuss. "What am I going to do about him, Margaret? I don't want to be his genie in a bottle for the rest of my life."
"Why don't you use your ability to stop him?"
"How? I'm not going to do anything bad. I don't think I can. It's not in me to do something like that. I don't think my ability would let me anyway."
"Okay, then. What about giving him what he wants? Maybe he won't want all that much and go away after a week or two."
"I don't think that'll happen, Margaret. He strikes me as someone who can never get enough."
"There are people like that," the older woman agreed. "Still, you don't have to give him exactly what he asks for, do you? Ever read stories about genies who like to twist the words of their masters around to make the wishes do something different?"
"Hey," Holly's eyes lit up. "That's not a bad idea, as long as I don't harm anyone. I never did tell him exactly how my ability works."
"Could you turn him into a frog?"
"Margaret! That would be cruel."
"Never mind. I see what you mean now. I think you're too innocent and nice, but perhaps that's why you got the ability that you did."
Holly just shrugged and the two of them talked about how to twist the intent of some of the more common wishes.

* * *

After a good night sleep and several productive dreams that included help from Sarah, Holly stood at the front desk of the library the next day. She made it on time and had returned to her original, colorful appearance. No one would notice anything amiss except the fact that she wasn't wearing glasses.
If she didn't have so much trouble telling lies, her current situation might be somewhat more bearable. But she really couldn't lie very well, other than to tell the occasional little white lie or half truth. She couldn't bring herself to say that she wore contact lenses or had corrective eye surgery. It just wasn't in her nature. She might have considered causing her eyesight to go back to its original, bad state, but she couldn't do that either. It would be causing harm and she couldn't bring herself to do that.
Getting her body back with good eyesight should've made her at least a little happy, and being pulled back from the brink of insanity by her imaginary sister should've brightened her day. Instead, Holly couldn't help fretting about the meeting that Mr. Vargas scheduled with her that evening. He somehow found out about her miraculous recovery and called her at home on her old-fashioned phone shortly after she got out of bed that morning.
She almost wished she had one of those newfangled hyper phones. She did appreciate how they could bypass normal space and never lose a connection, and blocking unwanted calls would be much easier. But she didn't much like cutting edge technology. She barely tolerated computers. Her regular phone line and answering machine would have to do, and she wouldn't bother to block anyone, not even Mr. Vargas.
Thinking about that detestable man left her tempted to escape into daydreams for the rest of the day. She barely managed to resist and tried to counter her anxiety by going over wishing scenarios. Her only hope was to discourage him by twisting the words of each and every wish he uttered.
She had tried to postpone the meeting by only a day so she could attend her story night at the library but he wouldn't hear it. He continued with vague threats, refusing to waste any more potentially fruitful nights as he called them. She was stuck.
The previous night's dream session helped a little as Sarah was very sympathetic. They hugged and cried together after finishing their wish fulfilling jobs, with neither being very optimistic about getting rid of Mr. Vargas. They knew extreme stubborn determination when they saw it.
Sarah also knew her sister well. She knew Holly couldn't harm anyone, and she knew about her having trouble telling lies. Still, she had a couple ideas of her own to add to the selfish bastard's frustration. It involved the careful wording of the truth along with a little misdirection.
Holly smiled when she thought of her imaginary sister's idea. With Sarah and Margaret as her allies, it would be three against one… sort of. Perhaps they did have a chance.

* * *

Dark clouds stormed over the modest inn as Holly approached in her car, bringing an early evening and a feeling of dread. After parking, she slowly, grudgingly made her way up a flight of concrete stairs to a second floor room. She had a business date with a monster.
Mr. Vargas was born human. That much was true. But his body held the soul of a monster, partly self-made, partly a product of his environment. The cruelty of classmates and unloving parents can and do make a difference in one's personality. Some shrug off their horrible past, moving on to lead happy, productive lives. Some aren't nearly so lucky and break inside, while some, like Mr. Vargas, embrace the darkness, growing it into something bigger; a twisted case of turning life's lemons into lemonade.
Holly's sour look amused the toad of a man who greeted her and anxiously ushered her into his hotel room.
"Come in. Come in, dear woman," he said, licking his lips several times as he led her to the lone chair in the room and gestured for her to sit." This place could use some color, don't you think?"
She answered with a sickly smile. "Just get on with it. What do you wish for tonight?"
"I made a list," he said, holding out several sheets of lined notebook paper out to her.
She snatched them out of his hands and cast a brief glance at the pages, seeing each one nearly full of sloppy handwriting. With a slow shake of her head, she pushed them back into his chest, letting them drop to the floor when the surprised man didn't think to catch them.
"I normally only manage one wish a night," she said, using one of Sarah's ideas to misdirect him since she only recently acquired the ability to fulfill multiple wishes each night. "Keep the list and give me one at a time. What's your first wish?"
Holly hoped to twist his wishes and slow him down with one wish a night. If she was lucky, she could frustrate him enough to give up. That was the current plan. It didn't sound very good to her but it was all she and her allies could come up with so far.
Mr. Vargas didn't seem to like that. "What?" he shouted. But he composed himself and scowled as he bent down to pick up the papers. "Fine," he said.
After skimming over his list three times, he decided on his first wish. "I want to be a multi-billionaire," he stated, followed by a couple short, quick swipes of his tongue over his lips.
The woman didn't even try to hide the rolling of her eyes. She did hide her sarcasm however, when she thought to herself, Your wish is my command, Master. Instead of voicing her thoughts, she told him, "I'll see what I can do," and turned to leave.
"Wait a minute!" the man said. "Is that it? Did you grant my wish? Am I rich?"
With some impatience, she turned back around and truthfully answered, "I can only grant wishes in my dreams. I need to go home and sleep."
She went to leave again and stopped with her hand on the door knob. "Why did you ask if you're rich?" she said, continuing to face the door. She'd had enough of looking at him. "Does that mean you aren't rich now?"
"Oh. That. I'm fairly well off, but I will be rich… filthy rich, just as soon as you grant my wish."
"Then that means you don't have a hundred million dollars to donate to the library."
"Not yet," he said with a little indignation. "Though I might still do so if you ever grant my wish."
"Oh! You're impossible!" she huffed, yanking the door open and quickly leaving Mr. Vargas to his own dreams of being rich. If she hurried, she'd still be able to participate in her story night. She needed something to make her forget all about that unpleasant toad of a man.

* * *

Another night of dreams arrived and Sarah appeared in the dream library with her normal, gray body wearing a random outfit that consisted of black yoga pants and a dark gray tank top with spaghetti straps. "Hello, Sis," she said. "Ready to grant Toad his first wish?"
Holly smiled. "I got this. Just lead me to him and let's get it over with. Then we can go off and sneak in some other wishes."
Sarah nodded, but she looked away, distracted by her own thoughts. The imaginary sister had appeared to be more and more real ever since Holly found out about being an only child; the irony thicker than cold split pea soup.
"I've been thinking, Sis."
"Oh?" Holly said, curious to hear what could only be her own subconscious thoughts since Sarah wasn't real.
"Why can't you just wish Mr. Vargas to leave you alone? That wouldn't cause any harm, would it?"
"It wouldn't if I didn't have to be specific about how to get him to leave me alone. I have to be specific and that means harming him in some way, either directly or indirectly. I can't do it. I can't even send him back home. That would hurt him financially because he'd just fly back again."
"Right," the gray woman said, still looking distracted. "I should know that, shouldn't I."
Holly shrugged and waited quietly to be led to Mr. Vargas but Sarah wasn't finished.
"What if you make yourself gray and change your appearance? You could move somewhere far away and easily live elsewhere with your ability."
"Except that I like my job. I like it here and I want to stay. I'm not going to run away from my problems."
Sarah nodded. "True. That's probably for the best. It could just happen all over again. Someone would find us. We need to learn how to defend ourselves."
Holly's mouth twisted into a wry grin. "The only problem is, we're having to spend a lot of time fending him off."
The gray woman smiled. "Not a problem, remember? Twist the wish just right and it can benefit someone else. It doesn't have to be a waste of time."
The two of them agreed and continued on to Mr. Vargas. It was time to grant an extra special wish.

* * *

Holly woke up the next morning to the ringing of her phone followed by an angry message being left on her answering machine. She made a mental note to get into the habit of disconnecting her phone at night. Then she got up, wrapped herself in a bath robe to keep the chill off and slowly scuffed to the phone in her bare feet. She picked it up just in time to catch Mr. Vargas.
"Hello?" she said.
"What? Miss Jones? Is that you?"
"Yes. I was in bed and just got to the phone. Is something the matter?"
"Well… yes! Something's the matter!"
"Aren't you a billionaire? I thought we set up all the accounts last night."
"Yes. Yes. I'm a multi-billionaire… on paper. But all of my accounts are trust funds. I can't access a dime! And even worse, all of the money in those accounts is being donated to various charities. What the hell did you do?"
Holly smiled inwardly but kept the mirth from her voice. It was time to use another of Sarah's ideas. "I tried to tell you, Mr. Vargas. My wishes often end up benefiting more than one person."
"That's preposterous! It was supposed to benefit me!"
"You don't think your wish was just the slightest bit selfish the way you worded it?"
"No! Well… maybe. I guess. But so what?"
"You should feel good, Mr. Vargas. Your money is benefiting a lot of very needy people."
"Bah! I expect a different result tonight, Miss Jones."
He hung up, leaving an amused Holly to get ready for work.

* * *

Mr. Vargas stubbornly wished for money two more times. He next wished for a billion dollars that he didn't have to share with anyone and ended up with a billion dollars in play money that Holly took off his hands. The children at the orphanage loved that. The time after that, he wished for a hundred million dollars of real money that he didn't have to donate or share with anyone. He ended up with a hundred million Guyanese dollars, worth a grand total of five hundred US dollars. After a fit of rage, he gave it all to Holly who donated it to a charity in Guyana, and he finally got the hint.
Holly stood looking down at him as he slumped in the hotel room chair.
"You haven't honored any of my wishes," he complained, looking down at his clasped hands in his lap. His lower lip protruded in an obvious pout but thankfully, his tongue remained unseen for the moment.
"My ability worked exactly as expected," Holly said, choosing her words carefully. "You'll just have to change your expectations."
He looked up with a little fire coming back into his eyes. "I'm going to have satisfaction, Miss Jones, or someone will suffer."
"Don't you dare threaten me," she said, matching his eyes with fire of her own.
"I'm not threatening you, Miss Jones," he said, smiling and licking his lips a few times in quick succession. "But I promise you someone will suffer if you don't… please me soon. I might not be overly rich, but I'm wealthy enough to see that someone suffers."
Thanks to her allies, Holly had the confidence to defend herself, but she wasn't so sure about anyone else. She didn't see how she could help anyone until something bad had already happened. She couldn't erase memories of pain, and if someone died, she couldn't bring them back. She found that out the hard way with her parents. "Please, Mr. Vargas. Don't hurt anyone. I'm sure we can come to an understanding."
"I'm listening."
"It might help if we tried wishes that dealt with self-improvement."
"Ah. An excellent idea, Miss Jones. Let's try one tonight, starting with my height. I've always wanted to be taller."
Holly forced a smile and nodded. She didn't expect to be able to twist self-improvement wishes but she did hope that he might eventually wish to improve his personality. If he somehow gained at least a little compassion, he might see the error of his ways and leave her alone. 

* * *

After two weeks of incessant physical changes, Holly started getting fed up. It took her forever to fall asleep that night but at least she still had Sarah to comfort her in her dreams. She always had Sarah.
"We'll get through this, Sis," the gray woman said as she gently rubbed Holly's back with her open hand.
"But he's never satisfied! Taller, stronger, less fat, more hair, bigger chin, fuller lips … it never ends. And I swear, if he licks those lips one more time, I'm going to scream!"
Sarah slowly nodded and continued rubbing her sister's back.
"I just wish… I wish…."
"Yes?" Sarah prompted.
"I don't know what to wish."
Sarah sighed and frowned. In spite of Holly's insistence to do no harm, it should be easy to stop one man no matter how unpleasant he was. They seemed to be missing something, some key piece of information that would fix everything. The imaginary woman racked her brain and came up empty.
Just as they were about to give up and find Mr. Vargas to grant his next wish, Holly had a very simple thought that changed everything. Both women stopped to gasp at the utter simplicity of it all after Holly muttered, "I wish I knew what to wish for to make him leave me alone without harming him in any way." Fireworks suddenly went off, illuminating huge letters that hovered overhead to form another phrase, the one she'd been grasping at for the past several weeks.

Wish that the man's next self-improvement wish 
changes him in a way that frees you from him.

"Genius!" Sarah shouted. "Pure genius! Whatever happens, it'll be because he brings it upon himself."
Holly smiled. "It's karma, pure and simple." She said the key phrase, rewording it as her own wish, and paused to enjoy the moment.
Sarah wondered aloud, "Wait. Is that wish specific enough?"
Holly shrugged and smiled, saying, "Let's go find out."
The two of them moved on to find Mr. Vargas with Sarah leading the way as usual.

* * *

Arland Vargas wallowed in his bland dreamscape, barely conscious and going with the flow of his dreams like the majority of the Earth's population. He wasn't spiritually mature enough to have lucid dreams on his own, and he wasn't creative enough to control them if he could have them. The only time he fully awakened in his dreams was when Holly and Sarah visited him.
"Huh? Wha?" he said, as the two women approached.
Holly dressed as she normally did, wearing whatever she did during the majority of the day and looking very much like a stereotypical, conservative librarian except for the lack of glasses. Her ankle-length, dark blue wool skirt and long-sleeved white blouse gave her an old-fashioned look that went fairly well with her sister's outfit.
Sarah always dressed however she wanted and that night, she decided to get a little silly to set a fun mood. The gray woman wore a World War II nurse's uniform with a white, short-sleeved dress, the skirt a little high at just below the knee. On her head sat what looked like a heavily starched, white cloth napkin, curving in a shallow arc through her hair with the corners jutting out to the side.
"Wake up, Mr. Vargas," Sarah said in a loud whisper. "It's time for your enema." She giggled and Holly had to shush her while trying not to giggle herself.
As usual, Sarah quickly faded into the background, completely ignored by the person making a wish. In the current dream, she became semi-translucent and stood behind Mr. Vargas, waiting for her sister to finish with him so they could get on with helping a few decent human beings before the night ended.
The man slowly woke up and quickly blinked several times to see what his subconscious created for him in his dream. He wasn't impressed.
The three of them stood on a solid, flat slab of dark gray stone, with the edge of a circular area obscured by the same color fog at about a hundred yards away. Box-like cars with huge black wheels would occasionally appear, skirting the wall of fog before quickly disappearing back into it.
As soon as the man fully awakened, a loud chorus of small frogs created a din that threatened to drown out any discussion. Holly raised an eyebrow at him and he made a sudden gesture, sliding the inside edge of his open hand across his throat, figuratively killing the sound of the frogs and bringing an eerie silence that Holly quickly ended.
"Have you decided what to wish for tonight?" she asked.
He nodded and said, "I want to be younger."
Holly cocked her head. "Really?" she said.
He nodded again. "Yes, of course. I'm well past my prime. I wanna be young again. Don't tell me you can't do it."
"Oh! No. I'm sure I can do it. I'm just surprised that more people don't wish for the same thing. That's all." The wish did surprise her, suddenly making her wonder if she might live forever. She could wish for immortality for herself. Or not, if it violated her strict dream code to do no harm. It might not be all that pleasant to live forever. She'd have to think about it.
The two women turned to leave and once again, Mr. Vargas got anxious. "Did you do it? Am I younger? Do I look younger to you?"
"Give it time, Mr. Vargas. I'm not sure about much of anything these days but I'm almost certain that you'll slowly get younger over the next several days. That's the feeling I'm getting anyway."
"Right. Great. See you tomorrow then, Miss Jones."
As soon as the women walked into the fog bank, the man's eyes clouded over and he went back to his usual semi-conscious dream state.

* * *

Soon after they left the unpleasant man, the two women stopped to compare notes, with Sarah starting with a question.
"How is getting younger going to stop him?"
"I don't know," Holly said. "But like I said, the wish will be active over the next several days. We'll have to just wait and see."
Sarah suddenly got a faraway look and muttered something that Holly could barely hear. "Mother concerned about lazy son. Woman having trouble getting pregnant. Ambitious boy who wants to be a rocket scientist can't figure out his math homework."
Holly paused to think. "Let's go with the concerned mother next. I'm not overly fond of math and I'm not in the mood to get a woman pregnant."
"Right, Sis."
With no one to merge with, the gray sister led the way to the concerned mother who lived somewhere in Western Montana. They had trouble until they realized they just needed to help the lazy boy find his passion in life. With the right motivation, one could move mountains.
The two sisters helped the budding rocket scientist after that and called it a night. Dealing with Mr. Vargas for so long started taking its toll. Attending to a selfish, greedy bastard slowly sucked the joy out of everything. Holly really needed to put a stop to his endless demands.

* * *

The next morning, Holly received an excited phone call. Her least favorite person told her how great he felt and ranted about how he looked ten years younger. It wasn't just beauty sleep. His dream to be younger came true.
For the briefest moment, she wondered if his age regression might have triggered a promising change in personality. She hoped so, but then that hope died a slow, painful death starting with his next words over the phone.
"I want color next," he told her.
She cringed. Imagining him with color led to visions of what special ability he might gain along with the color, and she also couldn't help imagining some of the worst possible outcomes for each ability.
"Are you sure? Having color attracts a lot of unwanted attention. I should know."
"Oh. Yes, I see your point. Perhaps I should think about that one."
She felt like she dodged a bullet, until he made another wish.
"Forget color… for now. I want to be famous."
She always ignored dreamers who wished for fame. It seemed so shallow as well as too vague. She couldn't ignore Mr. Vargas though. "Famous? In what way? Do you want to be an actor? A rock star? You'll have to be more specific."
"I just want to be famous," he said, on the verge of whining. He'd never really thought about details. The famous people he knew about didn't seem to plan it. They just got a lucky break and cashed in. If he couldn't be rich over night, he wanted to be famous and get rich as a side effect.
"Oh, for goodness sake! Think about it! That's the stupidest wish ever!"
"What's wrong with it? What's wrong with you?"
"Arg! I'm sorry," she said, quickly counting to ten under her breath. "I guess I'm a little burned out." She wisely didn't add anything about why she was burned out. "Please wish for something more specific. I told you that my ability can't deal very well with vague wishes."
"Okay. Okay," he said, still obviously excited in spite of failing to get two wishes. "How about boosting my pheromones to make me irresistible to women?"
Holly did a face palm and groaned.
"No?" Mr. Vargas said.
The two of them went on and on for nearly an hour before he settled for a specific wish that didn't adversely effect anyone else. She gave him a faster metabolism to help keep him from gaining weight. Then she went to get a strong pain reliever for the headache that she developed while talking to him.

* * *

Another morning, another excited phone call. Mr. Vargas had to give her an update, saying how he looked yet another ten years younger. His happiness made Holly nauseous.
It was the third morning after his wish to be younger that he no longer sounded excited. He sounded more concerned than anything else.
"I look more like an older teenager than a young adult, Miss Jones," he said. "I didn't want to be this young."
The amount of age regression took Holly by surprise. She reminded the man that his wish would span several days but she had no control over how fast it worked and how long it lasted.
"I don't care about any of that," he said. "I want to be a young adult, not a kid."
"I'll have to wait until we're sure you've stopped getting younger. I can't interrupt a wish. It has to finish."
"That's unacceptable!" he shouted. "What if I keep getting younger?" He didn't normally shout, especially over the phone, but his raging teenage hormones started getting the best of him.
"I really can't say, Mr. Vargas. We'll have to wait and see. In the meantime, is there another wish I can help you with?"
After another fifteen minutes of shouting, Holly got him to calm down enough to make another wish to get rid of the acne that he'd developed since returning to his teenage years. Then he ineffectually slammed the phone down to hang up.
Holly lost herself in thought as she went through the motions of getting ready for work. She wondered how young he might end up before his wish finished with him. If he regressed to the age of a very small child, she'd be able to get him put into foster care and not have to ever worry about him again. Her wish was coming true. Then she thought about the next day. If he didn't regress fast enough, he might be even more irrational, and dangerous. That thought sent a shiver down her spine. She thought of Mr. Vargas as a young teenager or preadolescent. Too many of the boys that she knew when she was that age were far too volatile for her taste. All she could do was wait to see what tomorrow would bring.

* * *

Just as she feared, she woke up to an angry phone call from a boy with a voice that kept switching between alto and tenor with an occasional high squeak. Mr. Vargas complained that he looked to be twelve or thirteen years old and he was beyond upset.
"I'll do it, Miss Jones," he threatened. "I'll mess up your latest local project but good. I know where the girl lives and I'll go over there and shoot her between the eyes myself if I have to. End this curse now or else!"
A little inspiration and Holly was soon driving over to see Mr. Vargas. After she pointed out that he was currently too young to drive, she offered to drive him around and he accepted. She called Margaret to say she wouldn't be making it to work that day and drove over to the hotel, figuring that she'd be in a much better position to control Mr. Vargas in person.

* * *

Before she got halfway up the stairs at the hotel, a young boy wearing clothes many sizes too big came running out of Mr. Vargas' room. Without his business jacket, his short-sleeved dress shirt looked almost like a dress on him. He didn't think to tuck it in for whatever reason, though it might have helped make his pants snug enough to keep from falling down. As it was, he had to poke a new hole in his money belt to secure it tightly enough around his waist, and he still had to roll up his pant legs to keep from tripping. They looked ridiculous hovering just above his ankles.
"Do something, Miss Jones! I'm getting younger by the hour!" His higher pitched voice no longer squeaked. He'd grown too young for that.
Holly had to try very hard not to smirk. She couldn't stop a few choice words from tumbling out of her mouth however. "How about going out for a nice chocolate sundae? Would you like that?" she teased.
Mr. Vargas sputtered and fumed incoherently for a minute before he calmed down. Then his look turned dark and devious. "I have a certain unpleasant someone on speed dial here. One push of a button and the girl gets it. Don't provoke me, Miss Jones."
She had to choke back an angry retort, for the girl's sake. She collected herself to make sure everything played out safely. "I'm sorry, Arland. I shouldn't have said that."
"Arland?"
"That is your first name, is it not?"
"Well, yes, but…."
"But nothing, young man. You need some clothes that fit better if we're going out for groceries and whatnot."
His eyes narrowed. "Fine, Miss Jones. Have it your way… for now."
"I'm not quite finished. I expect you to address me as your Mom while we're in public. No more calling me, Miss Jones. That could lead to some awkward questions that I don't think either of us want."
The boy scowled. "Why don't I just give you a list and some money then? You can go out and buy it all for me."
"I've been doing enough for you already. I'm not going to be your errand girl. If you want to eat, you're coming with me. And if you're coming with me, you're going to wear clothes that fit. I'm not going to chance Social Services breathing down my neck for not dressing you properly."
"Okay. Fine," he said, bowing his head.
Holly strongly asserted herself and tried a little subtle intimidation, taking advantage of her current height advantage over the now, much shorter boy. She had to be very careful not to set him off but she continued to gently pressure him into being the boy that he appeared to be.

* * *

On the way to the city center, Holly kept up some idle chatter to help keep Mr. Vargas from sinking into a deep, dark depression. She had to keep him off balance at the very least, for the little girl's sake. The boy tried to keep a grim look on his face and a firm grip on his phone, his finger often poised over a single button to emphasize his position of power.
"Do you have any cash, Arland?"
"What? Of course I do!"
"Okay. Okay. I was just asking to make sure. You won't be able to use your credit cards."
"Yeah. Right. Too young for credit cards," he said, quickly going from angry to moping.
"Maybe we should drop by a cash machine and withdraw some more. What do you think?"
"I have several thousand dollars in my money belt," he said with a sneer. "We shouldn't need to withdraw any more."
The boy's changing moods wore on Holly's nerves, but she continued to keep him occupied. As he got younger and younger, he'd eventually get careless enough for her to snatch his phone away from him. She was tempted to try to overpower him but if he only needed to hit a single button to hurt the little girl, she still had to be very careful.
"We'll stop off for some cheap jeans, shoes and a shirt first. I'll go in, buy them and bring them out to you. You can change in the car. Then we can go wherever you want after that."
"Cheap? I don't appreciate cheap clothes, Miss Jones."
"Arland! That's Mom to you. Or Mother if you prefer to be more formal."
"Yes… Mother," he said through gritted teeth.
"We're just getting a single, cheap outfit to start with since you aren't going in to try them on. We can get something better if you like after you're dressed appropriately to go in the stores."
"Oh," he said. "I guess that makes sense."
"Would you like to get something nice then? We don't have a lot of clothing choices here in Moses Lake but I'm sure we can find something you like."
"Sure," he said, his mood brightening a little. "I'd like that. Thanks."
Holly smiled but kept her thoughts to herself. For the first time since she met him, she saw a glimmer of something nice in his face and wanted to keep it there.

* * *

After returning with a dark gray sweatshirt, black jeans and a pair of canvas deck shoes from a consignment shop, Holly stood guard in front of her car while Arland got dressed inside. After a few minutes, he emerged from the back seat and she gave him a critical eye.
"They don't look so bad on you. How do the shoes fit?"
"They're a little tight," he said, not adding that they'd likely soon loosen up as he got a little younger and smaller over the next few hours.
"Okay. We'll take it slow then."
They both got back in the car with Arland in the front passenger seat. "Where to next?" Holly asked.
"I have no idea. I've never been to this quaint little village."
Holly rolled her eyes but didn't comment. "I know one place that might have nice enough new clothes for you. We'll go there next… if it's okay with you."
"Lay on, Macduff," he said, oddly glib and wondering if his younger body was responsible, "and damned be him who first cries 'Hold! enough!'"
"Macbeth! I'm impressed."
Arland blushed and looked down at his hands in his lap as they drove.
"Hey," Holly said. "You know what? I'm kind of in the mood for a chocolate sundae now. Are you sure you don't want to go? I'm still not sure if chocolate has anything to do with causing acne but you shouldn't have to worry about it since I cleared it up for you."
He paused a couple of seconds, looking down. "I don't think so," he finally said in a quiet voice.
Holly guessed at his further hesitation. "You shouldn't have to worry about getting fat with your faster metabolism either."
"Are you sure about that?"
"I've never known any of my wishes to be reversed. I'm sure your acne and weight will stay under control."
"What about my height? I'm not exactly as tall as I once was."
"You should still have the genetics to be tall again. And I see you're still as sharp as ever."
He smiled at the complement, but his sudden good mood seemed to change just as quickly. "What exactly did you mean about your wishes not being reversible? I'm not sure I like the sound of that."
"That's not exactly what I said. I basically said that my wishes don't reverse themselves. I might be able to reverse someone's wish but I've never tried. No one's ever asked." She twisted the truth a little once again. It got easier as time went by. She'd reversed wishes for herself but never for anyone else.
"Well, I'm asking," he said.
"No, you're not. You're telling. Or I should say, demanding. I'm not sure I want to try to reverse it."
"What?" he screeched. "You bitch!"
"Hey! That's uncalled for, Arland."
"Don't call me Arland any more, Miss Jones. It's Mr. Vargas to you. You're going to wish me back to being an adult tonight or else. My patience is at an end. I think I might let that little girl have an unpleasant accident tonight and move on to someone else to teach you a lesson. You obviously aren't taking me seriously." 
Holly's hands started to tremble. She didn't trust herself to drive so she pulled over to the side of the road and immediately started crying.
"Collect yourself and take me back to the hotel, Miss Jones. I've had enough. I'll walk over to the gas station next to the hotel and pick up a few snacks after we get back. That'll have to do."
Holly sniffed a few times and dabbed her eyes with a tissue, relieved that she skipped putting on makeup that day, otherwise she'd be looking like a raccoon. The angry boy gave her another few minutes before he started tapping on the car's clock, showing that he wasn't giving her any more time. She started the car and drove off.

* * *

Back at the hotel room, the boy rapidly paced the short distance between the television and the night stand, his shoes no longer pinching his toes to slow him down. He muttered questions, but spoke mostly to himself. "At the rate I'm getting younger, will she be able to make me an adult in time? What if I regress back to a baby? Will I lose my memories?"
Holly looked on as she sat in the chair, worriedly chewing her lower lip, afraid to say anything. She continued to watch him keep a firm grip on his phone. Her eyes locked on to that phone and wished the battery to die but her ability didn't work that way. She needed to dream to make a wish come true.
The boy finally stopped pacing and stood facing her. "I can't wait," he declared. "Take a sleeping pill or something and wish me back to being an adult. Now!"
"I don't think that's a good idea, Arland."
"Stop calling me Arland!"
"Sorry," she said, looking down at his feet.
"I can't stand it any more. Please," he said, the fear evident on his face and in the tone of his voice. "Reverse the wish."
"I've tried sleeping pills before and they knock me out so well I don't dream."
"Then take a nap!"
"I'm not sleepy!"
"I warned you not to provoke me, Miss Jones." His finger brushed the buttons of his phone but there was no beep to indicate a button being pressed.
"Please, don't hurt anyone, Mr. Vargas. And please, try to calm down. There's no way I can hope to fall asleep if you keep this up."
"Should I call you a bitch again to make you cry?" he said with an ugly sneer. "Maybe you could cry yourself to sleep, bitch. Isn't that fairly easy for women to do?"
She couldn't help it. She did start crying. Mr. Vargas, the boy, spewed just as much unpleasantness as Mr. Vargas, the man, and it seemed so much worse coming from a boy.
"I'm desperate, Miss Jones. Desperate men are dangerous. You have yourself a good cry while I go for a walk. I'll pick up a few snacks on the way back."
She had her face buried in the crook of an elbow and didn't acknowledge him as she continued to sob.
"Can I get you anything? A diet soda perhaps?"
She waved him off and continued crying.
"Fine. I'll be back in an hour or so and I expect you to be asleep and dreaming."
Just as he was about to leave, Holly raised her tear-streaked face and reminded him of one very important thing. "You have to be asleep and dreaming too. I can't make your dreams come true unless you're dreaming."
"What?" He followed up the one word with a long string of vulgar words that made the woman very uncomfortable, but she let him vent. He obviously needed the outlet.

* * *

After another couple hours, they still weren't tired enough to fall asleep. The boy kept pacing and the woman continued to watch from the comfortable hotel room chair.
The stress of the situation made it difficult for Holly to think, but she kept trying anyway, and she kept a careful eye on the phone in the boy's hand. The phone reminded her of when she last used her phone to make a reservation at a restaurant, and that thought led to an idea. "Maybe a large meal will help us sleep," she said suddenly, startling the boy. "I often get sleepy after a big lunch. We could try going out to a restaurant. It's getting close to lunch time anyway. Are you getting hungry?"
"Yes, actually. I am quite hungry. That's a good idea, Miss Jones. Let's go."
The two of them made their way back to Holly's car and drove off to one of the nicer restaurants in the small city. It wasn't all that far away. They both kept to their own thoughts, one daydreaming of being a rich, young adult, the other daydreaming of pirates.

* * *

The meal passed without incident other than a rude belch from Arland. Holly frowned but didn't say anything. She kept reminding herself that at least he hadn't been licking his lips. She actually relieved him of that disturbing habit last night. It was part of a necessary makeover to make his second childhood much better than his first. His wish to be younger would never be reversed if she had her way. She was as desperate to keep him a little boy as he was to turn back into an adult.
They left the restaurant and Holly kept sneaking glances at the boy. She noticed that in spite of his shoes being tightly tied, the heels slipped a little with each step through the parking lot. He seemed at least a couple years younger than he'd been when they first got together that morning. She guessed him to be about ten years old and thought that all of his new clothes looked just a little large on him. That worried her. If his shoes slipped off, he could very well have another tantrum.
"I think that helped," she said, not wanting to give him time to think. "I'm feeling sleepy after that large plate of delicious lasagna."
"Excellent," he said. "My steak was quite good too. I'm looking forward to a nap and some growing pains."
They continued to talk all the way back to the hotel and made it up to the room without any more threats. Holly gasped when the boy nearly did lose a shoe on the stairs, but he quietly reached down and pushed it back over his heel before continuing up the stairs.
Once inside the room, the boy immediately laid down on the single bed, leaving the chair for Holly. She frowned but took the chair and watched as he edged ever closer to sleep. His breathing relaxed and deepened, and after another fifteen minutes or so, he snored lightly. It helped that he hadn't gotten enough sleep the night before. His age regression worried him enough that he couldn't sleep until well into the early morning hours.
"That was easy," she said quietly.
She got up and looked down at his face. With all of the cosmetic changes she'd made to him over the past couple weeks, he made a rather nice looking young boy. He no longer reminded her of a toad anyway, especially since he stopped licking his lips all the time. If he aged naturally and went through school all over again, he might actually fit in and develop a decent personality. That thought made her smile.
She eventually thought to look for his phone. He still held it in his left hand, but it was no longer tightly held. She carefully plucked it from his fingers and examined it, looking to cancel the speed dialing and delete the phone contact.
"That's odd," she said to herself.
The phone wasn't set up to speed dial any numbers. The boy had been bluffing the whole time.
"That little… brat," she said, shaking her head. "But that's actually good. Maybe he's not as bad as I thought. All bark and no bite."
She slipped the phone back into his hand, and after writing a short note saying where she was going, left the hotel to run some quick errands.

* * *

When she got back, Arland was awake, sitting on the edge of the bed, but he didn't look angry. And Holly wouldn't give him the chance to have another tantrum. She started talking immediately after entering the room.
"Yes, you're still a boy," she said as she walked over to the bed and dropped a bag on it. "I couldn't sleep so I went out shopping instead. I got you some better fitting clothes. I had to because I want to go out for dinner."
"I'm not hungry," he said, sulking.
"Not yet, perhaps, but soon." She moved back over near the front door. "We're going out for pizza. I'm in the mood for pizza and I'm dragging you with me so get over it."
"I'm not sure I like your attitude, Miss Jones," he said, narrowing his eyes.
"Please. Call me Holly. Enough of this Miss Jones crap. My name is Holly."
"Fine. If it'll shut you up, I'll call you Holly."
"Thank you. Now try on your new clothes. I want to make sure they fit before we leave for dinner. I'll wait just outside. Call me when you're ready." She stepped just outside the door and hummed a pleasant little tune while she waited.
Arland took his time, muttering and grumbling as he dressed. "She's crazy. This whole thing is crazy. I wish I never came here." He stopped briefly with a little nervous laughter, then quietly resumed dressing. It only took him a few minutes before he called out for the woman to come back inside.
"You look good," she said, after looking him up and down.
The jeans fit fairly well, being only a little loose. His long-sleeved tee shirt hugged his chest but still looked good. Best of all, his shoes didn't slip off his heels when he walked.
"Thanks," he said quietly.
"You're welcome. Now let's sit and talk for a bit until dinner time. Shall we?"
The boy agreed and the two of them sat and chatted, with Holly doing most of the talking. She wanted to set the boy at ease about his age regression. After finding out that he was bluffing, she felt able to concentrate much better and figured out some things while she was out shopping.
"So you see, you shouldn't get much younger. You won't turn into a baby and lose all of your memories. That would be harmful and none of my wishes cause harm."
"What about scaring me with the possibility up till now?" he countered.
"You were scared? Oh, Arland. I'm so sorry."
His lower lip quivered but he refused to cry. He also didn't think to complain about her calling him by his first name.
Holly noticed. "Just remember that it was your wish to be younger. And you never specified how much younger."
The boy slapped his forehead and groaned.
"Don't beat yourself up, Arland. We'll figure something out."
"How much younger am I gonna get? This is getting ridiculous!"
"I hate to guess, but at the rate you've been going, I estimate you'll be around five years old tomorrow morning. I don't think you'll get any younger than that so try not to get too upset about it."
"Not get upset? How would you like to be a little kid?"
"I think I have been… for far too long," she said, more to herself, "living in Neverland."
Arland looked confused for a brief moment, but his dark look returned along with his dark mood. "There's still tonight. You can still wish me back to being an adult tonight."
Holly gave him a wry grin. "I can but I won't."
"What?"
"I'm not going to reverse the wish, Arland."
"You will!"
"Won't."
"Will!"
"Won't."
"Will! Will! Will!" He finally caught himself and took a deep breath before continuing. "There's still the matter of the little girl. Remember speed dial?" He held up his phone to emphasize the point.
Holly narrowed her eyes. "I checked your phone while you were asleep, Arland. You were bluffing. You've been a very naughty boy."
"What?" The boys eyes shifted back and forth and his face broke out with an obvious look of desperation.
"You're staying a little boy, Arland. And I'm sorry but I'm not going to be your mother. I don't have much of a maternal instinct." Not yet anyway.
"But you can't! I can't! Where will I go? What will I do?"
"I have an idea that should work out very well for both of us. You'll find out tomorrow morning."
"Why can't you tell me now? How am I supposed to sleep?"
She smiled. "You slept very well after lunch."
"But I don't want to be a little boy!" he shouted before looking surprised. He seemed to startle himself with his outburst.
"Think of it as a chance to start over. Think of how much better you'll be able to do in school knowing what you do now." She smiled, liking how things were going.
"I hated school. Everyone was so mean to me." Tears blurred his vision and he quickly wiped them away.
Holly nearly cried herself when she saw how tormented the boy looked. "You're a very nice looking boy now, Arland. I know appearances matter. They shouldn't but they do, and I think you'll be okay."
He did cry then. All the unpleasant memories of school flashed before his eyes, all of the insults and no small amount of physical abuse. Those memories still haunted him and he cried.
The woman quickly got up and rubbed his back, making soothing sounds to comfort him. She didn't have a well-developed maternal instinct but she had a lot of compassion for anyone who'd suffered.
After a good cry, he wiped his nose on a sleeve and then looked horrified after he realized what he'd done. He was acting like… a little boy.
Holly could tell what was going through his mind and she couldn't help smiling. Luckily, he didn't notice.
After a short pause, he broke the silence. "I guess it wouldn't be so bad," he said quietly, "as long as I don't get any younger than five. But I hope I stop before I get that young."
"We'll see what the morning brings, Arland. I'm sure everything will be okay. You'll see."

* * *

With the night came a very interesting dream. Holly waited behind her desk at the library as usual, wearing one of her conservative outfits, and next to her, in a high padded chair sat Arland, looking exactly like the five-year-old he'd be when he woke up in the morning.
The boy wore new clothes that fit him fairly well. They were actually extra clothes that Holly thought to buy while Arland was napping the day before. His light gray tee shirt bore a silly looking cartoon squid with short, stubby tentacles and the pant legs of his black jeans spilled over a pair of canvas high tops. She thought ahead and realized that he'd need new clothes with his younger, smaller body, and even though the clothes looked a little large on him, they were good enough. He'd grow into them before too long, naturally.
The two of them sat and patiently waited. Arland fidgeted a little but he behaved himself.
After an indeterminable length of time, not unusual in a dream, Sarah showed up looking perplexed. She thought she'd have to lead Holly to Arland like usual.
The boy looked up at her, his eyes shining, and she somehow knew it was Arland.
"What's going on, Sis. What are you up to?"
"Nothing, dear sister of mine. We're just setting up final arrangements for Arland's adoption."
"You're going to be his mother then?" the gray woman asked.
"No," Holly said, giving her imaginary sister an enigmatic smile.
"Well then, who?"
Sarah's eyes got wide as she quickly answered her own question in her mind.
Holly knew the look and nodded to confirm it.
"No way, Sis! I can't be his mother! You can't make him imaginary like me! That would be an awful thing to do. Wouldn't it?"
"Oh, my poor sister. You're so confused. Of course I'm not going to turn Arland into an imaginary boy. But he needs a real mother. I'm not exactly motherly material so I'm volunteering you."
"But I'm not…." She stopped herself and gasped. "No way!"
"Way!" Holly and Arland said together, both of them with big grins on their faces.
Holly informed the boy what she had planned when they first got together in the dream and he approved. She told him all about her sister and he nervously confessed that Sarah sounded like she'd make a better mother. For one thing, he could relate better to her since she was gray like him. It didn't hurt her feelings, much. If she couldn't be a good mother to him, she might get a little motherly practice in by being a close aunt. It was a start.
She made her wish and that was that. Sarah became a real, flesh and blood woman as well as the official and even biological mother to Arland Jones. All records for Arland Vargas were erased from reality. His deceased parents and distant relatives would never miss him. No one would really miss him since no one ever really cared about him.
Sarah lived in Moses Lake with her five year old son, and they visited with Holly quite often. They loved Holly's color and they even appreciated her special ability at certain times, like when Holly read them stories about exotic, faraway places.
Holly had finally, truly grown up. She lost her child-like innocence, and with it, her original special ability of making dreams come true. She feared the potentially corrupting influence of such an ability so she simply wished it away. It was too powerful and too demanding of her. Making dreams come true just wasn't worth being an adult child, and it wasn't worth the chance of attracting another person like the original Mr. Vargas.
She'd miss helping people, and she'd miss having silly makeover sessions with her sister, but at least she'd given the both of them a couple of completely self-indulgent wishes as a last hurrah.
The two sisters looked a dozen years younger than their true ages. They'd also age much more slowly than usual. They liked to say that it had to be good genetics. They told an outright lie, something that got easier and easier for Holly as the years passed to mature her into a fairly normal adult woman, with both the morals and foibles that come with being human.

Back to Table of Contents
Awakening

The four commune members gathered for the ritual, meeting the leader and his second-in-command in the central building.
The small commune sat on the outskirts of a small city in the middle of nowhere. It consisted of four shacks arranged in a square with a larger fifth one in the center. The members of the commune cobbled together each shack from odd bits of wood and scrap metal, whatever could be scavenged from dumpsters and the city's two junkyards, and they dug up sod to plug any drafty holes that remained, making the cool, snowless winters tolerable. Their digging left a small sea of dirt around the shacks, and all of the underbrush and lower branches from the scattering of trees in the area were long gone, having fueled campfires that were since replaced with oil burning in small metal stoves.
The commune had some measure of privacy, being as remote as it was. The government knew about it of course. With their spying eyes in the sky, they always knew. But information had many ways of slowly leaking out to the public.
I never get chosen. A tall, slender gray man scowled as he stood by three others and watched the strange ritual unfold before him in the large central shack. It's not fair.
Linus had been a member for several months and began to get impatient. Three young women had joined after him and one of them had already received the commune leader's special gift. A second woman was about to get hers. He didn't know what they all paid for the privilege, but he liked to guess that the payment included more than just money. It also helped that they were many years younger than he was. The younger and smaller the person, the easier it was on the leader to bestow his gift.
Jordan, the commune leader, had color of course, and he sat in a lotus position on the gray dirt floor, wearing a bright orange robe tinged with light brown dust. Like all of those with color, he gave color to whatever he wore and touched, and normally, living things as well as inanimate objects would hold color for roughly twice as long as they were touched by one with color.
Laid out before him on a thin beach towel was a young gray woman wearing the official commune outfit of summer and spring, consisting of a white tee shirt and shorts. She was lying on her back with her shirt pulled up halfway and the leader placed both of his palms on her abdomen to slowly give her color, starting around his hands and slowly spreading to all parts of her body. Her eyes rolled back in their sockets and she moaned quietly as he worked his magic.
While the older man touched her, he also used his special ability, causing him to slowly slump forward. The process took a lot of energy. The ritual, as his followers called it, would be over in a little under fifteen minutes, and he'd spend the next couple weeks recovering before he could start eating solid food again and slowly regain enough of his strength to perform the ritual for the next lucky gray person.
Jordan finished, barely conscious with his head resting on the woman's midriff. His second-in-command, a large, solid man named Hugh, moved forward from the shadows to lift and carry the short, scrawny leader to the shack that they shared since the founding of the commune. Hugh left the others to help the newly colorized woman recover.

* * *

A small lit candle sat on a low, square wooden table in one corner of the tiny one-room shack. At the opposite corner, Hugh sat on the ground and spoon-fed Jordan watery oatmeal in the dim light. The slight drafts lost their bite in the warmer weather but they still annoyed him by making the candle flicker. Dancing shadows on the walls of the shack reminded him of Plato's Allegory of the Cave and happier times long ago when he studied philosophy in college and still had a life.
"Did it work?" Jordan asked between spoonfuls with a weak, raspy voice.
Hugh stopped the feeding and nodded before he thought to add, "She still has color. Don't know her special ability yet."
"Good. Good. Another Awakening," the scrawny older man said, his eyelids drooping.
"Sleep, Jordan. Sleep, my friend."
The large, gray man gently eased his close friend onto his back on an old, ratty mattress pad. Satisfied by some light snoring, he finished off the rest of the oatmeal and got up, his knees popping with age. He set the empty bowl aside on a plastic milk crate and ambled out of the shack.
As he walked, he thought about the Awakening as Jordan liked to call it. When Jordan permanently colorized someone, he didn't think of it as any form of enlightenment for the person. He simply wanted to add more color to the world. It was Jordan's dream. He dreamed that if color became common enough, the planet might reach a tipping point where those with color no longer brought out fanatical extremes in the gray majority. The idolizing and demonizing of the colorful minority concerned him more than anything else, and he hoped to awaken the world to reach a more mature and sensible outlook. Hugh appreciated the sentiment, even if he didn't agree with it. He thought Jordan was too idealistic, but he stayed and supported his friend any way he could. That's what best friends did.
Hugh's stubbornness to remain gray was the only thing that created any friction between the two men. He'd been offered his own chance to be colorized many times but he always declined, for several reasons, not the least being how taxing it would be for his friend. The two of them met long ago when it wouldn't be nearly as rough to colorize him, and yet he still declined. It just never seemed like the right time. Something deep inside kept telling him to wait.
Between his musings and holding his gaze firmly on the ground as he walked, he made it to the large, central shack without slipping into a deep depression. That was a major accomplishment. Seeing too much of the deplorable living conditions always depressed him. With a polite warning knock, he entered to find the newest awakened member sitting up on the floor and smiling as she inspected her hands.
"Anyone got a mirror?" she asked. Her name was Angie and she had long, light brown hair, hazel eyes and fair skin.
Hugh cringed as he stood by the door.
"Here?" Linus replied, sitting in the dirt and leaning back against the far wall. "Are you kidding?"
Angie shrugged. "Whatever. Just thought I'd ask." She went back to looking at herself as best she could. When she pulled some of her hair around to look at she frowned. "Shit. I was hoping for a lighter color."
Hugh sighed. It looked hopeless. The young, colorized woman turned out like so many others, more concerned about her appearance than anything else.
Another woman named Joan quickly stepped forward. She was young and slender with non-stop freckles, short, curly hair and endless energy. "You look good, Angie. Do you feel anything special yet?"
The colorful woman smiled at the compliment but quickly scowled when she heard the question. "How should I know? I haven't even had color for a day yet."
Joan frowned but didn't let up. "Remember Jordan's meditation exercises? Let's try one now!"
Angie rolled her eyes and sighed, but she relented and held her hands out for Joan, who sat down cross-legged across from her.
The two women held hands and closed their eyes. Joan managed to clear her mind to properly focus. Angie kept thinking about all of the young men she'd soon be seducing with her color.
"I've got nothing," the colorful woman said after only a few minutes. She broke contact with Joan and got up, moving towards the door.
Hugh stood just off to the side of the door, silently willing her to leave as soon as possible and get it over with. Another wasted effort.
Angie didn't exactly use them. She did pay a lot of money to get color. But she wouldn't stick around long enough to figure out her special ability and try to help the commune. She didn't really care about any ability. She just wanted color so she could stand out from the crowd of gray young women.
The young woman hid her selfish intentions well when she went through the elaborate screening process that Hugh used to protect the commune from those who hated color. He kicked himself when he thought about it though. He should've at least suspected she wasn't sincere given her wealthy family, but that was a stereotype and he hated stereotyping.
Regardless of his distaste for any form of discrimination, he vowed to consider it in the future. Jordan couldn't handle everyone who wanted color. It would likely kill him to try.
Colorizing people slowly drained the life from the commune leader but that wasn't the greatest threat. Several color hating groups would likely kill Jordan on sight if they could get their hands on him. That concerned the large man more than anything else. He had to be very careful.
Being gray helped Hugh as he ran errands downtown. It threw color haters off the scent. They wouldn't think a gray person would look for people to colorize. It didn't seem likely that anyone associated with Jordan for a long period of time would remain gray. It also helped that he used the computers at the library to do his recruiting. No one would ever guess that Jordan didn't have lots of money and used all the latest technology. Dressed in shabby gray clothes with gray skin made him effectively invisible to anyone posing a threat, and most others for that matter.
The large man smiled every time he saw the confused look on the face of a prospective member when he met them in person and asked for the secret password. It always took them several seconds to respond and then they got into his old, beat up pickup and drove back to the small city. Most of the recruits came from other, nearby towns and cities. It would cause too much suspicion otherwise.
When they got close, Hugh had a final test for them. He'd enter the city well away from the commune and drive into the parking lot of a local state park. Once there, he'd sit in the truck for ten minutes or so and wait to see if anyone had followed him. If the person with him showed any suspicious behavior, he'd get out of his truck and lead the person to a small picnic area and tell them to wait. Then he'd slowly make his way back to his truck and drive off, stranding the person and watching from afar with binoculars. The man was a fairly good judge of character when it came to the color haters and he caught more than one insincere member that way. The last one waited only about fifteen minutes before using one of those cutting edge hyper phones to call for a ride home. A large black van showed up with the name, Perfect Angels, plastered all over it in bold white letters. That made Hugh very nervous. The group was famous for hating color.
In spite of the potential danger, Hugh focused more on the lack of finances. He wished he could afford a hyper phone, even if he couldn't think of a use for one. He'd happily invent excuses. After hearing that they used a new technology that made it impossible to lose a connection, he really wanted to experiment. It seemed hard to believe. He'd used a cell phone in his college days and lost connections all the time, passing through a tunnel, riding in an elevator or losing reception by moving out of range of the cell towers. Just imagining himself holding a hyper phone caused him to sigh. He hated being poor.
He sighed again as he left the large shack and accidentally caught a glimpse of his pathetic living quarters. So far, he'd been somewhat lucky. He could detect the more dangerous prospective members but he wished he could weed out the vain, selfish types like Angie. Jordan hid his disappointment well when one flew the nest but Hugh could always tell. He saw his friend's hope slowly erode each and every time.
We're never getting out of here.

* * *

After returning from a long walk, Hugh was surprised to find Jordan sitting up, carefully feeding himself.
"Feeling better?" the large man asked.
Jordan smiled briefly between spoonfuls but didn't say anything.
"Angie's gone, isn't she." Hugh stated, knowing full well it was true.
Jordan nodded and spoke after swallowing. "Yes, but she actually made me this oatmeal and told me thanks before she left."
"Sad."
"At least she had manners. Not like the last one."
Hugh hung his head low as he thought about Trish, the young woman who was colorized before Angie. Trish couldn't wait to leave after she recovered from the ritual, calling them all a bunch of losers. They found out later that she was the spoiled only child of a very wealthy family, and her special ability suited her well. She could disintegrate her clothes, including her shoes. It let her easily get rid of clothes she didn't like so she could go shopping for new ones. Metal and stone were unaffected so her jewelry was safe but any more delicate material would disintegrate. When she used her ability, all but a few snaps, shoe nails and the occasional buckle or zipper would be left for easy disposal by one of her personal servants.
Trish's ability most likely made sex more convenient too but Hugh didn't want to think about that. He gave up thoughts of sex long ago in spite of the constant flow of young women in and out of the commune. His only love was more of the brotherly kind. He loved his dear, old friend, Jordan and made the decision to stick with him to the end.
So far, most of the abilities of the colorized members had been worthless. Disintegrating clothes certainly wouldn't make any money. Neither would the ability to polish small areas of metal or make small rocks float in the air for a few seconds. Only one former member, if he ever truly was a member, had a valuable special ability. The deceased singer of the rock band, Pickled Pig's Feet, had the ability to mimic any singing voice he heard. He could even sing opera as a soprano. The ability was new and fresh, gaining the band instant fame, but they didn't have enough talent to make it last. The singer couldn't handle the descent back into obscurity and instead chose to end his life with a heroin overdose.
Hugh eventually realized the futility of getting money from a member's special ability so he focused more on asking for payment. Unfortunately, they could never make enough money to be financially independent. Jordan couldn't use his ability very often and no one would pay enough, not even the rich, to make it worth it, but it was all they had. Neither Hugh nor Jordan had any skills they could use to make a decent living. All they could do was wait and hope for a generous rich person to come along and save them from themselves.

* * *

Hugh sat on the floor across from Jordan in their shack as usual, giving his friend a long look. "You're recovering quickly this time."
Jordan bobbed his head a couple times, his mouth full of pine nuts that their remaining members had harvested from the nearby trees. After swallowing, he said, "Must be the spring air. You know spring is my favorite season."
"And Angie is barely twenty."
"Yes. Yes. She's so young and strong. That made it easier."
Hugh grunted and waited while his friend chewed another handful of pine nuts.
"Who's next on the list?" the leader finally asked.
"Linus, I think."
Jordan frowned. "I don't know. Something seems off about him."
The large man nodded. "Doesn't like waiting."
"Yes. He could use more patience. Shall I pass on him again? Joan would be next after him. I like her."
Hugh didn't say anything but silently agreed, especially since she paid a fair amount of money for the privilege. He nodded and the decision was made. Joan would be next.
"Anything else on the agenda?" the leader asked.
"No."
"Then eat something. I haven't seen you eat anything for hours."
The other man's stomach rumbled and he quickly placed a hand over it as if to quiet or muffle it. "I'll get something from the pantry," he said, getting up. "Want anything?"
Jordan raised an index finger and chewed faster. He didn't wait to swallow though. "Bottle of water, please," he said, his voice garbled by the mouthful of food.
Hugh nodded and left the shack, thinking again about his college days and the several philosophy classes that he took. The relatively recent emergence of color shook the foundation of philosophy as well as science. Scientists tried to figure out how color and special abilities worked but philosophers continued to ask the harder questions. Where did color come from and why did it suddenly appear less than two hundred years ago? The large man felt that Jordan's ability might lead to answers to those harder questions and he devoted a little time to the puzzle each day. His current line of thought led him to believe that everyone had the potential for permanent color and Jordan somehow activated that potential. Philosophy in small, frequent doses satisfied his intellect and helped keep him sane.

* * *

Another three weeks went by and everything had been prepared for the next Awakening. Just as they always did, Hugh and Jordan didn't say who would be next. They just called everyone together in the large shack and pretended to wait for a sign of some sort.
The ritual started as a random series of steps, more like a game than anything else, but as time wore on and older members left, newer members believed that everything proceeded as it did because it had to be that way. The ritual became common and comfortable so they stuck with it.
As Jordan sat in a lotus position on the ground, wearing his dusty orange robe, he looked at each of the remaining three members. Joan looked eager and happy as always. He could easily skip her the next two times and she'd look exactly the same. The next one he looked at was Peter, a gaunt, earnest young man with worry lines all over his face. Nothing different there either. Only the last member, Linus, looked different. The tall man radiated discontent.
The leader's gut feeling told him that he should pick Linus but he didn't listen. He already decided with Hugh to choose Joan. A little selfishness crept in too. If he used his ability on Linus, he'd likely be incapacitated for twice as long as he was with Angie. Having less down time appealed more and more to him as he got older and weaker. No one could fault him for choosing Joan over Linus, except maybe Linus.
The tall, discontent member stood in his usual spot near one wall, trying to keep his look neutral when inside, he seethed. It seemed like a foregone conclusion that he wouldn't be picked to go next. He could feel it. Eager Joan would be next and he'd be gone, his backpack hastily stuffed with his meager belongings. Except he had no money and nowhere to go. That didn't matter to him though. He'd think of something while he walked to the nearby city.
When Jordan started humming, Linus focused on it, still hoping in spite of his pessimistic inner feelings.
Jordan closed his eyes and hummed as usual. He turned his head in the direction of each of the three members as if to view each of them with an unseen, third eye. The temptation to call out, "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe," almost brought a smile to his face but he resisted both the smile and the children's counting rhyme. After several minutes of humming when he knew that he currently faced Joan, he opened his eyes and pointed to her.
"You!" he said, and the decision was made.
Joan jumped up and down, squealing with glee. She didn't think to wonder about Linus as he stormed out of the shack. Her impending colorization distracted her.
The tall man's departure confused things for a short time but Jordan and Hugh's professionalism kicked in and had things moving forward.
Peter looked more worried than usual. "Where's Linus going?" he asked, and was quickly shushed.
Joan, in the commune outfit of a white tee shirt and shorts, laid down on the blanket in front of Jordan and mentally prepared herself to be colorized.

* * *

Linus left in a hurry. After quickly changing into jeans and a sweatshirt and stuffing his backpack full, he walked the narrow gravel road that led into the city. He still had no plan of action and didn't care to think of one. Life was a river and he chose to ride the current in a rubber raft with no oars.
A couple miles down the road, gravel turned to asphalt and the man's well-worn tennis shoes slapped the roadway with a lot less force than when he'd first left the commune. Depression, fatigue and hunger overtook his anger. No one chased after him to try to talk him out of leaving. No one seemed to care.
He kept his eyes on the ground in front of him, watching one step after another and trying not to notice the occasional bit of litter. Even a discarded candy wrapper reminded him of how little he had left. Virtually everything was a luxury that he couldn't afford.
Unpleasant memories from a lifetime of emotional suffering nipped at his heels, urging him forward. Classmates teased him about his name and below average intelligence as far back as he could remember. His parents expressed decades of disappointment when his grades couldn't get him into a prestigious university. Everyone gave up on him, telling him that he'd never amount to anything, and he eventually gave up on himself. He dropped out of community college and worked three part-time jobs to make just enough money to exist. He didn't live. He merely existed.
It wasn't until he read a short, vague blog post about someone who could awaken a person to the world of color that he decided to try once more to live. If he could get color and a special ability, he thought he might actually be able to make something of his life. He wasn't sure he believed it was possible to get color but he had to try.
He tried contacting the person who posted the blog entry, sending several emails that came back as undeliverable. Several searches using the keywords, "awaken" and "color," led him to yet more vague blog entries and comments on various web pages, and once again, he tried to email the sources. It took several weeks before he got a reply to one of his inquiries. The randomized user name of the email account made him wonder if the reply was legitimate, but after a couple of exchanges, he realized that the other person was just being careful. Not everyone liked the idea of one person giving color to another. There were a lot of color haters in the world.
He certainly didn't start out hating color. Color held the promise of saving him from a life of drudgery. He practically worshipped color as his own personal savior. How quickly that changed. After being passed over three times at the commune, color quickly became a darkness, like an addictive drug. It turned young, colorized women into unpleasant vain creatures, totally different from when they first arrived. It didn't occur to him that the women were simply pretending to be nice to make sure they got their way. He just saw a change for the worse and it sickened him.
Linus wavered between anger and depression his whole trip into the city. He wandered through moderately busy streets on automatic pilot, just as he did in life, and he didn't stop until someone honked at him for taking too long to get through a crosswalk. He jumped to the curb at the sound of the horn and looked farther up the road to see a parked van. The black van had a stylized image of a feminine white angel on the back and sides along with the words, Perfect Angels.
Something clicked, deep inside him. The image of the angel spoke to him like nothing else did. Not even color held his attention like that angel. His feet starting moving with a mind of their own, sending him off to a new destiny.

* * *

Hugh kept everyone together in the large, central shack of the commune after Joan's colorization. There was more than enough room for everyone after Linus' abrupt exit. He wasn't sure what was going on but he felt better about keeping everyone together.
Joan recovered in the usual amount of time of about an hour. Her eyelids fluttered and she slowly started moving by first wiggling her fingers and toes.
Members didn't remember a lot of what happened when Jordan used his special ability on them. They remembered blacking out soon after Jordan started and they often remembered waking up and feeling completely numb for about an hour after he finished. They could move slowly and with care, but when they did, they described their muscles feeling pricked lightly with pins and needles, like when a body part falls asleep after lying on it for too long. It took another thirty minutes or more to feel normal again.
The odd feelings in their muscles didn't bother them all that much though. Long before the pins and needles faded away, they became all too aware of their color and they couldn't take their eyes off of themselves.
Joan was no different than all the others when it came to checking herself out. There was one important difference later though. She didn't leave. She vowed to stay, find her special ability and help the commune any way she could. To Hugh and Jordan, she was a breath of fresh air. To Peter, the latest gray member, she was something more.
Peter fell in love with Joan before she got color, before the both of them arrived together looking to change themselves and change the world. Joan was the more active and vocal one. She always helped out whenever and wherever she could. It was her idea to seek out Jordan, saying that they'd be able to accomplish a lot more if they had color. Peter kept to the shadows and supported her only when she asked for his help. He wanted to do more but he lacked confidence.
"Wow!" Joan finally said after looking at the backs of her hands for the umpteenth time, her smile lighting up her face. About the only thing she didn't inspect was her hair. It wasn't long enough to pull around to her eyes so she couldn't see the very rare coppery red color.
Peter nodded in agreement with a look of awe. Hugh just smiled as he sat cross-legged on the ground, awkwardly cradling Jordan in his lap, the commune leader barely conscious.
"I mean really! Wow! Just… wow."
"What's it like?" Peter asked in a quiet voice.
"I'm not sure," she told him. "I don't feel any different. I just look different."
"Way different," the young man said.
Joan looked over at Hugh and Jordan, realizing for the first time that they hadn't left. She cocked her head when she saw that, but after she scanned the entire shack, a puzzled frown appeared on her face. "Where's Linus?" she asked.
Peter shrugged and was saved from having to say anything when Hugh spoke. "He left in a huff," the large man said. "Not sure why."
The colorful woman sighed. She could guess why. The absent man's sour looks and loud mutterings after each and every ritual gave him away. "Has anyone thought to go after him?" she asked. "He's probably upset that he wasn't chosen. He's long overdue to get color." She felt a brief moment of guilt then, but it didn't last long as she went back to marveling at her new look.
Peter looked down, not sure what to say.
Hugh looked up at the ceiling. "Damn," he said quietly. He had a bad feeling and it wasn't just guilt over suggesting that Joan get color ahead of Linus.

* * *

The Perfect Angels began planning almost immediately when Linus dropped into their midst. With Linus to divulge the location of the commune, the haters of color could finally track down and eliminate a very painful thorn in their side. They couldn't fault those few who developed color naturally, but to have color given to normal gray people infuriated them. They believed it to be an abomination and a threat that could bring about the downfall of civilization. It had to be stopped at any cost.
After several colorized people popped up in the area, they slowly came to believe in the special ability to give people color, and they believed that the person responsible lived somewhere nearby. They began searching more aggressively over the past year and they began to get frustrated. Like most everyone else, members of the Perfect Angels thought that anyone with color would be well-off and living in a nicer part of the city. They couldn't imagine the truth, that a colorful person could be poor and living in a dusty, run-down commune. 
Very few of the locals knew of the commune so its location wasn't likely to be given away. Hugh made sure of that. He very carefully drove in different directions as he passed through to pick up supplies and bring in new recruits. Being gray kept him above suspicion anyway but it didn't hurt to be careful.
Four members of the hateful group sat in their van along with Linus. The members all wore the same olive drab army fatigues and smelled oddly of sweat and vinegar. The driver had just talked to the supreme leader of their organization and he began to relay the conversation to the others in the van. The lanky older man kept a steady tone to his voice and suppressed a strong urge to gesture with his hands as he spoke.
"The strike is set for the next recruitment. We'll keep watch and as soon as Hugh leaves Jordan to pick up the recruit, we'll go in for the purge." He carefully avoided details and any show of excitement, just in case Linus had second thoughts. They still needed the disgruntled man to show them the location of the commune.
Linus warned them about Hugh's size and strength and they listened. One of their members had met with the large man before, after an unsuccessful attempt to infiltrate the group. They all had a good description of him, and being cowards at heart, they feared the possibility of the large man being ex-military with a large arsenal. That meant they'd have to wait for him to leave before they'd take action against Jordan.
"What do we do in the meantime, sir?" a serious young man asked. The man sat behind the driver and made eye contact with him through the rear-view mirror.
Linus' stomach chose that moment to make a noise and the driver smiled as he thought of a way to strengthen his hold over the former commune member.
"First thing we do is feed this poor man and try to make up for his years of suffering."

* * *

As with the previous colorization, Jordan quickly recovered. Joan's young age made it easy on him. Only a week had gone by after her ritual and he was able to pace back and forth on a short length of worn grass in his shack. It was something he often did when he felt strong enough. As he paced, he even managed to add something new to his habit. He held a small, white bowl in his right hand and shoveled watery oatmeal into his mouth with his left as he moved back and forth.
Hugh sat in a corner on a milk crate, silently watching him eat and thinking how fragile civilization seemed. He'd often heard that we were all just nine meals away from anarchy. If everyone had to go without food for that long, the law of the jungle would take hold. It wouldn't apply to everyone but a hungry majority could certainly drag everyone else down with them.
The large man shook his head to rid himself of the thought. As long as he was around, he'd make sure nothing happened to his best friend, his only friend.
Jordan paused between spoonfuls. "Any sign of Joan's ability?" he asked.
"No."
"Is she doing the meditation exercises?"
"Daily. Still nothing."
Jordan grunted and went back to pacing and eating.
All they could do was wait. Colorized members usually discovered their special ability within a couple days. Joan was definitely an anomaly.

* * *

A van with five men sat watching a large man slowly heft himself out of a battered old pickup truck and slowly walk towards the town's public library. Although his size was impressive, his movement was not. The driver shook his head.
The young man behind the driver spoke up suddenly. "He doesn't look so tough."
"Appearances can be deceiving," the driver said. "Never underestimate a man that large."
The young man grunted but didn't say anything more.
Linus kept his thoughts to himself. Hugh seemed more like the gentle giant type to him but he didn't want to give the man away. In spite of feeling slighted, he didn't blame Hugh and he didn't wish him any harm. It actually amused him that the Perfect Angels kept their distance.
The group had waited a couple hours for the large man to arrive. That bothered the driver. He hated to wait. He waited less than another five minutes before he felt the need to ask a question. "Any way to get the big guy to recruit right away?"
Linus paused a moment before saying, "I don't think so. He's pretty careful. I'm sure he'll insist on several email exchanges before he decides."
"Then how will we know when he's ready to make a move?"
Linus shrugged.
The driver snorted and thought more about the plan. They needed to know when Hugh was gone to pick up a potential recruit and the easiest way was to do what they'd successfully done once before. They'd have someone pretend to be interested in getting color. It should be easy enough to do with Linus guiding them. They'd get Hugh to leave the commune long enough so they could deal with Jordan and make the world a safer place. The only problem was how long it could take before it happened. None of the Perfect Angels had the virtue of patience.
"Let's not waste any more time here," the older man said. "I've got a plan."
The van pulled away just before Hugh came out of the library. The large man didn't see the van. He slowly trudged back to his little truck, climbed in, and breathed a heavy sigh before driving back to the commune.

* * *

Back in a nearby city at Perfect Angel headquarters, Linus led a member of the group on a merry chase around the Internet. The pair sat together at a plain wooden desk, staring at a computer monitor in a small, dark room with cobwebs in every corner. They jumped from blog to blog, with Linus occasionally stopping to chat with an old online acquaintance. It annoyed the Perfect Angel but the man held his tongue like he'd been ordered.
After the first successful contact with Hugh, Linus felt slightly uncomfortable. The word traitor came to mind, especially when he saw the mad glint in the Perfect Angel's eyes. With subsequent email exchanges over the next few days, it got easier for the former commune member. He'd remember how he felt the day he'd left the commune, how no one tried to talk him out of leaving, and anger returned to cloud his thinking. He couldn't foresee any dire consequences to what he was doing. Punishing Jordan for not colorizing him was simply an abstract concept and completely harmless. It gave him a much needed outlet.
When the day of judgment did finally arrive, Linus felt nauseous. He'd completed all of his imaginary punishments several times over and purged himself of the desire for revenge. Unfortunately, the Perfect Angels didn't share his state of mind. If anything, they seemed more eager than ever to confront Jordan. With the crazy look in their eyes, it seemed as if anything could happen; all of it bad.
If he could think of a way to prevent the commune leader's fate, he'd gladly try it. But he couldn't think of anything other than to go with the crazy bunch and hope he could talk them out of any serious wrong doing. He'd be the voice of reason, and maybe, just maybe, Jordan would be grateful and give him color. His twisted logic gave him hope and he clung to it.
He felt some small relief that the Perfect Angels didn't carry guns but something else caught his eye. Each member of the group had a large bag tied to his belt. Linus couldn't see what was in the bags but whatever it was looked bulky and heavy. The bags all bulged and swung slowly as the members walked. A vague feeling of concern nagged at his conscience but he refused to listen. He had his own mission to get color and he'd gone too far to stop.
The van peeled out in the parking lot of Perfect Angel headquarters with five men, four of whom were on their way to save the world. It was a good day for zealotry.

* * *

Early morning light filtered through a few cracks around the door of the large central shack. Alone inside, Joan sat cross-legged on a floral print beach towel, chanting a silly mantra that she made up.
"Moo goo gai pan. Moo goo gai pan."
She slowly chanted the name of a popular American Chinese dish that sounded good to her ear. Normally, it helped keep her mind clear, but over the past week, it hadn't helped at all. With her eyes closed, she kept visualizing bursts of color like fireworks going off. It distracted her enough that she had to give up each time she tried it.
Maybe if I don't chant out loud.
She continued meditating again for several minutes and still got nowhere. Out of frustration, she got up and stalked out of the shack, leaving little puffs of dust with each footstep as she made her way across the commune's patch of dirt to the wilderness beyond.
Perhaps she tried too hard. Finding a special ability seemed to come fairly easily and quickly to all of the other colorized members. They didn't try hard and she decided that she shouldn't either. A slow, easy walk and a change of scenery might be all she needed.
She let her thoughts wander along with her body while following a deer trail that led towards a small stand of trees. As soon as she reached the shade of the trees, she stopped to appreciate a lone flower with six petals. She didn't know the species but she did remember that it was a type of monocot. She confirmed the fact by the parallel veins in the leaves just as she remembered from her school days.
She missed school. She missed flowers. She missed life.
The colorful young woman sat down in the tall grass and bent over to smell the flower. The sweet, heavy scent put a smile on her face when nothing else would. She reached out to caress the petals with her left hand and gasped as the flower turned from a medium gray to a pleasing shade of blue. As she continued to touch the flower, color spread to its leaves making them dark green, and within seconds, the entire plant had color. Joan couldn't see them but even the roots had color.
She'd forgotten about the ability to temporarily give color to objects. Jordan's orange robe stopped impressing her long ago and the white clothes that she currently wore didn't change because they didn't have any color.
Another deep smell of the flower and the scent hadn't changed. Nothing changed except that it turned blue. With a sudden flash of insight, she wondered if it had always been blue and it was just her perception that changed. That might explain a lot. It seemed like it would be a lot easier to change a person's perception than to change all of the objects and people that currently had color. Except that would mean everyone's perception would have to change at the same time to perceive each new colorful thing. That didn't seem likely at all.
The woman suddenly felt a little tired and yawned. Having a philosophical discussion with herself seemed much more difficult than when she discussed it with Hugh. He made everything sound so plausible and easy.
She got up, brushed herself off and slowly headed back to her shack, the one farthest from Jordan, and suddenly realized that the shack's location bothered her. With just Peter and herself sharing one shack and Jordan and Hugh sharing theirs, they should be closer.
As she walked, she decided to move to Angie's shack since she knew Angie was never coming back. The move would give her something to do and she hoped the physical activity might free her mind enough to unlock her special ability. She began to fear that she might not have one.
If she waited and watched the blue flower long enough, she would've seen that her ability was already active. She hadn't touched the flower for more than a minute. That meant that it shouldn't have held color for more than a couple minutes, but long after the time limit, the flower remained blue and would remain so for the rest of its life. Her ability was much the same as Jordan's except instead of just permanently giving color to human beings, she could give color to any living thing.

* * *

Hugh sat at a plain white desk, typing on a library computer to send a last message to a potential new recruit, confirming a meeting time and place. The young recruit sounded sincere and transferred a fairly good sum of money to the commune's account in a show of good faith. So why did he have such a bad feeling?
He scoffed at himself then. Intuition made such a poor criterion of truth, as one of his philosophy professors liked to point out. One couldn't reason with it. At best, it could only be used as a potential source of truth, meaning that it had to be tested. He'd just have to test his intuition by following through with his recruitment process.
He shook off his bad feeling and lumbered out of the building, back to his trusty little truck. The truck had been very reliable over the years. It aged well, but he knew it wouldn't be long before it would cost too much to maintain. The commune barely had the funds to replace the transmission when it blew last year. They couldn't afford another expensive repair. With the engine having logged over two hundred thousand miles, the end was near.
The faithful little truck pulled out of the library parking lot and headed north to pick up yet another young recruit with a significant amount of money. The driver hoped the combination of money and youth would allow Jordan to at least maintain his state of recently improved health. In spite of losing Linus, Hugh felt that passing over the man was the right thing to do. The lost lamb was in his thirties and would've drained Jordan too much.
The large man sighed, wishing his radio worked so he could drown out his thoughts.

* * *

Late in the morning, the sun had just crept over the tops of some short trees to illuminate a van of Perfect Angels. The van had stopped at the paved end of the road that led to the commune, waiting for word that Hugh had taken the bait. As soon as they received confirmation, they'd drive down the crushed gravel road and finally put an end to the abomination called Jordan.
As always, the four members sat on the edge of their seats, sipping strong coffee. Their caffeine levels spiked and they itched to carry out their mission.
Linus didn't need the caffeine to be on edge. He had guilt and anxiety.
The other men took turns reminding Linus to keep out of the way when they went in. They only brought him along to make sure they found Jordan as quickly as possible. His sole task was to lead them directly to Jordan's shack.
The former commune member nodded without really listening. The body language of the others went well beyond his comfort zone, making him want to run, screaming from the van. They didn't have to speak. When one of the younger members reached into the bag at his hip, Linus heard an ominous grinding sound and almost did bolt. It was only the interruption of a phone call that stopped him.
"Jack here," the driver said. "Is he there? Can you confirm?"
The hyper phone he spoke into hummed with each word as the man on the other end replied, and with each word, Jack's face transformed into a primal mask of eager hate.
Jack was the same man who always drove the van and led the rest. The older man hung up but didn't relay the conversation to the others. He didn't have to. The van's engine roared to life and once again peeled out as it shot down the road towards the commune.

* * *

Hugh reached his destination but didn't see anyone. He parked and waited all of five minutes before his intuition returned, nagging him that something was horribly wrong. It only took another five minutes of scanning the area for him to listen. No one was going to show up because he'd been tricked.
Screw philosophy. He knew with certainty that no one was going to show up, just as he knew is friend was in danger. His intuition had taken a few facts and extrapolated on his experience with human nature to give him the truth. Linus' angry exit, the hate group's attempt to find the commune and lack of an eagerly waiting recruit all added up to only one thing.
Throwing caution to the wind, he started up his truck and begged it to get him back as quickly as possible. The drive up had taken him over thirty minutes. If he pushed it, he thought he might cut it to no more than twenty. He just hoped his little mechanical friend would survive the trip.

* * *

Linus almost laughed when the van went too fast around a corner and got stuck in some deep sand on the side of the gravel road. Only the intensity of the Perfect Angels stopped him since he knew it was just a temporary reprieve for Jordan. He didn't fancy himself the hero but since the Perfect Angels didn't have guns, he thought he could safely run ahead and at least give a warning.
With more than a few shouts of profanity and threats for him to wait, the former commune member quickly slid open the side door of the van and took off running down the road. It was a good thing the hate group fed him so well. He needed the improved health and energy.
He took off at an unsustainable pace and gained a sizable lead before slowing to a fast jog. Looking over his shoulder before he rounded the next bend in the road, he saw the others just leaving the van, their heavy bags swinging wildly to slow them down and throw off their balance. A snicker escaped him before he controlled himself once again. He had a mission.
As he rounded the bend, he saw that he was closer to the commune than he realized. It only seemed longer when he walked. He once again increased his pace and headed straight for the large central shack, thinking to check it before going to Jordan's shack.

* * *

Joan sat cross-legged in the large shack with her boyfriend's head cradled in her lap, something she often did but hadn't tried since she got color. She gently ran her fingers through his black hair and hummed a lullaby that her mother often hummed to her when she was a little girl. It was the only time other than sleep that the man's face seemed to relax.
Peter closed his eyes and sighed. Gone were the worry lines that usually ran horizontally across his forehead, replaced by smooth skin with just a hint of a smile.
As Joan continued stroking his skin she felt herself growing very tired. It struck her as odd since it was fairly early in the day. Still, she continued, fighting the fatigue and looking down at her boyfriend, gasping when she saw color showing on his face.
Once again, she forgot about her ability to temporarily give things color, and at first, she thought that was all that was happening. But then Peter's smile evaporated and his eyes rolled back in their sockets. Something strangely familiar began to happen. The young man looked much the same as all of the colorized members as they were receiving Jordan's gift.
Out of fear and confusion, Joan almost pulled her hands back but she felt too weak to do even that. As the minutes crept by, she felt herself growing too tired to keep herself from slumping forward.

* * *

Linus made it to the large shack, breathing heavily as he threw open the door to illuminate the interior, and there, inside, he saw the strangest thing. The unmistakable ritual that he'd witnessed several times in that same shack was taking place, but it wasn't Jordan who did the work. It was a small, colorful woman that he recognized as Joan.
Even if he had the breath, he wouldn't have been able to speak. To have one person be able to permanently colorize others was rare enough, but two was unbelievable. He took precious minutes to watch the ritual and only after his breathing slowed was he reminded of why he ran.
The Perfect Angels had gotten within view of the commune and in spite of all of them being relatively breathless, they managed to shout out a few choice words. They urged each other on with vicious slurs, calling out for Jordan the Abomination to face them.
Linus froze for a moment, until he heard the grinding sound that had upset him in the van. He turned to see the same young man with his hand in his bag. He slowly stepped out of the entrance to the large shack and closed the door behind him. "He's not in here," he said. "This is the community shack. That only leaves his own, over there." He pointed to Jordan's small shack.
The other members ran over to it, swarming the door until Jack called them off. "Back off," the older man told them. "You don't know what's inside. What if he has a shotgun pointed at the door?"
Just then the door opened and Jordan looked out. "I don't own a shotgun. You're safe here."
The commune leader's sudden appearance startled Jack, but the Perfect Angel soon regained his composure and puffed out his chest. "No one is safe in this world, not with abominations running wild."
"Oh! Abominations! Goodness me!" Jordan said, playfully mocking the group. He knew what they were after and still he had the presence of mind to try to defuse the situation with humor.
Linus was impressed. He knew what Jordan was doing. He also knew it was futile.
With a nod from Jack, two of the young men lunged forward on both sides of Jordan, grabbing him by his thin upper arms. 
"You can go now, Linus," Jack told him. "This might get a bit ugly."
The former commune member felt a shiver of fear. It became nearly impossible for him to speak but he did manage one word. "Please…."
"I said, go!" Jack said, glaring at him.
Linus did the only thing he felt he could. He walked back towards the large shack, recovering enough courage to call out over his shoulder, "I'll wait inside then, until we're ready to go back."
"You're not coming back with us, Linus. You've been tainted. We don't accept tainted members."
"Fine. I'll just wait inside until you leave. I won't see anything."
"Fair enough," Jack said, watching until Linus entered the large shack and closed the door behind him. Then he turned to his little gathering. "Let's take him for a little walk, boys. Don't want to disturb the peace and tranquility here."
The other members laughed at their leader's dark humor and the two young men who held Jordan between them frogmarched the old man down the same deer trail that Joan had walked earlier that same day. They made it to the shade of the trees where the blue flower grew, and once there, they prepared for their own little ritual.

* * *

The two men let go of Jordan and moved to form a line with the other two members. They glared at the commune leader for a moment, one of them spitting on the orange robe before they all backed a short distance away. When they stopped, each of them reached into the bag at their hip and pulled out a large rock.
Jordan sighed, knowing exactly what was to come and resigning himself to it. He wondered if it might happen and was sorely disappointed that it did. Even in the modern age, brutality reared its ugly head.
Using that particular phrase made him think to sadly shake his head at the display, and as he did so, he caught sight of the blue flower. He almost stared at it but he caught himself, knowing that Joan must have had something to do with it. It made him smile to think that she could give lasting color to flowers. It also made him sigh with regret when he realized how it might turn out to be a good source of income. If only his own ability worked on plants as well as people. That was his last thought before a rock hit him in the side of the head. He purposely fell in a fetal position around the flower to shield it, smiling as he lost consciousness.

* * *

Hugh pushed his little truck hard. He knew the truck well enough to know what it could and couldn't do, and still he pressed on just a little past what he felt was safe. If he blew the engine too soon, he wouldn't be close enough to make it to his friend, but if he didn't push hard, he wouldn't make it back in time.
He decided it was foolish to favor a truck over his friend and pushed the accelerator down another inch. The old truck whined its displeasure but soon carried him forward another twenty miles per hour faster than before.
The truck reached the edge of the city before smoke started obscuring the view through the windshield. It still didn't slow down though. It shot down the main road on the most direct route to the commune. It also collected quite a following of police cars, but it kept ahead of them, surprising the police with its speed and slowing them down with the smoke that poured from its engine.
The police backed off, thinking the end of the chase was near. They had no idea.
"Come on, little guy," Hugh told his truck. "You can do it. Just a little farther."
He liked to think of his truck as male. He related better to males, and it made it easier to talk to it. He kept telling it the same thing with each passing mile, urging it on to its final destination.
When the truck got within three miles of the commune, part of the engine blew. The driver thought it was a piston but couldn't tell without stopping. He didn't want to do that. The truck slowed a little, but it kept moving forward. When it got within two miles, there was a second, equally loud explosion and it slowed down a little more. The only thing really keeping it going at that point was momentum and the fact that the road went slightly down hill. It still shocked the driver as well as all the police after it traveled yet another mile at half speed. When it got within a half mile, the poor little truck's engine finally died. Hugh shifted into neutral quickly enough that he maintained quarter speed for most of the remaining distance, coasting and grinding to a stop at the end of the road. He made it back.
The hate group's van didn't escape his notice, being very near the commune, and he nearly lost his composure then. Only thoughts of his gentle friend kept him from completely losing control. He imagined what Jordan would say to him in such a moment. "Go in peace. Always go in peace, my friend."
"Sorry!" the large man shouted to his truck as he ripped off his seatbelt and nearly took the driver's side door off its hinges. He rushed as fast as a large man with old knees could move, with the police just behind and a group of men that could only be the Perfect Angels blocking his way. The men were dusty and sweaty with grim smiles on their faces and large, loose bags flopping at their hips.
"We took care of the abomination," Jack said with a snarl. "He won't be giving anyone else color so you might as well crawl back to whatever hell hole you spawned from."
Hugh surprised the man with a burst of speed, hitting him with a right cross that sent the zealot sprawling to the ground, spitting dirt and blood. He wanted to follow up by kicking the stuffing out of the man but his legs trembled with anger and fatigue. All he could do was stand over him, glaring at the man's back.
"That's enough," came a voice from behind the large man.
Hugh turned to see a dozen police officers with their weapons drawn. "They murdered my friend!" he shouted at them in anger. "I was trying to save him!"
One of the young members of the Perfect Angels spoke up then, pointing in the direction of their recent crime. "Hah! We left the old bag of bones over yonder in them trees. Ain't no one gonna save him."
Jack was on his hands and knees by that point. "Shut up, you fool!" he said, hissing out each word slowly but loudly.
"Thanks," the officer in charge said. "I think we've all heard enough. We'll just leave the collection of evidence to the…."
The officer didn't finish. His jaw dropped as Hugh dashed in the direction of the trees, covering the ground faster than the large man ever thought possible. As he neared the trees, he saw what first looked like a mound of rocks, but turned out to be his half-buried friend. The sight confused him for a moment though. Many of the rocks had color.
Hugh bent over, grabbing and throwing rocks away from the body of his friend who was partially buried underneath. He cleared the area around the head, shoulders and chest to see Jordan with bright red blood splattering his skin and the shredded remains of his orange robe. The man was still lying in a fetal position, shielding a delicate blue flower with his body.
The large man mistakenly thought Jordan had temporarily given the flower color. He stared at it for several seconds, half in shock before he got an even greater shock.
"Hugh," Jordan whispered. "You made it." The older man stopped briefly, seized by a racking cough before uttering his last words. "Come closer…."
The large man bent down and his dying friend slowly reached out to touch both of his bare arms. He felt a tingle and his eyes widened as he realized what was happening, but it was too late to stop the process. Jordan was giving up the last of his life to give his friend color. Hugh's eyes rolled back in their sockets and he slumped forward over his dying friend, making it easy to maintain contact, and through it all, Jordan smiled.

* * *

The rocks had done enough damage to kill Jordan, but they also protected against further serious damage by covering him. The protection allowed him to remain alive long enough to colorize his friend. It was a last act of love by a dying man.
Linus had emerged from the large, central shack during the process. He wandered over to the crowd of police officers who half circled Hugh and Jordan and gave a quiet narration from behind. "Jordan's using his special ability to give Hugh color. It takes about fifteen minutes to do. After it's over, Hugh will be numb for a good hour, and it'll take him another thirty minutes or more to regain full movement. It takes a lot out of Jordan. It usually takes him weeks to recover." Then he had a good look at Jordan and gasped.

As Hugh slowly gained color, Jordan's body slowly lost it, starting at the old man's feet and legs. By the time Linus finished speaking, gray covered the lower half of Jordan's body and the advancing gray could be seen moving towards the dying man's upper body.
A policewoman muttered, "I don't think he'll recover this time."
They all continued to witness the sad and tender spectacle in silence. Everything was quiet except for the faint sound of an ambulance siren far in the distance.

* * *

When it was all over, Jordan's body and blood had turned completely gray, followed an hour or so later by the colored rocks that had been in contact with him. His tattered orange robe wouldn't turn gray for years, perhaps decades since he wore it so long, only taking it off for an occasional and very brief wash. The delicate blue flower would last until winter before it too died and turned gray, though it would go to seed before then, leaving behind countless generations of delicate blue flowers.
An ambulance took the dead man's body away, leaving Hugh with Linus watching over him while a few remaining police officers stood around and scratched their heads, wondering what to do.
"Do we just write him a speeding ticket?" said one young policeman. "He didn't hurt anyone. We sort of escorted him through the city to make sure of that."
Another older cop frowned. "I don't know," he said. "He was rushing to try to prevent a murder. Can't fault him for that." The man turned to look at the cars with the murderous Perfect Angels sitting in back, handcuffed and smiling. They gave him the creeps.
As the police cars with the murderers left the area, Linus spoke up. "Shouldn't I be arrested too?"
"Do you wanna be?" the older cop asked.

"Aren't I an accessory or something?"
"We got statements from a couple of the members of that hate group. They said you weren't a member. You did bring them here but you didn't participate in the stoning. They admitted that you weren't part of the planning and had no knowledge of the premeditated murder. They just used you to find this place."
"I knew they were up to no good," Linus admitted. "But I hoped to stop them from hurting Jordan. I guess I didn't do a very good job."
"Why did you lead them here?"
"I wanted color and Jordan wouldn't give it to me so I wanted to see him punished. I didn't realize how dangerous the Perfect Angels were until it was too late. I'm such an idiot."
The older cop sadly shook his head. "I think you and the big guy have been through enough. I'm not going to arrest you or write him a speeding ticket. Just stay and watch over him and the others." He knew about Joan and Peter in the large shack.
Peter was fully colorized and he'd slowly begun to recover. Joan slept, still sitting cross-legged with Peter's head in her lap. Linus would have his hands full helping the commune members.
The rest of the police soon left on the gravel road, followed by a tow truck that had recovered the hate group's van. Only four were left at the commune, three of whom had color.
A slight breeze rustled leaves in the tree tops while Linus sat in the grass next to Hugh. The gray man held his face in his hands and weeped from an odd mixture of guilt and relief.

* * *

Hugh and Joan held Jordan's funeral a week after his murder and had everyone gathered outside behind a funeral home, taking advantage of a warm, sunny day. The small group sat in padded white folding chairs on a large square lawn surrounded on three sides by tall poplar trees. They only took up one row of ten chairs, but other than the occasional convention planned well in advance, it was one of the largest informal gatherings of colorful people, making seven total including Hugh. Linus and a lone funeral home employee named Max were the only two gray people there.
Angie made a surprise visit along with three others who'd been colorized. Hugh contacted several former commune members, hoping at least a couple would be respectful enough to attend and even he was surprised. It almost renewed his faith in mankind's potential for good.
Max started the proceedings by asking the group to take a moment of silence and reflect on their past experiences with Jordan. Everyone sat quietly in their chairs, facing forward, lost in their memories until Hugh suddenly stood up and slowly moved to the front.
Hugh had discovered his special ability by then and made good use of it by giving a very unusual eulogy. He stood behind a short plaster pedestal styled as an Ionic Greek column. Next to him was a folding table that held Jordan's ashes.
"Thank you all for coming," the large, colorful man said. "And just so you know and don't fall off your chair from shock, I had help writing my eulogy."
Everyone smiled, knowing how he was definitely a man of few words.
"It's been a difficult time for me, seeing my best friend dying under a pile of rocks, blowing the engine in my truck trying to get back in time to save him, not to mention the initial guilt of being colorized and likely speeding him along to his death.
"The doctors told me he would've died anyway, and if he didn't colorize me, he likely would've either suffered greatly or would've been drugged enough to be oblivious to the end. I'm quite sure Jordan preferred to colorize me over those other options. Actually, I'm a hundred percent sure. I'm sure of Jordan's feelings because thanks to my special ability, I'm able to speak with him, or at least a part of him, what some would call the soul or his spirit. I prefer the term spirit.
"I can speak with the spirits of the dead, and having that ability has saved me from feeling guilty for the rest of my life. Jordan freely and selflessly gave me the gift of color and quickly ended his suffering as a result. I have nothing to feel guilty about, and now, since he's here, watching his own funeral, I'd like to relay some of his own words.
"Jordan says that he's a little nervous. He never thought he'd be speaking at his own funeral. If he still had a physical body, the hairs on the back of his neck would be standing on end."
Linus and a couple others snickered.
"He just told me that he's not sorry that he colorized anyone. Adding more color to this gray world gave him joy. He's only sorry that he couldn't colorize more people, especially Linus.
"Linus?" Hugh addressed the man, looking directly at him with sad eyes. "Jordan sends his sincere apology for passing you over so many times. On the day that he colorized Joan, he almost picked you but instead, he listened to his own selfish desire to go with a person who was easier to colorize. Joan is much younger than you and colorizing her was much easier for him. He hopes you can forgive him."
Linus' eyes moistened and he nodded, showing that he did forgive him.
Hugh paused a moment and said, "Jordan sends his thanks."
The large man turned his attention to Joan next.
"Joan? Jordan would like to ask a favor. He knows of your special ability and asks that you consider using it to help Linus."
Hugh wisely left the special ability unsaid in the hopes of protecting Joan. She planned to mainly use her ability to colorize plants, especially flowers, and sell them to make a living. It wasn't likely to attract the attention of a hate group as much as colorizing people would.
Joan's eyes moistened then, and she nodded her acceptance of his request.
"Jordan sends his thanks.
"As for the rest of you here to see him off, Jordan hopes you can find ways to use your special abilities to grow as a person. He wishes only the best for all of you, and he also insists that I give his apology to Peter for the young man's ability. Sorry, Peter."
The young man sat next to Joan, his legs tightly yet comfortably crossed, just as Joan's were. He looked down and blushed, hiding a sly smile when he thought about how his ability allowed him to physically change himself in a certain limited way. Gaining color rarely allowed one to change their body, making him one of a very rare few. His body could change in a way that made his relationship with Joan stronger, satisfying her wide range of sexual appetites in a way that very few individuals could.
Hugh rubbed away a tear that welled up and wrapped things up with a last few words. "Jordan would also like to ask all of you for one last thing. He's not sure what to do with his ashes. He didn't plan on dying and it…." Hugh paused a moment, blushing. "It caught him with his pants down. Sorry but he insisted that I word it that way."
Everyone laughed.
Hugh waited a polite length of time for the laughter to end and finished by saying, "So he would like to ask you for ideas about what to do with his ashes. He'd like to be sprinkled in places that might give each of you some meaning and a fond way to remember him by. You can give the ideas to me and I'll be sure to relay them to him. And finally, he says thank you and goodbye."
Everyone clapped and Hugh smiled as Jordan whispered his personal thanks to the big man.

* * *

With the help of the funeral home, Hugh made many contacts to set up a new business that soon thrived. He communicated with the recently departed at funerals to help ease the emotional pain of grieving friends and family members. On the advice of several people, the large man used a sliding pay scale so that more people could afford his services. He actually made more money that way, enough to pay for a very nice home as well as the latest model hyper phone. Hugh couldn't be happier.
Hugh's house was large enough to share with Joan and Peter as well, at least until Joan's business grew enough for her to support herself. Colorizing flowers seemed to be in great demand so it looked as though it wouldn't take her long to make at least as much as Hugh.
Since it required so little energy to colorize flowers, Joan could keep up with the demand fairly easily. She paced herself and colorized on a regular schedule, getting rid of any backlog during the certain times of the year when the demand for flowers was lower. Nearly all of Hugh's basement was taken up by colorized flowers and grow lights, and he graciously added a large greenhouse for more room. Things were finally looking up for the last three commune members.
Joan fulfilled Jordan's request to colorize Linus, but the man left soon after, feeling too much shame to remain among them. They never did hear from him again or find out what his special ability was. All they could do was wish him well.

* * *

Hugh started a new hobby, one that required a large initial investment but not so much money to maintain it. He stood out on his large deck late one night with all of the lights out, looking through the eyepiece of a twelve inch telescope.
"Can you see it?" Jordan asked, invisible but lurking nearby as usual. "Can you see the asteroid everyone's talking about?"
"I think so. It looks somewhat close to the same color as the leaves on some of Joan's flowers, only a lot dimmer."
"Not very impressive then?"
"No. Not impressive."
The big man moved to one of his deck chairs and sat down heavily in it.
"Just wait for it, Hugh. I have a strong feeling that it'll be a lot more impressive once it gets closer."
"How can you tell? How can you even see?"
"It's odd. I don't know how to explain it. I can see things but it's nothing like when I was alive. Everything glows with energy. I see more like outlines of everything, or sometimes it's like photo negative prints. Color still looks different from gray. I can tell that much."
"Odd."
"Odd, indeed, my friend."
Hugh let his mind wander a moment, but he kept coming back to what would happen when the asteroid hit. Astronomers assured the public that it wasn't big enough to cause an extinction event like the dinosaurs, and they calculated that it would hit somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean so it wouldn't cause too much damage except possibly along the coast. Tsunamis could threaten some of the populated coastline around India, Africa and the Middle East. Indonesia and Australia might also be affected.
Jordan spoke to interrupt his friend's thoughts. "Have you thought about what will happen when it hits?"
"Yeah. I hope the tsunamis aren't too bad."
"I'm talking about long after it hits."
"Well… we all live happily ever after?"
"Very funny, Hugh. But I'm talking about its color. I have a feeling things will change. At the very least, we'll have more color on this gray planet. That'll be good."
"Hopefully."

Back to Table of Contents
The Nobody

By unanimous choice, Fred found himself virtually alone at one corner of a school lunch table. Two senior girls, both in cheerleader outfits, sat on the same side of his table but at the far end. Three more teens, two of the more popular girls with a tall, athletic boy between them, sat across from the two cheerleaders, the five of them sending mixed signals. They seemed to shun the lone boy, yet curiously, they still sat at the same table when there was plenty of room elsewhere.
An outside observer might have thought that the five students were bravely trying to fight peer pressure by sitting at the same table as the shunned boy, but it wasn't bravery that inspired them, it was vanity. The four girls and one boy knew what was coming and they hoped to benefit from it. It all came down to Fred's special gift.
At first glance, Fred's color wasn't obvious. He nearly always wore gray clothing with overly long sleeves to hide his hands, and his black hair didn't give him away. Only his brightly colored eyes and the occasional blush of his pale cheeks showed the world that he was quite different. His camouflage was pointless though. Everyone at school knew he had color. He was the only one in the northern half of the state who had it.
"Color's wasted on him," the girl at the opposite corner whispered, loudly enough that everyone at the table heard her.
The others in her group kept quiet and watched with looks of anticipation on their faces.
The lone boy ate as quickly as his compulsive habit allowed him, but forcing himself to chew thirty five times for every bite of food slowed him down too much. He couldn't hope to finish his lunch before the Gang of Doom arrived, fashionably late, as always. There was really no escape anyway. They'd get him one way or another.
The Gang of Doom was Fred's private nickname for the three students who made his life hell. Karen, Stacey, and Francine pushed him to the limit in order to get a certain special reaction that would benefit the three of them and anyone else within range of Fred's ability. As soon as the three girls entered the lunch room, dozens of students scooted over on the cold, metal bench seats in the general direction of the colorized boy, trying to get closer to him. The girls noticed and smirked as they sauntered up to their victim, with Stacey and Francine moving to stand just behind Karen, their leader. Stacey held a small white paper bag in one hand and Francine blew kisses to the crowd until Karen gave her friend a light slap on the arm and then cleared her throat to get everyone's attention.
"Welcome to the Friday Freak Show!" the lead girl shouted. She sported long, straight hair in the same bright shade of gray as the sun, and she carelessly brushed some of it back with one hand for dramatic effect.
The lunch room erupted with cheers. Even the currently designated teacher who policed the students during lunch cheered as he edged closer to the spectacle.
"Today's theme," Karen continued as she reached into the white bag that Stacey held out to her with both hands, "is fast food. Behold! The French fry!" She held up a single French fry and everyone oohed and ahed loudly with mock amazement. With an ear-to-ear smile, the leader of the Gang of Doom suddenly squished the french fry into Fred's hair. Then she paused a moment as she bent over and cocked her head to inspect her handiwork. When the boy's special ability didn't kick in, she ruffled his hair a little and again, waited.
He gave no reaction other than to duck his head a little and continue his quick, deliberate chewing.
"Okay!" Karen shouted. "I should've known it'd take more than a single French fry to break him. I do believe our boy is becoming a man!"
The audience laughed, and it even got a short huff out of Fred before he resumed his chewing count.
"Let's try the full fry treatment then." She reached into the white bag and pulled out a small, grease-stained paper bag stuffed full of French fries, holding it over her head to show everyone. After waiting for the cheers to die down, she upended the little bag over her victim, showering him with fries to the delight of the crowd.
After she still didn't get any reaction, Karen frowned, but she wasn't angry. She saved the best for last. "And for my last trick, I give you…." She slowly reached in the bag to pull out a large cup. She removed the lid and held it high in the air before finishing with, "The mighty milkshake!"
The lunch room erupted with the loudest cheers yet.
Fred flinched but continued to eat.
Karen spared Fred a quick glance, just to be sure he played the good sport, or willing victim. Satisfied for the moment, she waited until the cheers died down to a dull roar and slowly moved the milkshake over the boy's head as she spoke. "Vanilla milkshake! Meet the ultra dull vanilla boy!" With that, she tipped the milkshake just a little, allowing a single large drop to splatter the top of his head. She'd hoped it would be enough. She had a sudden craving for a vanilla milkshake and wanted to drink the rest of it.
Still no reaction.
Fuck it. Her mouth twisted into a wry smile, and she quickly tilted the cup, pouring the runny milkshake onto the boy's head.
Fred hunched down from the sudden shock of cold and just managed to finish his current chew count before swallowing what would be the last bite of his lunch that day. Thick drops splattered the floor and everything around him including his food, and his ruined meal became the tipping point for his special ability.
As it always happened when his ability activated, the boy with color shuddered for several seconds and then shouted out a very short scream. The result was spectacular. Instead of the previous twenty foot radius, his current burst of power filled the whole lunch room and everyone in it. Everyone and everything in the room glowed with vivid colors.
One could hear a pin drop as Fred slowly recovered, blinking out drops of milkshake from his eyelashes. The glowing colors rendered the entire crowd speechless, and they spent the next several minutes examining themselves and each other. Even Karen and her cronies still weren't used to their colored appearance, in spite of having triggered Fred's special ability several dozen times over the course of the school year. The much larger area of effect added to everyone's surprise too.
The colors from his special ability didn't work the same way as when he simply touched something. When anyone with color touched something, they temporarily gave it regular color for about twice as long as they touched it. If they wore a striped shirt for eight hours, they could take it off and it would keep its colored stripes for the rest of the day. His special colors differed in two ways. Not only did they glow, they always lasted a full day. One splash of his ability, and everything around him glowed with all different colors for twenty four hours.
No one thanked him. They never thanked him. They barely noticed him after his ability triggered. The lanky boy wadded up his glowing brown lunch bag, stalked over to the trash can, threw his bag in it as hard as he could and marched out of the lunch room. The trash can was very nearly full to cushion the boy's lunch bag. There wasn't much noise and no one really noticed him leave. The goofy grins on all of their faces indicated that they wouldn't be noticing much of anything other than their glowing color for quite some time.
Compared to his colorized school mates and teacher, he really was quite plain. He never glowed with color. His ability didn't affect his body or the clothes he wore, only those things within range that he wasn't touching. The others could light up a dark room but shut him in a dark room and no one would see him. They rarely noticed him anyway. They only noticed him for a humiliating few minutes once each week. He was a nobody. He was hopelessly trapped by his compulsions into being a nobody with color.

* * *

After leaving the lunch room, Fred took a short detour to the restroom to clean himself. He left the restroom wearing a damp shirt with his wet hair dripping onto his shoulders, leaving him slightly less chilled than his milkshake shower. The act of washing distracted him from his recent humiliation at the very least. He didn't like the deviation from his normal routine, though he had to admit to himself that he felt better for doing it.
He'd removed his shirt in the restroom, loosely rolled it up and ran it under the faucet before wringing it out as best he could. As he'd worked, he'd looked in the mirror over the sink, inspecting the large, faceted amethyst pendant that hung on a black silk cord around his neck.
He always kept the gemstone in contact with his skin to make sure it would hold its deep vibrant color. He hadn't taken it off for many years so the stone would keep its color for twice that many more years if he ever decided to take it off and give it away, or when he died. The amethyst was his only colored indulgence, and only because it was easily hidden. The gemstone added beauty to his otherwise ugly existence. He actually loved his eyes more, and he gave them some attention in the mirror, but he never needed a mirror to appreciate his pendant.
The boy occasionally wondered how people would react if all gemstones had permanent color. Being gray, none of the stones really stood out, and they all cost about the same amount. Only the hardness and clarity of the stone really made a difference in the asking price. No one could appreciate the rarity of a ruby or emerald when all of the stones came in shades of gray. But if they had different colors, their cost would likely vary by a lot more. If some of the best colors were rare enough, demand would cause their prices to soar.
He'd finished wringing out as much water as he could and had taken a moment to smile at his prized pendant. Then he'd pulled his shirt over his head. The cold, damp shirt had clung to his skin but it had been better than the sticky residue from the milkshake. He'd briefly considered doing the same cleaning job with his black jeans and dismissed the idea. His jeans hadn't been splattered enough to cause any major discomfort. They could wait until he got home.
He gave his eyes a last look and left the restroom, continuing on to his little sanctuary in the school library. What he considered to be his own personal chair called to him from the far corner of the triangular reading area of the library. He zigzagged through the maze of tables and chairs and quickly plopped down onto the padded wooden chair to think. As usual, he started by remembering his fateful encounter with the girl who would go on to torture him.
The first encounter with Karen had been a little over two years ago and it had been brief. Neither of the two had been paying enough attention to where they were going, and while they headed in opposite directions in the school hallway, they collided. Fred staggered back a couple steps and Karen, who'd been walking much faster, had more momentum and only slowed a little as she tried to push her way through him. It hadn't been all that difficult because Fred had been much smaller at the time.
"Out of my way, colored freak!" she'd yelled.
The incident had been enough to trigger his special ability for the very first time. He'd shuddered and shrieked, and when he'd finished, Karen and part of the floor had glowed with color. No one had names for colors, given how rare they were, but in another universe where colors were common, the girl could be described as having glowing blonde hair, blue eyes, the same shade of blue as Fred's, and a mix of purples, blues and black in her clothes. The glowing colors mesmerized everyone, including Fred.
Back then, he'd only recently developed color and hadn't yet discovered his ability. The results of his awkward encounter had come as a shock, even though the area of effect had started out very small, covering only Karen and a colored oval about ten feet long by six feet wide, centered about him on the tiled floor. Again, according to that other, very colorful universe, the oval could be described as glowing a light green.
The janitors had hated that colored oval, not knowing that it would be gone in twenty four hours. They'd spent far too many hours treating it as a stain to be removed. None of their cleaners had affected it. They all muttered and swore at it until it went away.
After the next day when the glowing color faded, everyone wondered if or when something similar would happen again. The school buzzed with speculation, and several weeks later, it did happen again. Karen didn't cause Fred's second or even third color outburst. What caused those was having his compulsive routine disrupted. That upset him more than anything else, and it very often triggered his special ability, especially when it happened in front of others. Having witnesses made a big difference, making him feel like a failure.
Karen found a way to trigger the boy's ability soon enough. She'd been motivated to figure it out because she wanted to experience the effects again. Glowing with color briefly made her the star of the school and she wanted more. She watched and waited until she saw a pattern that to her seemed to involve humiliation of some sort. Then she planned and struck. She didn't have it exactly right but she was close enough to get the color she craved.
All of her subsequent brushes with color came in the lunch room. She watched Fred go through his regular routine at lunch and knew she had him. She recognized obsessive-compulsive behavior when she saw it. His own compulsions would set the trap and she'd take full advantage of it. Her only limitation was her creativity. She even had a term for what she did to the poor boy, calling it creative bullying. It didn't matter to her that she was a bully. Glowing with color became her obsession. She included two of her closest friends so they could share some of the fame and the rest was history.
Wishing that the initial encounter with Karen had never happened wasn't an option. Fred didn't really believe in magic. Even though many of those with color had wonderful special abilities, he'd never heard of anyone having the power to grant wishes. But he did wonder how different his school life might be if he could only go back and change a few minor details, and he always did so in the library during the last part of his lunch period. The combinations were endless and his musings fascinated him enough to become yet another of his many compulsions.
His first change to reality would've been having the ability to permanently give Karen glowing color. That would've gotten her out of his hair. He'd picked up the idea after reading an article about an old man who could permanently give color to people. Unfortunately though, the old man had been murdered because of his ability. Permanently giving Karen color wouldn't be a good long-term solution. Others would eventually come, some wanting color and some wanting him dead, just like the old man. He gave up on that idea.
He tried adding unpleasant aftereffects to his ability, starting with acne and escalating to things like a change in gender and rapid aging. That slowed Karen down in his imagination but it never completely stopped the problem. As long as his special ability could create such a remarkable effect, people would desire it, and that led him to imagine having slightly different abilities. When he thought of making Karen glow all one color, he sighed. She'd look wonderfully ridiculous. 
If only wishes could come true.
It was good that the glowing color was temporary, but it was too bad he had to be bullied to trigger the splashes of color. It was also too bad that he couldn't imagine having a different trigger for his ability. He had a bit of a blind spot when it came to his compulsive nature. It seemed so normal and comfortable to him that he didn't question it.
So tragic. His compulsions ruled him, playing perfectly into Karen's selfish plans to get color, and no one stopped her because virtually everyone in the school wanted color.
Even color haters craved the glowing colors. The glow made the colors just different enough that they didn't trigger the usual bigotry. It also helped that there were no freakish abilities that came with the color, and the effects didn't last. Glowing in color for twenty four hours became a guilty pleasure, so the whole school turned a blind eye to the bullying.
At least Fred had one bright spot in his life. It concerned his contemplation of the future. He could tolerate a break in his routine when he thought about graduating from high school. He'd leave his current school and go to college, where he could make a fresh start, far from the Gang of Doom. He also had a sudden thought about Karen going through color withdrawal, and for the first time in a very long while, he smiled.
His imagination had great timing. The first warning bell sounded to signal the impending end of the lunch period just as the corners of his mouth returned to their usual position. He had five minutes before a second warning bell signaled the start of the next class. With a heavy sigh, he left his favorite library chair and walked to his World History classroom.

* * *

World History had never seemed so upsetting to Fred. Students with glowing color kept filtering in late to class, disrupting the lecture and frustrating the teacher, Mr. Patterson, to no end. If Fred hadn't already used his ability for the week, he would've filled the room with color.
When the first glowing student entered, on time, Mr. Patterson gave her an appreciative stare that stopped just short of being creepy. When the second and third colorful students arrived less than a minute before class was to start, the teacher briefly glanced at them, raising an eyebrow, and then did a double take when he realized the room was half empty. But he stubbornly started his lecture, only to have it interrupted over a dozen times by late students who glowed with color. After warning a girl for giggling a third time, he finally threw up his hands in defeat.
"It's World War Three!" he proclaimed loudly, looking up at the ceiling.
"No," stated a gray girl who sat near the back. "It's the colored zombie apocalypse."
That caused a few laughs but the gray girl wasn't laughing. She was seriously angry, as much for missing out on getting color as for the annoying disruption of her favorite class.
Only seven of the students in the room lacked glowing color. They had the earlier of the two lunch periods and they all glared with envy at the colorful majority while making a point to ignore Fred. He didn't glow and he couldn't make them glow, not for another week and not unless they could switch to his lunch period. He was useless to the envious minority, and his gray clothes made him effectively invisible.
Between classes, the invisible boy marched through the hallways, annoyed at having to detour around so many students who were giddy with color, and annoyed even more during class. Each class followed the same pattern of late students. The disruptions threatened to become routine, but they weren't under his control. He didn't like it and he couldn't wait to leave it all behind and escape to his bedroom for the weekend. He'd do his homework, read and do some computer programming, all according to a set schedule. On holidays, he scheduled some playing of older arcade games, only because a lot of them followed certain patterns that he could follow to get very high scores. He loved patterns in video games.
When school ended, Fred suppressed an urge to cheer and marched home, taking the same route he always took. He made it home exactly on time, grabbed a snack out of the fridge that he'd prepared before school and counted steps as he ascended to his bedroom, where he'd only come out for breakfast, dinner and bathroom breaks.

* * *

The Friday night party of glowing students started early and roared with loud music and drunken, puerile boasts well before sundown. By unwritten law, the students held the party in the house of a student whose parents were gone for the weekend. That left them free to indulge in cheap beer, loud music, and sex, until the police broke up the party for disturbing the peace.
The Gang of Doom arrived more than fashionably late to the party to make sure the darkness of night would emphasize their color. They wanted to make a grand entrance and didn't bother knocking, though they didn't really have to knock. The door was wide open, and yet they had trouble getting in. They had to step over a colorful boy who'd passed out from too much alcohol just inside the entry way.
They didn't wear any perfume like the vast majority of the girls did. They didn't want it to distract from their color. When no one had color, scent became the best way to stand out. With color, especially glowing color, a person had no need for scent. Glowing color definitely beat scent, both for its novelty and its intensity. The only problem the girls had was competing with a house full of other teens who had glowing color. They did realize that, but Karen still thought she could outshine the others with her creative sense of fashion and experience with color. She just needed the good timing and an audience, things that proved difficult to get.
It didn't take long to realize that they'd underestimated the intensity of the party. Soon after she entered the living room, Karen wrinkled her nose in disapproval. She wanted to see how they were handling their color and at first glance, things looked promising. It didn't look like anyone else would win any awards for creativity. No one had tried to mix and match the newly colored clothes to improve their look. No one created decorations from any of the school materials or foods that had been colorized in the lunch room. Unfortunately, what she ultimately saw was an out of control party, complete with dozens of empty gray beer bottles and drunken bodies scattered across almost every available flat surface, including the floor. The gaudy mishmash of colored clothes made her look good, but it didn't matter. No one noticed her.
As the newcomers continued moving throughout the house, no one paid much attention to them. They barely earned a couple of nods in acknowledgement, and that upset Karen more than anything else. Everyone had treated her almost like royalty for all of the previous times that she glowed with color. She felt cheated, and it didn't take her long to decide that she'd seen enough. If she wanted to see a real show, she could always strut in front of her full-length mirror in her bedroom to marvel at her blonde hair, blue eyes and color-coordinated outfit. She always made sure to swap clothes with her colorized friends and mix in any gray clothes of her own that matched. It usually worked out well given Stacey's black hair and Francine's brown hair. They all looked best with different color combinations.
"Color is wasted on these bozos," Karen said.
Stacey smirked and added her own twist. "Nah. I think these bozos are wasted on color."
"Clever, Stace. Let's just get out of here."
Stacey nodded but quickly frowned when she noticed that Francine wasn't following in her shadow as usual. "Where's Francy?" she asked.
Karen looked around and finally saw the third member of their gang, standing next to a tall jock with glassy eyes and chattering away to him. She stomped across the room and quickly tapped Francine on the shoulder. "Let's go, Francy."
Francine turned and whined as she spoke. "Do we have to? I was just getting warmed up." She leaned in close to her friend and whispered, "Isn't he cute?"
Karen snorted. "He's drunk off his ass, and you're wasting your time. You can stay if you like but I don't think he's really listening to you. He looks like he's ready to pass out."
Sure enough, the boy's eyes rolled back in his head and he collapsed on a couch behind him. He'd been lucky he was standing so close to the couch or he could've been seriously injured.
Francine sighed and followed her two friends out into the night.
Karen stormed ahead with her two friends walking along behind her. They had a couple of blocks to travel, the closest they could get with all of the cars parked along the road for the party. When they got well between the widely spaced street lights, where it was darkest, they couldn't help but notice that the glow from their color extended around them to light their way.
They continued on and slipped quietly into Karen's car, driving away to make plans for next week's Friday Freak Show. The next one would definitely be toned down to reduce the area of effect. Karen had been Queen of the Party for too long. She wasn't ready to give up her crown by sharing color with commoners.
The party queen regretted her last bullying incident. She'd stepped it up a notch, hoping that the color might last longer, but the area of effect increased instead. She'd find out the next day that nothing budged the twenty four hour time limit.
After lunch that day, she felt like she completely understood Fred's special ability, but she still didn't get that it wasn't the bullying so much as it was the interruption of his compulsive routine, and she certainly wouldn't have guessed that the bullying had become part of his routine. His ability could very well trigger even if she didn't show up in the lunch room next Friday. The anticipation and anxiety of waiting for her would likely upset him more than enough. The poor boy didn't have a chance.

* * *

Next Friday at lunch had Fred back at the same corner of the same table with no one else sitting near him. No one thought they'd have to be all that close in order to get color. They hadn't been informed about the Gang of Doom's latest plans.
The gang of three girls sauntered up to Fred's table as usual, but this time, there was no bag of fast food. None of the girls carried anything. Everyone knew that Karen didn't like repeating herself, and still, they nervously looked at each other, wondering if they'd be getting color that day.
One student shifted on his bench seat closer to Fred and virtually the whole lunch room followed his lead.
Karen glanced around the room when she heard everyone shifting in their seats. Then she smirked at the crowd before quietly pulling a small, clear squirt gun out of her cleavage. There was no banter to go along with the act and those who sat at adjacent tables could see that the squirt gun was likely filled only with ordinary tap water. The crowd grew increasingly more anxious.
The lead girl went on with her show. She bent over and first blew three quick puffs into Fred's left ear. Then she tried it again with his right ear. She paused to check for a reaction and got nothing so she aimed the squirt gun at his right ear before squirting three quick shots.
The boy flinched slightly but kept chewing, and counting.
Karen smiled and aimed the squirt gun at his mouth, but she frowned when she saw that he kept his mouth closed when he chewed. She didn't have a good shot there. After remembering that he didn't wear glasses, the target changed to the boy's right eye and she fired one test squirt.
Again, he flinched but kept chewing, and counting.
The bully fired off a burst of three squirts into his same eye and again, he flinched but kept chewing. After that, she decided it was time to add a little showmanship.
"Yes," she said, loudly addressing the crowd. "I'm starting slow. He's being tough though… a tough nut to crack."
With that, she quickly aimed the gun into his lap and almost immediately squirted him several times between the legs to make it look like he wet himself. It didn't stop him from eating though, so she still didn't trigger his ability.
Wow. How could that fail?
She paused to remember last week's show and remembered that she splattered his food with the milkshake. Ruining his food hadn't been a common theme in her bullying but she'd run out of other ideas for the squirt gun. She really thought that squirting him between the legs would do the job.
Karen took aim and with the last several shots, sprinkled the remainder of his sandwich that he kept neatly placed on a large paper napkin in front of him. That did it.
Fred could eat the rest of his lunch but a little less than half of his sandwich was suddenly rendered inedible as far as he was concerned. His strict routine had again been disrupted in a small way so he shuddered and shrieked as he sent out a correspondingly small burst of his power. In that moment, Karen and her two friends were the only three people to be hit with glowing color.
In her mind, Karen had just been crowned the school party queen again, but the crowd had other ideas.
"What the hell was that?" a girl named Debbie said in a loud voice. The high school senior sat at the table just behind Fred, wearing her cheerleader uniform. "Where's our color?"
The glowing threesome nervously looked around and bumped into each other trying to edge away from the growing hostility that came from all directions. They couldn't escape.
Debbie sprang up from her seat and quickly moved into Karen's personal space, the girls nearly touching noses. "I'd advise you not to come to the party tonight," the angry girl said. "Not if you value your modesty." She then flashed an evil looking grin and hooked a finger into the glowing girl's neckline, giving the fabric a short, strong snap as she pulled her finger back.
Karen gulped. The meaning of Debbie's gesture was all too clear. If the cheerleader didn't get color, then she'd settle for stripping off Karen's glowing clothes and wear them for color. The two girls were close enough in size and Debbie was athletic and strong enough to get her way.
The Queen of the Party's reputation had just suffered a hit that spelled the end of her reign, and she and her two friends slunk out of the lunch room without another word.
Debbie watched them go with a grim, satisfied smile and then gently sat down next to Fred. "Be ready the next couple Fridays," she told him. "It's two weeks before graduation and I expect to have color at the ceremony on graduation night." With that, she got up and went back to her own table to finish her lunch.
The boy with color had recovered from splashing the Gang of Doom with color, and while Debbie spoke to him, he'd been covering the last bit of wet sandwich in the large napkin. After he finished that, he continued eating the rest of his lunch like nothing happened. He'd go on to the library as usual and go through his usual routine of thought experiments involving Karen and his special ability, not fully realizing that his routine would be significantly different next time. There'd been a figurative changing of the guard and more changes were coming.

* * *

Changes were in store for the Gang of Doom as well as Fred. After they got their color, they ended up out in the parking lot, sitting in Karen's car. They normally stayed in the lunch room for a little celebration of sorts. None of them felt like celebrating though, not after all of the hostility they'd just had directed at them.
"What do we do now?" Stacey asked, sitting in the front passenger seat next to Karen with Francine in the back.
"I don't know, Stace," the leader said, staring out into space through the windshield. "We got a bit carried away and lost our rep. Not much we can do about that."
"What about poor Fred?" Francine asked from the back.
Karen turned to glare at her friend. "What about him?"
"Are we just gonna give up and leave him to the wolves?"
The other girls snorted.
"Honey," Stacey said. "We are the wolves."
"Yeah," Karen agreed. "We weren't very nice to him in our selfish quest for color."
"Wow," Stacey's eyes widened in surprise. "I never thought I'd hear that from you."
"What? I've got a conscience. I've never felt all that great about bugging the hell out of him. I just couldn't seem to help myself." She held a glowing colored sleeve up and stared at it. "This is so addicting."
Stacey quietly nodded agreement and the girls lapsed into an awkward silence until Francine spoke up again. "So what about Fred? We treated him like… well, shit. Shouldn't we do something to make it up to him? You know, karma and all that. It'll come back and scratch us or something if we don't, right?"
The other two girls laughed.
"You know what?" Stacey said after getting control of herself. "I think Francy is right. We should do something."
"Like what?" Karen asked, going back to staring out through the windshield.
"You're the creative one of the group," her black-haired friend told her. "Think of something."
"But he's such a nerd… geek… I don't know. He's got color and yet…." The blonde leader trailed off, struggling to make sense of the boy.
"He's a nobody," Stacey said, completing the thought.
"Yeah."
"I think he's mental," Francine added.
The other two girls snorted.
"No, seriously. I think he's got some condition or something. He seems so particular about everything he does, like he's stuck in a rut or something. It doesn't seem right."
"Yeah," Karen said. "He is rather obsessive-compulsive. Maybe he needs professional help. What if we talked to his parents?"
"Like they care? If his behavior at home is anything like it is at school, they'd have to have noticed by now if they were decent parents."
"Yeah."
Stacey continued, "It could be a big problem because I don't think you can force treatment on someone, even if they really need it. It's sad when their condition doesn't leave them with good enough judgment to accept treatment."
"That's stupid," Francine said quietly.
"Yeah."
They lapsed into silence again, with Karen occasionally checking the digital clock in her car, waiting until five minutes before the next class was to start before she spoke. "I'll try to think of something." With that, the three of them hurried out of the car and back into the school.

* * *

On the Friday a week before graduation, Fred sat alone at the corner of his usual table, counting and chewing each bite of lunch. He continued to follow his same routine, surprising no one. Something surprised him though. Karen slid onto the bench seat next to him and Stacey and Francine popped up out of nowhere to sit directly across from him at the same table.
"Hi, Fred," Karen said, looking sideways at him while she pulled the paper wrapping from a chocolate muffin.
Fred flinched and barely suppressed a whimper, but he continued to look straight ahead between Stacey and Francine while he counted and chewed his current bite of sandwich.
"Don't worry," the leader said. "We're not going to mess with you. We just want to sit and eat lunch with you. Is that okay?"
The boy wanted to stop and tell them that it wasn't okay. Then he thought how lonely he'd been and wanted them to stay. But he wouldn't interrupt his current bite of food and he wouldn't talk with his mouth full. His compulsions wouldn't let him do anything but follow his routine.
"Hey. It's okay. I see you chewing. I like that you're too polite to talk with your mouth full." She smiled and though he tried not to notice, he could see her smile in his peripheral vision. The situation started to confuse him and he did whimper, just once. He might have continued whimpering for a short time but someone else decided to join the conversation.
"What the hell is this?" Debbie shouted as she tried to launch herself from a neighboring lunch table. Her food tray went sliding across her table and fell to the bench seat and then to the floor with a loud clatter, making everyone in the room go quiet for the longest few seconds.
The normally graceful cheerleader shook her head at herself for her clumsiness before swearing again and moving over to Fred's table, standing next to Karen.
"Hello, Debbie," Karen said, turning her head to face the girl. "Nice day, isn't it?"
"What the hell are you up to, bitch?"
"Who says I have to be up to something? Maybe I just want to have a nice, quiet lunch with my friends."
Debbie's mouth opened silently and her eyes widened in shock for a few seconds before she suddenly started laughing.
"That's good," the cheerleader said after collecting herself. "But I don't believe it for a second. You snuck in here without me noticing. That's fine. Then you sidled up to the amazing color boy here, again without me noticing. That's not so fine, unless you're planning on getting him to give us all color."
Fred continued to eat during the whole exchange, but the words did register. He couldn't help but hear them and wonder. It almost sounded like they were fighting over him. That ridiculous thought got a snort out of him, briefly stopping the conversation as everyone turned to look at him.
Debbie recovered first and turned back to Karen to ask, "Well? Are you going to get him to give us all color or not? If not, then get the hell out and leave it to me."
"Oh? Were you going to harass him then? I'd rather you didn't."
"Oh… my… God!" Debbie said, fuming. "Am I hearing right? You're actually going to defend him now? Seriously? After humiliating the holy hell out of him for like two years?"
"What's wrong with defending him? My friends and I just decided to turn over a new leaf. We decided that Fred here needs a friend. He needs to be treated like a human being and we need to start acting like human beings ourselves."
"Bullshit! I call bullshit!"
Karen shook her head and tut-tutted. "Has anyone ever told you that you have a foul mouth?"
That did it. Several things happened nearly simultaneously then. Stacey and Francine started laughing uncontrollably, Debbie screamed with rage and the most amazing thing happened when Fred suddenly stopped chewing on his twelfth bite and stood up. It might have seemed impossible that his ability wasn't triggered at that moment, but since he interrupted himself under some very unusual circumstances, he managed to avoid using his ability. Talk of friendship and having Karen defending him overwhelmed the poor boy. His need for friendship outweighed his need for routine. His compulsive routine was a poor substitute for having a real life.
"Please!" he shouted, holding up his hands in a placating gesture. Then, more quietly, he said, "Please stop fighting."
Again, silence filled the lunch room for a brief moment, until Francine spoke up. "Hey! You spoke! You can speak!"
"What?" he said. "Yes, of course I can speak."
"But you never say anything," Francine insisted.
"That's because I have no one to talk to, and when I do get attention, it's because everyone is intent on humiliating me for a measly day of color."
"Guilty," Karen muttered quietly.
Francine shook her head. "You sound so normal," she told him.
"Thank you. Now may I get back to my lunch?"
"Okay by me."
"Me too," Karen said.
"And me," Stacey added.
"Wait a minute," Debbie said slowly before shouting, "Wait a minute! What the hell is going on?"
Karen wanted to recommend an anger management class, but she responded with something equally unwise instead. "What part of acting like a human being don't you understand, Debbie dear?"
Debbie completely lost her composure then. Her fingers found themselves tangled in Karen's hair and she hissed and screamed more like an animal than a person. It indirectly answered Karen's question and it led to an entertaining phenomenon known as a food fight when Karen pushed Debbie back into a boy sitting at another table. The boy bent forward and planted his face in a plate of mashed potatoes and chicken fried steak. He didn't like the steak much so he grabbed a handful of it, throwing it in a random direction since he couldn't see very well with mashed potatoes covering most of the top half of his face. The thrown bit of steak hit another boy in the back of the head and the craziness began in earnest.
It wasn't long into the food fight before Fred's lunch was grabbed by another boy for ammunition. The compulsive boy finally had enough then. He lost his composure and his special ability erupted like never before, stopping the food fight and causing enough attention for the school that the local television station sent a news crew to investigate, followed by several teams of lawyers to sort out charges of bullying and assault. It would take longer than a week to sort out, but a week was all the school had until its senior class was to graduate. What was a school to do?

* * *

Before the school janitors were called in to clean everything, glowing colored food covered almost every square inch of the lunch room, except for the ceiling. The ceiling was only about half covered. The students laughingly described the aftermath of the food fight as a drunken color orgy. The janitors referred to it as colored vomit. They hated it. The mix of glowing colors from both the food and the surfaces underneath made it difficult for them to tell when the room was properly cleaned. They had to go over everything three or four times, and having to endure twenty four hours of riotous color made them swear enough that it became legendary.
The news crew arrived over an hour after the food fight had been cleaned up. Still, they had quite a sight when they arrived. The entire school radiated with color, and after night fell, the sight would be even more amazing as glowing color lit up the area. The entire series of school buildings glowed, as did a lot of the grounds. Trees, flowering shrubs and a sizable area of grass displayed bright greens, browns, pinks, reds and purples. It was unprecedented, for them at least. That didn't mean it hadn't happened before, but the previous recipients of Fred's special ability didn't usually advertise to the whole town. The glowing teens were students who preferred to limit their reputation to the school. The color lasted briefly enough and happened infrequently enough that Fred and his ability stayed out of the news, mostly.
For the rest of that afternoon and well into that evening, the school and dozens of students were video taped in all of their glory. The size of the affected area and brightness of the colors couldn't be kept hidden, but thanks to Fred's well-connected parents, the face and full name of their son remained hidden to protect him.
In spite of a very powerful burst of his ability, Fred still didn't glow with color, making it easy for him to slip away and get home. No one paid much attention to the relatively drab looking boy. He actually got home early too. Thanks to the epic food fight, all the glowing colors and his two influential parents, school ended early. It disrupted the boy's routine but he didn't mind so much. It relieved him to get home after everything that happened.
His parents got home not long after he did, which bothered him a little. It wasn't like them to get home so early. He couldn't know about all of the phone calls and brief visits to the right people that they'd made to protect him that day. They planned their last visit to be in the neighborhood so they could get home early.
When Fred heard the front door of his house open, it concerned him enough to break his routine. He stopped fingering his amethyst pendant through his shirt, a habit he'd picked up while reading, and activated the power saver on the computer before getting up from a well-padded desk chair. He moved to listen at his bedroom door, breathing a sigh of relief when he soon heard a familiar voice.
"Frederick!" his father called from the base of the stairs. "Come down here, please! Your mother and I would like a word with you!"
The boy opened the door to his bedroom and counted his way down sixteen steps before arriving in the living room. He stopped in front of the couch where his parents sat together, his legs shoulder width apart and his hands clasped behind his back.
Fred's tall, colorless father, Derek, sat dressed in black pants and a crisp white dress shirt. He didn't like gray. The man looked up at his son and smiled. He saw so much of himself in his son's face, and he liked to see the color, except this time he noticed something different.
"Are you okay, Son? You look a little pale."
"I do feel a little tired," the boy said. "I think my special ability took a lot out of me today."
"Yes, well, you covered quite a large area this time. I hope this isn't going to be a regular occurrence."
"No, sir. I don't think so. Some girls were fighting over me and they started a food fight. Someone stole my lunch during the fight and it upset me enough to cover the whole school with color."
Fred's colorless mother, Maria, dressed all in black, as her husband preferred. It did look good on her with her black hair, and it made her skin look lighter, which she knew her husband liked. She perked up when she heard what caused the food fight. "Girls?" she asked. "What girls? And why were they fighting over you?"
"It wasn't romantic, Mother."
"So what was it then, dear?"
"It's… complicated."
"Oh?"
Derek interrupted then. "Please hold off, Maria. You can grill him about the girls later. We need to discuss the ramifications of today's incident."
"Right, dear." She deferred to her husband for the moment since they did have some important things to discuss, but the sparkle in her eye told Fred that she'd soon be asking him about the girls.
After a full fifteen minutes of lecturing, Derek started to wind down. "I hope you understand," he said. "We work hard to protect you. There are a lot of people with ill intent in the world. Believe me, I know."
"Yes, Father. I'm sure it can't be easy to work for a federal alphabet agency, for either of you."
Derek nodded, appreciating that his son didn't explicitly name his employers. "Too true. So does that mean you'll avoid those girls then?"
"Actually, I don't think so."
"What?" both parents said together.
"Explain yourself, Son," Derek said.
"I have to eat lunch and I'm not supposed to leave school grounds. It'll be difficult to avoid them in the lunch room."
"We'll make arrangements then. We can have an exception made."
"Please, sir, I'd rather you didn't. I… I haven't told you everything that's been happening at school. Some of the girls have been rather cruel to me for quite a long time."
Both parents frowned but they let their son continue.
"They've been cruel because it triggers my ability and they wanted to glow with color. It seems to make them popular. At least it did until recently."
"How long has this been going on?" Derek asked.
"A little over two years."
Maria gasped.
"I thought you were keeping a low profile?" Derek said with a stern look.
"I was!" He took a deep breath to steady himself. "I mean, I have been. I wear these drab clothes you make me wear. I keep to myself. I eat by myself. I have no friends. What else do you want me to do?" He very nearly cried then.
Maria's eyes brimmed with tears at her son's rare display of emotion, and Derek started getting angry, something rare for him.
"We have you wear colorless clothes for a good reason, Son."
Fred looked down at the gray carpet in front of the couch. He couldn't face his father as he quietly said, "Yeah. You're ashamed of me."
"What? No!" Maria shouted. "We're not ashamed of you!"
The boy sighed and continued to stare down at the carpet. "With your super secret jobs, I must have been an accident, so you cover me up with colorless clothes. I understand."
"Fred, honey, it's not like that." Maria paused to sniffle. "It's true that you weren't planned but you've always been wanted and loved." She bounced up off the couch and gave her son a fierce hug, speaking softly into his ear. "I guess we haven't said it enough. I love you, Fred."
The boy unclasped his hands behind his back and slowly returned the hug for several minutes before mother and son separated. Maria slowly sat back down, dabbing at her moist eyes and sniffling.
Derek cleared his throat. "We have you wear those clothes to make you less of a target," he said. "I thought you understood that."
Fred snorted. "Less of a target. That's a laugh. I've been nothing but a target for over two years. The clothes might help when I'm outside of school but everyone in school knows I have color. These clothes only help to mask my color for the rest of the week when I'm not bullied. I end up hiding alone in the library after I finish my lunch and I have no life. I'm a nobody."
Maria's eyes finally let loose with tears that trailed down both her cheeks. "You're not a nobody!" she said. "Please don't say that!"
"Keep it together, dear," her husband told her. "Remember your training."
She turned to her husband with fire as well as tears in her eyes. "I do keep it together. I keep it together all day at work. I'm careful, calm, and focused. And now, at home, when my son needs me, I'm going to be a caring mother and finally show some emotion. You could do with a little emotion yourself."
Derek raised one eyebrow but didn't say anything and Maria continued the conversation with her son. Something still didn't make sense.
"If the girls have been so cruel, why don't you avoid them?"
"Like I said before, it's complicated."
"So humor me. We've got all night if that's what it takes. I need to know if I'm going to help you. I'm just sorry I didn't realize sooner. Why didn't you say anything? How could you let this go on for so long?"
After soothing his mother, Fred explained how a group of three girls, the Gang of Doom, harassed him every Friday at lunch. It started out as a minor thing, and it didn't bother him all that much at first. The girls pushed him just enough to trigger his ability to affect just them and possibly a few others who happened to be close enough. They would then glow with color for a day and be a lot more popular at school. The bullying became part of a routine, and it was better than being completely ignored. It had only been the last couple weeks that things escalated enough to become a serious problem.
"I still don't understand why you don't try to avoid the girls if they bully you," his mother said. "And you didn't say anything about why they were fighting over you."
He went on to explain how the girls kept getting worse until he filled the whole lunch room and everyone in it with color two weeks ago. Once that happened, everyone wanted to keep getting color, but they didn't get it last week. The Gang of Doom selfishly wanted color only for themselves and they made sure that they were the only ones to get it. Their plan backfired though. They lost their popularity because everyone expected to get color again and got angry. After that, the three girls apparently did some soul searching and didn't like what they saw because they went from being the main bullies to being his defender and maybe even friends. It had been the most amazing turnaround, and that led to the fight over him to give everyone color, and the food fight, and the glowing school.
Maria gave him a sad smile. "So girls weren't exactly fighting over you. Some were fighting because they wanted to bully you so they could get color."
Fred hung his head low. The conversation lasted much longer than he liked and it emotionally exhausted him. "May I go back to my room now, please?"
Derek shook his head at the sad situation, mentally chastising himself for not seeing the problem earlier. "Go ahead," he told his son. "We're done here for tonight."
Maria disagreed. "What about graduation next week?" she said. "I want to make sure the school doesn't go crazy during the ceremony."
"We can work on it tomorrow and early next week," her husband said. "Let the boy rest."
Fred slowly trudged back up to his room, too tired to count the stairs as he went. He got ready for bed and sleep claimed him early. It was the best sleep he'd have for the next several days.
Anxiety promised to fill the first half of the week and it already began to weigh heavily on the boy and his parents. Everyone would be stressed until Derek and Maria made sure that their son would have a normal graduation ceremony.

* * *

Fred continued to avoid the limelight in spite of reporters arriving from all across the country. The news story went national and attracted a lot of attention. Some of the news agencies were quite aggressive, but thanks in large part to the colorful boy's parents and their powerful influence, the number of reporters surrounding the school dwindled to only a few by graduation day.
Lunch proved to be a somber affair that day, with three adult chaperones, dressed all in black, standing guard and the Gang of Doom sitting near the colorful boy at his usual corner of his usual table. No one had a chance of getting color during lunch.
Francine sat at the corner directly across from Fred and watched him eat with fascination. After a few minutes of study, she finally spoke. "Why thirty five?"
Fred cocked his head but kept chewing his current mouthful.
"Why do you chew every bite thirty five times? I've been watching. Why thirty five?"
The boy shrugged, and as soon as he swallowed, he answered, "It's supposed to be healthier to chew every bite at least that many times. I read it somewhere."
"What about soft foods like ice cream?"
Fred smiled. "You got me there. I suppose it's just a stupid habit in that case."
"Oh," the girl said, blushing a dark gray.
Occasional conversation between bites became part of a new routine during that week. The girls sat with him every day. They talked between themselves most of the time but they did involve the boy when they spoke of a topic that they thought might interest him. They made sure to include him as much as possible. That wasn't easy given how quiet he'd been. It would take a lot longer than a week to get to know him well. Still, they tried. That was the important thing.
Stacey sat next to Francine and waited for a pause in Francine's inane questions, timing her words just after the colorful boy swallowed. "Hey, Fred."
"Yeah?"
"Have you talked to your parents about those habits of yours?"
"What do you mean?" He took another bite and started his chew count.
"I mean it seems like you have an unusually large number of habits. It looks like you've got OCD, obsessive-compulsive disorder. I read about it. It's not healthy but it sounds like it can be fixed."
Fred swallowed and smiled. "I know about OCD, and yeah, I do tend to be compulsive. But I only started my habits out of boredom. I don't expect I'll need professional help, not with you guys giving me a reason to stop."
"What about chewing every bite thirty five times?"
"That's supposed to be healthy. Some of my habits are good. It's only the bad ones I need to worry about and you're already helping me break a couple of those, like no longer letting myself be bullied and giving you color."
Stacey blushed then.
Fred got two of the three Gang of Doom members to blush, but it wouldn't threaten to become a compulsive habit, and he wouldn't try to make Karen blush. He'd always show the three of them how truly grateful he was for their friendship. "Thanks for being my friends," he told the three of them, getting smiles in return.
Debbie, the angry cheerleader, sat at an adjacent table. She still sat close by on the off chance that she'd get glowing color. She overheard the conversation about friendship and got disgusted. "That's it," she said, getting up from her table. "I think I'm gonna be sick now."
The angry girl quickly left the room, and as soon as she did, Fred and the three girls all broke out laughing.
Karen turned to face her new friend sitting next to her and spoke up after the laughter died down. "Are you going to be okay at the ceremony tonight?" she asked.
"Yeah. Probably. Thinking about moving on to college is kind of scary for me but scary in a good way."
The girls all nodded and they broke into a long conversation about the colleges that they were considering. Fred continued his chew counts and told them his plans between bites. He'd be attending the nearby state university and he'd be commuting from home to minimize his expenses. He didn't want to start life with a crippling student loan debt. He surprised them with his wisdom and they started to rethink their own plans.

* * *

The last day of school moved quickly for the high school seniors. With no further schoolwork or tests required, they spent their class time signing each other's yearbooks and reminiscing. At the end of the school day, they left for home. That's when time slowed to a crawl.
Fred stood in the living room of his house, wearing his white cap and gown so his mother could take photographs.
"Hold still, Fred. Stop fidgeting."
The boy sighed. "Haven't you already taken enough? Any more than a dozen seems excessive to me."
"Oh, hush. I want to make sure I get a good one. It's not like I'll save them all."
He rolled his eyes and changed the subject. "Where's Father?"
"Don't worry. He'll be at the ceremony tonight. He's making sure nothing goes wrong tonight."
"Oh. That means more men in black then."
Maria smiled. "Something like that."
"At least they'll match nicely with our white cap and gowns."
She laughed. "That they will."
With next to no permanent color in the world, schools couldn't use colors to represent them. Most went with distinctive patterns of black and white instead. Fred's school, Blinkstone High, went against the trend, going with all white instead. It was less expensive for one thing, and it did stand out since most every other school used distinctive patterns. One school tried all black but the parents and large segments of the community protested and the school went back to it's mostly black pattern with a random pattern of large, white five-pointed stars. Some schools joked about using a Jolly Rodger or a complete skeleton on a black background but none of them followed through.
When the photo shoot finished, Fred changed out of his cap and gown and left with his mother to join their father for an early dinner. They had a great meal and a pleasant conversation that set everyone at ease. Derek left nothing to chance. The graduation ceremony would flow smoothly, with a sea of students in white gowns bordered by men in black. There would be no glowing color that night.

* * *

Just after sunset, the students gathered in their auditorium, filing into the rows of folding chairs set out on the stage. They'd be sitting in alphabetical order with the exception of the school valedictorian, who sat in the front so she could give a traditional speech.
Fred sat near the back very close to Stacey, and uncomfortably close to Debbie. The angry cheerleader watched every move that the boy made, and he noticed. It seemed like she was trying to intimidate him into letting loose with his special ability. It did make him nervous, but not enough to splash everyone with color.
Karen sat near the front with Francine close to the middle. The Gang of Doom was no longer a gang, and Fred was no longer the victim. They were all part of a normal graduating class of high school students, normal if one could call a large, armed presence of men in black normal.
A large number of men, dressed in tight, long-sleeved black shirts and black pants stood along the sides and back of the rectangular seating area. They stood facing the podium in the front and looked very serious, very professional, and very male.
A large percentage of female students couldn't help noticing the men. The distraction wasn't unwelcome if one went by the tone and quantity of sighs that came from the girls. Jealously affected a few boys but the majority of the male students studied the men in the hopes of learning something that might help them get a date. The men in black were mostly welcomed and needed to keep the peace.
When it came time for Fred to receive his diploma, everyone in his row got up from their seats and moved into the center aisle to form a line to the podium. The colorful boy heard his mother cheer for him and he tried unsuccessfully not to blush. Several flash cameras caught the moment but he continued walking nonetheless. Nothing would spoil his graduation night.
The boy heard his name announced as he arrived at the podium and he reached out as the principal of the school handed him his diploma. After receiving it, he performed the turning of the tassel, moving his cap's tassel from the right side to the left. Then he moved around the outside of the seating area like everyone else to return to his seat.
Everyone performed flawlessly, and after the last person returned to their seat with diploma in hand, the group of students suddenly stood and threw their caps high into the air as they cheered. They'd done it. They'd performed the special rite of passage called high school graduation that would launch them out into the world as young adults.
Debbie went through the motions along with everyone else, but she'd continued to glare at Fred, as if trying to will him into using his special ability. It wasn't working of course, but it was all she could do with all of the men in black watching. She looked away to throw her cap in the air along with everyone else, and when she went to retrieve her cap, she stood up with it in hand. The colorful boy did the same thing at the exact same moment, and they stood only a few paces apart, facing each other.
Time ground to a halt around the two teens. Even the men in black held their breath as they waited to see what the angry girl would do.
At first, the two enemies locked eyes with each other, with neither one of them uttering a sound for several seconds. Fred didn't wait for her though. He acted first and did the most amazing thing, disarming her with a warm, genuine smile.
The girl initially reacted with obvious shock on her face. But it wasn't long before she smiled a very different smile back to him. Hers was not a pleasant smile.
Fred shrugged it off and returned to his celebrating.

* * *

Fred's normal routine had been thoroughly destroyed once he graduated. There would be no going back, and he didn't care one bit. He graduated through his own efforts. He controlled the fact that his routine would be changing so it couldn't upset him. The teen only felt pride and more than a little relief knowing that he'd never have to suffer the cruelty of high school again.
As a young man, he looked forward to a new routine, one far from his old high school, figuratively at least, since he'd be living at home while going to a major university. He had mixed feelings about it though.
By mutual agreement, he'd part ways with the Gang of Doom after college started. Such was the way of youth. They'd all be distracted with whole new lives, scattering to the four winds with large distances between them. It wouldn't be practical or realistic to get together any more. They'd have their memories and they'd have each other's email addresses. They'd keep in touch for a time and try to give support as needed. It made Fred feel a little lonely and vulnerable just thinking about it.
Debbie, Fred's new nemesis, had plans of her own, and they wouldn't wait until the end of summer. They didn't include a lot of schooling but she would try a local community college for a couple years if nothing else. Her grades weren't good enough for much else. Her most important plans though, to her, involved a college boy named Kyle who she'd been going steady with for the past few months and what she'd do to keep him. Her boyfriend's eyes had been roaming as of late, and when she saw Fred smile at her, she knew just what she needed to help keep her boyfriend. She just needed more color. During those few times when she'd glowed with color, she'd held Kyle's rapt attention all night.

* * *

The week after graduation passed quickly for all of the graduating seniors except one. Fred sat at his computer desk in his bedroom on Friday night with nothing to do but read. His three new friends all had dates. A large number of teens had dates on Friday nights. He only had his trusty computer, which he'd start using to try a little job hunting on Monday. A little extra spending money might help him get out once in a while.
He read while fingering his amethyst pendant through his shirt as usual, finishing a story and moving on to sample some web comics when his mother's voice interrupted from downstairs.
"Fred! You have a phone call!"
The teen cocked his head. He wasn't expecting anyone to call, and if they did call, it would be on his hyper phone, not his home phone.
His parents always made sure he had the latest technology to help keep him safe. Hyper phones used higher dimensional space to maintain connections. Nothing short of a nuclear blast could disrupt them. The only problem with them was their incessant humming when someone spoke. If Fred could find a way to stop the humming, he'd make a fortune. It was something to occupy his mind when reading material was scarce.
The young man got up from his chair, left his cozy little bedroom, and padded down the stairs in his bare feet. He successfully resisted counting the stairs and tried to be at least a little spontaneous, anything to help him break some of his habits. He approached his mother holding out the phone in the living room with a big smile on her face.
"Who is it?" he whispered loudly.
His mother mouthed the words, "A girl," and quickly walked away after handing him the phone.
Fred rolled his eyes, thinking it was one of the old Gang of Doom members who called for a little sympathy after a date ended badly, though he couldn't understand why she didn't call him on his hyper phone. All three of them had his number.
"Hello?" he said.
"Hi," a girl's voice responded. "You probably don't remember me from school. My name is Kelly."
"Hm," he said, drawing it out to give himself time to try to remember her. "Sorry. I don't remember any girls named Kelly."
"That's okay. I'm a junior so we didn't have any classes together. I just remember you from lunch period. I remember how badly those girls treated you every Friday."
"Ugh," he said, frowning. "Please. Don't remind me."
"Yeah. Sorry. I know this is kind of awkward but I was hoping to try to get to know you better."
"What? Are you asking me out for a date?"
"Not really. Not yet anyway. It's just that, I don't want you to think I'm only interested in you for your color. I thought it might be better to get to know you over the phone first."
Fred cocked his head, confused but also a little flattered and pleased. "I see. I think I see. That's kind of… interesting… and different."
"I know it's strange. But your color can be distracting, you know? Can we just sort of have phone dates for a while? Please?"
"Sure. I guess. Does this one count?"
"Yeah!" she said, a smile coming through in the tone of her voice. "That's the spirit."
The two teenagers continued talking for nearly an hour, slowly getting to know each other as they talked about various things. They didn't exactly ask each other probing questions. They stuck to lighter subjects like the weather, summer plans, favorite books and movies, mostly inconsequential things just to keep the conversation flowing. Kelly did most of the talking and Fred was happy to let her.
Maria, Fred's mother, passed by occasionally to check up on him, giving him an encouraging smile each time. It embarrassed him a little but not enough to trigger his special ability. He quickly turned away from his mother each time to help him keep his composure.
Kelly finally made some excuse and quickly hung up, leaving the bemused young man to wonder about the mysterious ways of girls. He didn't get much talking in, didn't even get to give her his hyper phone number. The experience did leave him feeling quite happy though, almost giddy.
After a little grilling from his mother, he escaped back to his bedroom and tried to resume his light reading on the computer. He didn't get very far though. He couldn't focus and ended up pulling out his high school yearbook to look up the girl. Having a photo of the her face would help fuel his imagination for the endless daydreams that he planned to have. It promised to be the start of a wonderful new compulsive habit, with the phone dates themselves being yet another. The next phone date was scheduled for tomorrow night with many more promised to follow. Perhaps some might even be on his hyper phone so he could enjoy a little privacy.

* * *

The phone dates continued for the next several days, and they all pretty much went the same way, with idle conversation that didn't reveal a lot about either of them but passed the time very pleasantly for Fred. It wasn't until Thursday night's phone date that the young man felt something was wrong. At one point, Kelly paused and he heard what sounded like fierce whispering going on in the background. The girl sounded much less enthusiastic when she slowly resumed the conversation, leading him to think he'd done something wrong.
"Did I say something to upset you?" he finally asked, after a third awkward pause by the normally talkative girl.
"No. No. Not at all. I guess… I guess I'm not really satisfied with phone dates any more. I think it's time to meet you in person. Is that okay?"
"Sure!" he said, then checked himself when he thought he sounded a little too eager. "I'm mean, sure. I'd love to meet you. I have to confess that I was curious and looked up your photo in my yearbook. I think you're very cute. It makes me wonder how you'd look with color. You know what happens if I touch you, right?" He didn't need his special ability to give someone color. He could do it by simply touching them, just as he did with his amethyst pendant. The colors wouldn't glow but they'd be striking nonetheless.
"Yeah," she said, not sounding all that pleased. She asked to meet tomorrow for lunch in the north parking lot of the nearby super mall. She'd be sitting on one of the benches just outside the north entrance at noon. Fred agreed and the date was set.

* * *

Thanks to the generosity of his mother, Fred drove her shiny new black convertible sports car to the mall. He'd never heard of the car's make and model, a Durgon Wildcat, before his mother brought one home a few months ago, but he appreciated her letting him drive it. His mother insisted, saying that she could catch a ride with his father since they worked for the same agency. Normally, they drove separate cars in slightly different directions so the young man knew that his mother was going out of her way to help him make a good first impression.
Thinking about his mother's likely motivation made him reconsider his plans. He didn't want to impress Kelly with an expensive sports car. He wanted her to like him for who he was. His father taught him that lesson just a couple of years ago.
Building a relationship on a foundation of truth is the best way to a woman's heart, Son.
His father's statement seemed ironic given the business that his parents were in. Those in the spy business lived by deceit, didn't they? Still, his parents remained married, quite happily as far as he could tell, and he hoped he could be just as happy someday.
Kelly sounded like a nice girl, make that young woman. If he teetered on the edge of adulthood, he needed to think of his potential girlfriend as a young woman, and he'd make sure that he did. After several hours of phone calls, he felt like he knew Kelly fairly well already and he liked what he knew of her.
Sitting and talking with the former Gang of Doom gave him much needed confidence to carry on a conversation with young women. They gave him the gift of friendship and more. After a quick and dirty self-assessment, he thought he could stand to be a little more assertive and contribute more to his conversations with Kelly. Other than that, he felt ready to take his new friendship to the next level. He'd go out with her on a date, and after three dates, if everything went as well as he thought it could, he'd ask her to go steady. In his imagination, it was already a done deal.
He decided to trust his father's judgment more for the current situation. His mother meant well but he ended up changing his mind about where to park, leading him towards the east parking lot instead of the one on the north side.
The Wildcat's powerful engine purred to a stop in the shade of a large pine tree. The wide parking stall was far enough away that no one would be likely to park next to the car but was near enough to a parking lot entrance that the steady stream of cars coming into the lot would deter any likely car thieves. Fred's mother insisted on parking in a strategic location before she'd let him drive the car.
The young man got out, pressing the remote to hear the car alarm chirp twice before heading over to the east mall entrance. He decided to walk through the mall and do a little window shopping since he was twenty seven minutes early. It wouldn't look good to seem too eager.
The east part of the mall offered a large variety of clothing stores, most of which catered solely to women. The one sports shop stood out but Fred didn't care too much for physical activity, and he wasn't a fan of what he considered to be sloppy looking athletic clothes. He passed it and everything else by, ignoring the scattering of shops with artsy knickknacks, kitchenware and jewelry. A book store would've snagged his attention but the one book store in the mall was at the opposite end. Nothing stood in the way of his impending date.
He walked slowly but soon ended up approaching the north entrance, and nineteen minutes was still too early for a date in his mind. His compulsive nature wouldn't let him meet Kelly until exactly noon, and that left him in a curious position. Should he sneak a look through the north entrance or should he hang back? Curiosity won out over good date etiquette.
Edging forward, close to the east side of the north hallway, the young man got within about ten feet of the nearest door and froze. Just beyond that door stood a very familiar and unwelcome girl. It was Debbie, who was talking loudly with another girl who he couldn't see. Both girls spoke loudly enough that he could hear them through the door. He pressed back against the wall to hide behind a fake potted philodendron and listened.
"What's your problem?" Debbie said, gesturing wildly with her hands. "I thought you wanted color?"
"I do!" the other girl said. "Or I did. I'm not so sure now."
The other girl sounded familiar, but Fred couldn't quite figure out who she was, not yet.
"You've gone too far to back out now. It's too late. He should be here in another fifteen minutes or so. Knowing him, he'll probably be here at exactly noon, the poor, OCD freak."
"OCD?"
Debbie rolled her eyes. "Obsessive-compulsive disorder. Hello! I know obsessive-compulsive behavior when I see it and he's got it bad."
"I didn't get that impression from him during our phone calls."
"He's a freak… an OCD freak with color."
"I don't care about any of that. I just know that he's too nice. This isn't right."
Fred's eyes widened as he finally realized who Debbie was talking to. He didn't know what was going on but it didn't sound good, and he decided to get to the bottom of it. The confused and slightly upset young man barged through the nearest mall entrance door, wearing a frown and speaking before Debbie could turn around. "Hello, Kelly. What isn't right? What's going on?"
Debbie slowly turned around, wearing a smirk. "Well, look at this. You're early, and you surprised us by going through the mall. Congratulations. Did you get some meds for your little OCD problem?"
"What's your problem, Debbie?" he asked. "Going through color withdrawal? I don't think they have meds for that." He turned to look at Kelly and saw her near tears. That upset him more than anything had so far.
Debbie scowled and interrupted before Fred could say anything to Kelly. "Whatever, freak. You asked what's going on and I'll tell you. You've been played, Romeo. Kelly played you like a cheap toy piano. She never had any intention of going out with you. What do you think of that?"
The young man continued to look at Kelly, trying to gauge the truth of what Debbie said. He opened and shut his mouth several times as the cruel truth sunk in, but no words tumbled out. His hopeful plans for a long, happy future with Kelly died at that moment, and they died in front of the worst possible witness, his nemesis, Debbie. His last thoughts before losing consciousness were a muddle as Kelly kept mouthing the word, "Sorry." He looked up at the sky and screamed. Then all was darkness.

* * *

Kelly held her hands in front of her face and squinted from the onslaught of colors that erupted from Fred. The young man's special ability triggered like never before, and it lasted far longer than ever before, going strong for several minutes before the colors slowed to a trickle.
When the young woman finally dared to look, she saw glowing colors as far as the eye could see. Everything and everyone glowed with color, everyone except Fred. His hair was its usual plain black and his clothes were a mix of normal gray and black. His extremely pale skin didn't glow either. She saw him lying on the ground, unconscious and she raced over to him to see if he was okay.
Debbie stood in the same place, looking all around and muttering obscenities. "What the fuck? He hit everything with color? Everything?"
After determining that Fred was still alive, Kelly thought to use her hyper phone, dialing the emergency number and trying to stay calm. The unusually long connection time didn't help her nerves. When a person's voice did finally speak, it turned out to be a recording.
"Please hold while we handle an unusually large call volume. Remain on the line and we'll get to your call as soon as possible."
"What the hell?" Kelly screamed into her phone. "If everyone is calling to whine about color, tell them to shut the fuck up. I've got the source of the color, unconscious at my feet!"
Within seconds, a real person began speaking on the other end of the line. "Would you repeat that please?"
Kelly growled. "I said, I have the source of the glowing color here. His name is Fred and it's his special ability. But he collapsed after it happened. I think he might need to go to the hospital."
The person on the phone promised an ambulance that arrived, glowing with color, within twenty minutes; fairly respectable given the circumstances. They carried Fred away, alone. Kelly wanted to ride with him but the colorful medics wouldn't let her. She wasn't family.
While Kelly waited that twenty minutes, not leaving Fred's side, she noticed Debbie wandering away, back into the mall, muttering about losing Kyle to a bunch of colorful bimbos and being unable to appreciate all of the beautiful colors around her.

* * *

Fred's very concerned and very colorful parents showed up at the hospital within the hour. Derek's bright ruddy complexion told of his barely suppressed anger and Maria wasn't much better, her glowing blue eyes glistening with the threat of tears. Both parents had been splashed with glowing color before so they could handle that much. What they couldn't handle was their son's questionable health from his latest, unprecedented outburst.
After seeing their son's pale complexion when he made his high school glow, they expected the worst. They raced up to the third floor of the hospital, ignoring the glowing colors and barely hearing the news reports that played loudly on radios at the nurse's stations. The news was full of reports of color and the chaos it was creating. As expected, the vast majority of people either loved color or they hated it. The color lovers celebrated, or tried to, and the color haters were much less pleasant. Everything from small skirmishes in villages to citywide riots hit the entire nation hard, but their son was their only current concern.
When they reached their son's small, private room, they saw a nurse on the far side of the bed just finishing up after taking the young man's vital signs. Maria didn't hesitate with the questions.
"How is he? Is he okay? Is he stable?"
The nurse fended off the worried mother with a most professional, calming way, nodding yes to all of the questions while recording everything on Fred's chart for the doctor.
Maria quickly sat down in the chair on the near side of the bed and immediately reached for her son's hand. It felt cold and clammy and she gasped when she saw how pale his skin looked.
Derek handled the whole thing by pacing along the wall at the foot of the bed, waiting for the doctor to show up.
"Doctor!" Derek snapped as soon as a woman wearing a glowing white lab coat entered the room. "What the hell happened to my son? How could this happen?"
"Please, sir," she said, giving him a stern look. "Let me look at your son's chart before I try to make a diagnosis."
The man looked properly chastised and glanced down at the floor, soon squinting from the glow.
Every surface including the floor glowed with various shades of color or shades of gray. He found it easiest to look at black but even the black glowed with an eerie gray aura. The man never did like how his son's ability affected black objects.
While Derek distracted himself with the glowing floor, the doctor made little noises while she read through Fred's chart. After she finished reading, she moved over and first checked the teen's eyes and then inspected the inside of his mouth, shining a small light.
"Excuse me," she addressed both parents after she finished her brief examination. "But I can't see anything too serious. He'll have to stay for observation but I expect him to recover. In the meantime, we'll keep him on an IV and monitor him closely."
"Thank you, doctor," Derek told her as he moved closer. "I'm sorry for my earlier outburst."
"It's quite alright, Mister Renfield," she told him. "I understand. I've dealt with upset parents before."
Maria listened to the exchange but she wasn't satisfied. "When can we expect him to wake up?"
"Ah," the woman said. "I've never dealt with this particular condition before so it's hard to say. I've never had someone lose color like this."
"What?" Maria said, not believing what she heard.
"Your son is gray now, Missus Renfield. He lost his color. His eyes, tongue and throat would normally have color no matter how pale his skin, but they no longer do."
Both parents gasped. They'd read some interesting secret reports concerning color and special abilities over the years, but they'd never heard of anyone with color losing it except when they died. Their son was very much alive. So how could he lose his color?
Derek left Maria to watch over their son while he went to meet with Kelly. He meant to find out what happened and would make very sure it never happened again, not if he could help it. He used his resources to easily find the teen's address from her phone number after he exited the hospital's parking garage, and he slowly regained his composure as he drove, barely exceeding the speed limit, all while listening to the radio in his car.
As he drove, the news reported that the full area of his son's special ability still wasn't known since some countries had yet to report, but filling in the gaps made it fairly certain that the entire Earth currently glowed with color. An interesting phenomenon called earthshine clinched it. The dark side of a crescent moon, just past new, normally reflected dim light from Earth to make the dark side slightly visible. With the planet glowing mostly blue from the water in the oceans, the dark side of the moon reflected a fairly bright blue color. Earth was glowing.
A clever woman coined a new phrase that night, after naming the first ever color in a striking coincidence with one of those other universes where color was common. "Once in a blue moon," would forever refer to something that happened very rarely, possibly only once in a lifetime.

* * *

Speaking with Kelly soon smoothed any ruffled feathers that Derek had. Her endless string of sincere apologies melted his heart and he even ended up driving her back to the hospital, where she'd become a regular visitor over the next week. That's how long it took Fred to wake up from his coma.
The young man's special ability erupted full force for the first time in his life and he was ill-prepared for it. It didn't help that it took extreme mental anguish to trigger it, leaving him emotionally as well as physically drained. It might have been considered a good thing that he had no color afterwards. It looked like he wouldn't have to go through the same ordeal.
He woke up slowly, trying unsuccessfully to blink away the crust of several days of sleep and croaking out a request for water.
Kelly, currently his only visitor, squealed with excitement when she saw his eyes open, but he couldn't see her well enough to recognize her and all he wanted at the moment was some water. He repeated his request and she held a cup with a bendable straw for him. With her other hand, she helped him raise his head so he could slowly sip the water until it quenched his thirst.
Fred didn't notice or care who helped him drink. He had no idea how long he'd been unconscious and he didn't want to remember what happened to him. He gratefully accepted the water and it wasn't until the cup settled on the small table next to his bed that he noticed the petite, slender gray hand that pulled back. His vision improved enough that he could see that much, and it made him think to look at his own hands, but they seemed too pale, with fine black hairs. Something about them puzzled him. They didn't look normal.
"What happened?" he asked, still trying to clear his blurry vision by rubbing his eyes. "Where am I? I smell flowers." His room was actually full of flowers, though he couldn't quite see them yet.
Kelly hesitated to answer him. It took nearly a minute before she spoke. "Hi, Fred. It's me, Kelly."
"Kelly? What?"
"Please, Fred. Don't get upset. At least let me apologize. I'm sorry. I'm so very, very sorry. Please forgive me. Please!" She broke down and cried then, lying her head on his stomach and soaking the bedspread with her tears.
Out of reflex as much as compassion, the young man gently stroked the girl's head. "Hey. Please don't cry." He remembered what she did in spite of himself. The memories came flooding back along with Kelly's tears. He cried a little with her, but he kept stroking her head anyway. "I think… I think I can forgive you, though it was quite cruel."
The young woman cried harder after hearing that.
"Hey now. You still haven't told me where I am. Come on. Please tell me. I'm not in the hospital, am I?"
Kelly nodded. He could feel the nod with his hand still on her head even if he couldn't see it.
"Dang. How long was I out then?"
She continued crying and couldn't quite bring herself to speak.
"Okay. If you still can't talk, could you tap out the hours with a finger?"
That got a snort out of her, and she followed it by shaking her head no.
"What? Why not? I'm sure you can count high enough to tap them all out. But maybe your finger would get tired. Is that it?"
She giggled and nodded.
"Hm. This is quite puzzling." He paused in thought for several seconds until a more sobering thought occurred to him. "Oh. Oh, my. It's been longer than a day, hasn't it?"
Kelly nodded agreement.
"Please tap out the number of days then. Please?"
She tapped out seven and he gasped.
"Seven days?" he said, raising his voice enough to get a passing nurse's attention.
"Is everything okay in here?" the nurse asked.
"I think so," he said. "I have a patient who had a good cry but I think she's over the worst."
Kelly giggled again but didn't raise her head. She rather enjoyed and needed the attention.
The nurse started to leave until she realized which room she was in. "Hey!" she said, doing a double take. "You're awake! I began to wonder if you'd ever wake up after lighting up the whole world!"
"Huh? What are you talking about?"
The nurse looked at Kelly who was slowly lifting her head up. "You didn't tell him yet?" the woman asked.
The teen looked back at Fred with a slight grin. "He hasn't been awake long. And we needed to work something out first. Are we good then?" she asked him.
He nodded. "But now I think I'd like to hear what's been happening while I've been lying in the hospital for the past week."

* * *

Kelly told him about turning the whole planet into a glowing ball of colors. Everything and everyone glowed, including people who already had color. She felt it necessary to mention some of the bad things that happened, like the riots, but she emphasized the good. Almost everyone learned to appreciate the beauty of color by the end of the twenty four hour time limit, and by the end of the week, nearly everyone in the world knew of Fred and appreciated his gift. Even with their considerable influence, his parents couldn't hide him from the whole world.
His sudden fame explained all of the flowers in his room, the flowers that he'd been smelling and finally saw as Kelly pointed them out. She made sure to show him the flowers from his parents but the gifts weren't just from people who already knew him. People from all over the world sent him flowers along with "Thank you" and "Get well" cards. He received so many bouquets that there wasn't nearly enough room to keep them all. His parents asked that they be spread all throughout the hospital so everyone could enjoy them. She finished by telling him about the glowing light reflecting off the dark side of the moon and how someone named the color "blue."
"It's about the same color your eyes used to be," she said.
Fred sat up in the bed when she first started speaking to him, but he slowly slumped back into a prone position as she spoke. He was in a mild state of shock about what he did, and he quietly whispered the word, "blue," several times when his eyes suddenly widened at her last words. "Mirror!" he shouted. "Please! Where's a mirror?"
Kelly didn't think. She heard him shout for a mirror and quickly rummaged through her purse for a compact. She opened the small case to remove the powder puff and handed the case with its mirror to him, only to see him fall apart, lying there on the bed.
"My eyes!" he shouted as he peered into the mirror, then more quietly, "My eyes." He let his arms flop onto the bed and Kelly gently took her compact back from his hand and quietly slipped it back into her purse. Fred saw his gray eyes and that along with his hands finally made him realize that he'd lost his color. He could handle having pale skin, but he always cherished his eye color, even more than his amethyst pendant.
The distraught young man reached up for his pendant and sighed with relief when he found it. He pulled it out to appreciate it, wondering how many years it would keep its color.
Kelly gave a small smile when she saw the pendant, and her smile broadened when she saw the soothing effect that it had on Fred.
"I'm sorry… again," she told him. "I didn't think about your color loss. Most of us aren't used to color." She slowly shook her head at herself for her last statement. She didn't mean to try to rationalize her actions. "I mean, I should've told you sooner… broke it to you gently."
"It's okay," he said, staring at the colored gemstone as he spoke. "I'll get over it." He paused for several minutes before adding, "What did the doctors say?"
She shrugged and then spoke when she noticed that he didn't see her gesture. He just kept staring at the pendant like a lifeline. "They have no idea what happened. They've never known someone to lose their color… um… except… you know."
"After they die?"
"Right."
Fred sighed and finally looked up at her. "It's okay. I'm okay. Really." He gave her a little smile to prove it.
"So we're both gray now," Kelly said, playfully smiling back at him. "You wanna go out on a date?"

* * *

The hospital released Fred later that same day. He still felt very tired but well enough to recuperate at home. Kelly left with him. So did a dozen men in black, for security reasons, though they weren't really necessary. Everyone that recognized him greeted him with kindness and gratitude.
Kelly helped him out for the next couple of days, making him lunches, fluffing his pillow and performing various other small acts of kindness. She called her time with him a test period to see how compatible they were. The arrangement worked out well enough that it did soon lead to a trial date.
"Come on," Fred's new best friend said, leading him by the hand through a small parking lot near his house. "And remember not to peek."
"Right," he said with his eyes closed, trying not to laugh. "It wouldn't be a surprise if I peeked. As if I haven't had enough surprises already."
Kelly giggled and just kept pulling him behind her. She dressed comfortably for the early evening heat of midsummer, wearing shorts, a tank top and sandals, all fairly close to the same shade of light gray. Fred wore the male version of the same outfit. They were like two peas in a pod, enjoying the nice weather together.
"Nearly there," she said, slowing down to look both ways before crossing a small, quiet lane that passed along the south side of the parking lot. She led the young man a short ways west on the sidewalk, looking for and finding a certain view before she stopped along a gentle curve in the road.
The narrow road wound its way up a short hill, with tall, lush trees along both sides and a sidewalk that only lined the south side of the road. The sun peeked low over the top of the hill to create a hazy shaft of light that illuminated a short section of the gap between the trees, and the sun had dropped low enough that it only shone on the upper half of the gap. Kelly directed Fred to look up at the shaft of light and tell her what he saw.
He did as directed, taking several seconds before he said, "Bugs. Lots of bugs. They're lit up by the sunlight. Let's see…." He started counting them.
"Okay. Okay. Stop right there. I can see your lips twitching. I know you're counting them."
He blushed a dark gray and again, did as he was told. "It's just as well," he said, turning to look into her large, expressive gray eyes. "It's too hard to count them."
Kelly smiled. "That's good. So why is it so hard to count them?"
Fred looked again. "Well… there's too many… and they keep moving randomly. Some hover in one spot but most of them move in different directions at different speeds."
"You know what I see?" she asked him, her face serious for the moment. "I see a spotlight of magical light, shining on tiny faeries who dance through the air for the sheer joy of summer."
"Ah. You're more poetic than I am."
"Perhaps," she said, a wide grin reappearing. "Perhaps not. I think you just need a little encouragement and before long, you could see what I see." 
"Perhaps," he said, grinning.
After a short silence to appreciate the view, Kelly tried a little verbal encouragement. "You know what?" she said, both of them still watching the insects buzzing about. "I liked the way you stood up to Debbie after she insulted you at the mall."
"Thanks. I wanted to be more assertive."
"And?"
They turned to look at each other as he replied, "And I did it to impress you."
She grinned and looked deeply into his bright gray eyes. "It worked," she said quietly.
He blushed. "Does this mean we can date for real now?"
Kelly gave him a subtle nod to answer him but when he still gave her a questioning look, she simply answered, "Yes." She followed that with a quick peck on the lips before turning back to look up at the shaft of light.
Her kiss startled Fred, but he recovered very quickly, and he edged ever so slightly closer to her as he tried very hard to imagine just the two of them, dancing together in the sunlight.

* * *

Fred sat at his desk, taking a break after finishing his calculus homework. He stared out the window at bare trees and a road slick with wet leaves, missing summer. Just the thought of the cold weather made him shiver in his warm little bedroom.
He still had more homework but it would have to wait. It was time to get ready for his date with Kelly. He turned on the radio for background noise and started getting ready, starting with a trip into his room's connecting bathroom.
Kelly had another year of high school so she'd be sticking around town long enough for Fred to further deepen their relationship. He believed in a future for the two of them and worked hard to be the best boyfriend, and person, that he could be, and he saw the same resolve in Kelly. They were the best of friends and made a great team and great couple.
Fred commuted to the nearby public university as he'd wanted to do, driving a much more mundane car than his mother's black beast, as he called her sports car. Everything was going well in his life, except for maybe one thing, two if one counted the information that was being given on his radio.
The astronomer who'd discovered a small colored asteroid made the rounds on television and radio talk shows everywhere. She was currently giving details of a coming meteor shower or possible meteor storm that happened to be related to the colored asteroid. According to the astronomer, the colored asteroid had been bumped into a collision course with Earth by another asteroid, and that collision threw off lots of little bits of rock to create what he called a debris field. Earth would be passing through the debris field and some of those little bits of rock could create a colorful meteor shower. The astronomer also gave a warning along with the information, stating the possibility of a meteorite or two striking somewhere near the East Coast.
Fred stopped to listen as he stood in front of the mirror and made a mental note to look up the date of the meteor shower at a later time. If the weather cooperated, the sight of colorful meteors might make for a nice date night. He then got back to the task that he'd started and prepared to put in dark gray contact lenses.
It always took him several minutes before he could put in the contact lenses. He first had to marvel at the sight of his eyes. Less than two weeks ago, his beautiful blue eyes had returned to him while he'd slept. He'd woken up to the sight of his blue eyes and his initial reaction had been one of awe followed by a brief moment of panic.
The panic had come because he feared the world's reaction to him regaining his color. He'd imagined crazy people coming out of the woodwork, either trying to beat him senseless to get color out of him or beating him lifeless to keep him from spreading color ever again. At least so far, with contact lenses to hide his eyes, he could forestall any problems.
He'd told his parents about his eyes first thing that morning. He'd wanted them to know as soon as possible so they could prepare whatever security measures that they deemed necessary. His mother had come up with the idea of using the contact lenses to cover his eyes for the time being, and she'd gone out to buy several different brands, just in case his eyes could give them an actual color like he used to give clothes. Half of the different contact lenses actually did gain color, with one even turning out a dark blue. It was a good thing that his mother had thought to get so many different kinds.
While his mother had been out shopping for her son, he'd called Kelly and had her come over right away. He wouldn't hide his eyes from her. Things could turn ugly if or when news got out about his color. He could become a bigger target, and she'd likely be in more danger too if she stayed with him so he had to tell her. His color would test the strength of their relationship and he'd hoped she'd choose to stay together. He hadn't been disappointed.
Before Kelly had arrived to see his blue eyes, the thought of training himself to control his special ability had occurred to him. If he could control his ability, he'd be able to dole out color without abuse, and he could likely charge enough for color to make a decent living, in addition to whatever vocation he chose for himself. His future had suddenly looked much brighter, like the sun breaking free of the clouds after a violent afternoon storm. The storm of his past had left an ugly swath of damage that could be diminished by the promise of a pleasant evening, and healing would eventually follow.
Time heals all wounds. Trite but so true.
He hoped the rest of the world could be at least half as understanding as his girlfriend. So far, he'd had mostly good experiences with everyone that he'd encountered. It helped that he was gray. Even most color haters couldn't bring themselves to hate him when he was gray. The occasional extreme color hater had managed to bruise his feelings, though never his body, not with his bodyguards to protect him.
He didn't like having bodyguards, but he did see the need for them, especially if he got all of his color back. And he did like the attention. His fame seemed worth the trouble after being lonely for so long.
With color, he'd been a nobody, and with the loss of his color, however temporary, he'd given the world a most wondrous gift and became a somebody. He'd forever more be a somebody.

Back to Table of Contents
The Meteorite

Anna tied off her long, dark gray hair in a pony tail and began climbing up to the roof of her house. She wasn't so concerned about the late hour but she didn't like climbing a rickety wooden ladder in the dark, even if the house was only one story. If it wasn't for her younger neighbor from down the street, she wouldn't dream of stargazing.
Jack still went to high school and the teenage boy lived and breathed science. He told her about a meteor shower that peaked that night and talked her into watching it with him. He wouldn't say exactly why the meteors might be so great, only that it was a new shower and no one knew what to expect. It wouldn't be the first time that she got caught up in the teen's enthusiasm.
Who needs a social life? She overflowed with sarcasm. She didn't really consider hanging out with Jack to be much of a life.
With fewer trees around Anna's house, more of the sky would be visible, something that he said was important. She also thought he might have a crush on her. That would be a much more likely reason for him to invite her.
She didn't understand why he didn't go for her younger, more attractive sister, Jessie. Jack and Jessie were the same age and went to the same school. They seemed to be a much better match. She knew it had to have something to do with Jessie's attitude but still, guys didn't seem too concerned with personality in her limited experience.
Maybe it's my boobs. She liked that idea, and she followed it up with another thought and a satisfied smirk. At least mine are bigger than Jessie's.
They spread a large blanket on the slight incline of the asphalt shingles and laid down next to each other, comfortably warm in the early summer heat. Jack reached for her hand and she abruptly pulled away.
"I don't think that's a good idea, Jack," she said quietly, a little surprised by his unusually bold behavior.
"Hey. I just thought it'd be safer. You know. Being on the roof and all."
"Nice try," she told him, smirking in the dark. Come fall, she'd go back to community college and he'd start his junior year of high school. Being four years older than him might work later in life but it wouldn't work well with him currently being underage.
If only I didn't look like I was still in high school. Maybe then he'd give up.
She hesitated to accept his invitation to see the meteor shower but she couldn't say no to his big, beautiful, dark eyes. He might eventually be boyfriend material, maybe, in another few years, and she might even wait for him since all of her male classmates treated her like jailbait.
Jack interrupted her musing with an excited shout, "There goes one! Cool! It really did have…."
"Where?" Anna interrupted. "I don't see anything."
"They're really fast. You have to pay attention. I told you that."
"Right. You tell me a lot of things." She could almost feel him roll his eyes.
"Okay," he said. "One more time then. Don't keep looking at one spot in the sky. Rove a little with your eyes and as soon as you spot movement, look directly at it."
"Yeah. You said something about a radiant or something?"
"The meteors appear to radiate out from one point in the sky, in this case the constellation Pegasus. Remember it's like looking at railroad tracks. The two tracks appear to meet on the horizon and spread out more and more as they get closer to you."
"Right. Got it. So the meteors all come from the same source and spread out when they finally hit the Earth's atmosphere."
"Close enough," he said. "Just keep looking."
"Hey," Anna said. "What's that?" She pointed near the western horizon at a bright point of light that was slowly drifting to the north east.
"Ah. I believe that's the International Space Station. I got an email that said it would fly over tonight and forgot about it."
"Oh."
"You sound disappointed. It's all good. The night sky is full of interesting things to look at."
"I guess."
"Just keep looking. You'll see a meteor, even if it isn't a Pegasid."
"Pegasid?"
Jack sighed. "That's what they call meteors that radiate from the constellation Pegasus."
"Right. Eyes roving now."
"Good."
The two of them fell into a comfortable silence, both roaming the night sky with their eyes, watching for meteors. It took several minutes before they saw the next Pegasid, a bright fireball that lit up the neighborhood.
"What was that?" Anna asked.
"Finally," he said. "You saw one."
"I did?"
"Yep! Quite a nice fireball too. Did you notice its color? It looked kind of like that blue color that lit up the moon last summer. Remember that?"
"How could I forget?" Anna said, raising her voice in excitement. "How could anyone forget? The whole planet glowed with color for a day. We glowed with color!"
"Yeah. That Fred guy lost his color after he lit up the world. It was like he burned out or something."
"Kind of like a fireball meteor."
"Yeah."
They settled back and continued watching the sky. Over the next thirty minutes, they saw several dim meteors and a pair of fireball meteors even brighter than the previous one that passed overhead.
"I really like the fireballs. Are they always so bright?" Anna asked him.
"No. That's why I was so anxious to watch tonight. Astronomers said there might be some really bright ones with color tonight. We're running through a trail of debris from that asteroid with color that's supposed to hit Earth in a few years."
Anna gasped. "An asteroid is going to hit us? Seriously?"
"What, you didn't hear about that? How could you not have heard about that?"
"I don't watch the news or anything. I'm too busy with college."
Jack rolled his eyes. "I guess so."
"Well, Jack. It's okay because I have you to tell me such things. And what else can you tell me about it? Is it going to do much damage? Do they know exactly where it's going to hit?"
"It shouldn't affect us. It's supposed to hit somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean. There'll be some tsunamis along the coast, but we're far from the coast."
"Tsunami? You mean tidal wave?"
"I mean tsunami. Big, big wave, much larger than any tidal wave."
"But we'll be okay. That's good."
Jack smiled. "Yep. Now less talking and more sky watching. I don't want to miss any fireballs."
They continued watching and the frequency of meteors increased, with several fireballs lighting up the area like a flare. It started to worry Jack a little but he kept his fears to himself. It wasn't until Anna asked him another question that he gave his feelings away.
"What's that bright light?" she asked, pointing at a brightly colored light in the constellation Pegasus that didn't seem to be moving.
"That would be a candidate for a meteorite," he told her. His voice squeaked a little and she couldn't help noticing.
"Meteorite? Like when a meteor hits the Earth?"
"Yeah. That. If the light doesn't move, that means it's coming directly at us. If it doesn't vaporize in the atmosphere, it hits the ground."
Anna trembled a little. "I suddenly feel a little too exposed up here," she said quietly.
"Me too. Let's get down."
They started to get up and Anna reached down to pick up the blanket but she hesitated. "What's that odd whistling sound?"
"I'm not sure," Jack said. "Just leave the blanket. Let's get out of here."
They both quickly moved towards the ladder and stopped short when they heard something that sounded like grit thrown across the roof.
"You go first," he told her, looking back at the colored light as it kept brightening. "Hurry. Go! Go!"
She started climbing down when she heard Jack cry out in pain, followed by a dull thud.
"Are you okay?" she asked him as she continued down the ladder.
"No," he said, his raspy voice barely audible. "I don't think I am."
Anna didn't look up. She got to the ground and moved to press her back against the wall of the house while she waited for Jack. The whistling sounds intensified and something that sounded almost like gunshots added to them. Tree branches suddenly snapped off and broken glass shattered in the distance. The frequency and volume of the noises kept increasing.
"Jack!" she screamed. "Get down here!"
No reply.
"Jack!"
She thought about going back up the ladder to help him down when the largest chunk of meteorite hit less than a block away from her house. The resulting shock wave and sudden bright flash of light stunned her but didn't quite knock her out. She sat on the ground with her back up against the wall of her house and cried.

* * *

It wasn't long before emergency vehicles showed up with their own bright flashing lights in various shades of gray. Anna couldn't see them though. She was temporarily blinded by the flash from the meteorite. She wasn't up for talking much either. All she could do was point up to the roof and whisper her friend's name. The firemen understood and retrieved the boy, who breathed in ragged huffs and bled from dozens of small puncture wounds, barely alive.
Everything and everyone sounded so far away, like they were at the far end of a long tunnel. People quietly shouted, screamed and cried. Doors quietly slammed shut. She soon heard her mother, felt her mother's hand holding one of hers after she was lifted into an ambulance and was on her way to the hospital.
The ride seemed to drag on for hours. She thought she heard a siren in the distance and realized it was coming from the vehicle that drove her to the hospital. Nothing felt real to her, not until the paramedics jiggled and rolled her into the Emergency Room.
A doctor tested her for shock, putting two fingers in her hand to grip. She tightened her fingers enough to whiten her knuckles, passing the test. She wasn't in any kind of physical shock but she wondered about a test for emotional shock.
"What about Jack?" she asked in a loud voice. "Is he okay?"
No one knew anything about her friend and that upset her far more than her own problems.
They tested her eyesight and gently taped gauze over her eyes, explaining how she'd likely be able to see again in a day or two. They checked her hearing and found that the shock wave ruptured one of her eardrums and slightly damaged the other one.
The doctors and nurses finished with her for the moment but she wasn't finished with them. She started asking about Jack again. Her mother tried to calm her down but when she started screaming, they gave her a sedative and wheeled her to a private room. She drifted off to sleep with her mother stroking her hair and whispering words to her that she couldn't hear.

* * *

Anna awoke the next morning, alone in the hospital, or at least she thought she was alone. It was hard to tell with the thick pads of gauze over her eyes and ears. Two senses down, leaving three others to take up the slack. It was well-known that when a person lost one sense, the others became more sensitive.
Strong smells distracted her. She detected a mix of bleach, flowers and her sister's perfume, liberally applied as usual.
"Jessie?" she said very loudly but not realizing it.
She thought she heard a reply but it sounded muffled and so far away.
"I can't see or hear anything!" she shouted. It wasn't exactly true but close enough, and it upset her enough to start crying again.
She felt a hand lightly touch her upper arm and she flinched, but before the hand could withdraw, she grabbed it and pulled someone who smelled like her mother into an awkward hug.

* * *

After a long day followed by a restless sleep, Anna couldn't wait to have her eyes checked. She picked at the gauze and felt her mother gently slap her hands away. "Wait for the doctor, dear," her mother said. Her hearing had nearly returned to normal in one ear and she never thought that she'd feel so happy to hear her mother scold her.
The young woman found out about Jack. He didn't fare nearly as well as she did. He'd live but he'd have to stay in the hospital a lot longer than she would. It reminded her how relatively lucky she was. The hospital would likely release her that day, right after she got her eyes checked. Her ears were already checked. The ruptured eardrum would likely heal within eight weeks and she'd have to come back for a followup visit but she'd be able to go home.
The ophthalmologist arrived late and ever so slowly cut the tape and removed the gauze from her left eye first. He spoke to her as he worked. "Keep in mind that I turned off the lights and shut the blinds to make it easier on your eyes."
She tried not to bounce on the bed. It was difficult. She could see blobs of light and dark as the gauze slowly lifted away.
"How's that?" he asked her after completely uncovering the eye.
She gasped at first and then squealed as she hugged the startled doctor.
The doctor chuckled as he patted Anna on the back before gently moving her away from him. "Let's see to your other eye now."
She waited impatiently as he removed the other patch of gauze and finally shouted, "I can see, Mom! I can see!"
Her mother didn't say anything. The woman just hugged her daughter and cried.
The blinds were slowly opened first. Then the lights were turned on. Anna's eyes handled the increase in light with ease. After a last check of her pupils, she was declared ready for release and she hurried to get dressed. No one liked hospital gowns.
The doctor escorted them to the front desk, telling Anna's mother, "Remember to schedule a followup exam for both her eyes and ears, Mrs. Cornell." With that, he left them to fill out forms.
When Anna and her mother finished the paperwork, the young woman stopped for a moment. "Mom? Can we check on Jack before we leave? Please?"
"I suppose so. But I don't know which room he's in."
The concerned women checked at a nursing station, and after they explained how both Anna and Jack were victims of the meteorite, a nurse gave them Jack's room number. The nurse did warn that it wasn't likely that they'd be able to see him but they figured they'd be able to speak to Jack's parents or some other relative so they could at least offer their condolences.
Navigating the maze of corridors and different floors of the hospital challenged them. It also didn't help that several interesting sights including several small gardens and a large, round fountain distracted Anna, who was still getting used to having sight again. She wasn't blinded very long but it was long enough to gain a much greater appreciation of her vision.
Both the sight and the sounds of the fountain mesmerized her. It consisted of a large pool with a small, white statue of a woman in the center. The woman appeared to be pouring a stream of water out of a large urn. The splashing water and ripples held her attention at first, until she noticed hundreds of shiny coins that had been tossed into the fountain. People loved to make wishes and the money helped support the hospital.
Anna's mother managed to pull her daughter away from the fountain and they eventually arrived in the waiting area where they recognized Jack's father. The large man slumped in a low, plush chair, looking exhausted.
"Hi, Mr. Pendleton," Anna said to him. "I came to check on Jack before I go home. Is he any better?"
The man slowly looked up at the young woman, recognition slowly creeping across his face. His look soured as he realized who spoke to him. "I'm so sorry, Anna," he told her. "My son means well but he shouldn't have dragged you out to watch for meteors." He looked down again, closing his eyes and muttering, "Damn meteorite."
"It's okay, really. I didn't get seriously hurt. I'm more concerned about Jack. I don't suppose I could see him."
The man briefly looked up at her again and slowly shook his head before returning to his original position with his head bowed forward. Within seconds, the sound of light snoring could be heard.
"Come on, dear," Anna's mother said quietly. "We should go."
Just then, Jack's mother arrived. "Kathy! Anna! Hi." She turned to Anna. "How are you feeling, dear?"
"I'm okay, Mrs. Pendleton. But I was hoping to see Jack."
"Oh. I'm not sure that's a good idea."
"Why not?"
The woman looked pained. "They don't let us see him much. He's not exactly under quarantine but that meteorite did something strange to him."
"What do you mean? Is he okay?"
"He'll be okay. It's just that…."
Anna prodded with her eyes.
"He's getting color. His leg and back are embedded with dozens of microscopic bits of the meteorite and they're slowly giving him color."
"Really? Wow!"
"The doctors operated and got out as much as they could but they couldn't get it all."
"Will it be permanent?"
Jack's mother sighed. "They don't know. No one knows much of anything about color."
Anna's mother spoke up, "Oh, Gail. I'm sorry. But I'm sure Jack will be okay. He'll just get more attention."
"Thanks, Kathy. I was just so worried about him. You should've seen him when they brought him in. That stupid meteorite tore him up pretty good. He lost a lot of blood."
With nothing much else to say, Anna and her mother said their goodbyes and left the Pendletons. Anna lost herself in daydreams, wondering about what it would be like to have color. She'd get a lot of attention, probably more than her sister. Her sister would likely be quite jealous of her if she had color and she couldn't help smirking a little at the thought.
Jessie aspired to be a model. She was tall, slender and certainly looked good enough. She just needed to get noticed. She needed a lucky break. Color would certainly give her that break, except Anna felt that she needed it more. She felt more than a little neglected having to play the role of the older, responsible sister while her beautiful sister soaked up all of the attention.
I can't wait to finish college and move out. Maybe then I'll get a life.

* * *

Once in the car, Anna got a little confused when they headed downtown, well away from their house.
"Where are you going, Mom? I wanted to go home."
"We can't go home, dear. At least not yet. The whole block is cordoned off because of the meteorite."
Anna huffed. "That's stupid."
"Our house had a lot of damage, as did several others. It's not very livable right now."
"Is it really that bad?"
Kathy nodded.
"Well, shouldn't we be starting repairs right away then?"
"The weather is nice enough that we don't have to worry about rain getting in. We can wait a week or so while the government gets rid of the meteorite."
"I still don't understand why we have to wait."
Her mother's eyes widened. "Oh! I forgot. You haven't been able to watch or listen to the news. You couldn't know."
Anna frowned. "Know what?"
Kathy went on to explain how everyone went crazy to collect pieces of the colorful meteorite for souvenirs. That's how it started. Once people realized that the meteorite gave color to everything, they got even worse and the government had to take control. Local law enforcement couldn't handle the huge crowds, especially after they started getting violent.
All Anna could say was, "Wow. I had no idea."
Her mother nodded and added one more bit of information. "There is one other odd thing about the meteorite that you should know. As I said before, touching pieces of it will give color to anything, just like a person with color. But there's a twist. If a person with color gives another person color, that other person can't give color to anything. The color doesn't keep spreading. But when the meteorite gives color to a person, it's sort of like that person has permanent color. They can give color to things. Isn't that weird?"
"So no special abilities then?"
"No, dear. Just the ability to give color to things."
Anna thought about it for a moment. "In spite of no special abilities, it would still be difficult for people to know whether or not someone got their color from a chunk of meteorite. I wouldn't call it weird. It makes me wonder where color comes from. It might help us understand color better. That's a good thing, I think."
Both women sighed, though for different reasons, and before long, they arrived at their new home, a four star hotel courtesy of the government to make up for taking over their home. The tall building stood just on the edge of the downtown area, next to a large park. Being a nice, summer day, adults, children and dogs filled the park, and Anna recognized some of them from her neighborhood.
Through the lobby and up the elevator to the twelfth floor, the door opened to a long, straight hallway with murals full of crass advertisements. The women ignored the ads, walking with their heads down until they got to room 1217.
"Here we are," Kathy said as she opened the door with the key card. "Home, sweet home away from home."
The large room had a modest living area with a couch, a couple of chairs and a coffee table. A short hallway led from one side of the room to the bath and bedrooms. It looked very much like a tiny version of their house.
Anna looked lost as she slowly followed her mother in. "Just show me to my bedroom, please, so I can crash."
"Oh, well, apparently, the government doesn't have deep enough pockets to give us each our own room. You'll have to share with your sister."
"Great. Just great."
"Hey. I thought you two got along okay."
Anna snorted. "Yeah, as long as I feed her compliments."
"That's not fair. She's just younger than you."
"I'm through making excuses for her, Mom. She's an attention whore."
Jessie suddenly threw open the nearest bedroom door and marched out, staring daggers at her sister with her hands on her hips. "Who's an attention whore?"
The older sister slowly shook her head. "Everyone needs attention," she said quietly, then more loudly. "I'm out of here. You two have fun."
"Wait a minute, Anna," her mother said. "Where will you go? Where will you stay?"
"What difference does it make? This isn't about me. It's all about Jessie. If I leave, she'll have a room to herself, just like I'm sure she wants."
"You just got out of the hospital!" her mother cried. "Please!"
"Did you think to collect any of my clothes? I bet you didn't. I bet you didn't have room. I bet the closet and dresser are full of nothing but Jessie's clothes."
Her mother looked away. "Well, we didn't think about that. You're usually so good about looking after yourself."
"Right. As I figured. Where's my purse? Did you at least get my purse before you got kicked out of the house?"
"It's there on the coffee table," Jessie said quietly. She actually looked a little contrite, much to her sister's surprise.
"Thanks, Sis." Anna walked over, grabbed her purse and turned to leave. Her mother reached out to try to stop her and she violently shrugged out of her mother's grip. "I'm leaving, Mother. Don't try to stop me."
"Let her go, Mom," Jessie said. "She's just being a drama queen. I'm sure she'll be back when her money runs out."
"That's my sister," Anna said, briefly looking back with a wry grin. "Thanks for the reverse psychology."
"At least take a key card with you," Kathy said, trying to press one into her daughter's hand.
Anna let the key card fall to the carpet. "I'm not coming back here, Mom. I'll see you at home."
"You can't! You can't go home!"
The determined young woman shut the hotel room door on her mother and continued on to the elevators.

* * *

The taxi pulled up to the curb a block away from where the meteorite hit.
"This is as far as I can go," the taxi driver said.
"Thanks." Anna paid the fare along with an adequate tip, nearly emptying her billfold, and quickly got out. She watched the cab slowly drive away and turned to walk towards her house. She didn't get very far before she stopped.
The military had cordoned off the whole block, surrounding it with barricades and black and white "DO NOT CROSS" tape. Beyond the tape, everything looked normal except for large, irregular patches of color that stood out on several of the lawns. Tiny bits of the meteorite were sprinkled over the area, giving the grass color.
The young woman hadn't seen color other than the quick flashes from the meteors. Television couldn't display color and color was rare enough that there weren't many opportunities to see it. Her first exposure to color during the day, even though it was only green grass, took her breath away. It seemed so much more natural and nicer than the gaudy glowing colors from last year. She stood and stared for several minutes until the mild shock wore off. Then the time for action had come.
With a deep breath, she stepped over a low-hanging section of black and white tape and actually made it to the sidewalk in front of her house. The color addicts had left the area soon after the military moved in and security was fairly relaxed. She started walking across her big front yard, trying to ignore the patches of green, but she didn't make it inside before she was stopped by a stocky army woman who moved to stand between her and the house.
"Hold, ma'am," the woman told her. "You'll have to leave this area."
"I live here and I just need to get some of my things."
"I'm sorry, ma'am. I can't let you do that."
Anna gave the woman a blank stare. "I was outside when the meteorite hit. I was temporarily blinded and partially deafened, and I just got out of the hospital. I spent nearly all of my money on cab fare to get here and I have no clothes other than the ones I'm wearing. I just need to go inside and fill a suitcase with some of my things."
The army woman looked conflicted, sympathy and duty warring inside her.
The desperate young woman pressed her case. "I'm not a color addict looking for a piece of the meteorite. Check your records. My name is Anna Cornell and I live in the house behind you. I just want some of my things and then I'll leave."
"I don't think that's a good idea, ma'am."
"What are you afraid of? Have someone go in with me if that's what it takes."
"Well, we did clear the house of meteorite fragments."
"You went through our house?"
"Just following orders, ma'am."
"Would you shoot a baby if you were ordered?"
The army woman scowled. "No, I would not. You're not making this easy."
"I'm sorry. I haven't had a good last couple of days. May I please just go get some of my things? It's bad enough that I'll have to walk back to the hospital."
"What? Where's your family?"
"I believe my dad is working and my mother and sister are downtown at a hotel thanks to the government's generosity. But my mother is too busy spoiling my younger sister to deal with me. My sister's clothes took up too much room. There wasn't any room for mine so I had to come and get them myself, and I'll be dragging my suitcase to the hospital since I can't afford another taxi."
"Why don't you just hyper phone your mother to pick you up?"
"Hyper phones," Anna spat. "I hate those humming monsters. I don't care if they have nearly perfect reception. I wish we still had the old phones. It doesn't matter though. I can't afford a phone anyway. I can barely afford community college. I have to live at home and pay my parents whatever I can scrape together for rent. Not easy considering I don't have a job at the moment."
The army woman finally heard enough. Sympathy won over duty and she radioed in to be temporarily relieved of guard duty so she could chaperone Anna.
The two women soon ended up in the house with Anna going through her things while the other woman stood guard just down the hallway from the bedroom. The army woman at least had the decency to give Anna a little privacy.
Shards of glass littered the floor from the southeast facing, broken window and the upper east part of the room had several small holes where meteorite fragments punched through. The carpet had burn marks but none of the fragments made it through the floor. Instead, it looked as though the fragments bounced around inside the room. Either that or the army knocked over her lamp and broke picture frames and various knickknacks.
Anna looked around and sighed. The bedspread, sheets and blankets had been pulled off her bed and left in a heap on the floor. Her one stuffed animal was the only thing left in the middle of the bare white mattress on the bed. She sat on the bed and picked up the small black teddy bear, holding it so it faced her.
"Hello, Mr. Crabapple. I'm sorry you had to be left behind."
The bear silently stared back at it her with its white button eyes. She kept the teddy bear as a secret symbol of her estrangement from her family. She felt closer to it than any of her family members.
"I'm here now though," she said. "And don't worry. I'll keep you with me."
She squeezed the middle of the bear's body in a show of affection and noticed a small hole pucker on one side. Curious, she slid a finger inside the hole and felt around until her fingertip rolled over what felt like a smooth pebble. Being fairly certain what it was, she pushed the pebble farther down into one of the teddy bear's legs. She held her fingertip on the pebble for a count of fifteen and pulled it out. As she suspected, her finger had color, but she still gasped at the sight.
"Are you okay in there?" the army woman called, still staying out of sight.
"I'm fine! I… there's just so much glass everywhere from the broken window!"
"Be careful and let me know if you need help."
"I will! Thanks!"
She watched as the color faded after less than a minute to confirm that she had in fact touched a meteorite fragment, and that led to an internal debate about giving up the fragment. She debated herself for all of ten seconds when an image of her sister popped into her head. Imagining her sister getting color along with the world's largest smirk made the decision easy. The fragment was hers. It was in her stuffed animal, in her bedroom, in her house. It was hers and she was going to keep it and make good use of it. She'd make plans. She'd be careful.
The young woman finished packing her black suitcase, leaving just enough room for her toiletry bag, which she filled and packed last. She checked her netbook for damage and, seeing that it was intact, zipped it into a padded outer compartment of her suitcase before having a quick last look around. She didn't own much. Everything she really wanted fit in her suitcase so she declared herself ready to go. The teddy bear had already been carefully added to the middle of her suitcase just in case color bled out far enough through the stuffed animal's fabric to give away the meteorite fragment. Anna left nothing to chance.
Being black with white eyes, the stuffed animal was easy for the army to pass over. The meteorite couldn't give color to something that was black or white. Anna's sheets and mattress cover were also white so any contact with Mr. Crabapple couldn't give itself away. Her teddy bear made the perfect partner in crime.
When she stepped into the hall to leave with the army woman, she hoped that she didn't look guilty. She didn't feel guilty. There was nothing wrong with keeping the meteorite fragment. Nothing. So why did it still feel wrong?
The two women exchanged names and a little small talk, and when they made their way back to the street, past the black and white tape, Anna held out her hand. "Thanks for letting me get my things, Carol."
The army woman gripped the offered hand and gently shook it. "You're welcome, Anna. Are you sure I can't take you to the hospital? It's several miles away."
"No. That's fine. I can use the walk. It'll help me cool off. I'm still angry with my family."
Carol nodded. "Take care then."
"You too."
Anna lied to the army woman about the real reason for wanting to walk. It was easy to lie and she hated herself for it. Until that day, she'd done it quite often to hide her true feelings when it came to her sister. She just wanted to get through college, find a job, any job, and escape her family. She avoided conflict whenever possible, and if that meant telling a little lie now and then, she did it.
It'd surprised her when she blurted out the truth to her mother and sister earlier that day, surprised and pleased her in spite of the hurtful things she said. She'd kept her feelings bottled up for too long, and after getting a taste of telling the full, unvarnished truth, she knew that she'd be doing more of it.
As she slowly made her way to the hospital, she started on the real reason for walking. She had a lot of thinking to do, starting with finding a place to stay. That part might be easy depending on the Pendletons. She planned on confessing her family problems and pleading to stay with them. She noticed that their house was just outside the cordoned off area, and if she could stay with them, it could make it easy to experiment with the meteorite fragment. She didn't want anyone to see her with color until she was ready and the Pendletons would most likely spend a large part of their time at the hospital, watching over their poor son and leaving Anna alone in their house. They'd trust her. She was practically family given how much time she spent with Jack.
Having a good start on her plans, she idly wondered what Jack might look like with color and blushed a dark gray. She'd count down the months to his eighteenth birthday and wait to see what might happen. She'd be free to ask him out then.

* * *

The walk to the hospital felt a lot farther than six miles, especially when she had to pull her wheeled suitcase up a long, winding road during part of the journey. When she reached the top of the tall hill, she appreciated the wide view of the forested river valley below but her feet burned and her whole body felt tired. The climb wasn't worth the view.
Anna hadn't spent enough time keeping in shape to make it easy. She didn't have a car but she didn't have to walk anywhere. Her family always took her where she needed to go, or more like she caught a ride when it was convenient. Every weekday morning, her mother drove her to and from college. It made sense since her mother worked as a career counselor at the same college.
I wonder if I can take a bus to school.
The idea of commuting with her mother made her uncomfortable after their little fight at the hotel. And the idea of taking any more money from her parents for college made her feel even worse. She suddenly realized that she'd have to interrupt her education unless she got lucky enough to get a good job before fall classes started. Dropping out of school was a depressing thought.
She trudged on and hadn't got very far past the crest of the hill when a car with two colorful teenage boys drove by. One of the teens shouted, "Get some color!" That made her sigh and long for the day when she too would have color, thanks to her meteorite fragment.
Anna wondered where the boys got their color and figured they must have some meteorite fragments. She'd have to be very careful and bide her time before she gave herself color. If she didn't wait long enough, people would likely guess that she had a fragment and it would be very easy for someone to steal it from her, especially while walking alone in the middle of nowhere.
Another mile dragged by, and after a short rest stop and a little more walking, the top of the hospital building came into view. She wanted to hug it but of course it wasn't practical to hug a building, and her relief wouldn't last long if her plans didn't work out. There was no guarantee that she'd be able to stay with the Pendletons. She could only hope. There was always hope, her oldest and dearest friend after her teddy bear.
The front entrance welcomed her and after getting inside, she stopped for a moment in surprise when she saw the fountain that had mesmerized her earlier that day. The fountain was just inside the large front doors but she expected it to be tucked away in some other part of the building.
I must have been a little out of it.
The relaxing sound of splashing water tempted her to stay and listen to it but she shook it off and continued on to the waiting room where she'd last seen the Pendletons. She breathed a sigh of relief when she spotted Jack's mother, alone, nodding off in a chair.
"Hi, Mrs. Pendleton. I'm back."
"Oh! Hello, dear. You startled me."
"I'm sorry. But I need to talk to you, if it's okay."
The woman nodded and Anna told her most of what had happened since she left the hospital and how she hoped to stay with them. It was a short but intense conversation, and after it was over, Mrs. Pendleton sadly shook her head. "I don't think I should get involved in your family problems."
"You wouldn't be. I'm an adult and I just need to get away from them. I can't live like a stranger in my family's home. I can't!" Anna started crying, and when Mrs. Pendleton didn't say anything for several minutes, the young woman got up and started to leave. She called back over her shoulder, "I'd rather be homeless than live with them. The neglect wouldn't hurt as much if I'm homeless. Goodbye, Mrs. Pendleton. Thanks for listening."
Anna slowly wandered down the corridor, trying to think. She didn't have any close friends. Everyone she knew from high school had gone off to college anyway. There was nowhere to go.
She drifted past a nursing station and thought to ask about homeless shelters. One of the nurses gave her a sympathetic look and directed her to another part of hospital that might be able to help her, and just as she turned to go there, she nearly bumped into Mrs. Pendleton.
"I couldn't help overhearing you ask about homeless shelters," the older woman said. "I guess you really are serious."
Anna nodded, not trusting herself to speak. She was afraid that if she spoke, she'd start crying again.
"In that case, you can stay with us then, dear."
Anna's eyes lit up and she rushed forward to embrace the woman, whispering words of thanks over and over.
Mrs. Pendleton gently pulled back and looked the young woman in the eye. "I do have one condition for you that you might not like. I insist that you tell your parents that you're staying with us. In spite of what you might think, I'm sure your parents will worry if they don't hear from you."
"Okay," Anna said quietly.
The two women settled into adjacent chairs back in the waiting room and discussed living arrangements. Anna would house-sit while the Pendletons were either at the hospital to watch over their son or at work. The young woman even agreed to do housework, anything to help earn her keep. And she'd look for a job when she could.
Anna's eagerness bordered on desperation, something that Mrs. Pendleton noticed. The kindly woman would do what she could to help, including having a talk with Anna's mother. She said she didn't want to get involved in anyone else's family matters but it pained her to see how bad things had gotten. She had no idea.
"What are you going to do about college?" the older woman asked.
Anna sighed. "I'll just have to put it off. I can save my two years worth of credits and use them later but I don't have enough money to continue on my own."
"You could if…."
"Please, Mrs. Pendleton. Don't say it. I'm not going to accept any more meager handouts from my parents. If I keep accepting their money, I'll never be free of them. And student loans don't sound like a very good option either. I've heard nothing but horror stories about students being financially crippled by debt."
The two women lapsed into a thoughtful silence until the older woman thought to ask something that suddenly occurred to her. "You don't have a car, do you?"
Anna shook her head. She didn't have one but her sister did. Jessie had a used but very reliable car that she complained about incessantly. Her sister had a hyper phone too. According to their mother, Jessie needed the car and high-tech phone for her modeling career. That thought made her shake her head again. She had to stop thinking about her sister or she'd go crazy.
The Pendleton residence wasn't too terribly far from a bus line that she could use to commute. If Anna could walk six miles pulling her suitcase, she could walk a little less than a mile to a bus stop to keep a job. She just needed to get a job.

* * *

Two days later, Anna found herself alone in the Pendleton's home, giddy with anticipation and wearing nothing but lingerie. Jack still languished in a hospital bed, fighting colorful infections that doctors had a hard time identifying, and Jack's worried parents were presently at work. It was time to experiment with the meteorite fragment.
The first step was deciding where to touch her body with the colorful fragment. She thought it might colorize her more quickly if she started with pressing it against her stomach as opposed to just holding it in her hand, but she wanted to know for sure. She started by holding it in her left hand and watched with fascination as color slowly spread across her hand and up her arm. In less than thirty minutes, her whole left arm had color and she laughed with delight. She next wedged the fragment between her bare thighs and watched again as the color spread down her legs to her feet and up towards her torso. Her panties turned light blue and she laughed again, but her laughter ended abruptly when she took a step and noticed that her bare feet left colored footprints on the carpet. She quickly stuffed the meteorite fragment back down Mr. Crabapple's leg and hid the teddy bear near the bottom of her suitcase.
Her first set of footprints only lasted about twenty minutes, and none of her other footprints lasted very long. No one else would see them but she didn't stand very long in any one spot after that, and she quickly got dressed. Her running shoes insulated her feet well enough to keep from staining the carpet with color. The shoes themselves gained color though. Her jeans and the left sleeve of her blouse did too. She worried about getting caught every time she heard a car drive by but all of the color would fade long before either of Jack's parents got home. One thing she knew from surfing the Internet was that color would only last about twice as long as the time that something spent touching the source of color.
To take her mind off the wait, she sat on a black stool in the kitchen and thought about her most recent phone conversation with her mother. As she predicted, it didn't go well. Her mother seemed incapable of understanding why she left. Anna had been too good at hiding her feelings from her family. That upset her more than anything else as she had to accept at least part of the blame. She should've been more open about feeling neglected, even if it wouldn't have helped matters very much. Her parents had a blind spot when it came to her younger sister, and they'd grown too used to Anna being the older, responsible sibling who seemed perfectly fine on her own.

* * *

The next day, Anna stood in the bathroom wearing lingerie and her running shoes. She started her experimentation by using the fingertips of both hands to hold the meteor fragment in her belly button and in thirty minutes, both arms were completely colorized along with most of her abdomen. After another hour, color had seeped up her neck and spread over the bottom half of her face but she ignored the clock. She couldn't tear herself away from her reflection in the mirror. She had to see her eyes and hair with color.
After two hours, her entire head had color and she couldn't stop staring at her face in the mirror. She didn't think to check the rest of her body. She didn't care. If she did check, she would've seen that her shoes, lingerie and entire body had been colorized. The size of the meteor fragment made all the difference in how fast it colorized someone. She briefly wondered what would happen if someone touched the largest chunk of meteorite and she blushed. Color excited her more than anything else had in a long time. Even with color, most people would describe her appearance as plain at best, but the color itself was beautiful.
She grudgingly put the fragment back into Mr. Crabapple's leg before trying a few more experiments. She wanted to know as much as possible about how color worked before immersing herself completely into the wonderful world of color.
For her first experiment, she threw on her best blouse and a pair of dark gray jeans and stood in the bathroom. She wanted to time how long it took to give color to her clothes. It didn't take long. Within less than a minute, her light gray blouse turned pale yellow and her dark jeans looked more purple than gray.
She didn't really have names for the colors. No one did except for the blue color given to the moon last summer. Everyone identified that color as blue and with the colorful meteorite, she wondered if more colors might not be named. In the meantime, her subconscious filled in names for them. She had to have some way of telling them apart. The universe was filled with more than various shades of gray.
The second experiment was meant to test how far color could spread. Until she was ready to show off her color, it was important to see how many layers could pass along color, and apparently, the answer was zero. Only clothes and objects in direct contact with her skin could hold color. They couldn't pass it on to anything else. Her mother told her that but seeing it for herself still gave her a sense of relief. She wouldn't have to worry about sitting somewhere and leaving a color stain. She could've learned that from her shoes the other day but she wanted to be sure.
Her last experiment dealt with Mr. Crabapple. She took him back out of her suitcase and set him on the floor with the meteorite fragment tucked inside. After leaving him there for a minute, she picked him up and was pleased to see no color stain on the floor. As her mother said, only living things and the strange meteorite itself could pass on color to something else, and the color would only be added to a small area when in direct contact. It made sense. Otherwise, color might just keep getting passed from object to object until everything had color.
One last thing she noticed was that color could still spread a little in whatever she touched, like water being absorbed by a paper towel. Not every part of her clothes remained in contact with her skin and yet her clothes had no patches of gray. That meant that the color could spread a little in her clothes to fill in any gaps.
The only thing left was to decide how long she should wait before unveiling her color to the world. She knew she should wait a bit longer at the very least. If she gave herself color anytime soon, people would easily guess that she got it from a meteorite fragment. But the waiting was so difficult, and it only became tolerable when she listened to the news on the radio while she cleaned house.
Violence broke out more and more frequently in the area as people fought over the few remaining meteorite fragments. In spite of the government stepping in to take most of the meteorite, the fragments spread over too large an area to find them all. Enough new fragments were found to encourage people to come from all around the globe. Everyone combed the neighborhood and the fragments kept trickling in. The government meant well but they actually aggravated the problem by adding to the scarcity of the meteorite fragments. Fighting and thievery were inevitable.
Even if she waited years, someone would likely suspect her of having a fragment and if that someone was desperate enough, they might try to rob her of it. She had to keep the fragment in contact with her body while keeping it hidden. Adding a fragment to a piece of jewelry would be far too obvious, though using regular jewelry might make good decoys. She considered eating the fragment until she thought about how easy it would be to lose it in the toilet. There was no way she'd pick through her poop everyday to find it again. No, she had to wear it somewhere.
The answer came to her when she sat on the couch to take a break from housekeeping. She slipped her shoes off and checked herself out. The color had seeped out of her feet and she watched as the line between color and gray slowly reached her ankles. She suddenly thought of an ankle bracelet and a smile crept across her face. Boots and pants could keep it out of sight and even when it was visible, not many people would think to check her ankles. At least she hoped so. There weren't many decent options.
Anna checked through her small assortment of jewelry and found a charm bracelet that would work. She didn't like wearing bracelets on her wrist but she could just as easily wear it on her ankle instead. The bracelet just needed a few modifications and she'd be set.

* * *

Job hunting frustrated the young woman. She didn't have as much free time as she really needed and not having a car made it more difficult. Having color would make it easier to get a job but she felt it was still too soon to give herself color.
The week passed by slowly and the government finished cleaning up the meteorite. The families that were displaced were allowed back into their homes to begin repairs.
Anna still didn't have a job but she didn't go back to her family's home. She stayed with the Pendleton family and celebrated with them when Jack finally got to come home. Her meteorite fragment was momentarily forgotten as she tended to her friend's needs. He was weak and needed a little help. And he had color. In fact, he was completely colorized and she couldn't take her eyes off him.
She loved helping him because she got color from Jack simply by touching him. He encouraged it too, and it was mostly innocent physical contact. He obviously wanted to be in a relationship with her but they both knew that he had to wait until he was older. In the meantime, they both enjoyed having color. He even touched her clothes to give them color since she couldn't give color to anything. It made all the difference in her mood. Everyone in the Pendleton family noticed.
Jessie came by once to check on her and the younger sister gasped when she saw Anna, completely colorized. Shock very quickly turned to envy and after a few angry words, the girl left. Anna figured that she most likely went back to their mother to complain about not having color and her mother soon confirmed it with a phone call.
The first words out of her mother's mouth were, "How could you?" The woman didn't bother with a greeting.
"How could I what? Help my friend Jack and get color through incidental contact?"
"You know what I mean, Anna. How could you not share color with your sister? And don't give me that crap about incidental contact. I've read about color. You'd have to stay in contact with Jack for a long time to keep color all day. I don't see you having sex with him…."
"Mother!"
"Let me finish, dear. You're not having sex with him so either you're holding hands all day or you've got a piece of that meteorite. I don't see you holding hands all day either. That only leaves the meteorite."
"My color isn't from a piece of meteorite."
"Nonsense. You should give it to your sister. She needs it more than you. Think of her modeling career. She'd do so well with color."
"I don't believe you. Did it ever occur to you that I might benefit from color? Jessie still has her good looks. She'll likely still be a good model. But what do I have? Nothing! I'm still struggling to find a job."
Mother and daughter continued to argue and Mrs. Pendleton couldn't help overhearing Anna's end of the conversation. The woman slowly shook her head.

* * *

Later that same day, Mrs. Pendleton walked over to visit with Anna's mother, Kathy. They lived a little less than a block apart so it wasn't a long walk, but the woman dressed for the summer heat and still suffered. She welcomed a slight breeze that blew across her face and just made it to the Cornell's doorstep with minimal perspiration. She rang the doorbell and hoped for a quick response.
"Come in. Come in," Kathy said as she opened the door. "What a nice surprise. What brings you here?"
Gail Pendleton sighed. "Well, we haven't really gotten together for a while."
Kathy sighed too. "And yes, we do have a couple of things to talk about."
"Like our children."
"Yes, like our children."
The two women sat down at the dining room table, comfortably sipping iced tea together under a spinning ceiling fan. They started with a little reminiscing about Anna and Jack in their younger days and only slowly came to the point of the visit. And Gail saw firsthand Kathy's unhealthy focus on her youngest daughter.
Gail shook her head. "You don't think Anna could do with a little more attention?"
"What do you mean? She seemed fine until recently. That stupid meteorite really messed things up."
"It wasn't the meteorite, Kathy. The meteorite was only a trigger. Anna has felt neglected for a long time."
"How can you say that? How can you possibly know?"
"Because she told me. She actually said that she'd rather be homeless than live with you. She said the neglect would hurt less if she was homeless. Doesn't that tell you something?"
"Well, I don't know. Are you sure she wasn't just upset by the meteorite?"
"That meteorite was actually one of the best things to happen to her. It indirectly gave her color through Jack and she's never been happier. She's starved for attention and is finally getting some."
"So she doesn't have a piece of that meteorite?"
"Not that I've seen. She doesn't give color to anything. Jack has color from the meteorite and Anna really has been spending a lot of time helping him, and since they're together so much, he graciously holds hands with her to give her color. Those two have always been good together. I wish she was a little younger but they might still be able to get together in a few years."
Kathy shook her head and talked mostly to herself. "I was hoping she had a piece of that meteorite. Jessie has been so down lately. The color would help her in so many ways." She stopped listening after hearing that Anna didn't have a meteorite fragment.
Gail gave up at that point. She thanked Kathy for the iced tea and company and went back home, where Anna anxiously waited.
"Well?" the young woman asked with hope in her voice. "Did you get through to her?"
The older woman sadly shook her head. "You were right. It's hopeless. I'm so sorry." She didn't say it but she was especially upset that she hadn't noticed sooner. She would've invited the neglected young woman over more often.
Anna sighed. "It's okay, Mrs. Pendleton. I didn't expect you to succeed. I had hope but didn't really expect anything to change. Thanks for trying though."
Gail took Anna's hands in her own. "It was my pleasure, dear. You'll always be welcome and appreciated here at least. But perhaps you might do with some help with your job hunting."
"Oh, yeah. That."
"If you can keep your color long enough, you could probably get a job fairly easily."
"Right. I understand that, Mrs. Pendleton."
"Please, dear. Call me Gail. As you've said before, you're an adult now."
"Right. Thanks… Gail."
The two women made plans for Gail to take Anna with her when she went to work. Anna would then go off to hunt for jobs in the morning while she had color and leave for home a little before lunchtime. Jack and Anna spent lots of time together but not enough for Anna to keep her color all day, and besides, he'd still need some help. He couldn't make it through the whole day very well on his own. She'd come home to Jack and either bring him lunch or make him something.
Jack liked the plan. He certainly didn't mind holding hands with Anna and she loved the color. The plan worked well.

* * *

After a short trip to the unemployment office to look for job postings, Anna found several candidates, but she never got far once hiring managers found out she didn't have permanent color. They understood that she wasn't a color addict. She didn't chase after or steal meteorite fragments, but she could lose her color. They only wanted her if she could stay colorful to help attract business. That and they usually had an all too common ulterior motive when it came to those with permanent color. They hoped to exploit and profit from whatever special ability would come to someone with permanent color. She didn't stand a chance.
She skipped buying anything for lunch and took a bus back to the Pendleton residence, where she broke down in tears. She sat on the edge of Jack's bed and he didn't know what to do so he simply held her hand and kept her colorful.
Anna sat by his side, with him lying in bed, and neither one of them spoke for the longest time. They listened to the sounds of cars going by on the busy street out front and watched as a thin strip of sunlight moved across the floor. When nothing else worked, she looked down at her pink fingernails and that finally got her to shake off her mood. She couldn't stay sad, not when she had color. Being colorful gave her a confidence that she hadn't had before and she wasn't about to waste it. Just because a small handful of companies wouldn't hire her didn't mean no one would. Even if her color was temporary, she'd find someone who'd appreciate it for however long she kept it. And she meant to keep it for a very long time.

* * *

More trips to town eventually yielded a part-time job offer. It wasn't ideal but it was a start and Anna took it. She'd be an office assistant for a charity, where pay was low but morale was high. The charity organization would put her color to good use, helping to cheer up the less fortunate who took advantage of the charity. She liked that, and she liked that she'd start right away, working afternoons during the normal work week.
She'd be able to take a bus to work and ride home with Gail, who'd pick her up on the way home. The office where Anna worked wasn't far out of Gail's way.
On her first day, her boss, a gentle grandfatherly man with a baggy suit, introduced her to everyone and showed her around before having her settle in at a small desk just outside his office.
After shooing away a small gathering of admirers who stopped to appreciate her color, Mr. Gallagher, her boss, put her to work, attending to more practical matters. She ran errands, helped welcome the needy — who never failed to goggle at her color — and used an ancient desktop computer to organize, schedule and print everything that was asked of her. She was fast and efficient and Mr. Gallagher thanked her profusely. He'd been without an assistant for too long.
"I don't care if you lose your color someday, Miss Cornell," he told her later that same afternoon. "I'll gladly keep you on."
She blushed but happily accepted the kind words. She truly hadn't received enough kindness in her life, not at home and not at her previous jobs where people got yelled at if they didn't move fast enough.
At the end of the day, she was picked up and before she did anything else, she quickly slipped her feet halfway out of her high-heeled shoes. She'd done a lot of walking in those shoes and they weren't very comfortable.
"How was your day, dear?" Mrs. Pendleton asked as soon as Anna clicked her seatbelt.
"Please, Gail. If I'm to call you by your first name, please do the same for me."
"Right. I'm sorry… Anna. It's easy for me to forget how old you really are. You look so young."
"I know. It's a curse. I have trouble being taken seriously."
"Yes, I'm sure. But you'll come to appreciate when you're older. Trust me on that."
"So everyone tells me."
The two lapsed into a comfortable silence for the rest of the ride and when they got home, Anna rushed in to check on Jack. She'd left him with lunch but she didn't like leaving him alone in the afternoon with nothing much to do except lie in bed. Before, when she'd left in the morning, she didn't feel as guilty because he usually stayed up late and slept in. He wasn't awake for most of the morning so he didn't need as much attention.
"I'm still here," he said with a little amusement when he saw her worried look. He was getting stronger every day and soon wouldn't need any help.
Anna moved over to sit in a chair by the bed to recharge her color and noticed that his hand didn't feel nearly as clammy as it had when he first got home from the hospital. She wondered when he'd be able to look for a job of his own. When that happened, it wasn't likely that they'd be able to maintain enough contact for her to keep color for very long. She briefly considered swapping jobs with him so the charity could still have someone with color and the thought almost made her laugh. She'd actually forgotten about her colorful little meteorite fragment.
The two of them spent the time before dinner engaging in idle chitchat like they normally did and the young woman managed to squeeze in some thoughts about how to keep her color full-time. Having Jack give her color was a stroke of luck. She'd been able to use his color as a transition to using the meteorite fragment. The only problem was how to hide that she had color from the fragment. If she touched anything and gave it color, she'd give herself away. She'd think about that more later though, when she had some time to herself. In the meantime, she finally found the nerve to bring up something that'd been bothering her. She felt like she should already know the answer but it made her nervous to think about it.
"Jack?"
"Yes?"
"Why do you always have your drapes shut? You've got a bright ceiling light but natural light is supposed to be a lot better for you."
"Seriously? You don't know?"
She shrugged.
"Well, I'm on the ground floor and if anyone looked in and saw me with color, we were afraid someone might break in and rough me up looking for a meteorite fragment. You must know how bad the neighborhood has been lately, though I guess it's safe enough during the day."
"I've heard but I haven't exactly seen any of the ugliness for myself. I guess it hasn't quite sunk in yet."
"That might be a good thing."
She smiled and finally remembered to tell him about going back to her house where she had an encounter with the military. They graciously escorted her inside her own home so she could fill her own suitcase with her own things. The sarcasm wasn't lost on Jack.
"Yeah. That sucks. But it was still nice of that woman to let you go in. She didn't have to."
"I know."
They sat in silence for a short time before Jack tried to continue the conversation. "Hey. Haven't you been watching the news? The meteorite has been all over the news. I saw a colorized guy who'd been hammered, literally, with a hammer, by a mugger who was after a piece of the meteorite. Harsh."
"Oh, no. Please. Stop. I really don't want to hear any of the stories."
He blushed and apologized.
Anna felt the years stretch between them at that moment, and she wondered if he'd ever catch up enough in maturity to be boyfriend material. She hoped he would. She'd always have hope.

* * *

For the first two weeks of her job, Anna kept her color at work, and her sunny disposition matched the pleasant summer weather. The warm weather made things easier for her. Wearing fewer, light clothes with no jewelry except silver hoop earrings showed everyone it was unlikely that she was hiding a fragment of the colored meteorite. No one would try to rob her of something that she didn't have.
She hunted for another part-time job but couldn't find one to fill her mornings. It didn't diminish her happiness though. She lived with a caring family and, for the first time in as long as she could remember, she felt like she belonged somewhere.
Her color helped her mood, and Jack's color helped confirm her reputation as someone having color without having a meteorite fragment. She was mostly left alone. The occasional stranger on the street would give her a long look of envy or hatred but wouldn't dare do anything in the safe areas where she dared to walk.
At the end of those first two weeks of work, Jack felt well enough to venture outside. And another week after that, he started to look for a job and soon found one, thanks to his color. He'd be what Anna called a retail wage slave, and he no longer had enough free time to give her the color that she craved. She had to put her plan into action.
When she got up Monday morning and drew the curtains to look outside, only a few clouds scudded across the sky. It looked as though she'd have to dress for warm weather but light clothing would upset her plans. Then she looked at the backs of her gray hands and frowned. She no longer recognized them as her own. She'd gotten too used to having color.
Wearing only lingerie in the bedroom, she sat on the bed and reached into Mr. Crabapple to pull out her modified bracelet with the meteorite fragment. She put the bracelet around her left ankle and watched as the color spread down to her foot and up her leg.
"Ah," she said to herself. "That's better."
She started thinking about her small selection of clothes and worried about what she could wear to cover the ankle bracelet. She had to wear something to hide the meteorite fragment and whatever she wore had to look nice enough for work. That limited her to one pair of boots and a pair of houndstooth slacks.
I really need to go shopping.
She spent the next two hours waiting to be completely colorized and trying on different combinations of clothes that included either the boots or slacks. At one point, she even considered wearing the boots with the slacks but the brown boots didn't look very good with the slacks and she flopped down on the bed in frustration.
As the noon hour approached, her anxiety level skyrocketed and she felt an odd sensation suddenly come over her. Her skin tingled and she felt hot all over. The feelings lasted only a few minutes and ended as abruptly as they began. Then something amazing happened. A thunderstorm sounded in the distance and she didn't think to worry about herself.
Anna bounced up off the bed to have a look and saw the weather turning for the worse. She quickly pulled on her soon-to-be dark purple jeans and slipped into her brown boots. The color combination worked. She just needed a nice top.
As she rummaged through her clothes, the thunder seemed to taper off and she looked outside again to see a light rain that soon stopped. The sun slipped out into a large patch of open sky and her anxiety level spiked again. She almost cried as she slipped back into her closet to find a blouse or short-sleeved top that would match her lower half. She touched each item to bring out its color, and while in the back of the closet, she heard thunder again. The weather seemed a little unstable and she'd try to take advantage of it, hoping for the best.

* * *

Mr. Gallagher blew into the office looking a little damp and grumpy. He marched down the center aisle between desks, dripping water from his suit as he went. "Crazy weather!" he shouted as he approached his office. "It wasn't supposed to rain today!"
Anna sat at her desk, typing on the computer and worrying that someone would notice that the keyboard keys weren't quite black. She looked up at her boss and gave him a timid smile. "Hi, Mr. Gallagher."
"Hello, dear," he said, returning her smile. He couldn't stay upset with Anna around. She was like a daughter to him and she brightened his day no matter what troubled him. "Interesting colors today," he remarked.
"Thanks. I had a little trouble deciding what to wear but the weather actually helped. I don't have a lot of nice clothes for this kind of weather."
"Oh? Perhaps Mindy could take you shopping after work. She seems well-dressed for rain today."
"Yes, but I have to be a little more careful. A lot of colors clash with each other, and my friend likes to give color to my clothes."
"Really? Well, I'm sure Mindy can still help. Another pair of eyes never hurts."
"Sure. Thanks for the suggestion, Mr. Gallagher."
The old man went into his office, shutting the door behind him to show that he wasn't to be disturbed for a while. Anna knew him well. He didn't take long to understand. He didn't have many moods, mostly just kindly, firm, or blustery, and he spent most of his time being kindly. It suited his appearance. He looked and acted much like Santa Claus without the beard.
She sat and thought about her problem of deciding what to wear and shook her head. With black, white, and shades of gray, it wasn't nearly as difficult. Colors added a whole new dimension to selecting outfits. There were so many more combinations to consider. She thought about dressing for the different seasons as well as different weather and it flustered her a little until a loud rumble startled her. Another thunderstorm was passing overhead.
The weather wasn't helping her nerves that day. She'd be relieved to get home and not have to worry about what she wore.

* * *

Before she could get home, she had a promise to keep. She promised herself that she'd go shopping for more clothes. After checking bus schedules and calling Gail to say that she wouldn't need a ride that evening, she took her boss' suggestion and asked Mindy to be her shopping partner. Mindy enthusiastically agreed and the two were off.
Mindy didn't quite qualify as old in Anna's eyes. The woman was less than twenty years older than Anna. She had dark hair and seemed fit enough to make several laps around the mall. She wore slacks, a long-sleeved blouse, and had a long coat to keep most of the rain off. Having her along seemed promising and their shopping trip started off well.
The two women walked over to the nearest mall less than two blocks away from their office and boldly walked into the main entrance. Several shoppers, mostly women, stopped and openly stared at Anna. It got bad enough that Mindy felt the need to shout, "She has a colorized friend! She doesn't have a piece of the meteorite!"
A few people sighed and some glared but they moved on. It was safe to shop for the moment and the pair walked down the hall to the nearest large department store at one end of the mall.
Up until that point, with the anxiety about being discovered as having a meteorite fragment and the unstable weather, Anna hadn't thought through having Mindy along for clothes shopping. She shouldn't be able to give color to anything, but with the meteorite fragment, she'd give color to her clothes, and she'd give herself away to Mindy and anyone else who saw her come out of the dressing room wearing new, colorful clothes.
With no other reasonable options, she decided to try the truth. Hearing Mindy unknowingly lie to defend her made her cringe. She hated that. She hated lying, so she talked Mindy into following her into a dressing room for an important announcement.
Anna shut the door to the tiny room and plopped down on the chair, trying to work up the courage to confess.
Mindy raised an eyebrow. "Well? What did you want to tell me?"
The colorful woman sighed and looked up at Mindy. "I'm so sorry. I didn't lie to you earlier about getting color from a friend, and I don't want to start now. I also don't want you lying for me."
"Wait. Don't tell me you have a piece of that meteorite. You do, don't you." She glared down at Anna. "Move over. I need to sit now."
They both sat on opposite edges of the same chair, looking away from each other as Anna explained the situation.
"I'm sorry, Mindy. I really am."
"It's okay. But why did you ask me along when you can give color to the clothes you'll be trying on? Didn't you realize that you'd give yourself away?"
"Yeah. That. I obviously didn't think things through. Mr. Gallagher suggested I ask you to come with me and like a good, little puppy, I obeyed."
Mindy snorted a laugh and then sighed. "I guess that means shopping is over."
"It doesn't have to be. I can stay in here, briefly try on some clothes to give them color, and wait for them to lose their color before coming out again. I can do the same for you as well, if you like."
"That's a tempting offer. I'd love to see what I look like in an outfit with color."
Anna gave a faint smile. "It might even be fun."
They followed through on their shopping. Anna discreetly gave clothes a bare minimum of color on the rack to select them, and she made sure they lost their color before taking them to the dressing room. She even thought to hold them by black or white hangers so she didn't transfer any color. 
Once in the dressing room with Mindy, she'd try on an outfit, mixing and matching tops, skirts, and pants, giving them color so both of them could critique the result. She'd quickly take off an outfit and have Mindy put the clothes back on the hangers while she tried on the next outfit. The clothes lost their color quickly that way.
The two women made good progress browsing through the zigzag racks of clothes. Anna had gotten her first paycheck and found several combinations of outfits to mix and match for work. She spent less than half of her money and saved the rest for lunches and rent. The Pendletons were overdue for some rent money.
Anna had a good eye. Most of her selected outfits had colors that matched well and looked good on her. She quickly reached her self-imposed limit. Then it was Mindy's turn.
Mindy approved and expressed an interest in having clothes with matching colors even if they would go back to being gray. She likened it to wearing a matching bra and panty set. No one else would see her lingerie but she'd know. It mattered to her.
Anna's shopping partner found some wonderful color combinations that held their color long enough to model. The tops and bottoms looked good together and looked good on Mindy.
"I wish I could take a photo to remember the colors but I know it isn't possible," the older woman said.
"Yeah. It's too bad cameras can't handle color. Maybe someday though."
"Maybe someday." Mindy sighed and continued her appreciation of her reflection until her clothes faded to gray. Then she sniffed back a tear.
"I'm sorry, Mindy. I didn't mean to make you sad."
"No, it's okay. I really am grateful for the experience. Colors are so beautiful. Even a few minutes of wearing colorful clothes is wonderful. Thanks."
"You're welcome."
They continued on for another couple of hours, mostly in silence except for an occasional word of criticism or praise. They'd been so preoccupied with shopping that they'd forgotten about dinner. Anna's stomach grumbled a reminder and both women laughed at first. But the younger of the two sighed and spoke up. "I don't really have enough money for dinner so I'd best get back home. I barely have enough in my budget to take the bus."
"Hang on." Mindy thought a moment and offered her coworker a reward for the colorful fashion show. She'd happily buy dinner for Anna and drive her home and the young woman accepted. But first, they had to get out of the mall.
The department store had its own exit to the parking lot but that route was a little out of the way so they went back the way they came, leaving the store and going back towards the mall's main entrance. It seemed like a good idea until they met the shopper from hell.
A tall, slender woman with elegantly coiffed hair stood just off to one side of the main entrance. Her clothes and jewelry looked expensive and her makeup looked beautiful and flawless. Only the desperate glint in her eye gave her away as someone to be wary of, but the two women missed that.
When the woman saw Anna approach the entrance, she stepped up to block her. "Where is it? Give it up!" she said, raising her voice.
Anna looked rattled. "What?"
"You know what I mean, you little tramp. Where's your piece of the meteorite?"
Mindy took over at that point. "She has a colorized friend who gives her color. She doesn't have any meteorite."
Anna gasped when she heard the lie again. But she didn't offer any words to confirm or deny it. She just gave her best deer in the headlights look.
"Don't give me that crap," the belligerent woman snapped at Mindy. She turned back to look down at Anna. "A mousy little thing like you doesn't deserve color."
Anna didn't like that one bit, and her anger gave her enough courage to stand up for herself. "Well, I have it whether you like it or not."
The woman suddenly slapped her and spoke slowly, as if to a child. "Give it to me."
Anna held a hand to her reddened cheek and glared at the woman. "My friend Jack was hit by small bits of meteorite. They gave him color and he's been giving me color. Now let me past!"
Anna tried to push past the desperate woman, holding her white-handled shopping bag in front of her like a shield. The other woman grabbed her bag and the two of them spun around in a mad frenzy. Lightning flashed behind them and thunder boomed very soon after, but they didn't notice.
Against her better judgment, Mindy reached in to try to stop the fighting. She just got pulled along for the ride and ended up shouting for security.
Two mall cops came running by that point. They gently but firmly separated the three women and forced them all out the door. They didn't want to deal with the fight so they just gave the women some advice. "Leave the premises or we'll have you all arrested."
None of the women liked the idea of ending up in jail so they parted company, with the desperate woman leaving first in spite of a sudden heavy rain shower. She pushed an errant strand of hair behind an ear and quickly left the cover over the mall entrance, her heels clicking out an angry staccato as she went back to where her expensive car was parked on the street. She revved the engine in a mad fury and peeled out on the wet pavement before quickly disappearing around a corner.
Mindy and Anna looked at each other and gasped.
"Where did she come from?" Mindy asked.
"I have no idea. It was like she was waiting for me, but how did she even know I was here?"
"I guess crazies come out of the woodwork when you've got color. I'm so sorry, Anna. Having color isn't always as nice as it seems."
"Not when pieces of that meteorite are so rare that people fight over them."
After the incident with the desperate woman, Anna decided she'd never go out alone again if she could help it, and the larger the group she had with her, the better. The desperate woman didn't seem intimidated in the least by two women.
The rain didn't last long so they didn't get too wet when they walked to a nearby restaurant. In spite of recent events, the two women insisted on going out to dinner at a quiet little Italian bistro that Mindy recommended. The owner knew her so she knew it'd be a safe place to eat.
They sat down to a short, quiet dinner, and after dinner, they had a slightly anxious walk back to Mindy's car, but Mindy got Anna home in one piece. The ride ended with no more excitement, and the weather calmed enough to allow the moon to shine through gaps in the clouds once or twice.
The short drive home was as quiet as the dinner. The ugly incident at the mall still had them somewhat rattled though.
Anna sighed when the car pulled to a stop. "Thanks for the dinner and ride home, Mindy."
"You're welcome, Anna. I'll see you tomorrow at work. But keep in mind that it won't be possible to keep people from eventually finding out that you have a piece of that meteorite."
"Yeah. You're right. I'm not sure what to do about it but I'll give it some thought."
The young woman got out of the car and trudged up to the Pendleton residence, letting herself in with a spare key. She tried to avoid any contact with her host family but Jack caught sight of her racing for her bedroom and managed to intercept her.
"Hey! Are you okay? You look a little upset."
Anna went back with him to the living room and recounted her experience with the desperate woman at the mall. By the end of her story, she was in tears and Jack scooted closely next to her on the couch, wrapping an arm around her waist in comfort. Normally she wouldn't like him touching her but in that case, she turned and cried on his shoulder.
While she cried, Jack looked down at her and cocked his head. It took him awhile to realize that she still had color when she shouldn't have. It was late in the evening and they hadn't been in contact since yesterday. They were no longer able to be together in the morning since he got a job.
"Anna?"
"Yes, Jack?" She sat up and looked back at him.
"You've got color?"
"Oh." She blushed and spoke quietly. "Yeah, I do."
"How?"
"Do you want the truth or do you want to hear what I've had people say in my defense when someone thinks I have a piece of the meteorite?"
Gail suddenly spoke up from across the room where she'd been standing and listening. "I think we'd both like to hear the truth, Anna." The older woman moved over to a chair and sat in it, waiting.
The young woman collected her thoughts. She reminded herself that she liked telling the truth. It felt good and she wanted to do more of it.
She started slowly, saying how she told people that Jack had been giving her color, and how she let a coworker repeat what she said to defend her. She had a good excuse for having color and people left her alone. All was good. Then Jack got his health back and even though she could no longer truthfully use him as an excuse, she did anyway. Or actually, she wanted to let others repeat what used to be the truth. It was safer that way, and it worked, except when it came to the crazy woman at the mall who refused to believe the lie. She ended by explaining how she found a meteorite fragment in her teddy bear and secretly made plans to use it. It was her own fragment that had given her color that day.
"It's mine," she said. "It was in my house, in my bedroom, in my teddy bear and I'm keeping it."
Gail and Jack gave each other a worried look before Gail turned back to the young woman and spoke. "I agree it's yours Anna, but is it really a good idea to use it? If one person thinks you have a piece of the meteorite, there'll be others. There are a lot of crazy, desperate people in the world."
"What's the point of having it if I don't use it? I want color. I need it. I guess I'm one of the those crazy, desperate people because I'm desperate for color."
Gail sighed but didn't have an answer to that. She knew the young woman's family history, knew how truly desperate Anna was for attention. For Anna, color was more than a novelty and it was different from an unhealthy addiction. It was therapy for the years of neglect that Anna suffered, and the older woman couldn't bring herself to take it away.
"Jack?" Gail said, turning to her son. "I think we can keep it a secret. Right?"
Jack looked a little shocked, but he knew the correct answer to his mother's question. "Right."

* * *

The next morning brought an unpleasant surprise. Anna received a phone call from the hospital about her missed appointment. She'd been scheduled to have a followup checkup for her eyes and ears and completely forgot about it. They'd notified her mother a day in advance instead of her so it was easy to forget, and now they wanted to charge her a penalty fee. She realized that her parents must have given them the Pendletons' phone number but she referred them back to her parents. Her mother could deal with it. Anna didn't have any health insurance through work and she was no longer depending on her parents for anything. The hospital agreed and she never heard another thing about it.
Missing the doctor appointment concerned her a little. She got out some ear phones and separately tested both ears. They seemed fine and her vision seemed normal enough. That included her night vision. Ever since the meteor shower, she looked up at the night sky almost every night and had no trouble seeing. Everything seemed fine so she considered herself healthy.
She sat on her bed wearing a satin robe and thought about Jack's interest in stargazing as well as his interest in her. The meteor shower didn't really interest her all that much and his attraction to her made her a little uncomfortable. Still, she was glad that she went in spite of the danger. She had to be honest with herself and admit that she might not have found her meteorite fragment if she hadn't accepted his invitation.
Everything happened for a reason in her opinion. She felt like she was meant to have color, even if meant having to deal with people like the desperate woman from yesterday. People like that served as a reminder to be careful about giving herself away. She just had to be careful. Anna looked down at the backs of her colorful hands and sighed. She had to keep her color. She just had to.
She went out to the kitchen for a quick breakfast before getting dressed for the day. Work was hours away but she dressed nicely anyway, and she whiled away the time by watching television. A daytime talk show currently interviewed a group of color haters and for some reason, it fascinated her. She couldn't understand how anyone could be indifferent to color let alone hate it. The color haters couldn't articulate their reasons for hating it so it remained a mystery. They most likely learned to hate it from their parents, and the original hate came from a fear of the unknown. How else could someone hate such a beautiful thing?
Jack came into the room and plopped down next to her with a bowl of cold cereal in his hands. He shoveled the cereal into his mouth as he watched, with an occasional angry grunt to show what he thought of the color haters.
Anna shook her head at both Jack and the people on the show. Anger on both sides wouldn't help matters but she kept quiet.
By the time the show ended, Jack had finished his cereal and quietly stewed in anger. "That was so stupid," he complained.
Anna sighed. "It's sad, really. Some people are just so full of hate. If it wasn't color, they'd find something else to hate."
"Yeah. But I guess we don't have that problem here. We've got just the opposite."
She nodded agreement but didn't say anything. She didn't want to talk about her obsession. She knew it wasn't exactly healthy but she stubbornly clung to it anyway.
After they both zoned out for a short while, she did finally speak again, changing the subject. "You don't work today, right? Do you want to go for a short walk and get some sun? It's been a nice day so far."
Jack looked out the front window. "Yeah. Not like yesterday. Yesterday was crazy."
The two of them got up together and nearly bumped into each other. Anna laughed. "I need to go change my shoes. These aren't made for walking." She pointed to her high-heeled work shoes.
Jack shrugged and left to wait for her in the entry way.
She showed up wearing her running shoes along with a new pair of slacks that she bought during yesterday's shopping trip. The light cotton fabric of her slacks kept her from getting too warm and the colors matched both her short-sleeved top and running shoes.
With a smile and a light step, the colorful couple wandered around the neighborhood. They noticed several police cars patrolling the area and hoped they wouldn't be detained. With both of them having color, they had to look at least a little suspicious, but they were left alone.
Anna's slacks concealed her ankle bracelet. She felt safe and secure walking with Jack, and the weather wasn't too warm. She thought that if she could keep wearing slacks for the rest of the summer and into fall, she'd be home free. Once she established a long history of having color, she hoped people wouldn't be as likely to think she had a meteorite fragment. Then the only thing she'd worry about would be not having a special ability. An absence of a special ability might prove worrisome. It would make it difficult to show that she had permanent color. It was very rare that a colorized person didn't eventually find out their special ability.
At least I don't have to worry about my age.
Most colorized people gained their color in their early to mid teens. Anna was just past her teens but she easily looked young enough to have just gotten color.
The only thing she really had to worry about for the near future was her timing. The meteorite strike was still fresh in everyone's minds and many would continue to suspect Anna of having a fragment no matter how careful she was.
A large cumulous cloud suddenly threatened rain and the pair turned back towards home. They got back inside just before a heavy shower soaked the area.

* * *

For the next month, Anna didn't feel brave enough to look for another job. She wanted to keep a low profile for the rest of the summer. She made just enough money to pay a fair amount for rent and keep herself well-fed and well-dressed. Entertainment wasn't an option but she was content with her life for the moment. Her goal was to make it to fall so she could wear heavier clothing and keep her ankle bracelet well hidden. She'd look for another job and try to move out then.
The unstable weather helped. The second half of summer remained cooler with lots of thunderstorms so she could wear more concealing clothing. She'd never seen so many storms. They fascinated her and concerned her at the same time. The weather forecasters were completely baffled by the localized weather patterns and they jokingly blamed the meteorite. The meteorite got blamed for a lot of the area's troubles, even though most of it had long since been removed by the government. It had been over two weeks since that the last fragment of meteorite had been found and virtually all of the color addicts had given up and left.
Most fragments had been taken far from the city by that time. It was obvious since there were so few colorized people left in the area. Jack and Anna were two of only a half dozen people, and then Jack's color faded away, leaving five.
It shocked Anna to see Jack looking gray again. Whatever microscopic bits of meteorite that had been embedded deep in his body worked their way out and left him with no source of color so his loss of color was inevitable.
She felt guilty and held hands with her friend on the weekends to give him color, or more like wean him off of it. He'd grown too used to being colorful and was having a hard time being gray again. Giving him color repaid him for the color that he'd given her.
Anna's stress levels increased along with stormy weather when she started getting more harassment from lingering color addicts. In spite of hanging out with her coworkers or Jack's family, she couldn't keep them away, not when they found out that Jack no longer had color. Jack was supposed to be her source of color and now she had no excuse. She had no answer when someone accused her of hiding a meteorite fragment.
Her coworkers didn't know about Jack until a fateful encounter with a drunken man one evening after work while Anna waited for Gail to pick her up. Three of her coworkers surrounded her in their office building's parking lot as they talked. Mindy and two others stuck around to keep her company and offer some protection that didn't hold up well against a drunk.
A drunken man walked slowly out of nearby bar and soon spotted the colorful young woman. The rarity of color made her stand out all too well, and being fairly drunk, the man's inhibitions left him feeling brave enough to confront her.
"Hey!" he yelled as he approached the group. "I know you!" He pointed roughly in Anna's direction with the grease-smeared finger of a mechanic. His voice slurred a little to give him away as being drunk and the women started edging away from him. "Everyone thought you got color from your boy toy but he's gray again. Where you really gettin' yer color? Huh, babe?" He winked at her and laughed at her reaction.
Anna looked down and blushed but didn't say anything.
"Yeah," the man said. He turned to stagger away and muttered, "I thought so. Stupid color addicts."
The encounter with the drunk left most of Anna's coworkers scandalized. Mindy already knew all about Anna but the others didn't. They didn't know that Jack lost his color. None of them followed the color monitoring website. They all believed Anna got her color from her friend, and though they secretly envied her a little, they kept on good terms with her. The looks on their faces showed how shocked they were to learn the truth.
The colorful young woman raised her hands and tears rolled down her cheeks as she quietly told them all, "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."
Mindy slowly shook her head. "We probably should've told everyone in the office, but I guess it's too late now. I'll let Mr. Gallagher know. The rest is up to you, Anna. Good luck with him."
The young woman had a lot to think about and her stress levels quickly rose again. She knew everyone at work would eventually find out about Jack but she was totally unprepared for the revelation. When lightning flashed in the distance, followed soon after by thunder, she welcomed it. She purposely didn't use her umbrella when the downpour hit, hoping the rain would wash away her shame.

* * *

Gail parked, and when Anna climbed into the car, she held the soaking wet young woman so they could both have a good cry. Then she hurried home so they could both change into dry clothes. Hugging the wet young woman soaked her as well. The hug also gave her some color for a short time but she ignored it. She appreciated color but she feared that she might develop an addiction, like her son and Anna.
When they got home, the older woman warned Jack off to let Anna have some time to herself. She told Jack all about what happened and the gray boy sighed. He went back to the living room to flop down on the couch and finish watching the evening news on the television. The television showed nothing but bad news but the short news segments couldn't compare to the ongoing daily stress that plagued his good friend and neighbor.
Anna went off to her bedroom and Gail joined her son on the couch to watch the news with him, trying to forget about all of the personal drama and replace it with global drama. She immersed herself into the negativity of television news and huffed.
What a mess.

* * *

Anna had to force herself to get up and go to work the next day. It took her over thirty minutes to get out of bed and another fifteen minutes in the bathroom before she threw on her satin robe and dragged herself out to the dining room for a light breakfast. No one joined her so she didn't have to worry about any awkward conversation at least. That would come later.
It took her twice as long as normal to get dressed but she started getting ready a lot earlier than usual. She knew herself too well. Wearing nothing but lingerie, she scattered various articles of clothing on the bed and draped her bare arms across them to give them all color so she could easily mix and match several outfits. It passed the time well enough.
More often than not, the sight through the window attracted her attention as she rearranged her clothes on the bed. She saw the weather and sighed. The steady rain didn't help her mood. Still, she'd use her umbrella in spite of wanting to soak herself again. She needed to be at her best to confront everyone at work. Her inner child tried to talk her into soaking herself to look pitiful and get sympathy and the young woman got a cynical chuckle out of it.
Getting to the bus stop was always a little scary since she walked alone. The busy road helped though. It was only when a passing motorist called out something stupid or hateful that she flinched. Nothing happened during her walk that day, thanks in part to the gloomy weather. No one had their windows rolled down and they weren't generally in a mischievous mood with the gloomy weather. Anna thanked the rain for small mercies.
A noisy old bus arrived a little late as usual and the colorful woman stepped up, instantly feeling everyone's eyes on her. Most people respected each other's privacy and kept to themselves but that didn't apply to someone with color. Being stared at came with the territory and she tuned them all out as usual. She was getting good at it, losing herself in her thoughts that turned to playing out upcoming conversations in her mind. Her imagination came up with a lot worse things than having a few people stare at her.
When she got off the bus a block away from her office building, she breathed a sigh of relief in the rain before steeling herself for her next challenge. Everything became a huge chore. Opening the front door to enter the building, opening another door to the stairwell and walking up the stairs to the second floor all took far too much energy. With her head hung low, she walked down the aisle to her desk feeling completely drained. She plopped down in her chair and sat frozen for several minutes until she felt ready to start preparing for work.
Mr. Gallagher didn't give her much time. He entered only a few minutes after she did, and he mirrored her body language as he walked down the aisle towards his office. The hunched over man looked so old and forlorn. It broke Anna's heart, especially since she knew that she was responsible.
When he drew even with her desk, he looked up and his sad, tired eyes met hers. "In my office. Now," he told her.
She could see a swirl of unpleasant emotions on his face and she reluctantly followed him in and shut the door behind her.
Mr. Gallagher shrugged out of his trench coat, muttering about the rain. He hung his coat on an old-fashioned, wooden coatrack and sunk into his high-backed, leather chair before fixing Anna with a stern look.
The office assistant still stood with trembling hands, just inside the door. She hadn't moved after closing the door and she looked like she might cry at any moment.
The kindly, old man softened his gaze and gestured for her to sit with a wave of his hand. When she didn't move, he quietly spoke to her, "Please. Have a seat, young lady."
His voice finally had the desired effect. She pulled up a low, padded chair and perched on the front edge, looking like a frightened wild animal, ready to flee at a moment's notice.
Mr. Gallagher noticed and spoke again. "Now then. Try to relax. I'm not planning on firing you. Think of this as a work review."
She gave him a sickly smile and scooted back on the chair.
"Before we get started, I want to confirm that I have indeed heard everything about your friend Jack. I know he's lost his color, and I can see the obvious. You still have yours."
Anna tried to say something and he held up a finger to stop her.
"Please," he cautioned. "Think very carefully about your next words. I'd like to know how you still have color and why you haven't told anyone."
She started slowly and told her boss everything, starting with leaving her family to stay with the Pendletons, then finding the meteorite fragment in her teddy bear, and ending with her plan to let others lie for her. She didn't explicitly mention her family's neglect but the man could infer it from what she told him.
After she finished, he sat quietly for several minutes to digest her story, and when he spoke, he sounded a little more like his normal, kindly self, but his words stung. "I'm very disappointed in you, young lady. Not just because we had to find out the truth from a drunk. I'm mostly disappointed because you didn't trust us."
She tried to speak and he stopped her again.
"Now now," he said, wagging a finger. "Let me finish, please. I think I can understand your concerns and fears. People have gone crazy over that meteorite. I'm sure you've been on edge since you started using your piece of it. But I hope we can move forward. I like you and I want you to continue working for me. I hope that makes things easier for you. I want you to feel you can trust us."
Anna's eyes lit up. "Oh! Thank you, Mr. Gallagher. Thank you so much!" She bounced up out of her chair and rushed around the man's desk to hug him from the side.
He frowned a little at first but it slowly turned into a grin. "Okay. That's enough. Let's get to work. Lots to do after all."
"Yes, sir!" she said, releasing him from her hug and returning to the door.
"Remember," he told her just as she gripped the door knob. "Truth and trust."
"Yes, sir. I'll remember." She left him with a big smile on her face and he couldn't help smiling himself.

* * *

Things went about as well as could be expected for Anna after Mr. Gallagher's implicit seal of approval. She kept her job but her coworkers still couldn't quite bring themselves to completely trust her. They hadn't heard her full story and they all went their separate ways after work, leaving the young woman alone. They were polite enough at work. They'd engage her in conversation. They just didn't want to deal with her outside of the office. Fear also had something to do with their avoidance. The drunk had upset everyone, and whenever Mindy thought about the desperate woman at the mall, she cringed.
Being left to fend for herself after work meant that Anna's anxiety levels remained higher than normal. She felt lucky though. The unstable weather continued and she kept her ankle bracelet well-hidden. Everyone in the area likely knew that she had a meteorite fragment but as long as she kept it out of sight, she felt safe enough.
Anna thought about moving at some point in the near future and quickly nixed that idea. She knew about the color monitoring website. Her whereabouts would be tracked wherever she went. There was no safe haven to escape to, and besides, she'd be away from the Pendletons, the only people she felt truly close to. She wouldn't miss her job all that much considering how her coworkers treated her away from the office. She couldn't blame them though, and she thought they might eventually warm up to her again. So when she weighed all of her options, she realized that it'd be best to stay and hope for the best. She always had hope, even though it proved to be an unreliable friend.
A week went by after her talk with Mr. Gallagher when one early evening proved particularly unlucky for the colorful young woman. Gail couldn't drive her home because of some unexpected car problems and her coworkers fled before an oncoming storm that brewed on the horizon. She had to take the bus, and that meant a short walk to the nearest bus stop, alone. Careful timing would help her catch the bus after a minimal wait, but a short waiting time would depend on the bus being on time, something that rarely happened, especially in bad weather when traffic slowed to a crawl.
The concerned woman exited her office building with a timid, hurried gait, making it to the bus stop without incident other than the thunder that boomed in the distance.
She kept her umbrella handy for any rain, and possibly an attacker. After her coworkers stopped protecting her, she'd actually sharpened the metal tip of the umbrella to use as a weapon, just in case. It seemed like a good idea, or maybe it was just her desperation talking. It didn't matter though. She wasn't prone to violence. The weaponized umbrella was nothing more than a token security blanket.
She hung her umbrella from her wrist and nervously swung it to and fro while she waited for the bus. Short, unpleasant scenarios played out in her imagination and her fear suddenly spiked when a familiar looking car raced by and suddenly skidded to a stop just beyond the bus stop. Another SUV pulled up behind the fast car and parked in a slightly more reasonable manner.
A flash of lightning lit up the area just as the desperate woman from the mall exited the fast car. She looked angry and gave the bumper of the SUV a kick, shouting, "Get out here, you idiots!"
Two well-built young men dressed all in black quickly got out of the SUV, looking a little sheepish. The taller of the two muttered, "Sorry, Trish."
The woman screamed. "I said not to use names! Are you stupid or what?"
The men shrugged and then turned to look at Anna, who paled in the faint light of the nearest street light that had come on from the gloom of the gathering storm. The bus was nowhere in sight.
Two more very close lightning strikes, one almost immediately after the other, made everyone a little nervous but Trish wouldn't be denied. After some extremely loud thunder, she directed the two men to grab Anna and rip her clothes off.
The colorful woman shrieked and dropped her umbrella when she heard that. She ran up the street, hoping for her late bus to arrive and save the day.
The athletic men caught up to her in short order and followed their orders while Trish slowly approached with a feral grin after picking up Anna's umbrella.
Their victim kicked, screamed and cried to no avail. The men were far too strong and the nearly constant thunder drowned her out. A sudden downpour added to the background noise and the poor, young woman didn't have a chance. No one heard or saw her, or if they did, they didn't dare to interfere.
Trish took advantage of the umbrella, keeping dry as she looked over every square inch of Anna's exposed skin. She didn't think to worry about getting hit by lightning and didn't have to. The tall buildings in the area took all of the hits.
When the ankle bracelet was eventually uncovered, she yelled out, "Aha!" That's all it took. She snatched the ankle bracelet with the meteorite fragment and bent down to add some parting words. "It's the law of the jungle, honey. Only the fittest get color." She walked back to her car with a smug look of triumph and peeled out on the wet pavement, followed soon thereafter by her two goons.
The bus arrived a few minutes later and pulled over immediately when the driver saw a woman, huddled on the ground and crying with her soaked clothes scattered around her. The lightning had tapered off, leaving a warm, heavy rain but a couple of compassionate women stepped off the bus to help dress the half-naked victim while the kindly bus driver waited. One of the women quietly asked Anna if she'd been raped. The victimized woman slowly shook her head and no one thought to call the police.

* * *

When Anna got home, she went right to her bedroom, stripped out of her wet clothes and slipped into bed. No amount of pleading could get her to leave the bedroom but Gail eventually heard the reason for the distraught young woman's behavior.

The older woman fumed when she heard what happened. After bringing a little food into the bedroom for Anna and watching the young woman pick at it for a short time, she went out to the living room and paced for nearly half an hour before she ended up in front of her computer. She actually tried to find Trish's address, but with only a first name to go by, it didn't work well. Still, she thought the woman would eventually reveal herself once she got color. Someone like that would no doubt boast about it. She didn't know about the color monitoring website or she would've tried it, though it would be too soon for Trish to show up on the Internet as someone having color.
But what then? She couldn't very well steal back the meteorite fragment and the authorities wouldn't be of any help. No one was supposed to have a piece of that accursed meteorite.
Gail sighed and gave up for the night, hoping the morning would bring some answers. She mentally calculated that Anna would keep her color for another ten weeks or so. That might be long enough for a therapist to help the neglected young woman get over her obsession with color.
Not likely though. Anna had been neglected for too long, and she'd kept her color for too long to make up for that neglect. Using color as therapy didn't seem like such a good idea in retrospect. Everyone knew there was a good chance of having the meteorite fragment stolen but the Pendletons went along with it, and now it was time to pay the piper.

* * *

The next morning and all throughout the day, a heavy rain soaked the area. The drenching gloom reflected Anna's depressed mood very well. It didn't do well for most everyone else's mood either. Most people expected several long stretches of sunny days throughout the summer and they were going through terrible sun withdrawal. August passed by with much more rain and clouds than sun, and September was starting out even wetter.
Both Anna and Gail stayed home from work that first day after the robbery, Anna to deal with her loss and Gail to do what she could to help. They had several long conversations that did nothing but offer a momentary distraction from the emotional pain. The young woman needed a lot of time to heal, and though she might recover more quickly with professional therapy, she didn't have the money for it. That depressed her even more.
The two women moved to the living room after breakfast, sitting in comfort together on the couch with all of the lights on and the television off.
"Anna, please. You can't dwell on this forever. There's more to life than color."
"I know, Gail. I know. But it's so easy to rationalize everything. Sometimes everything seems so black and white." She had a short, cynical chuckle over the phrase. "Then those pesky emotions fly in and slap you in the face."
The other woman sighed.
"Yeah," Anna continued. "Rational thought is black and white, and emotions are the colors."
They dwelled in silence for a short time before Gail finally spoke again.
"I don't know what to say or do. I wish I did but I don't. So what do we do now? What are you planning on doing? I hope you're not going to try stealing back your little piece of meteorite. I have to confess that I gave it serious consideration last night."
"The thought had crossed my mind, actually. I don't think it's a good idea though. Still, it makes me so angry when I think about how she must have planned it all out. Just like when she first attacked me at the mall, it was like she was expecting me. Waiting for me."
"I wish my car didn't break down so I could've picked you up. That was odd because it just had some routine maintenance last week and it's been running great."
Anna got a sour look on her face. "You don't suppose that crazy woman sabotaged it, do you?"
Gail's eyes widened. "Oh, dear. From what you've told me about her, she sounds desperate enough to do such a thing. What a sad, terrible woman."
The young woman didn't voice her opinion of the thief. She was too polite to swear at the moment, and her sadness took over again instead. "It was my piece of meteorite. It was mine. Why do people have to steal? Why?" She started crying again and quickly received a long, gentle hug that helped soothe the pain.

* * *

The second morning after the robbery brought more of the same weather and emotions, both of which would last the entire week and ever so slowly taper off over the next couple of months. The wet weather slowly evolved into a pattern that alternated between heavy rain and thick fog, leaving nearly everyone grumpy and a little depressed.
With Gail to offer encouragement as well as a ride, Anna made it to work that second day. Gail took a second day off to drive the young woman both to and from work.
"You don't have to do this," Anna said as she settled into the car's front passenger seat.
"Nonsense. I have plenty of vacation saved up. I can spare a few days for you. I hoped to take some days off and stay here to putter around the house and garden but the weather hasn't exactly cooperated."
"Yeah. That's certainly true. Thanks, Gail."
"You're welcome, dear. Anna, I mean." The older woman still slipped up when addressing her. Anna looked more like a girl in her mid teens, making it hard to think of her as an adult.
Everyone in the office felt the same way about the young woman, though it played out in her favor. It helped make everyone more sympathetic and accommodating to her. She'd called Mindy and told her about the robbery, and it wasn't long before everyone in the building knew. Mr. Gallagher offered her more time off but she declined. She needed the work to keep her from dwelling on her problems. Work was a nice distraction and it helped people in need. There were a lot of people who were worse off than her after all.
Work continued as usual, with Anna's color drawing people in to see it. Everyone had to smile whenever someone saw color for the first time, especially when that someone was a young child. The infectious smiles and laughter of children could make even the gloomiest day seem sunny and wonderful. It certainly did wonders for Anna.
The week passed by easily enough with only two items of note. Jack decided to stop his handholding sessions with Anna, telling his mother that he wanted to quit color cold turkey. He wanted to be over his obsession with color in time to help Anna through her withdrawal when she went gray. His mother approved. Having to go back to school helped him make his decision. He wouldn't have nearly as much free time anyway.
The second item of note was when a certain local woman named Trish Stevens popped up on the color monitoring website on Friday night. The woman was heiress to a filthy rich real estate tycoon and she made a big deal about her first colorful night out, calling it her big debut. With her natural good looks, perfectly styled blonde hair and color coordinated clothes and makeup, those who saw her in person gasped at her beauty. No one even thought to accuse her of having a meteorite fragment. The woman was a true attention whore who made Anna's younger sister seem almost normal.
Photographs couldn't display color, but journalists wrote about Trish and described her colored perfection. The spectacular results made it obvious to Anna that the heiress had been practicing with color, but those results didn't make it right, no matter how much people approved. The more Anna thought about it, the angrier she got. Thunderstorms started hitting the area again, and the storms helped reinforce her feelings. She found herself stewing in her own storm of emotions far too often and only the love of the Pendletons and her work kept her from alternating between extremes of rage and despair.

* * *

Six weeks after being robbed of her meteorite fragment, Anna's anger peaked, though it was still somewhat diluted by her depression over her impending loss of color. Her emotions were as unstable as the weather.
Seeing Trish constantly make headlines with her hedonistic lifestyle triggered most of Anna's anger. The only thing the debutante seemed to care about was parties and being the center of attention at those parties. Color was wasted on her.
Anna couldn't help comparing Jessie to Trish. She hoped her sister didn't end up like the heiress but she saw the signs and they all pointed to the same lifestyle. If Jessie got color, her modeling career would likely take off and it would only be a short time before the girl became exactly like Trish. She didn't want that fate for her sister and it surprised her that she still cared.
By early November, nine weeks after being robbed, her depression took center stage again as she anticipated losing her color. She figured that she'd have about ten weeks of color before going back to her drab, gray life and she wasn't sure what would be worse, how she imagined she'd feel when she lost her color or how she'd actually feel after it happened. She hoped her future would be better than the dark fantasies that played out in her mind.
Jack longed to be with her and help her though her emotional pain but she shunned him. Seeing him gray after he had color instantly reminded her of her own fate and she couldn't handle it. The poor boy understood and quietly waited and suffered, thinking she might be more receptive to comforting after her color faded.
Heavy rains slowly edged out the previously common mix of fog and thunderstorms, and people complained bitterly. November was normally wet and cold but that didn't make it any easier to take after so many sunless weeks. Weekend road trips to warmer southern states became very popular. The road trips allowed people to get away from the dismal weather and regain some good cheer.
The Pendeltons graciously invited Anna to stay with them through the loss of her color, and they invited her to come along on a road trip to get some sun. They feared for her emotional state if she was left on her own. The young woman needed support. But another consideration cropped up.
Anna declined to go on the road trip and she'd only accept the offer to stay if she couldn't find another job, something that she'd need before she could afford to move out. In the meantime, she looked for employment, making it clear up front in interviews that she wouldn't be keeping her color. If a company wanted to hire her, it shouldn't do so because of her color. Business owners appreciated her honesty but it still made it difficult for her to find a job. The weeks rolled by with nary a job offer in sight.
Job hunting proved helpful to her though. It challenged her like nothing else had. She had to get creative and push herself like never before, and her determination bled over into how she handed her impending color loss. She was determined to get through it. She'd grieve of course but she wouldn't give up on life. She wouldn't give up on getting color back either, as long as it didn't become an obsession again. Any signs of obsession had to be carefully watched for and nipped in the bud. She might even consider restoring ties with her family, sometime in the distant future. She had to forgive them first though.
Her tenth week without the meteorite fragment passed, followed by the eleventh, and Anna still had color. It didn't make sense. She should've lost her color and the anticipation was killing her.
The color monitoring website had her marked as having temporary color, and they correctly identified the source of her color as being a meteorite fragment. What they didn't know was that the fragment was stolen from her. Trish wouldn't confess to the robbery so they had no idea of knowing. It didn't matter though. Everyone knew she couldn't keep her color without help. Then why did she still have color?
In the early morning of the first day of December, she sat at the dining room table, enjoying a cup of coffee and listening to a light rain pattering on the window. Next to her steaming mug on the table, she had pen and paper and finally started to calculate exactly when she would lose her color, and when she finished, she dropped the pen in shock. She couldn't believe the result so she double- and triple-checked her math before she believed her answer. There, on the sheet of paper in front of her, she'd written the date and heavily circled it several times. She should've lost her color by the twenty first of November. Impossible!
Sometime during her calculations, the rain had stopped and it took her a few minutes to realize it. She turned to look through the window and saw the most amazing sight. Off to her left, towards the west, a giant half circle of gray bands of light glowed in the sky. She saw a rainbow. That meant that the sun was shining. She shot up from her chair and quickly opened the sliding glass door, going out on the deck to confirm it. Along with bright sunlight, she saw only a few clouds to the east, and to the west, she saw the bright rainbow that slowly dimmed and disappeared as the rain dried up to the west.
As she stood on the deck, basking in the sun, oblivious to the cold for the moment, she knew. She knew with certainty. Her color was permanent. She had color! Even at twenty, she'd gained color. Her body was still youthful enough that she could gain color and she cried, but they were happy tears, and the sun continued to shine. The clouds evaporated, leaving the first clear day in months.
After the revelation of having permanent color, her next challenge was to figure out what special ability came with the color. She started wondering about it while still standing out on the deck, but she moved inside when she started shivering from the cold. Late fall sunlight was nice but it wasn't very warm.
Anna went back to her coffee, sitting and savoring the warm drink while she thought about special abilities. She reviewed the past dozen weeks and couldn't think of anything unusual that might be caused by a special ability, though she did remember feeling hot and tingly one morning before work. She knew that had to be when she got her permanent color. Her only other strong memory of that morning was how lucky she'd gotten that a thunderstorm hit that same morning, allowing her to wear heavier clothing to hide her ankle bracelet.
A thought suddenly popped into her head and she blinked in shock. No way!
She went to the hall closet, threw on a coat and went back out on the deck, trying to activate what she thought her special ability might be. It seemed unlikely but she had to try.
The trigger for her special ability wasn't readily apparent but then her intuition struck again and she gripped the deck railing to keep herself steady. She'd felt very stressed that summer morning, and the stress must have activated both her color and her special ability, assuming she was right. She thought about other emotions and moods over the past few months and her stress and depression came to mind. That fit her hypothesis quite well, and then she thought about Trish and her anger returned with a vengeance. Clouds suddenly roiled to the east and it wasn't long before thunder boomed in the distance. She flashed a wicked smile when she heard it.

* * *

After getting home from work with Gail, Anna collected the members of the Pendelton family for a meeting in their living room. Jack and his parents all sat snugly on the couch with Mrs. Pendleton wedged between her son and husband.
Mr. Pendelton didn't appreciate the interruption of the evening news. He stared at the blank television screen the whole time while Anna told them all about having permanent color. When she'd finished, no one seemed all that surprised and the man of the house reached for the television's remote control on the coffee table.
Gail stopped him with her hand and spoke up. "What about your special ability, Anna? Have you figured it out?"
The young woman nodded. "I have. But I don't want to say it just yet. I want to see if you can figure it out."
Mr. Pendelton sighed and his wife lightly slapped his arm.
Anna smiled at the display. "Before I give you a demonstration, I want to ask if you noticed the nice weather today."
Gail smiled. "Yes. It was a lovely day today."
The young woman nodded. "Don't you think it seemed especially nice after all the bad weather we've been having?"
All of the Pendletons nodded as one.
"Okay. With that in mind, along with my good mood," she said with a broad smile, "I want you to tell me what you've heard about that rich, colorful woman, Trish Stevens."
Gail looked puzzled but played along when it was apparent that the two males of the family were intent on keeping silent. "Isn't she that awful woman who stole your piece of meteorite? Why would you ask about her?"
Anna's eyes flashed with a hint of anger but it wasn't enough. She needed more motivation to trigger her special ability. "I just want to hear about her to rile me up. It's important for my demonstration. What have you heard about her in the news?"
"She's an heiress, I believe."
Anna nodded encouragement and Gail continued.
"She's been out in the public eye a lot lately. She likes parties and everyone seems to love her."
Anna quickly added, "But not as much as she loves herself."
Gail nodded. "Right. She seems a bit full of herself but I don't care how beautiful she is."
"So you think she's beautiful?" More anger flashed in the young woman's eyes.
Gail hesitated for several seconds when she sensed the anger but she continued. "Well, she is beautiful, on the outside at least. And I hear that her color is beautiful. Everyone who's seen her in person loves her makeup and clothes."
Hearing about the makeup and clothes angered Anna enough. Thunder could be heard in the distance and it got closer and louder as Gail continued talking about Trish's beauty and fashion sense. When the thunder was right over the house, it drowned everyone out and Anna stood there with a big grin on her face and her arms outstretched over her head as if to say, "Ta-dah!" with body language.
The Pendletons slowly put two and two together and their mouths hung open.
"No way!" Jack said during a brief quiet moment.
Anna quickly responded with, "Way!" just before another loud boom.
The whole family was surprised and amazed. Getting permanent color was rare enough but having such a powerful special ability was even rarer.
The colorful young woman's mood quickly brightened and the thunder went away just as quickly, allowing everyone to hold a conversation.
Gail suddenly looked concerned when she saw Anna's smile take on a dark edge. "You're not planning to go after that Trish woman, are you?"
"Do you want the truth or do you want to remain blissfully ignorant?"
"Anna!"
"I'm sorry, Gail, but I'm taking back what's mine."
"But you don't even need it any more!"
"She can't be allowed to get away with it!"
Thunder boomed fairly close by again and everyone took a deep, calming breath.
"Anna?" Gail asked. "Are you sure about this?"
"I'm sure. But don't worry. I'm certainly not going to try to kill her or anything."
"But the lightning."
"I'll see if I can control where it strikes. If not, I'll stick to areas like downtown where it'll hit the tops of the skyscrapers. I'll work on it. I'll be careful."
"I don't know," Gail said, shaking her head.
Her husband chose that moment to finally speak. "Let her do it. She needs to do it and that rich bitch needs to be taken down."
"George!"
"I'm sorry, dear, but I've heard enough about that smug, selfish woman."
"Yeah!" Jack chimed in.
"Shut up, Jack," his father told him.
Anna went off to help Gail get dinner ready, leaving Jack and his father to watch the rest of the evening news. The two women didn't talk much in the kitchen and Anna continued her silent musing for the rest of the evening. She had plans to make.

* * *

Anna didn't have nearly the resources that Trish did. Still, that didn't stop her from putting together a solid plan of action. She just had to keep track of important social events and be patient for the perfect moment. It didn't take long with the Christmas season rapidly approaching.
In the wee hours of Saturday morning, a week before Christmas, the determined young woman stood in front of the moderately tall city art museum on the edge of downtown where a lavish party was being held. In spite of the freezing cold, she wasn't wearing a coat. She wanted the cold to help motivate her to stay angry. Anger got her blood flowing and kept her nicely warm.
She'd sat in the comfort of Gail's car while she waited for Trish to finish partying. Gail graciously loaned her the car after getting Anna's promise to be careful and the young woman had spent several hours rubbing her hands together and thinking about how much fun the heiress must be having at the party. Angry storm clouds had soon formed and Anna toyed with the idea of trying to make the building lose power. That would certainly put a damper on the party and get Trish to leave early. Unfortunately, it would also get everyone else to leave at the same time. That wouldn't work well. She needed the woman alone or, at most, in a small group that she could easily intimidate, and she'd gotten a lucky break when she saw Trish staggering out between the same two young men who'd manhandled her during the robbery. She'd quickly gotten out of the car and ramped up her anger while she waited for the trio to approach her.
Trish and her two escorts stopped and blinked stupidly at the colorful newcomer. In their drunken stupor, they couldn't think very well. It took over a minute before the irritated heiress finally recognized her and sneered. "Well, if it isn't the little mousie. Hi, little mousie! Did you come to party? Too bad you're too late." She slurred her words horribly and laughed at the angry look on Anna's face, but she didn't laugh when lightning suddenly struck the top of the art museum behind her. The flash didn't bother her so much as the loud crack of thunder that almost immediately followed.
"Shit!" the drunken woman said. Her two escorts didn't say anything. They just looked a little scared.
Anna looked at both men, one after the other, telling them both to leave before she zapped them. She emphasized her threat by having lightning strike the art museum twice at the same time and the men ran off, leaving Trish to fend for herself.
"Well, honey," the angry woman said after the thunder stopped rumbling. "It looks like it's just you and me now. Time to give me back my meteorite."
"No way!" Trish shouted with anger of her own. "I stole it fair and square, little mousie."
"Give it back to me or I'll rip it off your bony wrist," Anna said, half snarling as she spoke. The angry young woman had been scrutinizing Trish's jewelry and spotted an elastic wristband that would make a nice way to press the meteorite fragment against the woman's skin. The black wristband fit snugly and looked too ordinary to be worn by a rich socialite who desperately wanted to impress the world. Anna couldn't see any sparkly, shiny stones on it in the dimness of the nearest street light.
"This is like, so juvenile. I'm leaving." Trish pulled her hyper phone out of her clutch to alert her waiting chauffeur and Anna snatched the phone out of her hand. The phone was in the hand without the wristband but Anna took what she could get for the moment. Trish carefully protected the wristband on her other hand, giving Anna more evidence that she'd located the meteorite fragment.
Anna backed off a little, taunting Trish. "You want your phone? Want it? Come and get it!"
Trish clumsily reached for it, shouting, "Give it back! Bad mousie!" She kept reaching for it until she reached out with the arm that wore the wristband.
Anna pounced and rolled the wristband down over Trish's hand. She had the wristband and screamed, "Got it!" Then, more quietly, she spoke once more to Trish, who'd suddenly gone quiet with shock. "This meteorite," she said while holding up the wristband, "doesn't belong to you. It's mine and I'm taking it back. And if you manage to steal it again, I'll zap the hell out of everything you own."
"But what about my color?" Trish started crying, quickly ruining her eye makeup. She looked a mess and Anna couldn't help feeling a little sorry for her. She could relate to the prospect of losing color all too well.
"I'm sorry, Trish. You'll have it for about another six months, assuming you've been wearing the wristband twenty four hours a day. Try to enjoy it while you can."
"But I don't wanna be gray again! Ever! Please!"
"Okay. Okay. Don't you dare tell anyone this, but if I find another fragment, it's yours." It was a hollow gesture considering how well the meteorite had been cleaned up, but she was sincere.
"You… you mean it? Really?" The heiress got a big goofy grin on her face.
"Yes, but please don't tell anyone."
"Aw. You're not such a bad little mousie. I'm… I'm sorry I took your mmm… thingy." She couldn't pronounce the word meteorite. She was too drunk.
Anna quietly gave Trish back her hyper phone and ran down the street, ducking around the corner of the next block. She planned to go around the block before getting back into Gail's car, just in case. She didn't want Trish to know that the Pendletons were involved and she wanted to run in any case. She never thought she could feel so good about stealing something, even if it did belong to her in the first place.

* * *

Saying goodbye to the Pendletons the next day wasn't easy but it was long overdue. Anna felt that she'd overstayed her welcome. After a few tears and some long hugs, the colorful young woman found herself back on the doorstep of her parents' home, with her suitcase stuffed full and an extra bag to hold the additional clothes that she'd accumulated. The cold, dark evening and the uncertainty of her homecoming made her shiver.
It seemed odd to ring the doorbell on what was once her own home. She pressed the button and lightly held her finger tip on it to give it a little color, watching it as the front door opened.
"Anna?" Jessie asked.
She slowly turned to look at her younger sister and gave the girl a genuine smile. "Hi, Sis. Is it okay if I come in?"
The girl quickly backed away. "Sure! Come in. Please." The hunger in her eyes spoke volumes about her true motives but Anna let it go.
"Are Mom and Dad home? I'd like to have a family meeting."
"Yeah. They're in the living room." The girl raced ahead, leaving her sister to slowly follow after depositing the suitcase and bag in the entry way.
Jessie had settled on the couch next to their mother and the man of the house sat in his recliner. The television had been turned off in anticipation of the meeting and all eyes were on the estranged daughter. Jessie's eyes were especially large as she anticipated good news, for herself.
Anna took a deep breath and started. "Hi, Mom. Dad."
"Hello, dear," her mother said. Her father simply gave her a curt nod, typical for him. So far, everything seemed so normal, but that wasn't necessarily a good thing, not for her.
"As you know, I've been staying with the Pendletons. I've relied on their hospitality for 
several months and I thought it was past time to leave. I only have a part-time job so I can't afford to move out on my own. I was hoping to come back and live with you again for a short time, just until I can find another job. Is that okay?"
Kathy gave her a faint smile. "If that's what you want. I think it would be okay."
Her father grunted his indifferent acceptance, again, typical for him, and all went quiet for a moment.
Jessie took advantage of the brief pause to blurt out, "Can I at least borrow your piece of the meteorite?"
"Funny thing about that. Trish Stevens and some thugs robbed me of it about three months ago. That's how Trish got her color."
The family collectively gasped in shock, though Jessie quickly recovered and cocked her head. "Wait a minute. How can you still have color after three months?"
"I wondered that too, and there's only one answer." Anna paused for effect, waiting to see if anyone in her family would figure it out.
Jessie's eyes soon widened. "It's permanent?"
"That's right. And you've already experienced my special ability. I'm so sorry about all of the rain and thunderstorms earlier in the year. It took me until a few weeks ago to realize that I had permanent color and could control the weather." She looked down at her feet and her eyes got a little teary.
Kathy sighed. "You didn't know, dear. It's not your fault."
"Thanks, Mom." She felt Jessie's eyes on her and looked back at her sister, still trying to decide whether or not to give her the meteorite fragment as an early Christmas present. The girl begged for color with her eyes and it started to bother Anna.
The older sister had spent hours going over all of the pros and cons of giving Jessie the fragment. She'd debated herself to death, and it wasn't until she saw her sister's quiet desperation that she knew what to do. No amount of counseling would help the girl to learn humility or control her obsession with color. Some people just had to experience and learn things for themselves.
"There's more you should know," Anna said. "I used my weather control to get my stolen item back from Trish."
Kathy frowned. "You didn't hurt anyone, did you?"
"No! I just intimidated her and took back what was rightfully mine. And just now, I've decided something. Jessie? I have a gift for you." She'd kept the black wristband with her at all times and she pulled it out of her shallow, front jeans pocket. "Here. Catch." She tossed it to the girl, who guessed what it was and greedily snatched it out of the air with both hands.
The girl looked a little confused as she looked it over, and Anna had to explain. "The piece of meteorite is attached to the inside of the elastic. The wristband will hold it against your skin to give you color. It'll take about two hours to fully colorize you."
Jessie shrieked with happiness and sprung up off the couch to give her sister a hug. "Thanks!" she shouted before quickly slipping on the wristband. She held it up as if she expected instant color and frowned.
"Like I said, Sis. It'll take about two hours. Be patient."
"I know. I heard you," she snapped. "But I'm not sure about this. I don't think I'll be able to keep it on when I model. It looks stupid. I can't believe Trish wore it to all those parties."
Anna sighed. "Trish kept it on so she'd keep her color as long as possible in case she lost it. You'll be able to keep color for about twice as long as it's been in contact with you."
Jessie frowned again. "Yes. Yes. But it's ugly. Why did you even bother to get it back? Can't you give me color instead? Won't it last longer if I touch you?"
The older sister tried to control her anger but thunder boomed in the distance and the whole family grew concerned. "Haven't you read anything about color? Touching me won't make it last any longer. Wear the wristband when you sleep and whenever you're not modeling and your color will easily last the entire day." Anna almost wished that she'd thought of that earlier. She most likely wouldn't have been robbed if she'd kept her meteorite fragment hidden away in her teddy bear when she went out, but then she wouldn't have realized that she had permanent color and the unstable weather would've continued.
Kathy rushed over to Jessie. "How wonderful! Now you'll be noticed for sure."
Anna nodded. "But I wouldn't recommend taking it outside. Ever. Like I said, you can probably wear it long enough at home to have it all day when you model. If you take it outside, there's a good chance someone will steal it."
"Oh!" Jessie said, coming close to tears. "I didn't think of that. Regular stalkers are bad enough but color addicts are the worst. What am I going to do?"
"Live with it?" Anna suggested. "I did. It wasn't easy but I did. I was going to post something on the color monitoring website tonight and I can truthfully say that I'm giving you color. Technically, that's true, and it'll take some pressure off of you but some observant people might still wonder."
Jessie thought about it a moment and frowned. "What if I just keep the wristband in reserve and have you come with me to my modeling gigs? We can hold hands and stuff when I'm not in front of the camera."
"I have a job, Jessie. I have my own life. I'm not going to be at your beck and call." Thunder boomed overhead, emphasizing Anna's growing anger, and the girl backed off.
An awkward silence followed until Mrs. Cornell noticed her favored daughter's hand. "Jessie! Look at your hand!" The girl's hand was fully colorized by that time and she and her parents were distracted by it.
Anna took advantage of the moment by slipping away. She went back to the entry way to retrieve her things and take them to her old bedroom.
After unpacking some clothes and putting Mr. Crabapple on her bed, she took out her netbook and soon connected to her family's home network. It didn't take her long to bring up the color monitoring website and update her status. She'd already had her post mostly composed in her head after having given it a lot of thought. The post explained her getting permanent color and her special ability. It also included a big apology for all of the bad weather as well as a note about giving color to her younger sister.
Her post didn't go over very well. Many angry comments immediately followed, mostly complaining about the weather. Some people wanted more than an apology. They wanted blood. But the extremists were cowards at heart, fearing Anna's control over lightning enough that they'd leave her alone.
The young woman watched the comments pop up and noticed a couple of guys asking about her sister's age. That bothered her more than a little, and it got her thinking. She did still care for her kid sister. She wanted only the best for Jessie and hoped the girl's attitude would eventually improve. Too bad no one could force someone to be humble and less selfish.
As she continued to think about it, she realized that giving Jessie the fragment was really more of an act of tough love. The meteorite fragment would likely be stolen again, and when that happened, Anna would help her sister through it. She might even hold her sister's hand once in a while, depending on the weather and Jessie's attitude. If the girl still lacked humility, it would have to be a very nice day before Anna would consider holding her sister's hand to give the girl color.

* * *

No one suggested anything about Anna going back to college. Instead, the rest of the family concentrated on Jessie's new found success. Since the tall, beautiful girl got color, modeling agencies fought over her and her career took off. It seemed odd though because cameras couldn't capture color. Her monochrome photographs looked exactly the same as before. It was only her numerous personal appearances that made the difference. She had to endorse products and services in person so everyone could see her color and she started to resent the long hours. It wasn't all fun and games like she'd imagined.
Anna smiled at her sister's rude awakening. It seemed to bode well, especially when Jessie seriously started thinking about giving up modeling. The girl wouldn't give up her color and the attention that it got her but she'd lost some of her lust for modeling.
The proud parents enjoyed a boost of local popularity having two colorful daughters, with the oldest daughter getting as much attention as the youngest thanks to her special ability. Scientists from around the world showed up to monitor the area and try to figure out how someone with color could affect the weather, but they didn't have a clue. The general public enjoyed the nervous reaction from the scientists whenever anyone attributed the weather control to magic.
As the weeks passed by, the Cornells fell into a comfortable routine. They all worked during the week. Mr. Gallagher and Anna's coworkers forgave her for the extreme weather and gladly kept her on. They helped to keep her stress-free and keep the weather nice, even going so far as to help her look for either another part time job or a full-time job. It was in their best interest to keep her happy but they truly enjoyed her company and wanted to make up for all of the recent unpleasantness in her life.
Jessie wisely kept her wristband hidden away from the public, only wearing it at home. The color monitoring website continued to list her as someone with temporary color who got it from someone with permanent color. She wouldn't be robbed of her meteorite fragment anytime soon and she didn't have the stress that her older sister had gone through, though that would eventually change when Anna moved out to live on her own. People would figure out that Jessie had a meteorite fragment when her sister wasn't around to give her color.
Everyone was as satisfied with their life as could be expected except for one niggling concern in the back of Anna's mind. The young woman couldn't help feeling sorry for Trish. She remembered the empty promise that she made about giving the heiress a meteorite fragment if she ever found one and the promise continued to haunt her. It wasn't until a certain conversation with her mother that a tiny seed of hope sprouted that might solve the problem.
Kathy sat with her oldest daughter at the dining room table early one Sunday afternoon. They both sipped coffee as they looked through the window, watching as Anna toyed with a few clouds, slowing them down, speeding them up and changing their size. The effects were obviously unnatural.
"Your control seems to be getting better," Kathy remarked.
"Really? It's hard for me to tell. But thinking back, I know I wasn't able to control clouds like this before. I guess practice helps."
"I'm just glad you're happy, dear."
"Why?" Anna said with a hint of cynicism. "Because the weather is nicer?"
Kathy sighed. "I only want what's best for you. You should know that even though I unfairly dote on your sister."
"Finally! I never thought I'd hear you say that."
"Yes, well, I'm sorry, dear. It took me far too long to realize I've been neglecting you. It wasn't until your sister got color that it finally sunk in."
"Oh, Mom. I forgive you. I actually forgave you the day I returned home."
Kathy smiled. "I've noticed a change in you. You're not nearly as invisible as you used to be. I think all of the attention you've been getting agrees with you."
Anna smiled back. "Amazing how much difference a little attention can make. Hm?"
They went back to watching the clouds for a short while until Kathy thought to bring up something else. "I wish you'd been home to help with the repairs."
Anna laughed. "Yeah. Sure. You miss me when there's hard work to be done."
"Oh, you. It's not like that. Not exactly. It's just that we had fun working together. It was a nice family bonding experience."
"Wait a minute. Jessie actually helped?"
"Yes! Of course. She's not completely self-absorbed. I noticed she was more interested in repairing her bedroom but she helped out in the yard too."
Anna suddenly remembered the patches of color that she'd seen in the grass. She lost herself in the memory until her mother spoke.
"Are you okay, dear?"
"Oh. Yeah. I remember seeing color in the yard. I suppose the military dug it all up."
"Yes, and we had to fill in the holes and replant grass. That was the worst part of it all."
They both went back to cloud watching again, and Anna thought back to the night of the meteorite strike. She remembered hearing the sound of the roof being pelted with grit and wondered about something that she'd privately investigate later.

* * *

Anna waited until her family left her alone one weekday morning. Then she went out to the garage to get the rickety old ladder that she'd used to get on the roof the night the meteorite struck. She climbed the ladder just far enough to reach up and touch some of the asphalt shingles. They remained dark gray, their true color, and she wondered if the military had thought to check the roofs. They might not have if they didn't see any color. She also wondered about the roof repairs and figured that any meteorite grit might have been too fine to notice in the bright summer sun.
After further investigation, no meteorite fragments or grit could be felt or seen on the roof and Anna realized that the rain would've washed the shingles clean months ago. She turned her attention to the gutter, and after confirming it was clean, climbed back down. She replaced the ladder with a bucket and garden shovel to dig in the rocks and sand at the base of the downspouts and it wasn't long before the telltale glint of color showed up. She'd found a new source of meteorite fragments and she had a suppress a shout of joy. It wouldn't do to give her find away. She imagined a swarm of color addicts descending upon the neighborhood to dig up everyone's yard and the thought made her shudder.
The deductive young woman found meteorite fragments at three corners of the house. She dug up small amounts of sand and rocks that contained the fragments and dumped the mix in a small bucket. She next sprinkled small quantities of the sand and rocks on the concrete surface in front of the back sliding glass door, and after picking out the rocks, she lightly ran water over the sand. The water made the colored fragments stand out all the more and she picked them out with tweezers, placing them in a clear plastic bag. It was a slow, painstaking process but she accumulated about half an ounce of fragments by the time she finished. After that, she gathered up the sand and rocks and used them to fill in the holes that she'd made.
Most of the fragments were small enough that they were more like gold dust than nuggets, but they were as precious as gold. She looked through them all and found one that was significantly larger than the rest, eliciting a sigh. She'd be able to keep her promise. That's all she cared about. She had no idea what she'd do with the rest, and she didn't even want to think about telling her neighbors. Some secrets were better left buried.

* * *

It took Anna three weeks to track down and meet with Trish. The heiress had gone into hiding after having her ill-gotten treasure taken back. She'd obviously been depressed about her inevitable loss of color.
The two young women ended up sitting at opposite ends of a short park bench, half surrounded by shrubs for privacy, though privacy was hard to come by since they both had color. Several dog-walkers and joggers made several passes, stealing a glance as they went by. It made conversation more difficult but not impossible.
"I'm here. Now what do you want?" Trish said, the anger evident in her voice. She didn't want to come but desperation and curiosity were powerful motivators.
Anna hadn't said exactly why she wanted to meet, citing privacy concerns, but she said it was in Trish's best interest to show up. 
"I'm here to keep my promise."
"What are you talking about? What promise?"
"You don't remember? I guess you were too drunk." Anna paused when a jogger went by, huffing obscenely as he went by.
Both women shuddered and Trish got a little impatient. "Are you going to tell me why you called me here now?"
"You could be a little nicer. I'm here to give you a gift." They paused again as a dog-walker went by.
"This is ridiculous. Couldn't you have picked a better spot to meet?"
Anna blushed. "It is a little cold out." She chuckled a little at her attempt to make a joke but the other woman didn't appreciate it.
Trish abruptly stood up. "I'm out of here. If you want to make fun of me, fine. I'm a pathetic loser. Now leave me the hell alone."
Anna stood up and moved to block her. "Wait. Please. I'm sorry. I wasn't making fun of you. But I wanted to meet in a public place because I didn't trust you. You really scared me with those two men who half-stripped me."
The heiress hung her head in shame. "Yeah. About that. I'm sorry. Now can I go?"
"Not until I give you this." Anna gently took one of Trish's hands and pulled it towards her. Trish resisted a little but Anna kept at it. She opened and turned over the woman's hand, and with the palm facing up, she placed the small meteorite fragment in it. It wasn't quite as large as the first fragment but it was large enough.
The heiress gasped. "Is this what I think it is?"
Anna quietly shushed her. "I told you I'd give you another piece if I found one. But please, don't tell anyone, unless you want us both to be swarmed by color addicts."
Trish started crying. She moved forward for a hug and whispered, "Thank you," over and over.
After a recommendation by Anna to not wear the fragment in a wristband out in public, the two women parted company, never to meet again.

* * *

The heiress turned up in the news again soon after getting her second meteorite fragment, but not for the usual reasons. She stopped her endless partying and turned to doing good works instead, donating both her time and money to various charities, including the one where Anna worked. Trish Stevens surprised everyone with a newfound purpose in life.
Jessie noticed the socialite's change of heart and it affected the girl in a positive though subtle way. She ended up quitting her colorful endorsements and went back to catalog modeling, something that she liked a lot more.
There was one other thing she tried but it was rarely mentioned. It didn't turn out well. She tried runway modeling and it almost ruined her career. The one-off outfits that she modeled often turned out looking quite bad, with clashing or just plain awful colors. The designers couldn't know what colors their clothes would have but the ugly color combinations bruised their egos and threatened their reputations. Jessie noticed and promptly quit to save herself. It was just as well because if it worked out, she would've been invited to model all over the world. She would've ended up far from her sister and her meteorite fragment would've likely been stolen. It would've been obvious that she had a fragment since she'd be giving color to the clothes that she modeled.
She wasn't crazy about runway modeling anyway and she didn't miss it. Her color helped her get more lucrative contracts for catalog modeling in spite of her gray photographs. So did her slowly improving attitude. She only needed her color to get noticed.
Anna certainly took more notice of her sister. She encouraged the improved attitude, and the two sisters hung out together more. Her parents gave her more attention and life was good.

* * *

Anna visited the Pendletons often, and she noted an absence of unhealthy hunger in Jack's eyes when he looked at her. He didn't seem to crave color at all and it impressed her. She once again considered counting the days until his eighteenth birthday and asking him out on a date then, assuming he didn't ask her first. He'd lost his color addiction but she could tell he was still attracted to her and it gave her a warm feeling that she liked.
The plastic bag of tiny meteorite fragments remained hidden for the most part, kept in reserve in case Trish or Jessie had theirs stolen. Anna would gladly replace any stolen fragments with another one and their color would continue. Her obsession with color pretty much ended when she knew she had permanent color and she wanted to give Jessie and Trish a high level of confidence that they wouldn't lose their color. She wouldn't dare try to use lightning again to retrieve a stolen fragment. Thinking back, she felt like she got lucky no one was hurt when she confronted Trish to get her fragment back. But she'd keep giving color to her sister and Trish, hoping it would slowly become less of a novelty and easier to do without. Color could be a dangerous obsession and she was through with dangerous obsessions.

Back to Table of Contents
Cheating Death

Cold rain spattered the living room window late at night, evoking a sequence of memories that all too often haunted Lewis. He sat on the edge of his leather couch in the dark, quiet room and hung his head. With his eyes closed, he started by reliving the night his dog was hit by a car, the memories still fresh after ten years.
Jojo had been in the expansive backyard of his large family home and she'd barked long and loud enough to get his attention. She'd finally irritated him enough that he'd torn himself away from the television, but he'd been just a little too late checking up on her. She'd done the impossible and escaped the fenced backyard, running down the long driveway to the street, chasing imaginary phantoms in the pouring rain. She'd always been a little crazy.
Lewis hadn't had time to dress for the weather and had just given chase. He'd rushed through the front door and slammed it shut behind him, muttering a string of curses at the dog as he went. The cold spring rain hadn't mattered. Being a teenager with a very high metabolism, the cold couldn't affect him much, especially with all of the running that he'd done that night.
He'd started out at a very fast pace but the hiss of the rain and rhythmic splashing of his footsteps had soon been drowned out by his labored breathing. He hadn't been used to sprinting any distance, let alone two blocks. Only his determination and love for Jojo had kept him going.
The Labrador mix had easily outrun him and she'd sped up once she'd realized that she was being chased. That had driven Lewis a little crazy. She'd been heading towards a busy street and he'd worried for her safety. He'd seen what was coming and sure enough, after three blocks she'd crossed a busy road in front of a car. The car had stopped her suddenly and violently with a loud yelp, followed only by the sound of the rain and the idling engine of the car that had hit her.
The driver had stopped and waited inside the warm, dry car, not coming out to check on the dog. That had irritated Lewis. He'd figured that the driver would simply watch for signs of life in the headlights, and if there were none after a few minutes, the car would drive away. The driver probably hadn't planned on the dog's owner showing up.
Lewis had arrived, panting out clouds of mist as he looked down at his dying dog. He could see her still breathing and he'd dropped to his knees to pick her up and cradle her broken body in his arms. That was the most vivid part of his memories. He'd felt her warm body tremble and shudder with each ragged breath. His nose had protested the smell of wet dog and he'd focused on the sight and sound of the large raindrops as they splattered back up in the headlights, creating a thin layer of heavier moisture over the pavement. His senses had etched observations of that moment in his mind, just before the tingling had begun.
He'd been gray before that night and then everything had changed with the tingling that had sent shivers up and down his spine. Every square inch of his skin had tingled and, in spite of being soaked from the cold rain, he'd felt hot and feverish. But all of that had been insignificant compared to what had happened next.
The driver had rolled down his window halfway down, shouting out, "Hey! You got color! You just got color! What the fuck?"
Lewis had thought the man was crazier than his dog. Crazy had been the word of the day that day, especially after Jojo had begun to squirm in his bare arms. She'd moved weakly at first, but she'd soon used her full strength and wrestled away from him. In his surprise, he'd let her go and had watched with disbelief as she slowly trotted back towards home.
The driver had shouted again, "Holy shit! Did you just bring your dog back from the dead?"
The puzzled boy had shrugged his shoulders and the car had taken off almost immediately.
Lewis Sinclair, still sitting on his couch in his little apartment back in the present, smiled at the memory. He really had saved his dog, effectively bringing her back from the brink of death and allowing her to live a healthy life for several more years. It was the special ability that he got along with his color that rainy night. He could heal all manner of physical injury. Injuries involving things like broken bones and blood loss were easily fixed. He couldn't cure diseases or reverse aging but he could heal wounds and save lives, or so he thought. That led to the next inevitable memory of a little girl named Ellie. As much as memories of saving Jojo made him happy, memories of Ellie left him sad.
A few months after Lewis got color, Ellie Henderson had been in very bad car accident, with just her in the back, strapped into a child seat and her mother driving. A large truck had run a red light and slammed into the back half of the car on the right side where Ellie sat. The child seat had held the little girl in place and the car had crumpled around her, half crushing her. The mother had made it with almost no injuries but the girl had been close to death and had to be rushed to the hospital.
The severely injured little girl had lived with her family in the same city as Lewis and the family had known all about him and his special ability. The Hendersons had reached out to Lewis, pleading with him to try helping their little girl as she barely clung to life. Of course he had to try.
Lewis had been pushed and pulled through hospital corridors until he'd reached Ellie's side. He'd bent over the bed to lay both of his hands on her left arm, about the only part of her body that hadn't been injured, and his healing power had flowed through him into the girl. He hadn't paid much attention to much of anything besides Ellie's little arm, but he'd heard the beep of the heart monitor slowly increase as she'd gotten stronger and he'd smiled.
After about ten minutes, his power had automatically cut out on its own, leaving Ellie completely healed. She'd still needed rest but her breathing had been strong and regular along with her heartbeat. She'd live and her parents had cried happy tears and thanked Lewis profusely.
Everything would've been great if the story had ended at that point, but something mysterious had happened later that night. After a media circus had proclaimed a miracle, Ellie had a complete relapse of her injuries late that night. It had been as if Lewis' special ability had been completely undone. The little girl had the exact same bruised and ruptured organs and the exact same bone fractures. She'd passed away in her sleep sometime in the wee hours of the morning.
Ellie's parents had been devastated, and in their grief, they'd lashed out at Lewis, calling him a menace and much worse. They'd wanted blood and Lewis and his family had been forced to flee the city.
The Sinclairs had taken their son and hid him away in one of their many office buildings. They had offices throughout the country and had always been quite well off. They'd ended up home schooling Lewis to keep him hidden from the world. Other than his closest family members, no one, not even an infamous color monitoring website had known his location for over three years, not until he'd gotten tired of hiding and had moved out on his own.
Soon after he'd rented his own apartment, the color monitoring website had found him and added his home city to his entry on the website. Most of those with color didn't appreciate being monitored but at least the website had the consideration to add his location without any fanfare. Not that it mattered though. By that time, the Hendersons had moved on and he'd been safe to live his life and shun any and all requests for healing. Refusing to try his ability on the fatally injured didn't cause many problems. People usually understood and agreed with his reason for refusal.
Back once again in the present, the colorful man sighed. Nothing about Ellie's death made any sense. His ability permanently healed his dog and it permanently healed countless minor injuries, including his own. It shouldn't have failed to work on Ellie. But assuming it didn't fail, what else could've happened?
The tortured man shook his head and sprung off the couch. Whenever he got mired in unpleasant memories, he'd go on a long walk. It was the only thing he knew of that seemed to improve his mood. It especially helped to walk late at night. The walk relaxed both his mind and body, allowing him to get a good night's sleep after he got back home. He stretched and did a few exercises to warm up. Then, covering his short, spiky black hair with a black ski hat and donning his favorite long, blue coat to protect against the weather, he went out into the rain.
He looked fondly at his coat but didn't think about the color, blue, and how it got its name. He didn't think about anything. Strangely enough, being out in the rain didn't evoke the same unpleasant memories that he'd just experienced. Instead, his mind mercifully went blank, and his subconscious piloted him safely around his neighborhood. He walked just fast enough to work up a little sweat and he expected to get home without incident.
Getting to the halfway point proved easy enough. Lewis walked along a straight section of highway and had turned off on a side street when a speeding car came out of nowhere. The car hydroplaned through a long pool of standing water and slid into a power pole, breaking the thick wooden pole and knocking out the power for several blocks.
The bright, electric flash of an exploding transformer nearly blinded Lewis. It took him several moments to blink away the afterimages before he could see well enough to run over and check on the driver.
He splashed through the standing water without thought and saw a young man, unconscious and pale in the driver seat. The airbags didn't offer enough protection, not at the high speed that the car had been going. A shard of twisted metal speared the driver through his left thigh, nicking the femoral artery and causing some major blood loss. The driver would likely die before he'd get to the nearest hospital at the rate he was losing blood.
The concerned man reached through the broken window, pressing against the driver's neck to check for a pulse. The pulse was irregular and weak and Lewis went into action. He used his special ability to heal the artery and torn flesh, and he put the bone marrow into overdrive to churn out red blood cells. At the same time, the driver's skin absorbed rain water to help make up for lost blood plasma. The reckless young man would live, and Lewis couldn't help but notice that no one had shown up yet. No one, not even the driver himself, would necessarily know about the healing. The blood-stained clothing and car seat would present a mystery that would hopefully be left out of the news. The opportunity was too good to pass up so the Good Samaritan quickly and quietly left the scene with fingers crossed.
The Great Experiment had begun. 

* * *

Early the next morning, Lewis sat at his tiny computer desk in his den, reading the local news on a website with a mug of coffee keeping his hands warm. He purposely kept the heating on low in the room with the door closed. The cold air perked him up and helped him think.
The headlines told of a teenage boy getting in a serious accident last night and luckily escaping injury. He rubbed his sock-covered feet together under the desk and breathed a sigh of relief into his mug, sending aromatic steam up and around his face. The good news and smell of coffee made him smile.
The boy's injuries weren't extensive even if they were potentially fatal. They might not be a good test of the long term effects of his healing ability. Still, it was a start. He couldn't accept not knowing for sure. He had to find out. Was his power somehow limited or not?
Only two reasonable possibilities about his healing ability presented themselves. Either it was limited in what it could do or something canceled it out somehow, and if it was canceled out, that would have to mean that someone with color did it. The death could've been accidental, but it also could've very easily been murder. Virtually all people with color knew their special ability very well. It wasn't likely that someone would accidentally undo the healing.
The idea of murder didn't sit well with Lewis, but it was preferable to having a limited healing ability that gave victims and their families false hope. All he needed to do was find the truth and if it was murder, catch the person responsible.
Further along in the article about last night's accident, Lewis found the reckless driver's name and recorded it. He'd watch over Monty Dahlstrom and make sure nothing happened to the teen.

* * *

Three weeks later, Monty still lived and Lewis moved on to the next phase of his experiment. Just in case murder was involved, he'd keep a low profile and quietly heal accident victims at nearby hospitals whenever he had the opportunity.
Work kept him busy during the week but he could hang out at a hospital on evenings and weekends. He didn't have any hobbies or friends to distract him. He didn't have much of a life at all. His special ability proved to be more of a curse than a blessing over most of his life, torturing him with its possibilities.
The fairly large metropolitan area in which he lived would provide plenty of accident victims, and most of the injuries wouldn't necessarily be fatal. Lewis would start with severe but nonfatal cases and work his way up according to how well his ability worked.
As he got ready for work, he fleshed out more details in his head. He'd randomly choose a different hospital every time to mix things up. A killer might be watching for patterns and he vowed to make things difficult for the hypothetical killer. The biggest problem in getting started would be gaining the trust of the hospital.
The doctors and nurses would see his color. They'd know he had a special ability but it wasn't likely that they'd recognize him. He'd start by telling them that his ability could offer comfort to the injured. That half truth might get him started. If it did, great. If it didn't, he could try again at a different hospital. He wouldn't give up. It had been too long since he felt any hope of using his ability again.
Lewis slipped into his blue coat and pushed his way outside into the morning light. A strong, cold wind made him fight the front door and encouraged him to don his ski hat. He did so and then went on his way. He often walked to work since he lived a little less than two miles from his father's local office building.
As usual, his mind blanked and time passed quickly on his walk. He arrived just as his father pulled up in a white luxury sedan. The tall, older man got out of the car wearing an expensive, tailored suit with Italian leather shoes. His trim, light gray hair and suit gave him a very distinguished look, apt for the CEO of a large company.
"Hey, Dad."
"Hello, Son. Have a nice walk?"
Lewis nodded and smiled as they walked together to the main entrance.
"I still don't see why you walk to work so often. It's damn cold outside."
"Walking is good for you. You should do it more often."
"I'll stick to the gym, thank you. I'm in pretty good shape."
"For your age, I guess."
"Keep it up, smart-ass, and I'll promote you to management."
Lewis gave his father a look of mock horror, joking as he said, "You wouldn't dare!"
"Try me," the older man smirked.
"I'd make a terrible manager."
"You're a Sinclair. You'd do a fine job. I'd make sure of it."
"I bet you would."
Father and son moved inside to their respective workplaces, with the father in a corner office on the top floor and son on a lower floor in a cubicle, analyzing buying patterns and optimizing inventory on his computer.
Lewis found computers simple to use and statistical analysis came easy to him, but he'd much rather heal people. His wealthy family didn't indulge in dangerous hobbies of any kind and his own life was rather safe so he rarely used his ability. The last time he used it was for a paper cut that he got last month at work.
What a waste.
But it was more than just the idea of wasting his true talent that bothered him. Guilt started to become a factor. He began to feel guilty about not trying to heal the injured. He had a much needed gift and he should use it. The past was the past. One little girl had died, but even if his special ability was limited, he might at least be able to give a family some extra time with a dying loved one. Every extra minute would be precious.
He thought about his health-conscious parents and realized that he most likely wouldn't get any extra minutes with them. They'd die of disease or old age, something that he couldn't heal. That frustrated him and just made him want to use his ability all the more. He had to help someone. There'd always be someone who could use his help.
The hours ticked away and his mind wandered, looking ahead to the hospital that he picked for his first healing attempt that night. He'd be hanging out at Saint Mary Mother of Hope Hospital. Just going by the name of the hospital, he thought they'd be more open to letting him try his special ability. It was just a hunch really, but his hunches weren't often wrong.
He smiled and threw himself into his work, trying to forget about all of the pain and suffering in the world.

* * *

As expected, Saint Mary Hospital welcomed Lewis and his gift with open arms. Wearing his favorite long blue coat, he gave comfort, as he put it, to three people with compound fractures and it wasn't long before he drew the attention of a young nurse named Frankie, especially when he was healing the bone breaks before plaster casts were applied. He even healed a person's broken leg before someone set the bone and Frankie pestered him for more details about his special ability.
"What exactly does it do?" she asked. "When you said it gives people comfort, I thought it just blocked or dulled the pain. But I'm seeing bones with compound fractures rearrange themselves and heal like the break never happened. I don't even see any bruising!"
Lewis sighed. "You got me. I'm a healer. I can't cure diseases but I can heal all manner of wounds and injuries."
The young woman almost snarled in frustration. "Then why in God's name didn't you say so?"
The man turned away and hung his head in shame. "I'm sorry. I'll go."
"No! Please. Stay. I'm sorry. Stay and work your miracles. I won't say anything."
He still stood, facing away from her. "Promise you won't say anything? It's important."
"I promise. I don't know why you're hiding your ability but people could really use your help."
Lewis turned and faced the nurse, looking her in the eye. He liked her large, compassionate eyes, and he surprised himself when he realized that he found her attractive. He didn't think that could happen, not after hiding away and suppressing his feelings for so long.
"I'll stay until midnight," he told her. "Then I'll have to go. I have to work tomorrow."
She smiled, realizing that he was checking her out and liked what he saw. "I'll hold you to that. Though you might not have to stay that late. It usually gets pretty quiet here before then." She found him just as attractive, and yes, the color helped. But she wasn't a color addict. It was mostly the fact that he was there, trying to help people in need.
"Okay then. Who's next?"
"Well," she said, trying not to stare at the colorful man, "we have an older patient who's been here a couple of days and could use some relief. She was in a car accident and has several broken bones. We finally moved her to a private room yesterday."
"Sure. Lead the way, please."
She started walking and Lewis followed her as she called back over her shoulder, "Right this way, and maybe after you're done you can explain why you're so shy about your gift."
"Uh." He stopped abruptly and sighed.
Frankie immediately turned when she heard the pain in his voice. "Oh! I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry."
He gave her a faint smile. "No. It's okay. Really. You already know I can heal. You might as well hear the whole story."
She smiled back and they continued on to the next accident victim.

* * *

After fixing up Mrs. Johnson, Frankie didn't have to worry about getting the woman released from the hospital. The healing process still required a lot of rest and the old woman would likely sleep well through the night. But there'd definitely be some questions in the morning. Neither Frankie nor Lewis had any answers for that problem.
The two do-gooders went off for a break, something that Lewis needed after so much healing, and he filled her in on the history of his special ability. Frankie cried when he told her about healing Ellie and then having her die later the same day, but the nurse recovered quickly when she heard about the ongoing experiment to test his healing ability.
"What if it is murder? What will you do? I hope you're not thinking of trying to stop the murderer all by yourself."
He shrugged. "I haven't thought it through yet. I just want to know for sure first."
"Just make sure to get the police involved if it is murder. Please. I don't want anything bad to happen to you."
"Well, thanks, but I'm not sure how I'll be able to convince the police to help without hard evidence. They seem reluctant to get involved in crimes involving color."
Frankie briefly put a finger to her lips as she gave the issue some thought. "There must be some sort of color task force out there somewhere."
"If there is, they're not very visible. I'll be sure to check though."
She smiled. "That's all I ask."
They paused then, trying not to be too obvious about checking each other out before Lewis got back to some serious questions.
"What's going to happen in the morning when Mrs. Johnson wakes up and wants to go home? Who's going to believe her when she says she's fully healed?"
Frankie sighed. "That will be a problem. She still has casts so it'll be hard for her to prove she can walk and use her right arm."
"I imagine she'll get pretty cranky if they don't believe her. I know I would."
"Right. We can't really say there was a mistake. X-rays of broken bones don't lie. Maybe we got a little carried away." She chewed her lower lip with worry.
"There's nothing wrong with healing people."
"There is in hospitals. I don't like it but hospitals are mostly run as a business. They need to make a profit and sad to say, if you heal everyone who comes in, the hospital won't make nearly as much money."
"Yeah. I hate to say it but you're right. And I guess it doesn't matter that I wasn't planning on coming here everyday. I was planning on taking turns with all of the hospitals in the area."
Frankie shook her head. "I don't think that'll matter to the hospital administrators. We should've discussed this with someone higher up before going around healing everyone. I can't see them agreeing to it unless they can charge for it."
He set his jaw as soon as he heard that. "I'm not going to ask for money to use my gift."
"I figured you'd say that. But I had to bring it up."
Lewis sighed. "I really just wanted to save lives. Is there anything wrong with that?"
"No! Of course not." She paused then, with her index finger over her lips again in thought. "But what you said there could make the difference. The hospital shouldn't have a problem with you healing fatal injuries. They couldn't make as much money from a dead patient."
"Maybe not. That just might work, assuming my ability isn't limited and I can catch a crazed killer. But what about undertakers? They might not like losing business." He said the last bit with a straight face but he was joking.
Frankie didn't catch the humor. "Screw the undertakers!" she said.
Lewis laughed. "Not a good image there."
She added a laugh of her own and the two of them locked eyes for a moment until she spoke again.
"Hey. Want some advice?" she asked, glancing down at his blue coat.
"Sure."
"Lose the coat. It creeps people out. I can see it in their eyes."
He gave her a look of mock hurt. "But it's my lucky coat!"
"Seriously?"
"Well, I didn't really have anywhere to hang it, and I didn't think to leave it in my car. Besides, it got your attention, didn't it? It helped me meet you."
Her heart melted and she quickly scribbled on a small memo pad that she kept in a pocket of her uniform. She tore off the slip of paper and handed it to him. It had her work schedule and phone number on it.
Before Lewis could look at the note, she gave him some parting words. "I'll make sure Mrs. Johnson is released in the morning. I'll confess everything and take the consequences. It'll help that you weren't entirely honest with me up front."
"Right. I'll be a willing scapegoat if I can. It'll be worth it if I can prove my ability works."
She nodded and smiled, watching as he glanced at the note and blushed. It wasn't quite midnight but he told her goodbye and hurried out to the parking lot to his car. She somehow knew that she'd be seeing a lot more of him, and she couldn't wait.

* * *

Sleep did eventually come, along with dreams of Frankie and the hospital where she worked. Lewis woke up with a smile on his face and a spring in his step in spite of not getting nearly enough sleep.
Breakfast wasn't quite as lonely as it normally was, not with memories of Frankie to keep him company. He couldn't stop thinking about the nurse's short, wavy hair and big, beautiful eyes. He scarfed down an energy bar to keep himself going through the morning and finished getting ready to leave. There was still plenty left for him to think about and he couldn't wait. For the first time in a very long while, his mind wouldn't be blanking out on his walk to work.
Besides Frankie, the thing that demanded the most attention was how he'd handle the masses if or when it turned out that his healing ability wasn't limited. People would be clamoring for his ability once the results were proven to last. His life might get ugly if he didn't heal everyone that needed it, but going back into hiding wasn't an option, not after meeting Frankie. Getting out and living life suddenly became as important as healing people. He just needed to find a way to deal with the demand.
Maybe I'll ask Father for advice. I should tell him everything that's been going on at the very least.
His father had studied business and economics most of his life. If anyone could figure out a solution to handling the demand for a powerful healing ability, George Sinclair could.
Except I'll refuse to accept payment. That'll challenge my old man.
Lewis smiled when he thought about his father tackling the problem. He knew that the elder Sinclair loved challenges. He also had a good idea what his father thought about offering a service for free. Free services didn't make for good business. But that was okay because Lewis would always have a job, thanks to his family's large company. The specific job might have to change or he might have to reduce his hours but he'd have income. He couldn't heal all day anyway. It took energy to heal, a lot of energy, especially for severe injuries.
Scenery and cars passed by without notice until he reached the parking lot of the building where he worked, and just like the day before, he met his father who was just getting out of his car.
"Hey, Dad."
"Hello, Son." He paused to give the young man a good look. "Are you okay? You look a little tired."
"Yeah. About that. Can we meet for lunch or after work? Assuming your personal assistant will let you," he said, joking a little.
His father didn't smile at the joke. "I'll have Gloria check my schedule for me but I'll fit you in sometime today. What's this about?"
"I've been making some pretty significant changes to my life that I think you should know about. I might also need some help. It depends."
"Is this about your healing ability?"
Lewis nodded.
"I figured this would come up some day. I wish it'd come up sooner, but I'm here for you, Son."
"Thanks, Dad."
George and Mary Sinclair had a hands-off approach to parenting. They made it a point to teach their son right from wrong and describe in painful detail all of the consequences of any questionable actions that their son might take. But it was up to their son to make his own decisions. Neither parent had color so they had a little trouble relating to their colorful son. Still, Lewis learned well and never troubled his parents with any bad behavior. All was well in that regard. The only challenge that the loving parents had was helping their son to live a full, happy life.
Father and son went to work and plans were eventually made for Lewis to meet with both of his parents for a late dinner that night. The young man groaned since it meant that he'd have to dress up for dinner at a fancy restaurant. Dressing up wasn't his favorite thing, though he thought he'd happily make lots of exceptions for a certain young lady.
The smile that threatened to appear on his face all day at work finally broke through. With work and worries, he'd been too busy to devote much time to happy thoughts.

* * *

Charbonneau's restaurant sat at the top of a large hill that overlooked the city. The most popular tables were near the windows to take advantage of the spectacular view that was especially beautiful at night, when strategically placed lights showed off the irregular geometry of the tall buildings to best effect. Bright lights pointed in all directions to create bold patterns of shadow and light.
The restaurant's interior flaunted black walnut paneling, cherry hardwood floors and dim, indirect LED lighting to create a rich, dark atmosphere that contrasted nicely with the brightly lit city. Patrons expected only the finest cuisine and were never disappointed.
The Sinclairs had reserved one of the most exclusive tables yet paid little attention to the view. They sat on tall-backed, padded leather chairs and ate off fine bone china dinnerware. The silverware had the look of real silver, thought it was really only silver-plated. The owners cut costs when they could, but they never scrimped on the ingredients or preparation of their meals. The menu didn't list prices. If you had to ask, you truly couldn't afford it. The Sinclairs never asked.
The elder Sinclairs didn't bat an eyelash at such opulence. Ten years ago, they'd upgraded their home to a large estate when they'd relocated to protect their son. Their dog, Jojo, had passed away several years after their move and she even had her own, small mausoleum next to a zen garden on their property behind the mansion.
The zen garden was Lewis' idea. It was a symbolic gesture meant to help calm the crazy dog's spirit. He smiled whenever he thought of her.
Lewis wasn't impressed by the restaurant, and he wasn't very comfortable. Just after their waiter left with their orders, he tugged at his bow tie for the umpteenth time, eliciting some mild scolding from his mother.
His slender mother wore a long, metallic cocktail dress with a wide diamond bracelet on her left wrist. Her shiny, black hair almost seemed to glow in the dim light. "Leave it be, dear," she told him. "You'd think you'd never worn a tuxedo before."
Lewis rolled his eyes when he thought she wasn't looking.
"I saw that," she said, grinning.
"Leave him alone, Mary," George said. "We're here to relax and talk. Lewis has something important to discuss."
"Oh?" That got her attention.
Lewis mostly skipped over the incident involving the little girl that he tried to save so many years ago and moved on to the implications. He went on to explain how he came upon a great opportunity to test his healing ability, mentioning the reckless young driver who he'd recently saved from death. The driver was still alive, and even though the injuries weren't extensive, they would've been fatal if he hadn't used his ability. Because the driver continued to survive, he'd gained the courage to start what he came to refer to as the Great Experiment by healing people at a nearby hospital. He had to prove to himself and the world that his power wasn't limited in any way.
His parents listened attentively and his little talk was going well until the possibility of the little girl being murdered came up. That's when his mother turned pale.
"I don't think I like where this is going," Mary said.
"It does sound dangerous, Son," George cut in. "Are you sure about this?"
"You want me to stop hiding away and live a better life, don't you?"
"Of course," his father huffed.
Mary just nodded agreement.
"Then let me do this. We don't even know if Ellie was murdered. For all we know, someone with color has the ability to cancel out other abilities and accidentally killed the poor little girl. I've been listening for any reports of deaths or relapses of the people that I healed at the hospital last night and I haven't heard anything so far."
George sighed. "Does this mean you intend to heal someone with more serious injuries who'd otherwise die?"
"That's right."
Mary gasped.
"Please, Mother. I need to do this. Let me do this. Ellie's death has been torturing me for ten years. I need to know if it was my ability. I really don't think it was but I need to know for sure."
George reached out to hold hands with his wife, who took his hand and gently squeezed it to show her appreciation.
When his mother didn't say anything, Lewis looked into her concerned eyes and continued to plead his case. "I'm working my way up to healing more severe injuries and so far, so good. And even if my ability is limited, I'll at least be giving someone a little extra time with their loved ones. Is that so bad?"
"No. I guess not. Not really. But I'm still stuck on the idea that Ellie's death might have been murder."
"I'm sorry it bothers you. I'm not exactly happy about the possibility either, but like I said, I need to know. I'm going to do this, with or without your support. If I don't, I feel like I'll never be free of the past."
"I didn't realize you felt so strongly about this," she said. "You never talked about it much before."
"I didn't have the confidence before. After healing that driver and seeing that he didn't die, I feel like I can finally see this through. I'll need some help though."
George spoke up then. "And you'll have it. But you'll need some strong evidence if you expect the police to help with any murder investigations, assuming there are any murders."
"I know, Dad. I have a contact at the hospital that I visited last night and I'm asking for your help too. I'm not going to try this alone."
"A contact?" Mary quickly asked.
"Oh, yeah. I met a very nice nurse who took me around the hospital."
"Oh, really," she said, arching an eyebrow.
"Easy, Mother."
"Did she give you her phone number?"
"Uh, yeah."
"Okay. You'd better call her then."
"Don't worry. I was planning on calling her in a few days."
Mary frowned. "Tonight."
"What?"
"Call her tonight. Or better yet, go and see her again at the hospital if she's working tonight. I mean it. It's important."
"Why? What's the big deal?"
"If you want my support, you'll at least call her tonight. What's her name?"
"Frankie."
Mary smiled. "Frankie and Lewis," she said. "It's got a nice ring to it."
"Mother!"
She laughed. "I'm feeling better about this already. It sounds like your life is improving in leaps and bounds. Just be careful. Okay?"
"I will, Mom."
Their waiter arrived at that moment with two other food servers to present the ordered meals, lay napkins in laps and fill glasses with a very expensive vintage of wine. They had great timing.
The family thoughtfully nibbled on their expensive meals and Lewis felt so good he even ordered chocolate mousse for dessert, something that he hadn't had since he was a teenager.
The family finished their meals and spoke awhile longer about other family matters while sipping coffee. The dark restaurant seemed to help them all relax and they mostly enjoyed the experience.
Before they could finish their coffees, a short, middle-aged man with a severe face approached the table. He'd been sitting at a nearby table and the Sinclairs guessed that the reason for the man's visit had something to do with Lewis.
The brazen man faced George and spoke only to him. "I couldn't help hearing part of your earlier conversation. I'd appreciate it if you didn't encourage your son to use his curse."
"Excuse me?" George said, struggling to keep his voice down. "I don't believe my family's affairs are any of your business."
The man smirked. "Normally, that might be true, but we're in a public place and I'm merely offering some sage advice. Here's my card." He quickly pulled a business card out of his wallet and held it between his thumb and index finger.
When George didn't reach out to accept the card, the man placed it on the table. It had the man's name, Sherman Grimsby, and mentioned that he was the president of the local chapter of the Perfect Angels, a religious group that often vilified those with color.
Sherman frowned when he saw the man shun his card, so he left with some parting words. "I'll concede that there's a certain beauty to color. It is pleasant to look at." His eyes twitched towards Lewis. "But I believe color should be seen and not heard, if you know what I mean."
The elder Sinclair abruptly stood to look down on the man. "This is a restaurant. I'm not going to have a religious debate with you. I'm asking you nicely to please go back to your table and leave us in peace."
"That's fair," Sherman said. "I can respect that. I've said my piece. Good day to you, sir."
George didn't respond verbally. He just sat back down with a sour look on his face and took a gulp of his coffee.
Lewis tried to ignore the ugliness. He'd been verbally harassed a few times before and found that ignoring it usually worked best. But he couldn't resist looking over to see who had to be the man's wife. She stared back at him with undisguised hatred and the young man shivered. He turned back to his father. "Thanks, Dad. You showed remarkable control."
George flashed a feral grin. "I have to admit, the man tempted me," he said loudly enough to make sure Sherman heard him. "But now I'm thinking it must have been a test of faith. I mean, what kind of god wouldn't want you to use your miraculous gift to help others?"
The colorful, young man smiled. His secular family didn't often discuss religion but he thought his father's choice of words was perfect for the leader of a religious hate group.
"Are you through sparring?" Mary asked suddenly, as she nervously glanced over at the Grimsby couple. "Can we go now?"
But she didn't have to worry. Sherman and his wife left in a huff, and the Sinclair family relaxed to finally enjoy the city view from their table. It wasn't until later that the Sinclairs worried about the Perfect Angels interfering with Lewis' Great Experiment. And they all kept a wary eye on their surroundings as they left the restaurant.
Sherman's business card remained untouched until the table was later cleared by the staff.

* * *

Frankie's schedule showed that she was working that same night and Lewis sat on his couch, thinking about what all to say to her before he called. He considered using his older model smart phone but soon decided on his home phone instead. Maintaining a secure, reliable connection suddenly became very important.
For the longest time, he stared over at the black phone where it sat on an end table next to the couch, and when he realized he was stalling, he finally reached over to use the phone.
After four rings, a familiar voice answered. "Hello?"
"Frankie? Hi. It's Lewis. Is now a good time to talk?"
"Lewis! Hi. Yeah. Now's a good time. I was due for a break and it's a slow night anyway. But I didn't expect you to call so soon."
"Hey. I had to see if Mrs. Johnson was released. There's also the matter of the hospital administrators and how they treated you. And…."
"And?"
He sighed. "My mother insisted I call you tonight."
She laughed. "Your mother? You've already told your parents about me? I'm flattered!"
"Well, I told them about my little experiment and hospital visit, and your name just naturally came up."
"Naturally," she said. "So what did they think about it all?"
Lewis could hear the smile in her voice and couldn't help smiling back. "I've got their full support, of course. I've got great parents."
"That's good to hear. And now it's my turn. I've got good news and bad news. The good news is that Mrs. Johnson was released this morning and she was quite pleased and thankful."
"That's a relief. I worried about her."
"Aw. That's sweet. But you should worry about yourself. The hospital wasn't very happy about all of your healing last night."
Lewis' smile evaporated. "Are they really that obsessed with profit?"
"It's not just money. There are also liability issues. People are quick to sue whenever something goes wrong. Oh, well, I guess that's a money issue too, but it's different. It could also hurt the hospital's reputation."
"You're right. I didn't think about that."
"Neither did I. But it might be okay. If you're really serious about helping out, the hospital is open to the idea. You'll have to come in and sign a waiver, among other things."
"Does that mean I'd be free to heal anybody then?"
"Oh. No. Admin mentioned that they expected you to only heal the most severe cases. They made it sound like they were concerned about taking advantage of you but it was easy enough to read between the lines."
"Right. That works though. I don't want to exhaust myself, and I have other hospitals that I want to work with. No offense."
"Hm," she said, pausing a brief moment. "I don't think you could offend me, but I get your drift."
"Get my drift? What?"
She laughed. "It's an old saying. It means I know what you mean. Know what I mean?"
Her playful attitude caught him off guard and it took him awhile to realize that he liked it. "Okay. Okay. As much as I'd like to continue talking to you, it's getting late. I need to get some sleep. Mind if I come in tomorrow night?"
"Sure! But bring your own pen to sign the paperwork. Pens are hard to find around here with all of the cost-cutting going around."
"Seriously?"
"Naw. I'm just messin' with ya."
He chuckled. "Good night, Frankie. Thanks for the chat. I'll see you tomorrow night."
"It's a date. See ya then."
She abruptly hung up, leaving Lewis to think about their conversation. He wondered if he should ask her out on a real date sometime and ended up just shaking his head and grinning. He always imagined nurses having a morbid sense of humor. Frankie turned that stereotype on its head.

* * *

The next morning, as Lewis got ready for work, he received a surprise visitor, lightly knocking at the door. The colorful man opened the front door to see his father, dressed somewhat casually in slacks and a dress shirt. The older man had a sports coat draped over one arm and the top button of his dress shirt was undone. A tie was notably absent.
"Dad! What are you doing here? Is something wrong?"
"Not at all. I just wanted to follow up after last night."
"Does that mean we're taking the day off? Or are we going in late?"
"Lewis. What did I tell you about making assumptions?"
The younger man sighed as he ushered in his father and closed the door. "Okay then. Do you want to tell me why you're not wearing your usual suit and striped power tie?"
George smiled. "Very good. You noticed. I'm wearing this," he said as he slipped on his sports coat, "because I thought we'd walk to work together. We'll have more time to talk that way."
Lewis laughed. "I hope it doesn't rain today."
"I checked the forecast. The weather should behave itself."
"Okay. I'm nearly ready. I just need to brush my teeth and we can go."
Father and son left the apartment and didn't start talking until they reached the street. They both realized that they'd made a serious error in judgment last night. They shouldn't have discussed such delicate matters in the restaurant, especially when influential people dined within earshot.
"I'm sorry, Son. I didn't think. I let my guard down."
"It's okay, Dad. We were in a restaurant. We have to relax sometime."
"But of all people to eavesdrop, it had be that color-hating jackass."
"Well, I don't think he'll be able to do much. I don't see him being able to influence hospital staff and I'm sure he couldn't cancel out my healing ability. He doesn't have color."
"True. I'm only concerned about him planning something that ends up getting you hurt."
"I don't see that happening but don't worry. I'll be careful. I know all about that alleged rogue faction of Perfect Angels that killed a guy with color. I can't believe they actually stoned the poor old guy in this day and age."
His father frowned. "I thought you'd know about that. I imagine you'd keep up on all the news about color, just as I do."
Lewis smiled at the implication. His father cared enough about him to keep up on all of the current events that concerned color as well as business. Sometimes the two overlapped but probably not often enough for most busy CEOs to care.
"Well, Son. I don't trust the Perfect Angels but I do agree the stoning had to be an isolated case. Still, I want you to consider getting a bodyguard."
"Stop. No, Dad. I need to keep a low profile. Remember the Great Experiment?"
"How can you keep a low profile wearing that blue coat? It sticks out like a sore thumb."
"People are used to it. They tune it out. Mostly. A bodyguard would be something new. That'd draw more attention for sure."
"Still. That coat…."
"Yeah. I see your point. I'll wear my black coat when I go to the hospital. Frankie advised me about the same thing."
George raised an eyebrow. "Hm. You're getting fashion advice from your new nurse friend? Sounds like a prelude to a date to me."
Lewis sighed. "I wouldn't mind a date with her."
"When's the last time you had a date?"
"Please. Don't go there. Not a good subject. Just let me go at my own pace."
George smiled. "I'm just happy to hear you're setting a pace. Good luck, Son."
"Thanks, Dad."
The rest of the walk mostly involved a conversation about how to handle the demand for his healing ability if it turns out that his ability isn't limited. Once everyone found out about it, he'd be very much in demand. The subject of a bodyguard briefly came up again and Lewis didn't rule it out for the future.
"I'd like to heal everyone but it'd exhaust me. And it'd be impossible anyway. There's no way I could be everywhere and heal everyone in the world."
George shook his head. "It'd simplify matters if you charged for your services. Demand would go down considerably."
"Not going to happen, Dad. I couldn't live with myself if I did that."
"Not even if you used a sliding pay scale and only gave away an occasional freebie? I understand you not wanting to turn away the poor but you need to make a living."
"Well, I did think of one exception I might make."
George raised an eyebrow. "Yes?"
"I might consider charging to heal career-ending sports injuries. Professional athletes make a lot of money. They could afford a generous sum if it meant they could extend their career."
The older man nodded. "Very good. I like it. But is that the only exception?"
"The only one I can think of. Probably the only one I'll make. I like my current job and I'm good at it. I can make enough money doing that. Healing is different. It's something that I need to do. It's more like a calling than a job. Does that make sense?"
"Yes. Somewhat, I think. It's not good business though."
Lewis laughed. "I knew you'd say that. Frankie realized the same thing after I healed several people at the hospital. Hospitals are run as a business and they might not appreciate me healing patients for free. They wouldn't be able to make nearly as much money that way."
"Ah. I didn't even think about that. Hospitals as middlemen. What a concept? They collect the injured and you heal them. For free. Not a good business model."
"Yeah. But then my nurse friend thought of something interesting that the hospital seems willing to try. It might work if I only heal fatally injured people. Hospitals couldn't make as much money from dead patients. Right?"
"You'd be surprised, Son. They invest a lot of effort trying to keep people alive."
"They want them to live though, don't they? They can still try to save lives but when it's clear they can't succeed, I step in. They still make money from their efforts and the patient survives. The patient would likely have to spend the night in the hospital to fully recover after I use my ability so the hospital gets even more money that way."
"It sounds good in theory." George stopped to give it some thought, and after working through all of the business angles, he resumed walking. "Yes. I think it just might work. You'll need some high-tech communication gear to make sure hospitals can contact you when they need you. That means getting a hyper phone."
Lewis frowned. He hated hyper phones, something that his father was well aware of. Everyone seemed to be way too obsessed with them. He had to admit that they never lost a connection but the humming noises they made weren't very appealing. And people seemed to get addicted to them, or perhaps overly dependent was a better way to put it. He drew the line at having a gadget as his constant companion. Gadgets were useful as tools. They didn't make good friends.
There's the real problem. I have no friends. No one to call. Maybe that's why I'm so sensitive about those gadgets.
"Okay, Dad. I'll get a hyper phone."
George raised an eyebrow. "What? Just like that? But you hate them."
Lewis laughed. "I still do. Sort of. But I see I'll need one. Like you said. Reliability will be important. So yes, I'll get one. I'll pick one up tonight after work."
"I imagine your nurse friend would like that."
"Frankie. Her name is Frankie."
"Right. I'll be sure to remember that after you introduce her to your mother and me."
Lewis gave his father a wry grin. "I'm sure Mother hasn't forgotten Frankie's name."
Both men laughed.

* * *

Lewis bought a hyper phone after work and the shopping trip took him a little longer than he wanted. He picked up dozens of them until he found one that turned dark blue in his hand. Blue had become his signature color; his favorite color. He had to have something else that was blue besides his coat since he'd be taking Frankie's advice and leaving his blue coat at home when he went to the hospital.
After a short trip from the phone store to the hospital, he found himself yawning. Talking to hospital administrators and filling out paperwork took a lot more time and mental energy than it did to pick out a hyper phone. He happily endured it though, after he saw Frankie's smile and got her approval of his black coat.
"You don't think black is a bit grim for a hospital?" he asked her.
She shook her head. "No way. There's too much white around here. We need some black for a change."
"What about it being worn at funerals?" He suddenly quirked a smile. "It'd be an insult to undertakers everywhere!"
"What did I say before about undertakers?"
"Uh, I'm still trying to get that image out of my head. Please. Don't say it again."
They shared a laugh.
"Well," she said with a sigh. "I need to get back to work and it doesn't look like there are any life threatening injuries so far. Maybe I'll see you around?"
"Count on it," he told her, handing her a scrap of paper with his name and phone number.
"What's this?" she said, looking at the note.
"It's only fair you have my number too. The hospital has it to call me for emergencies."
"Okay. But I'm sure someone else here would call you before I could."
"Yes, but what if you wanted to go out for dinner and had no one to eat with? What then?"
A smile slowly appeared on her face. "Oh. You mean I can call you for personal emergencies?"
"Of course! We need to move beyond the Dark Ages where the man has to do all the asking. Don't you think?"
"Oh, I think. Yes, indeed. I think we're gonna get along great. I'll be sure to call you when I'm hungry." She gave him a hungry look that made him a little nervous. He liked it though.

* * *

Out of the six other nearest hospitals in the region, two refused Lewis' services, even after he gave a healing demonstration and showed the contract that he had with Saint Mary Hospital. It didn't surprise him given all of the hatred and distrust that people had for color, but it was a disappointment.
Having contracts with five hospitals still gave him hope though. He imagined that he'd be able to make it more difficult for a murderer, assuming there was one. Spreading himself out between the different hospitals and trying to keep from being followed by reporters — or by a murderer — could help him hide the use of his ability. Having private communication could only help too. All he had to do was wait for a phone call from the hospital and he'd be on his way.
The waiting was the hardest part, but it wasn't long before he got the first true test of his healing ability. Grandville Memorial Hospital called him the day after he signed a contract with them. Late in the afternoon, they'd had an ambulance arrive with a construction worker who'd fallen from some scaffolding and was on the verge of death.
Lewis sat at his desk at work when he received the call. His father made arrangements ahead of time so leaving early wasn't an issue. He quietly slipped out the back of his office building to a cab that waited on a side street. His discreet departure ensured that he wasn't followed, and just to be sure, he slumped down in the back seat to keep from being spotted.
The drive seemed to take an eternity but was actually less than thirty minutes. There wasn't much time though. He tossed money into the front seat of the cab and rushed into the emergency room of the large hospital.
The doctor who waited for him seemed doubtful of his ability, but with little else to do for the fatally injured construction worker, the older man shrugged his shoulders and quickly led Lewis to the dying man.
Seeing someone with only hours or perhaps minutes to live would upset most anyone. Even hardened professionals weren't immune to the specter of death. But for someone with the power to truly save a life, the dying person presented a simple opportunity.
The colorful man reached down to gently press both of his hands against the dying man's bare chest, and in addition to receiving a slow spread of color, the dying man's body absorbed healing energy and began to mend. Two older doctors and a young nurse in the room watched with amazement as the vital signs improved to the point where the patient seemed well out of danger. The vital signs leveled off and the flow of color and healing energy stopped. Both doctors checked the man to be sure and left the room to tend to other patients.
Lewis lifted his hands and took a deep breath. He quietly asked for some juice to help him recover and slumped down into a nearby chair to wait for it, not really noticing if anyone heard him.
The nurse who'd been watching the healing had to shake her head. She went off to get the juice and returned, handing a large glass of orange juice to the healer and staring at him with awe.
"Thanks," he told her.
He tried not to guzzle the juice and ended up draining the glass anyway, handing it back to the nurse who continued to stand next to him and stare.
"Please. I'm just an ordinary guy who got color and the ability to heal."
"Are you for real?" she said, reaching out to lightly touch his coat.
Lewis sighed and tried to change the subject. "What's your patient's name?"
She stopped and turned, looking around until she spotted the man's chart hanging on the end of his bed. Her feet scuffed along the ground as if they weighed five times more than usual, and they ever so slowly moved her to within reach of the chart.
"His name is Brad," she said, reading the chart. "He fell and fractured his spine in three places, crushed the left side of his pelvis, punctured his left lung and ruptured his left kidney. He must have hit his head too." She paused as she read more of the chart.
"I take it he fell on his left side then?"
"I guess so. Sure." The young woman spoke almost as if she was in shock.
"What's that you said about his head?"
"Oh. He must have hit his head because he has… had a cerebral edema. That was the worst of his injuries I think."
"What's a cerebral edema?"
She paused for a moment before answering. "Brain swelling. Yes. That's it. His brain was swelling."
"That sounds bad."
"It is," she said, nodding. "When the brain swells, it increases pressure in the skull and can cause a lot of serious complications."
"Ah. I can imagine. The skull doesn't have any give so the brain would press against it."
"That's right," she said, her words flowing more easily. "In the more extreme cases like this one, we have to perform a craniotomy or decompressive craniectomy to relieve the swelling and repair damage."
"Craniectomy?"
"It's the removal of part of the skull, just like it sounds." She cocked her head as if she couldn't believe he didn't understand.
"Okay. I thought that's what it meant but I've never received any formal medical education so I wasn't sure."
She raised an eyebrow.
"I haven't had to!" he said. "My healing ability works automatically."
"Must be nice," she muttered as she turned to look back at the peacefully sleeping patient.
Lewis followed her gaze. "He'll likely sleep until late tomorrow morning or even early afternoon. But he should be okay."
"Okay."
"What's Brad's last name?"
Still looking at the patient, she was about to speak but hesitated.
"I'm just curious. I'd like to watch for his name in the news, just in case." He waited for her to ask what he meant. She had a right to know. He wanted her to know, but she had to ask. He couldn't bring himself to volunteer the information.
"What do you mean?" she said, quickly turning to look at Lewis. "Just in case? In case of what?"
There. She asked, and he sighed. "In case he has a relapse and ends up dying."
"That can happen? Your healing doesn't last?"
"Normally, it's permanent. But ten years ago, there was one case of a little girl that had a complete relapse. It was really odd. She ended up dying with all of the exact same injuries that I healed. It was like my ability was completely reversed."
"That's terrible," the nurse said in a small voice.
"I'm still haunted by that little girl. I just hope the same thing doesn't happen to Brad, here. I don't suppose you can set up a video camera and have him watched."
She slowly shook her head as if going back into shock.
"Yeah. Didn't think so." He stood up and turned to leave. "Okay. I'm going to go now. Please watch over him when you can."
She nodded and just before Lewis left the room, she very quietly said, "Blingston. His last name is Blingston."

* * *

Brad Blingston survived the night and was released the next morning to great fanfare. The hospital wanted the publicity and shamelessly promoted the healing event. Everyone had a warm, happy glow about them for most of the day. It wasn't until the evening news that people started to become concerned.
It didn't take reporters long to find out about Lewis' involvement and dredge up the past. They found out about Ellie and started speculating wildly about Mr. Blingston's fate. Betting pools popped up by the dozens, giving odds on how long the healed man would live. He'd already survived one day, and without a track record to go on, the betting was mostly random. However, the odds did greatly favor shorter periods of time.
Mr. Blingston couldn't help but notice the attention that he was getting. It understandably concerned him more than anyone else, and he shut himself up in his house for all of the next day and half of the following one.
Neighbors later noted that they'd seen the newly famous man go out for mail and drive off somewhere on the third day after his miraculous recovery. That was the last they'd seen or heard of him until the evening news on that same day, when an ambulance raced him to the same hospital and he was pronounced dead on arrival.
If reporters had made more careful observations, they'd have found out that the dead man had sustained the exact same injuries that he had when he'd first fallen from the scaffolding three days earlier.
Lewis found out about the the dead man's injuries when the hospital called him that same night. They told him all of the details and promptly ended his contract. He called Frankie immediately afterward to give her the news.
"It's not your fault," she told him on the phone. "It can't be."
"Yeah, I agree. It's very suspicious that he lived for three days after I healed him."
"Didn't anyone see what happened to him?"
Lewis sighed. "Not really. I heard someone found him in an alley and called 911. But it was already too late by then."
She pause a moment in thought. "Weren't there any video cameras in the area? I thought they were everywhere."
"Not that I've heard. But who knows? The police aren't talking to me. I doubt they consider it a murder so I don't expect them to care much."
"Have any of the other hospitals canceled their contracts? I know Saint Mary's hasn't."
"I don't know. I'm afraid to ask."
"You should ask."
"Why?" he said, sounding a little angry. "They just won't call me and that'll be that."
"Please, Lewis. Don't give up. Your ability is too important."
"I'm not giving up. But I don't know what else to do."
"Just keep healing people. The truth will sort itself out eventually. You'll see."
"Thanks, Frankie. I'm glad I called you."
"I'm glad too. I heard about the death on the news and expected you to call."
"I was actually hoping to ask you out to dinner but now I'm not sure."
"Why not? I'd love to go out with you!"
"I'm afraid you'll get hurt."
"I'm a big girl, Lewis. I can take care of myself and make my own decisions."
He shook his head and then sighed when he realized she couldn't see him. "I know. I understand all that. But I wouldn't feel comfortable about it. I don't think I'd be able to relax and be myself."
She sighed. "Oh, Lewis. Please. Let's work through this together. Let me help."
"I'll try."
With that, they ended the call and Lewis made more calls to find out that another hospital did cancel his contract. That left three hospitals including Saint Mary's who seemed to believe in him and his ability. Things could be worse.

* * *

Lewis laid low and waited out the next couple of days to see how people reacted to his failed healing, and he was pleasantly surprised. The death opened some old wounds that were caused by Ellie's death, but the little girl's death happened long enough ago that people had mostly forgiven and forgotten. And there was the matter of Mr. Blingston surviving for three days after the healing. Everyone agreed that three extra days of life were better than none, and many more also agreed that the extra days made the death seem suspicious.
The two hospitals besides Saint Mary's that kept their contract with Lewis had actually been waiting to see the fallout from Mr. Blingston's death before they acted. When they saw that no one blamed Grandville Memorial for the death, they felt more comfortable about retaining Lewis. They just had to decide how they'd handle a major healing. They could either publicize it for all it was worth or they could try to keep it quiet and hope that doing so could somehow help keep the patient alive. Ethics demanded the latter but the former was so tempting. It wasn't clear what benefits, if any, that Grandville Memorial got for its recent publicity, though hospitals around the country imagined that it would help in some fashion. Being bold and taking risks was usually seen as a positive thing. The only mistake that Grandville Memorial really made was letting Lewis go.
Color was relatively new in the world, having first shown up less than two hundred years ago, and scientists still knew so little about it. It worked in mysterious ways and sparked a lot of interest, especially for something like Lewis' healing ability. Life was too precious to ignore the potential for such an ability. It didn't make sense that healing would be limited in time, and only for two cases, so far.
Lewis certainly didn't give up. After getting the three remaining hospitals to agree to keep a secret, he told them about the reckless young driver that he'd saved from death. The driver was still alive after more than a month and the information got the hospital administrators to take some extra precautions in watching over any patients that Lewis healed.

* * *

The next major accident occurred a week later, with the accident victim arriving by ambulance at East Hillsborough Medical Center, where they specialized in treating severe burn injuries. A middle-aged woman had been horribly burned in an explosion, with third degree burns covering more than eighty five percent of her body. She wasn't expected to live so they called in Lewis.
The colorful young man carefully made his way to the burn center and entered through a side entrance. The woman had enough time left that he didn't have to hurry. He got the woman's room number and directions from a helpful nurse. Then he made his way, surprisingly alone, to her room on the third floor.
The hospital had beefed up security with video cameras and several guards at the elevators and stairs but Lewis couldn't bring himself to trust the security completely. He left nothing to chance, and when he finally got to the woman's hospital room, he passed by the door several times to see if anyone might have followed him. Only when the coast truly seemed clear did he enter.
The woman had been well-bandaged, with very little bare, undamaged skin for him to work with. He cupped the back of her neck with one hand and held her right hand with his other while she slept. The hospital had been keeping her sedated to help manage pain.
While the healing energy flowed into the woman along with color, Lewis thought about ways that might help protect her. The police weren't likely to get involved so he considered hiring a bodyguard for her. If it helped establish his healing ability, his father would provide the money for a bodyguard. It made him feel better about healing the woman at least. He wanted her to live so badly. He needed her to live, and he barked a nervous laugh when he realized that he didn't even know her name. He didn't want to know this time. If she died, he didn't think he'd be able to try healing again for a long time. He imagined her getting her burns again, far from any help, and dying alone in agony. It wasn't a pretty picture.
It took fifteen minutes to heal the woman and afterward, Lewis felt exhausted. He slumped into a chair and fell asleep almost immediately, only to be gently awakened by a nurse a short time later.
"How's the woman?" he asked in a quiet voice.
The nurse gave him a look of awe. "You don't know? After seeing her vitals return to normal, we started removing some bandages and ended up removing all of them. She's completely healed. It's like she was never burned."
Lewis smiled. "Good," he muttered, just before falling asleep again.

* * *

The colorful healer got a nice, one hour nap, and during that time, color drained from the healed woman but her health remained. And as usual after a major healing, she'd sleep the rest of the day and through the night.
A doctor gently shook Lewis awake and after having a nurse deliver some orange juice, he felt able to go back home. He repeated his warning to watch over the burned woman and managed to leave the hospital in spite of a special, last-minute request.
If it wasn't for the bags under his eyes, the nurses would've pulled him all of the way to the children's ward if they had to. They were desperate to get him to heal two badly burned children who lost their parents in the same fire that burned them. But the nurses had some sympathy for the exhausted man and let him go home.
He promised to return the next day, both to check up on the healed patient and to sneak in some healing for the children. The nurses all breathed a sigh of relief.
When he got home, he called Frankie to give her the news as well as tell her about the special request.
"Oh, Lewis. That's so sad. I mean, it's great you healed the woman, but I hate to think about children with burns. Burns are so painful!"
"I know. I promised to go back tomorrow to check up on the woman I healed and I hope to heal the children while I'm there."
"What about the hospital administrators? What about your contract?"
"Screw the administrators!" Lewis fumed, then quickly followed by a tired laugh. "I know. Not a pretty thought. Sorry."
"It's okay. I understand. But you should probably get the healing approved. They might make an exception."
"Yeah. I don't want to make any more trouble. I've already upset enough people as it is."
"Lewis! It's not your fault! Please. Don't blame yourself. You have an amazing gift and you should use it."
"I know. I want to. But I don't know what I'll do if that woman dies. I keep imagining her burns coming back and it makes me feel queasy."
Frankie sighed. "Didn't you tell me the hospital had good security?"
"It seems good enough and I'm going to see about getting a bodyguard for her. But I don't know what'll happen to her after she leaves the hospital. I guess I'll find out though."
"We'll find out, Lewis. We're in this together. Don't you dare shut me out."
The two of them ended the call, still without making a real first date, but they had time enough for that later. Meanwhile, Lewis had another call to make.
At the urging of his son, George Sinclair made arrangements to hire a bodyguard for the woman that Lewis healed. They just had to wait until the next morning to see if the woman would agree to having a bodyguard.
Lewis hoped that she'd accept the protection. Once the woman left the hospital, she'd be on her own and at the mercy of what had to be a cruel killer.
All of the evidence so far pointed to murder. There were only two deaths so far, with the dead dying of the same injuries that they'd sustained before Lewis healed them. Two fatally injured people still lived, along with those having many minor injuries that had been permanently healed. The two deaths were definitely suspicious.

* * *

Avoiding the burned woman's name proved impossible. Doris Gonderly insisted on introductions of everyone involved in her miraculous healing, just as she insisted on having a bodyguard. She did thank the Sinclairs profusely though, for both the healing and the bodyguard.
Lewis told her everything about the history of his healing ability and she easily came to the same conclusion. Both her and her bodyguard would keep a careful eye out for anyone suspicious, especially someone having color.
With introductions and explanations finished, Doris left the hospital. The woman had a spring in her step and a broad smile on her face. She felt very happy and very lucky to be alive, however much longer that might be.
After Doris left, Lewis made good on his promise, thanks to some reluctant but compassionate hospital administrators. He healed the two burned children and received enthusiastic applause from the entire nursing staff in the children's ward. More than a couple of curious doctors also added their applause.
The children were too young to understand exactly what happened, and they still required a lot more healing. Their little bodies were completely healed but their emotional state would suffer from the loss of their parents. Psychologists took over from the medical doctors and life went on.
Lewis almost cried when he described his experience with the children to Frankie, and she did cry. She cried happy tears and finally worked up the nerve to ask him out on a date, though she worded it carefully, making it sound more like a working meeting. They had a killer to catch.

* * *

Frankie and Lewis sat at a table in a small, noisy Italian restaurant. Throughout their meals, they both took small, quick bites of their pasta dishes and spent the time deep in thought. Conversation didn't come until coffee and dessert.
Frankie chewed her lower lip when she realized he was right about the police. The police wouldn't get involved unless they had some hard evidence. The young couple were on their own, except for some occasional financial assistance from Lewis' father. They'd have to brainstorm and do a lot of the investigating themselves.
"Okay," she said. "If someone was responsible, it would have to be someone with color. Only a special ability could cancel out another special ability. But are we sure it's murder and not accidental or some sort of limitation of your ability?"
Lewis nodded. "It's all pretty much circumstantial evidence but there's too much of it to be a coincidence. I've healed four fatally injured people and two of them are still alive. Ellie lasted less than twelve hours after I healed her and Brad lasted three days, but both of them had the same type of injuries."
"Yes, but Ellie was a lot younger and smaller than Brad. How do you know it wasn't her age or size that canceled out your ability sooner?"
He frowned. "I don't. But like I said, there's still a lot of circumstantial evidence. Remember that Monty is younger than Brad but he's still very much alive."
"And yet he didn't have a lot of injuries."
"Well, I don't know how we can make fair comparisons. Doris had burns. How would burns compare to broken bones and ruptured organs? Now I'm not so sure. About anything."
Frankie sighed. "We really need more to go on. But we might still get somewhere assuming a killer truly is responsible."
He didn't say anything. He just encouraged her with his eyes.
"We know that a killer would have to have color. And how rare is color? How hard could it be to narrow down the suspects to a handful of people?"
He smiled.

* * *

Lewis invited Frankie over to his apartment and the two of them moved to his den. But finding suspects proved to be more difficult than they thought.
Frankie sat in a chair next to Lewis and wrapped her arms around herself, shivering. "Do you have to keep it so cold in here?" she complained.
"Oh. Sorry. I like it cold. It helps me think."
"Well, please turn up the heat."
His eyes widened when he thought about all of the different meanings of what she said.
She smirked. "I meant the thermostat. Save the pleasure for later?"
He gave her a sheepish grin and they got to work.
They started with the world-renowned color monitoring website and soon hit a serious dead end. Frankie had been correct in that color was rare. But it was actually too rare. There were only two local people who had color besides Lewis, and neither one of them fit the requirements for their hypothetical murderer.
One of the two was a colorful man named Lyle who worked as a construction worker. His special ability was great strength. He correctly claimed to be the strongest person in the world, but it was more of a curse when it came to having a career. He couldn't use his strength in any sporting events. Special abilities were deemed unfair in sports so they couldn't be used. He wasn't all that creative so he ended up using his strength for heavy lifting in the construction business. Construction paid well at least. He wasn't too unhappy about it.
The other local person with color was a woman with the nickname, Misty, thanks to her special ability of creating fog. Her ability wasn't all that useful, and it certainly couldn't be used to cancel out another special ability.
Lewis thought that only left colorful visitors. Someone could've been watching him from afar and visited for a short time to commit a murder before going back home. It didn't seem likely but all of the possibilities had to be checked. After a quick scan of all of the known special abilities, none of them canceled out other abilities in any way and the colorful man's shoulders sagged.
"Hey," Frankie said. "There could still be another explanation."
He looked over at her with hopeful eyes.
"The website can't be perfect. There must be some people with color who escape detection."
"They could be hiding," he said, more to himself as he thought about it. After a short pause, he added, "Like I did."
He regained a little hope with his sudden realization, but they still weren't any closer to finding the murderer.

* * *

Doris survived the week, and the next. She had plenty of help in addition to her large, male bodyguard. All of her friends, family and coworkers knew about her situation and helped protect her. She never walked in a crowd and everyone she knew offered to drive her wherever she wanted to go. They also insisted that she stay in her vehicle or at home if anything looked the least bit suspicious. It drove her a little crazy but she appreciated that so many people cared.
It wasn't until the third week after her accident that things changed. She insisted on going for a little stroll along a city sidewalk. There were few people around and her bodyguard didn't have any objections. She did a little window shopping with her bodyguard trailing close behind and decided to cross the street. As soon as the unlit crossing signal displayed a glowing white figure, she stepped out into the road and her life abruptly ended when a large van hit her and kept going.
After the hit and run, an investigation showed that there was nothing the bodyguard could've done. It happened too suddenly and no one suspected that a speeding vehicle would kill Doris. Still, the bodyguard felt terrible. He'd had a perfect record of keeping people alive up to that point.
As expected, the police did get involved in the obvious crime. According to witnesses and some determined detective work, the vehicle that killed Doris turned out to be owned by the Perfect Angels. It had their name in big, white letters on both sides, with smaller letters on the back door, and it had a large dent on the front right bumper and quarter panel where it had hit Doris.
The driver had abandoned the vehicle in an alley, several blocks from the scene of the crime, and had fled undetected into the city. A killer was definitely on the loose.

* * *

Frankie sat next to Lewis in his toasty warm den, reading the short news article about Doris' death on his computer. Her emotional state changed with every sentence, going by the look on her face and the sounds she made.
Lewis stopped reading halfway through and slumped forward with his eyes closed while he massaged his temples.
"Well," Frankie said, startling him. "Here we get what looks like our first big break and I still don't feel any closer to solving it."
"It's just another piece of circumstantial evidence, though I have to wonder if the police might have found something more helpful after they went over the van."
"Hm. I don't suppose your father would be able to find out anything."
He shook his head. "We don't have any connections in law enforcement. No friends in high places that could help in this case."
She sighed.
Lewis gently stroked her hand, slowly giving it color. "If a connection could be found between Doris', Brad's and Ellie's deaths, then there might be a chance the police would work with me. I don't think it's likely though."
"I don't understand something," she said. "Why hit Doris with a van?"
"I think the murderer must have been desperate to kill her. He couldn't get close enough to use his ability so he ran her down. That's my guess anyway."
"And no one got a good look at the driver? Again, no video cameras to catch the driver's face?"
Lewis shook his head. "It doesn't matter. If the police did get the driver on video, they aren't telling me. Maybe we should just wait and let the police do their work."
"And what if they don't find the murderer? What then?"
He didn't have an answer.

* * *

One thing that Lewis found interesting and extremely frustrating about the hit and run was that it was done with a Perfect Angels van. The Perfect Angels were known as a religious hate group, and they especially hated people with color. There was also the incident in Charbonneau's restaurant, when the leader of the Perfect Angels voiced his displeasure at Lewis' gift, calling it a curse. Many if not all members of the Perfect Angels certainly had a strong motive for the murders, and they likely had ample opportunity, but they didn't have the means. Only someone with color could cancel out a special ability.
The young man sat at his tiny computer desk with the temperature turned down low like he preferred. He'd just finished eating dinner and was missing Frankie. They'd been eating together several times a week but she was currently working, leaving him alone to ponder his next move.
His gut screamed that the same person was responsible for all three deaths and that the Perfect Angels were somehow involved. But gut feelings were notoriously unreliable. He muttered under his breath for his gut to shut up and idly wondered what Frankie's feminine intuition might be telling her at that moment.
On impulse, he wandered back to his living room and turned on the television just in time to see a newsmagazine program. One of the several news correspondents on the show was interviewing someone with a familiar face and he sat down to watch with great interest. The interviewee sat at one end of a long couch with three other men. They were just being introduced with their names displayed below each of them at the bottom of the screen.
A young woman correspondent read off the names and began the segment. "Today we're interviewing the president of a local chapter of the group called the Perfect Angels. The president is here with three of his top-ranking members to defend some serious allegations and set the record straight."
The three men next to the president looked a little nervous at first, but the president himself appeared calm. He even gave a slight smile when the interview began. The smile didn't last long.
"So tell me, Mr. Grimsby," the correspondent began. "You insist that the Perfect Angles aren't a hate group. And yet so many of your members have been recorded shouting hateful things at people with color. Why is that?"
Sherman Grimsby, the leader of the local chapter of the Perfect Angels straightened his tie and gave a smug look to the camera. "It's true that we have some members who aren't always good at expressing themselves. But I've always said that I find color pleasing to look at. It's only those strange abilities that come with the color that I have a problem with. They're an abomination."
The woman flashed a polished smile. "Right. What about the recent hit and run incident? Didn't a Perfect Angels van hit and kill a woman who was recently healed by a local man with color?"
"See. That's the kind of thing that really upsets me. That's the main reason why I agreed to this interview. We are not killers. We hold ourselves to a very high standard."
"But it was definitely a Perfect Angels van that killed the woman. Do you deny the evidence? It sounds pretty clear-cut. The forensics matched evidence in the dent on the van to the victim."
"Perhaps we can debate the dubious merits of science another time but I'm here to set the record straight about the Perfect Angels. I don't deny that one of our vans ran down the poor woman. What I deny is that one of our members drove the van. That van happened to be stolen and I'm on record as saying that it was just a way to frame us. Someone means to sully our good name and I won't have it!" He raised his voice towards the end of his little speech and had to take some deep breaths to calm himself.
The woman correspondent gave a slight, genuine smile then, and turned for a closeup. "We'll be right back after a brief message from our sponsors."
Lewis had seen enough. The Perfect Angels sickened him more than anything and he couldn't take any more of the interview. He turned off the television, closed his eyes and leaned his head back on the back of the couch to think.
Of course the hate group sickened him, but he couldn't help thinking about them. His gut demanded it. He thought about the three men sitting next to Sherman Grimsby and tried to listen to what his gut had to say about each one.
He didn't remember any of their last names except for the president. He'd never forget Sherman Grimsby's name, not after the incident at the restaurant. His parents wouldn't soon forget either. He'd never seen his father look so calm and angry at the same time when Mr. Grimsby confronted them at their table.
His gut had nothing good to say about the president, and though Lewis thought anyone could kill under the right circumstances, his gut didn't think Mr. Grimsby could be the murderer. The sleazy man didn't appear to have much of a killer instinct.
The vice president of the Perfect Angels went by the name of Frank, and Lewis had pretty much the same opinion of him that he did of Mr. Grimsby. Both men were balding with dark gray hair and they wore nearly identical suits, and soon into the interview, Frank had the same stupid, smug look on his face as his leader. The main difference between the president and vice president was how little the vice president moved. Frank seemed more like a statue than a living being.
The treasurer was named Nick. He sat a good half head shorter than the other men on the couch, and he wore a baggy, light gray suit and had short, spiky black hair. He bowed his head and looked down at the floor throughout the entire interview, as if he had stage fright. Lewis didn't get a good look at the man's face, and couldn't develop any impressions, good or bad.
The last man on the couch was easily the youngest of the group, with short, thick, light gray hair. His name was William and he was the group's secretary. He wore slacks and a dress shirt with no tie, and unlike the vice president and treasurer, he never got over his initial nervousness. He constantly tapped his right index finger on his leg and looked a little sick the whole time. Lewis' gut wasn't impressed.
All in all, the group of four men mostly evoked nothing but distaste and maybe just a little pity. They didn't seem to be much of a threat by themselves. It was only in much larger numbers that Lewis would be concerned. He imagined them easily giving in to a mob mentality and shuddered. But it also inspired a new thought.
Could they have hired someone with color to do their dirty work? Is there a criminal group of colorful people?

* * *

Lewis didn't bother to tell Frankie about his latest hunch. Instead, he went out one night to begin a little private detective work on his own. He ended up parked near the house owned by Lyle, the only other local man with color who was listed on the Internet.
The sturdy, two story house fit right in with the rest of the houses in the upper middle-class neighborhood. A seemingly endless line of closely spaced Rocky Mountain maple trees grew in the middle dividing strip of the road, with a flood light at the base of each tree. The lights shining up from below gave the trees a surreal look. The visual distraction also made it more difficult to spy. The trees made it hard to get a clear view of the house. Lewis had to park uncomfortably close.
Stakeouts were something new for the colorful man, but once he got used to slumping down to hide when an occasional car drove slowly past, he settled in nicely. The long hours were made bearable by his music player and some views of the clear night sky through binoculars. Watching satellites, planets and the occasional meteor with a classical soundtrack kept the man entertained.
The waiting gave him plenty of time to think. Since there was some weak evidence that color could be inherited, he wondered about children or other relatives of Lyle who might have recently gained color. They wouldn't necessarily be on the color monitoring website, at least not right away. Thoughts of Lyle's family didn't last long though. They kept giving way to visions of colorful criminals.
Lewis couldn't shake the idea of a gang of colorful criminals who used their special abilities to perform all kinds of nefarious deeds. The idea both fascinated and repulsed him at the same time. It sounded like something out of a comic book.
He laughed at himself. Colorful super villains could only exist in comic book universes. He couldn't imagine them being able to hide, or even wanting to. A super villain would likely have an ego the size of a large city block and at least a city-sized appetite for crime. A gang of them would be even worse.
Whatever the reality, after ten stakeouts that spanned a period of two weeks, Lewis stopped. He'd had enough. Lyle couldn't possibly have any criminal ties, not with his boring lifestyle. Most of the man's visitors only showed up to deliver fast food. There was a young woman wearing lots of makeup and a tight, skimpy dress who might have been a prostitute but Lewis didn't care about that. He didn't consider prostitution to be crime. There didn't seem to be any close friends or relatives so Lewis moved on to Misty, the only other person in the city who was listed as having color.

* * *

Healing had been infrequent during the stakeouts of Lyle's house. Only one severe accident occurred during that time but the victim died before Lewis could arrive. When he finally did get to the hospital, he consoled himself by quietly healing a young athlete's broken arm. The teenage boy who he healed thanked him and they left the hospital together before the boy could be examined and x-rayed. No harm, no foul.
Dinner with Frankie frequently occupied Lewis' early evenings. He started working earlier so the couple could catch a quick bite together before she had to work her late shift at the hospital. Soon after she left for work, he went off to his secret stakeouts.
He couldn't bring himself to tell her about his extra late night activities. The possibility of her getting hurt worried him too much. That and he imagined she'd be too distracting if she came along. They'd shared a few kissing sessions already and he didn't think it'd be too much longer before they shared a bed. He found himself falling in love, and if she came along, he'd have trouble tearing his eyes away from her. He couldn't wait to see what she looked like in full color, something that he'd see if or when they ended up sleeping together.
Having a love interest inspired and motivated him to work even harder to find the murderer of the people that he healed, and that led to his latest destination.
He found Misty's modern thirty-story apartment building in the downtown area of the city. The colorful woman lived on the fourteenth floor in a spacious three bedroom apartment and it took him a few days to find a good location for spying.
A shorter, neighboring building had a rooftop garden that Lewis conveniently lost himself in at night. The building reached fifteen floors, giving him a great, shallow angle for looking down on Misty's apartment. She had a lot of rooms in her large apartment and there were always one or two windows that didn't have the curtains closed.
Shaking off the guilt of spying became a serious game, starting with an imaginary court of law in which Misty was guilty until proven innocent. Proving innocence was the complete opposite of the real criminal justice system so it didn't help justify the spying. It was just a game, a distraction to keep him from feeling guilty. 
So in his imagination, if she was guilty, then he had to spy to prove her innocence. He likened it to drug testing office workers. They gave businesses no reason to drug test them other than a presumption of guilt. Sometimes he wondered how some high-level managers could live with themselves.
After several nights of spying for too many long and lonely hours, his thoughts came in circular waves. His guilt kept returning and he kept chasing it away with his imaginary kangaroo court only to have his evidence dismissed. He thought that Misty's job couldn't possibly allow her to afford such a nice apartment. She must have been engaging in some criminal activity on the side, but he didn't factor in all of her rich boyfriends, something he didn't realize until after several nights of spying. The judge in the imaginary courtroom scowled as he spoke and his words suddenly changed and sounded amazingly real, except they seemed to come from behind.
"Hey, Lewis. Never thought we'd meet like this."
The startled man quickly turned to face the owner of the voice, a tall, gray man dressed all in black, including a black baseball cap with the bill facing backwards. The man held a camera with an extremely large lens. The lens had to have a very high magnification, high enough to easily take close-up pictures of a certain woman with color across the way.
"Who are you? You scared the hell out of me!"
The man chuckled. "Sorry 'bout that."
"Yeah. Right." Then the colorful man realized something amiss. "Wait a minute. How do you know my name?"
"It's my business. I work for your favorite website. Ya know?"
"The color monitoring website?"
The man smirked and nodded.
Lewis scowled. "I'm not really a fan of that website. But I am a little grateful about how they handled my move to the city. I like that they didn't make a big production about it."
"Yeah. Not my call. But if it made ya happy…." The man shrugged.
"So?"
The man cocked his head but didn't say anything.
"Are you going to tell me your name?"
"Oh, yeah. Name's Ned. Never mind the last name. Need to know only."
Lewis rolled his eyes. "Okay, Ned. Now how about telling me why you're here. From what you said, I take it you're not stalking me."
The man chuckled. "Ya got that right. No offense but except for your healin', you're kinda boring. But Misty there," he gestured towards her apartment, "is a real firecracker."
"You've got a nice way with words, Ned. Anyone tell you that?"
The tall man chuckled again. "And you're turnin' out to be less boring than I thought."
"Thanks. I think."
The two men stood facing each other for an awkward minute or two until Ned finally edged his way forward.
"So," the big man said. "Any action tonight?"
"Excuse me?"
"Is Misty prepping for some bedroom gymnastics?" He waggled his eyebrows.
"Please. Don't go there."
"Don't tell me ya haven't seen her in action. C'mon. Why else ya here?"
"Yeah. That. I'm trying to catch a serial killer."
Ned had been setting up to take some photos but he stopped and turned to size Lewis up with a look. "Really? Ya think a killer has been croakin' all the people ya healed? Not just Doris?"
Lewis nodded.
"Well. That's certainly interestin'. Ya got my attention now. What else ya got?"
"Not much. I'd rather not give away everything but I'm fairly certain that it wasn't just Doris who was murdered. You know about Brad Blingston and Ellie Henderson, I take it?"
Given that the man worked for the color monitoring website and apparently lived in the city, it was pretty much a given that he knew all about the local people with color. He nodded and waited as Lewis gave him a brief outline of what he knew and suspected.
"You're right. I agree it's a strong possibility, but it's not much to go on."
"Hm." Lewis hesitated but finally came out with something that was bothering him. "I've checked out your website often enough in the past couple of months. I've been doing research for possible murder suspects. But I don't remember seeing any compromising photos of Misty."
Ned had the good sense to look down at his feet and blush a dark gray. "Oh. This is just a bit of practice. Ya know?"
"More like a hobby, you mean. But that's cool. As long as you don't sell the photos."
Ned raised an eyebrow. "Who says I don't sell 'em? A man's gotta eat."
"Never mind."
The photographer went back to his work, leaving Lewis deep in thought. Having a partner, especially one who was so knowledgable about the world of color, might be a big help and Lewis had to ask. "I don't suppose you have any connections with the police."
Ned held his camera steady as he pointed it towards Misty's bedroom and took several shots. "I might," he said, pausing between shots. "Why ya askin'? And what's in it for me?"
"I'd like to know what evidence the police found in the Perfect Angels van that hit Doris. It might help me identify the killer."
The tall man stopped and turned to look back at Lewis. "And what makes ya think you'd be any better at it than the police?"
Lewis shrugged. "Not necessarily better. But I do have more experience with color than they do. I might have a better perspective."
"Yeah. More heads are better than one. Right?"
"Exactly. Like I said, I'm fairly sure the killer has color, and I'm almost positive that he's keeping himself well-hidden. Your website might want to find him, even if you don't."
Ned pulled off his cap with a free hand and scratched his short, black hair. "I see what you're tryin' to do. I'm not an idiot."
"Yeah. Sorry. I wasn't really planning to manipulate you. I guess I'm a little desperate to catch the killer."
"Okay. I'm interested so I'll ignore it. For now. Just let me make sure I understand somethin'. The guy who mowed down Doris is likely the same guy who killed Brad and Ellie. Right?"
"Right. But Brad and Ellie were killed in a different way. With his special ability."
Ned put his hat on backwards again and rubbed his chin. "Yeah. An ability that cancels out yours."
"Or maybe cancels out any special ability. Who knows?"
"Meet me back here in three days. I'll see what I can dig up for ya."
"Thanks, Ned."
"Don't thank me 'til ya see my bill. Your psychology tricks are gonna cost ya." He chuckled and went back to photographing Misty.
Lewis left the man to his work and went home. He tried to occupy his thoughts with Frankie but he kept coming back to his chance encounter with Ned. For the first time in weeks, he had real hope, and he couldn't wait to hear about any evidence that the police might have found.

* * *

Frankie and Lewis sat in a corner booth of their favorite restaurant, the same small, noisy Italian bistro where they had their first dinner together. Silverware clattered on plates and voices filled the warm room along with the scent of garlic, marinara sauce and freshly baked bread. Flickering electric candles on the tables supplemented the dim track lighting overhead. Romance and a passion for food hung in the air.
Between bites, Lewis stole frequent glances at the recently colorized woman seated next to him. How could he not? His gift of color made her so beautiful. Her words went mostly unheard though. They mixed with the ambient noise in the restaurant and were lost. Lewis could only hear his own thoughts, thoughts that started with a ten-year-old murder mystery. He'd be meeting Ned later that same night in the rooftop garden across from Misty's apartment.
"Lewis!" Frankie suddenly slapped him lightly on the arm. "You haven't heard a word I said," she accused.
He gave her a sheepish grin and shrugged.
"Men," she said with mock exasperation, just before taking another bite of her vegetable ravioli. She soon grinned to show that she wasn't really angry.
Lewis breathed a sigh of relief and turned his full attention to her. "Sorry. I've just been thinking."
"You've been doing a lot of that lately. Too much, unless…."
"Unless what?"
"Unless they're thoughts of me, of course," she said with a teasing lilt that he found so attractive.
"Color suits you, Frankie," he said quietly.
She blushed. "Flattery won't save you. But thanks."
"What do you mean?"
"Ah. You fell right into my trap."
He rolled his eyes but grinned. He loved her playfulness.
"Yes, Lewis. I know you're hiding something. And I can guess what it is but it would be better if you just confessed."
It was his turn to blush. "Oh. You mean my sleuthing?"
She shuddered. "Sleuthing. I love that word," she said quietly, then, much more loudly, "I knew it! Lewis!"
"You've had to work. What else was I supposed to do?"
She pouted but it slowly turned into a grin. "Okay. I'll forgive you on one condition."
He interrupted her. "That I tell you everything?"
She nodded. "Tonight. After my shift. I'll drop by as usual so make sure you take a nap. Or just stay in bed and keep it warm for me."
"Ah, yes. My body heat and pillow talk are irresistible." He could joke too.
Frankie laughed and her blue eyes sparkled with mischief and love.
Blue. He noticed that her eyes closely matched the color of his own and he couldn't look away. He loved blue. He looked into her eyes and lost himself.

* * *

The nap would have to wait. The colorful man had a meeting to attend, though he arrived on the rooftop a little late. And it took him a little longer until he could find Ned. He eventually heard the sound of a camera shutter whirring in the undergrowth beneath a cluster of Douglas maple trees. The trees stood in a raised bed that allowed room for their roots without damaging the roof below.
"Ned!" he hissed in a loud whisper. "It's me! Lewis!"
"Ya don't have to keep it quiet. No one's gonna hear us," the tall man said as he stood up and bulled his way through some bushes towards Lewis. It would've been easier to use a narrow, concrete path that curved through the garden but he ended up taking a more direct route.
Lewis fidgeted in anticipation and earned a laugh from the other man.
"Ya need a toilet or somethin'?" Ned joked.
"No. Let's just get this over with. Did you get any information and if you did, how much will it cost me?"
The gray man narrowed his eyes a little but kept his composure. "In a hurry to get back to your woman?" he half accused, half asked.
"What? How do you know about that?"
"We have our ways," Ned told him.
"Right. So your company has a good spy network. That's fine." Lewis sighed. "Look. I'm sorry for rushing. But please. I've waited a long time and it's getting to me. I need to find the murderer. Did you find anything or not?"
"Yeah. I found out a couple o' things. Don't know how much good it'll do ya."
"Does that mean you won't charge me much?"
"Much," he said, and chuckled. "I like that. Yeah. After I refreshed my memory about how much money your family's got, I'm gonna charge ya good."
"Fine."
Terms were discussed and a substantial amount of cold, hard cash exchanged hands. Lewis had come prepared and preferred to be discreet with the payment. Ned appreciated the effort and told the colorful man all about the two pieces of police evidence that were found. One was a man's short, black hair. The other, a tiny smear of makeup on the steering wheel.
After the tall man finished, Lewis stared down at Misty's apartment, deep in thought.
"I told ya it wasn't much. There's no proof the hair or makeup came from the killer but if it did, it looks like the killer could be a man or a woman."
"Yeah," Lewis said. "Still. Every little bit helps. Thanks, big guy."
Ned grunted. "I'm going back to my hobby now. Try not to get yourself killed."
The two men parted ways and Lewis went home to think.

* * *

The colorful couple sat snugly together in Lewis' warm den, doing a quick search on the Internet. The Perfect Angels had a website like most organizations, making it easy to contact them. After punching in the hate group's local phone number on his hyper phone, Lewis soon heard the voice of an eager sounding young man.
"You've reached the Perfect Angels," the young man said. "How can I help you?"
"Hi. My name's Ben," Lewis lied. "My wife and I are interested in joining your organization. My wife is also looking for a job and we were wondering if you had any openings for a driver."
"Oh. We don't hire drivers, Ben. Only church elders can drive our vans. Sorry. But you're certainly welcome to join. We're always looking for new members."
"Can women be church elders?"
"What? No. Of course not. Our women best serve the organization by staying in the church or at home."
From the young man's tone of voice, Lewis would swear the man wanted to finish by saying, "Where they belong." The organization was predictably sexist as well as hateful of those with color.
"Right," Lewis said. "I was just making sure. Can't be too careful these days."
The young man chuckled. "Well, that's okay. You had me going for a bit there. But you're still welcome to join us."
"Yeah. I'll get back to you on that. Thanks. Bye!" Lewis hung up and immediately looked at Frankie.
"So," she said, having been close enough to overhear both sides of the phone conversation. "No women drivers and I don't think it's likely that the men in the Perfect Angels wear makeup. That means the killer had makeup."
"That means the killer is a woman?"
"Oh, Lewis. Some men wear makeup. But it might help if we knew exactly what kind of makeup it was."
"Hm. Ned referred to it as makeup as he talked about it, but when he first described it, he said it was greasepaint."
"Lewis! Why didn't you tell me that sooner!"
He shrugged.
"Silly man. It makes a difference. Greasepaint is relatively uncommon. And it's just as likely to be used by actors as it is actresses."
"Hm. That actually makes sense."
Frankie nodded. "You said the killer could be hiding. What better way to hide than to use greasepaint to cover his color?"
"Or hers."
She shrugged. "Unless that other piece of evidence also belonged to the killer."
"The man's hair? Oh! Wait. Did I neglect to mention that the hair had been dyed black?"
"Lewis!" she lightly slapped his arm. "Little details like that are important. That pretty much convinces me that the killer is a man who's trying to hide his color with makeup and hair dye."
The colorful man's eyes lit up.
They'd narrowed down the possibilities and their options, making it easier to decide on their next course of action. They first wondered if they might be able to trace purchases of greasepaint to the killer but realized that they didn't have the resources or authority. That option was best left to the police.
Another option was to share their findings with the police, something that Frankie wanted to do early on, but she slowly changed her mind after getting color. Lewis had experienced a lot of prejudice when it came to his color, and the prejudice wasn't limited to hate groups. Frankie started having the same experiences and it really bothered her. She saw firsthand how her color polarized people into haters and lovers of color, and it wasn't clear which group was worse. Color lovers could become quite obsessed and could be just as dangerous as the haters. Police officers were only human. Color affected them as strongly as anyone else, and Frankie couldn't bring herself to trust them.
After toying with the idea for the better part of an hour, their third option stuck with them in spite of rejecting it several weeks ago. They just had to work out the details. If they couldn't track down the killer, they'd get the killer to come to them. They hoped to ambush the killer the next time Lewis healed someone. If hospital security was lax enough for the killer to get to the healed patient, they might catch the killer in the act and hopefully stop him from canceling out Lewis' healing. It could be dangerous, but they thought it would work.

* * *

The fleshed out plan excited Frankie, though it was roughly the same plan that she'd rejected when Lewis sort of half suggested it soon after they met. Back then, there'd been more unknowns, and she hadn't had color. Color somehow made her feel more daring, more alive. She couldn't understand how she hadn't agreed to the plan before.
The biggest problem with the plan was timing. No one could predict when a fatally injured person would end up in the hospital and cling to life long enough to be healed. Lewis could get out of work but Frankie couldn't walk away from her patients. She might be left out of the action and that both worried and frustrated her. It especially frustrated her when she saw how accepting Lewis was about it.
"You want me out of the way," she accused.
He confirmed it with his silence and she stormed away. He did want her out of the way, but only because he feared for her safety.
Their first fight didn't last long. Neither did their separation. Frankie showed up on Lewis' doorstep two days later at 3 am, after her shift. She'd been gone long enough to turn gray and it shocked him to see her like that. He'd gotten too used to seeing her in color.
"I'm sorry!" she wailed, waiting for him to invite her in.
It took him too long to recover from his shock and she turned away, thinking that he rejected her. But he reached out to place his hand on her shoulder. "Wait," he told her. "Please. Come in."
She followed him to the living room and they sat at opposite ends of his long couch. Lewis turned to face her but she stubbornly looked down at her feet and started the conversation.
"Does color make one more emotional? I'm just wondering."
Lewis sighed. "Not that I can tell. I think it's…."
She looked up at him, encouraging him to continue with her eyes.
"I think it's love, Frankie. It's so intense. I had no idea."
She gave him a goofy grin. "Aw. Does that mean I'm your first girlfriend?"
He looked down. "First intimate girlfriend," he muttered.
"What was that?"
"Okay. Okay. Yes. I was a virgin when I met you. You took my virginity. There. I said it." He glowered but it didn't diminish the grin on Frankie's face.
She slid over to him on the couch and leaned against him. "I had no idea you were a virgin," she said, adding, "That's a compliment by the way," when he didn't respond.
"Um. Thanks. But I guess I'll be facing closer scrutiny now."
"I wouldn't worry about it. I've got no complaints."
He blushed and she noticed.
"Aw. Don't be shy. But if you have any doubts, just remember one thing."
"Hm?"
"Practice makes perfect," she whispered.
Neither of them said anything more the rest of the night. They soon retired to the bedroom together and spent the rest of the wee hours of the morning making up.

* * *

Four days later, just after midnight, a young woman named Ruby Pinafore left the restaurant where she worked and drove in the direction of her apartment. She didn't make it home that night. A drunk driver ran a red light and slammed into the side of her car, crushing it along with her rib cage. The doctors at St. Mary's hospital didn't expect her to survive the night and they called Lewis soon after their prognosis.
The colorful couple were back to their usual schedule. Frankie had a shift at St. Mary's that night and Lewis went to bed early so he'd be ready for her after she got off work. When his hyper phone received the call, it blared the latest hit pop song and startled him awake.
"I'm gonna git you for adding that ringtone, Frankie," he muttered as he fumbled for the phone.
After hearing Ruby's dire prognosis, Lewis threw on some clothes, grabbed his black coat and raced down to his car, making it to Saint Mary's Hospital in short order — easily soon enough to save Ruby's life.
The colorful man pressed both of his hands against the injured woman's arm and sent color and healing energy to her. Her broken bones knitted and her organs regenerated in just under twenty minutes, leaving the healer exhausted and the woman very much alive. She'd be good as new after getting enough sleep, which would likely mean that she wouldn't wake up until sometime in the early afternoon later that same day.
Lewis backed away and almost fell back into a chair against the wall. When he looked up, he saw Frankie's colorful face, smiling down at him. It took him a while to tear his gaze away from her face and notice that she held out a glass of orange juice for him. He thanked her with a smile and took the juice, downing it and falling asleep soon after.

* * *

When he woke up, Lewis found himself in the same chair, covered by a blanket with a small pillow wedged under his neck. He smiled at the thoughtfulness and immediately credited his girlfriend.
As he stood up and stretched, he looked around and saw no one but Ruby, sleeping peacefully in her hospital bed. She'd lost all her color but looked good, normal enough for a healthy gray person anyway.
He wandered out into the hall, looked both ways and went in the direction of the nearest nursing station, where he asked about Frankie. The nurse on duty paged her for him. All he had to do was wait.
Frankie showed up about ten minutes later. "Sorry," she told him. "I had to help with a patient. It's normally slow at this time but we've had a few problems in addition to the woman you healed."
"It's okay. It's important work. I understand."
She smiled at him and mouthed the words, "I love you."
He sighed and mouthed the words back to her. Then he looked up at a nearby clock.
"Hey," he said. "It's two in the morning. You're off work."
"Yes, and I think you need more sleep, Captain Obvious."
"No. I just meant that we can team up now. You know. The plan?"
"Right! So who's watching the patient?"
"Ruby? I left her alone and came looking for you."
"What?"
The two of them jogged back down the hall to Ruby's room and breathed a sigh of relief when they saw her still sleeping in her bed.
"What now?" Frankie asked.
Lewis shrugged. "This is awkward. We need to guard Ruby but not be obvious about it so we don't keep the killer away. But we don't want the killer to actually get her."
"Don't we have to let him try to prove he's the actual killer?"
"Oh. I hadn't thought of that. I don't like it but I guess you're right."
She paused a moment in thought. "Couldn't you just heal her again if he does reverse your healing?"
"I don't know, actually. And I don't want to test it, but I'll have to. Damn it!"
"Listen, Lewis. You look like you could use more sleep, especially if you might need to heal Ruby again. Why don't you continue on to the waiting room and take another nap? I'll stand guard down the hall."
He shook his head. "I'm not leaving you alone."
"Don't be stubborn. You're exhausted. The bags under your eyes have bags. Go sleep!"
"Spoken like a true nurse," he said.
She smirked back at him. "Don't make me force a sedative down your throat."
"You wouldn't dare."
"Try me." She folded her arms and gave him a stern look that made him nervous.
"Okay. Fine. This is your world. I'll go sleep. But you better contact security."
"Sure. But what do I tell them?"
He smiled. "I've got just the thing. I've been giving it some thought. Tell them you expect someone to come in through the back entrance to go after Ruby. The killer would likely try to come in through the front entrance first, and when he sees the coast is clear, he'll keep coming. You can watch for a suspicious looking man coming in from the front entrance and call me and security when the time is right."
She nodded. "And even if he tries the back entrance first, he'll spot security and either leave or try the front entrance. Good idea."
"Thanks. Maybe now I actually can sleep. I wasn't sure I could without a decent plan. We never did work out these kind of details."
"I'll be okay, lover. Go get some sleep and dream of me."
He smiled and went off to the waiting room, leaving Frankie to her task. He didn't see the one serious flaw in the plan.

* * *

Lewis had warned Frankie about hiding. Her color would make her stand out and could make the killer suspicious. She took the advice, but she couldn't hang out in the waiting room since the killer would likely pass by and spot her, and she couldn't see anything from the break room. Her best bet was to lurk in a nursing station, and that meant having to associate with the other nurses.
Being a well-trained nurse, she couldn't sit and do nothing while people suffered. Her compassion compelled her to help out with patients and paperwork, and that allowed the killer to slip by undetected and have enough time to pay Ruby a visit. Frankie had no idea what had happened until well into a conversation with her coworkers.
The newly colorized nurse sat and talked with another nurse named Suzie who happened to love color while a third nurse kept quiet and glared. The third nurse obviously hated color and was mostly ignored.
"I checked on the noise in Mr. Jackson's room," Frankie told the friendly nurse. "It was just him snoring. The man's a regular buzzkill."
Suzie laughed until she snorted. Then Frankie laughed.
"It wasn't that funny, Suzie. But I'm glad you liked it."
Frankie's color made the friendly nurse giddy enough that everything seemed funny or wonderful. The color and giddiness had the opposite effect on the other nurse, Josie. It just made the older nurse glare all the more.
The three nurses settled in to do some serious paperwork when another nurse suddenly showed up, shaking her head and muttering to herself.
Suzie noticed the muttering first. "What's wrong, Patty?"
"Oh. I caught some creepy man slinking down the hallway just now. I sent him on his way. But what a creep!"
Frankie perked up then. "Can you describe him? Did he have color?"
Patty shook her head. "It wasn't your boyfriend if that's what you're thinking. This guy was dressed all in black with a coat, ski hat and sunglasses. Can you believe that? Sunglasses? What a tool!"
The colorful nurse reached for a phone and called Lewis. While she waited for her sleepy boyfriend to wake up and answer, Patty told her one more useful bit of information.
"There was one more thing about the creep. He seemed kind of sickly. His skin had an unhealthy look."
As soon as Frankie heard that, it made her think of greasepaint. She bolted for the hallway and ran to Ruby's room. Lewis answered his phone just as she entered.
"Get to Ruby's room! Stat!" the woman shouted and hung up as she got to work.
The monitoring equipment had been turned off after the woman had been healed but something was definitely wrong. The sound of raspy, difficult breathing filled the room.
"Crap!" the colorful nurse shouted as she reached for the nearby respirator. Luckily all of the equipment that had been required earlier for Ruby was left in the room.
After Frankie had done as much as she could, she called security and then chewed her lower lip as she waited for Lewis. She kept telling herself that Ruby would live long enough for Lewis to arrive, and she hoped his healing ability would work a second time.

* * *

Lewis muttered when he heard the same ringtone that Frankie had added to his phone. But his anger faded and his head quickly cleared when he heard that Ruby was in trouble. He shook off his grogginess and trotted down the hall with his head down. He didn't expect to meet anyone coming the opposite direction, not at that late hour of the night, so he wasn't careful about watching where he was going.
When he rounded the first corner, he bumped into a man who was about a head shorter than himself. Instinctively, he reached out, grabbing the man's arms to steady him. That's when he noticed some peculiar things about the other man.
The short man stood dressed all in black, with a long coat, ski hat and sunglasses, and his skin had an unhealthy sheen. The sunglasses had been knocked half off the man's face, allowing Lewis to see a telltale sign of color in the corners of the man's eyes. The blood vessel's in the man's eyes also had definite color and Lewis knew he was looking into the eyes of the killer. The biggest shock wasn't the color though.
"You!" Lewis shouted. "I know you! I saw you on TV!" He maintained his grip as the other man struggled to free himself. Lewis hung on and finally remembered the man's first name. "Nick!"
Nick gasped and swore, and with a great jerk backwards, he freed himself, but he didn't run quite yet. Lewis still stood in his way.
"I know you, Nick. You might as well turn yourself in because I know who you are."
"Out of my way, freak!"
"That's… that's really stupid coming from you. You might try to hide your color with greasepaint but I know you've got color. I can see it in your eyes. And I know you've got a special ability that cancels out mine."
"It cancels out the abilities of all you colored freaks," the short man spat.
"Wow. You really need help. But I know a woman who needs it more than you. I'm going to heal her again. Then I'll deal with you."
"No!" Nick shouted as he yanked the sunglasses from his face and threw them hard on the floor, shattering them. "You can't do that! Her death was meant to be!"
"We'll just see about that."
Lewis bulled past the short man, not noticing that Nick followed closely behind with a look of pure hatred. 
The two men raced down the hall to Ruby's room and both entered one after the other to see Frankie sitting by the ailing woman's bed.
"Lewis! Hurry! Heal her!" the colorful woman said, ignoring the other man for the moment.
The healer ignored Nick as well and went over to stand next to the bed. He reached out to touch Ruby's arm, and just as before, began filling the woman with color and healing energy.
Nick looked on with increasing agitation. "Impossible!" he finally shouted when he realized that the injured woman was getting better. "You can't go against God's will!"
Frankie looked over at the short man and gave a snort of disgust. "Who says it's God's will? Who are you to speak for God?"
The man glared at her but didn't say anything. He continued to glare as he watched his ability being undone, just as he'd undone Lewis' ability not long before.
Lewis finished the healing and almost immediately afterward, two security men showed up and positioned themselves on either side of the bed. They left Lewis alone and gave Frankie an inquiring look.
Nick muttered more than a few obscenities and bolted for the door.
"Let him go!" Frankie shouted at the security men. "Stay and guard Ruby. I'll go after that man."
"Wait for me," Lewis growled. He looked drained of energy but very determined. He desperately needed another rest and he had to force himself to stand up. It took a great deal of anger and adrenaline to keep himself moving. "Go get your car, Frankie. I'll try to keep Nick in sight and direct you to me."
She looked at him, cocking her head. "Nick?"
"No time to explain. Just go! Please!"
Frankie went for her car in the hospital parking garage while Lewis jogged back towards the waiting room, in the direction of the front of the hospital. He heard some confused shouting ahead so he knew he was on the right trail.
When the colorful healer got outside, he immediately stopped to note the cold, heavy rain falling from the dark sky. Then he looked both ways and saw Nick running down the street to his left. He jogged after the short man and slowly sped up as his anger increased.
You're not getting away, little man. You've killed people and made my life a living hell. It's time for payback.
The sidewalks were empty at that late hour, leaving the two men alone for a fairly well-matched chase. Normally, it would've been easy for Lewis to run down the killer, but he'd spent too much energy healing Ruby. After drinking a glass of orange juice and getting over an hour of sleep, he'd mostly recovered from the first healing at least, and he had his anger to keep him going.
The cold rain also helped to energize Lewis a little, but it evoked memories of the night that he got his color, when he chased his crazy dog in the rain and saved her life after she got hit by a car. He vigorously shook his head and tried to focus on catching the man ahead of him.
He soon remembered to pull out his hyper phone, speed-dialing Frankie as he ran. "He went left out front," he said quickly between breaths.
"Got it!" Frankie said. "I'm nearly out of the stupid garage. It's got too many levels!"
Lewis kept the phone connection open as he continued to chase after the killer. With his longer legs, he actually gained a little distance on the shorter man.
Nick turned to see Lewis pursuing him and swore. He increased his pace and veered down the first alley he came to, tipping metal garbage cans over behind him as he ran. The garbage cans echoed loudly on the pavement and started several dogs barking. The man grimaced at the noise and kept running.
When Lewis got to the alley, he swore. "Go around the first block to the right," he told her. "He went down an alley but it's blocked."
"Right," she acknowledged.
He heard her drive by behind him at high speed not long after he entered the alley. When he got nearly halfway to the next block, he slowed to add, "Watch out for him. He turned left out of the alley. Coming your way."
"Where? I don't see him," she said. Soon after, there was a piercing scream and the connection went dead.
Lewis ran as fast as he dared and shot out of the alley to see Frankie's car stopped diagonally in the road ahead of him. The left headlight illuminated a prone body with legs and arms bent at unnatural angles. The impact of hitting the man broke the right headlight.
The scene caught his attention just like it did the night that his dog was hit by a car. As he stood there, panting out clouds of mist, he noticed the spray of rain drops as they splattered up from the pavement. The loud, steady hiss of the rain competed with the sound of Frankie's squeaky windshield wipers and the smell of dust was strong in the damp air. It hadn't rained for over a week and the heavy rain kicked up dust that had accumulated during the dry weather.
He slowly moved forward and as he approached the car, still huffing and puffing, he could see Frankie inside, crying. He got to the car and opened the door to hug the distraught woman.
"It's not your fault," he quietly told her between breaths.
"I know!" she wailed. "But still! Heal him! Please, Lewis! Heal him!"
The colorful man nodded and moved around to the front of the car where Nick was lying. He bent down and pulled the injured man's left coat and shirt sleeves up to reveal his forearm. Then he touched the man's colorful bare arm and the healing energy flowed.
"Stop," Nick whispered, barely conscious. "What are you doing?"
"I'm healing you, idiot. Now shut up and let me concentrate."
"No. You can't. It's not right." Nick tried to move but he wasn't healed enough. He didn't have the strength to push Lewis away.
Lewis kept healing the severely injured man until the man lost consciousness and slept to complete the healing process. Soon after, the colorful healer pulled his hands back and slumped down onto the wet pavement, also losing consciousness.

* * *

Frankie rolled over in bed and gently woke Lewis with a kiss early in the afternoon. "Time to get up, sleepyhead," she told him.
"Huh?"
"Still asleep? Do you need more kisses?"
"What?"
She smiled and bent down to kiss him again. When he started returning the kiss, she pulled back. "Okay. That's enough. You're still too weak to mess around. Nurse's orders."
"Meanie," he told her with a mock pout.
She laughed until he frowned. "What is it?" she asked. "What's wrong?"
"What happened to Nick? Did I heal him?"
"Oh. That." She turned away.
"What? What is it?"
"You did heal him but he died sometime later."
Lewis gasped. "Why? How?"
"It seems he used his ability on himself… to cancel out your healing. His body was all broken up and dead when they checked on him in his holding cell."
"That's so… so…."
"Stupid? So wrong?"
"Yeah." He didn't know what else to say.
Both of them took a moment of silence to contemplate the often sad state of human behavior.

* * *

Lewis sat facing Frankie at his dining room table, having a home cooked meal courtesy of Frankie. He couldn't cook to save his life.
He just finished chewing and swallowing a large, tasty bite of lasagna and spoke up. "I can't believe the killer was a member of the Perfect Angels long enough to be their treasurer. How stupid can you get?"
Frankie shook her head. "I can't believe they didn't know about him."
"What? How can you say that? They hate color."
"Indirectly," she said with a smirk. "They don't hate color so much as they hate special abilities. But wouldn't Nick make the perfect member for them? He had color but his ability canceled out special abilities. They hate special abilities and he could eliminate them." 
The hate group held a brief press conference and sounded sincere enough when they denied knowing that Nick had color. The vast majority seemed to believe the group but there was a silent minority who didn't.
Lewis thought a moment and nodded. "I guess it does make a sick sort of sense. I mean, if they knew about his color and ability, wouldn't they have known about the killing? How could they approve of that?"
"Same reason he did. They thought you were going against God's will."
"Cheating death, you mean," he said.
She shrugged. "Whatever."
"No. Seriously, Frankie. Exactly how religious are you? It's important."
She gave him a crooked grin. "I was raised a Catholic but I don't go to church any more. I've fallen and I won't go back. Why do you ask?"
"I've heard that having similar religious views is important for a healthy, long-term relationship."
"How long-term?" she asked, giving him a serious look.
He blushed but held her gaze. "For the rest of our lives?"
She squealed and launched herself from her chair. She ran around the table and hugged him from the side, shouting, "I do! I do! I do!"

* * *

Lewis and Frankie pulled up in his car to the large, front entrance of the Sinclair estate. He buzzed the intercom to the left of the entrance and the steel gates slowly opened to allow him to drive through.
When he got to the end of the long, gently curving driveway, he saw his parents, standing on the large front porch. One huge Ionic column stood to each side of the porch with a lintel between them that supported an ornate, triangular tympanum. The Greek structure was purely ornamental but still impressive thanks to its immense size.
Everything about the Sinclair estate spoke of great wealth, but the Sinclairs themselves seemed a lot more normal than Frankie imagined. Both of Lewis' parents stood together, dressed in casual clothes as they smiled and waved to welcome the colorful couple into their home.
Frankie liked them immediately.
The two couples moved to the formal sitting room and before they could find seats, Lewis' mother hugged the colorful, young woman and pulled back to say, "Nice to finally meet you, Frankie."
The young woman gave a shy smile. "Nice to meet you too, Mrs. Sinclair. And you, Mr. Sinclair."
George nodded and smiled.
Both couples claimed one of two short, white sofas that faced each other for what started out as a serious little chat.
"Color suits you, Frankie," Mary said, giving her a knowing look.
The colorful woman blushed and briefly looked at her feet. But she soon realized that she had nothing to be ashamed of and looked up. "I guess it's fairly obvious that Lewis and I have been intimate," she confessed. "But I assure you that I love Lewis." She looked over at her fiancé and reached out to take his hand in hers.
Mary nodded. "Yes. I can see that. Good. Then there's really nothing left to say except congratulations and welcome to the family."
Both couples immediately stood up. Mary hugged Frankie again and let George take a turn hugging the young woman. They moved to the formal dining room and had Chinese food delivered while they talked about wedding plans and Lewis' healing ability.
With no immediate threat of death hanging over those that he healed, Lewis was free to continue his contracts with local hospitals. After hearing the news about the killer, all of the local hospitals clamored for his services. The only issue that concerned them was the same one that concerned the world. They still had an impending asteroid collision to deal with.
In a little over three years, an asteroid with color would impact the Earth and nothing would be the same. Frankie and Lewis decided to wait until after the event before having any children but they weren't too concerned. They were free of a deranged serial killer and they had each other. Lewis would continue to heal accident victims on the verge of death and Death would just have to patiently wait for those victims to die of other causes.

Back to Table of Contents
The Synesthesia Plague

A gray young woman pulled over and parked her small, white car on the side of the road as soon as her hyper phone buzzed. She could've used her headset to keep her hands free and kept driving. The phone had a headset but like the vast majority of hyper phone users, she preferred having the device pressed up against her ear. The cool, plastic surface seemed less intrusive than stuffing an earbud in her ear.
She grabbed the high-tech device from her purse in the front passenger seat and answered without looking at the display. She had a good idea who it was. Few people called her in the early afternoon. "Hello?"
"Hello, Jill," her mother said. "I know you're out running errands but is it safe to chat?"
"Yes, Mom. I'm not driving. Don't worry."
Her mother sighed. "You know it's best that way, for both you and everyone else on the road, especially with them around."
Jill tried hard not to roll her eyes. She knew her mother would somehow know if she did. But she knew who her mother referred to and she made sure to be careful. "I don't need any safety lessons, Mom. Come on. I'm always watching out for zombies."
"Please! Don't call them that. That word gives me the shivers."
This time her daughter did roll her eyes. "Sorry. I know they aren't really like that."
"Yes, well, it must be terrible to be trapped inside your own mind with your senses going haywire. I think...." The older woman trailed off, leaving an awkward pause.
"Why did you call, Mom?"
"Can't a mother just call and have a nice chat with her daughter from time to time?"
Jill smiled and watched the traffic pass by while she chatted. She had a short but nice conversation with her mother before hanging up. With her trunk stuffed full of groceries, home improvement supplies, and a fuchsia in a hanging basket, she pulled back onto the road and drove the last two blocks to complete her last errand.
The nearly empty parking lot in the strip mall showed just how scared everyone was in spite of the government ending the quarantine. The young woman parked directly in front of the dry cleaners and went inside to pick up a couple of her suit dresses.
A tall, gaunt man stood behind a counter with lines of clothes hanging behind him. The clothes were all covered in white plastic bags that rustled in the wind from two noisy fans.
"Hello, Mr. Johnson."
"Hi, Jill. Always nice to see a regular customer."
"Business a little slow today?"
"It's slow everyday, thanks to the zombies."
"Yeah."
Doctors couldn't find any bacterium or virus that caused the plague of acute synesthesia, as they called it. There didn't seem to be any contagious agent so the Center for Disease Control lifted the quarantine and continued to look for the cause. In the meantime, the number of cases slowly and steadily increased from hundreds to thousands and more.
After a little investigative work, doctors figured out that except for having mixed up senses, zombies were otherwise normal, healthy human beings who were literally trapped in their own minds. Doctors hospitalized the afflicted and tried various therapies to no avail. There was still no known cure.
The affliction seemed to have started in developed nations and slowly spread to nearly every country on the planet. No one seemed safe, except maybe the blind and those with color. So far, no one with color or blindness had developed acute synesthesia.
Jill shook her head when she thought about it. But she had more errands to run. She couldn't dwell on zombies. With a receipt and her two dress suits in hand, she turned to leave.
"Bye, Mr. Johnson," she called over her shoulder as she leaned into the door to push it open. "Thanks."
"Thank you, Jill." He flashed a brief smile. "Please come again."
She carefully hung her two dress suits from a hook in back and plopped down on her carseat, sighing. She hoped they'd find a cure soon. Hospitals were already filled to capacity. The world couldn't handle many more zombies.
The young woman sadly shook her head and drove towards her next errand. She made it another three blocks before she rounded a corner with an old brick building and gasped.
The other side of the brick building came into view and she could see a large banner hanging from the eaves. The banner was wider than it was tall, and it rippled in a slight breeze. It displayed a message all on one line that read "ZOMBIES ARE PEOPLE TOO!" in large, white letters. But the thing that made Jill gasp was the blue background.
When she looked at the banner, she heard the sound of several, out of tune trumpets blasting away. Slowing her car to a crawl, she tried looking away and the trumpets instantly stopped. When she looked back at the banner again, the trumpets started. She experienced what nearly all zombies had described as their first symptom. Her senses got mixed up when she saw color. She had mild synesthesia.
According to those who developed synesthesia, color somehow triggered their initial mild symptom and the added sensory experiences gradually intensified. Black, white and all shades of gray eventually caused more mixing of the senses, and the condition worsened until they couldn't properly sense anything, becoming virtual zombies. Left on their own, they'd stare into space and shamble along until they dehydrated and died. They couldn't even function well enough to find water.
Everything that Jill knew about the zombies suddenly came to mind at that moment and led to the inescapable conclusion that if her condition progressed at the average rate, she'd become a zombie in just under four weeks.
The distraught woman pulled over to the curb and barely got the engined turned off before she broke down, crying.
"Why?" she bawled. "Why me?"

* * *

It took Jill a surprisingly short time to collect herself and drive home. She had a lot of plans to make and a lot to think about. The prospect of becoming a zombie might paralyze most people with fear and indecision but she wasn't most people. She wasn't about to take it sitting down.
Her small, white house sat atop a hill overlooking a narrow, forested valley that had a large stream running through it. Wetlands spotted the lower area, making it unfit for housing developments. Only the top and one side of the hill had houses.
The exterior of the house wasn't all that impressive but the interior made up for it, with hardwood floors, granite counter tops and all of the latest kitchen appliances and bathroom fixtures. She made enough money as a dental hygienist and had enough time to put a lot of work into the house.
The garden took up a lot of her time and care too, and it showed. The garden produced a wide variety of flowers, berries and vegetables. Her neighbors loved it. So did the local honey bees.
Jill's one story, square house was older, having been built before huge houses with three car garages suddenly took over the area. Her property tax increased at an alarming rate, but so did the value of her house and land. She had a nice job. She could easily afford the taxes, or she could as long as she kept her job, which most likely wouldn't be very much longer.
She suddenly had a thought as she put away her groceries. First thing I need to do is put my house up for sale. Then she slumped down on the kitchen floor and cried.

* * *

Jill collected herself after a good, long cry. She put away the rest of her groceries, hung her dry-cleaned clothes in her closet and dumped the home improvement supplies on the floor in her spare bedroom. Her latest do-it-yourself project would likely go unfinished. It would take her too long.
She sighed and went out to her car to retrieve the newly purchased fuchsia. She hung it from a white aluminum post that curved in a small half circle at the top. The post stood just outside her kitchen window, where she hoped to see hummingbirds feeding on the flowers while she cooked or washed dishes in the sink.
Most people used dishwashers but not Jill. She preferred to use environmentally safe dishwashing liquid to wash dishes by hand, with the stereo going and maybe some birds to see in her garden once in a while. She bought only organic produce and meat from grass-fed animals, and she exercised five times a week. Keeping healthy was important to her. So how and why did she get the synesthesia plague?
With everything put away, she no longer had any distractions to keep her from thinking about her condition. She went back in her spare bedroom, carefully stepping over the supplies that she scatted on the floor, and sat down at her computer desk to boot up her computer.
After creating her third to-do list and deleting it, she shook her head. Everything she came up with required working senses, something that she soon wouldn't have. Several stuffed animals on the twin bed behind her promised some small comfort but she resisted. Instead, she talked to her nearest house plant, a pink cyclamen on a wooden stand next to her computer desk. "I can't do this alone, Chloe. No shame in that, eh?"
She turned off her computer and went to find her purse on the kitchen table. With her trusty hyper phone in her hand, she took a deep breath and speed dialed her mother.
"Jill! What a pleasant surprise. I was just about to see if you wanted to get together for dinner."
"Sorry, Mom. I'm not very hungry. I have bad news."
"Whatever's the matter, dear?"
"I've got synesthesia. I'm going to be one of them."
"What? Are you sure? How can you be sure?"
"I'm sure, Mom. I saw a big blue banner and heard trumpets. It doesn't get any more obvious than that."
"Someone still had color out? Where everyone could see it?"
Jill sighed. "Apparently so. But you know it doesn't matter. Even a memory of color can cause synesthesia. And we've all seen color."
"Yes. I suppose you're right." An awkward silence passed before her mother spoke again. "Did you go to your doctor? What did she say?"
"No, I haven't been to Doctor Stevens yet. I haven't been home very long. But I think I can wait a day or two before I go."
"Well then, tell me what happened."
Jill gave her mother a brief report of what happened after their previous phone call and ended with a request. "I'm going to need help getting everything in order."
"Well that's a given. Of course I'll help you. I'm sure your father and brother will help too. Do you want help with your latest home improvement project then?"
"No. Actually, I thought it best if I sold my house."
"What? But you love that house! You put so much work into it!"
"I know. I know. But I won't be able to work and I won't be able to afford the taxes. Neither could you and Dad."
"Yes. I see what you mean. I'm sure your brother wished he could help but he has trouble affording a cheap apartment."
"Yeah. Matt's having too much fun to save money." She sniffled a little.
"Oh, honey. Don't cry. I'll be over as soon as I can. We'll work something out."
"Thanks, Mom."
"You're welcome, dear. See you soon. I love you."
"I love you too, Mom."
Mother and daughter hung up and would be getting together to help each other through the initial stages of a very perplexing and debilitating condition.

* * *

Max Prendley wove his delivery van slowly around clumps of black plastic garbage bags that littered many of the less frequently traveled streets in the city. It annoyed him, mostly because he couldn't hang his long arm out the window as he drove. He had to use both hands on the steering wheel to avoid all of the obstacles. Garbage collection had become less and less regular as the zombie plague worsened.
The gray young man handled the idea of a zombie apocalypse rather well. He did it by not thinking about it. Modern rock beat out a loud, staccato rhythm from the van's speakers to keep Max mostly preoccupied, his head bobbing to the music.
"Where's that stupid office?" he muttered as he scanned for address numbers. "I'm gonna be late if…. There it is!"
He quickly veered towards the loading zone in front of a ten story building to park and jumped out of the van to deliver a batch of experimental drugs to treat the zombie disease. The back doors of the vehicle creaked open and the refrigerator gave up a box of vials that were carefully lifted and carried into the medical building.
As the delivery man entered the lobby, he didn't notice the desperate, hopeful stares of people who'd brought their loved ones in for treatment. The normal waiting areas on the upper floors had overflowed, forcing people to wait in the lobby.
Those who waited with synesthesia hadn't become full zombies yet but they were well on their way. The zombies-to-be had their eyes pinched shut to minimize the mixing of their senses. They had to be led around by one of their family members so at least they didn't stare.
Everyone with their eyes open couldn't help noticing the box that Max carried, with the universal biohazard symbol covering almost half of every side of the box. The black symbol, with its three arcs over a circle was well-chosen. The arcs all ended in sharp points that made the symbol look somewhat like a dangerous throwing weapon.
Max approached the front counter and gently set the box down. "Hi," he said, smiling at the young woman who stood on the other side of the counter. "I'm here to deliver this to a Doctor Hoover?" He said it more as a question and the woman nodded.
"Just a sec and I'll notify her," the receptionist said.
"Her?"
The woman cocked an eyebrow. "Yes. Doctor Hoover is a woman."
"Oh. Right. Sorry." Too late, he noticed his mistake and gave up any ideas of asking her out for a date. He met most of his dates during his deliveries.
A nameplate on the counter showed the woman's name to be Madeline. She preferred to be called Maddy but she tried to be professional at work and use her full first name. Madeline had noticed the stares of the people in the lobby as Max entered with the drugs. She also noticed some of them edging closer and got a little nervous. Her tone of voice softened. "Please wait here," she said quietly, for his ears only. A quick sideways glance to the left alerted Max to her concern.
He nodded to acknowledge and turned to stare down some of the closer people. They backed off and both Max and Madeline breathed a sigh of relief.
The experimental drugs would be successfully delivered that day.

* * *

The Wixley family all met at Jill's house. That included her brother and both parents. Dan, her tall, slender father didn't speak much. It was his compassionate eyes that told his daughter how he felt. She quietly hugged his waist and led him to the living room, where he sat next to his much shorter, stocky wife on the sofa. Her parents, Kelly and Dan, were complete opposites in so many ways but they got along exceptionally well. Jill's older brother, Matt, sat in the matching chair, leaving the youngest of the family to stand and repeat everything that she'd already told her mother over the phone.
Even though her family already knew, they didn't handle it well when they heard it again from her in person, not with the raw emotion in her voice. After a flurry of ideas and a few expletives, they all settled down to slog through the details.
None of them felt that Jill should do any more driving. It could prove to be too dangerous as her symptoms progressed. They discussed and agreed to the selling of the house but Jill's brother wouldn't let her part with her cute little hybrid car. As her brother Matt bluntly put it, if they sold off everything, they'd be admitting defeat. He wasn't going to give up on a cure and he wouldn't let anyone else either.
"Oh, brother, dear," Jill said with a hint of humor, "however will you afford to keep my car?"
"I'll sell my own and drive yours if I have to but you'll have it back when you're cured."
"Awww," she said, holding out her arms. Her brother stood up and she went over and wrapped her arms around the tall, well-built man in an awkward hug. He was too big for easy hugging.
Matt bent down and picked her up like he did when she was a young girl, cradling her in his arms. He'd always been large enough to hold her and make her feel loved and protected.
Jill allowed herself to enjoy the moment before getting back to a more serious tone. "Put me down now, bro. We have a lot more to do."
He obliged and the family worked out more of the details for the next few weeks of Jill's life, starting with putting her house up for sale.

* * *

The next morning caught Jill by surprise. Her mother had stayed the night in the spare bedroom and came into her daughter's bedroom with breakfast on a tray.
"Rise and shine, sleepyhead," her mother said. "Time for breakfast."
The young woman looked at her clock and muttered. "I don't have time. I need to get to work."
"Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. You'll make time. Or have you forgotten what happened yesterday?"
The events of yesterday came flooding in and Jill moaned. "Yes. And yes. But at least let me call my boss and let him know I'll be late."
Her mother gave her a puzzled look.
"You'll drive me of course. But I need to go in and formally quit my job. I want to do it in person. He's a very nice man and deserves that much."
"Right, dear," her mother said, gently laying the tray on her daughter's stomach. "I'll wait."
Jill dug through her purse for her hyper phone and found the contact number for the dentist who she worked for. She quickly speed dialed it and waited for an answer. Of course she got redirected to the receptionist.
"Hi, Marta. I'm so sorry for the last minute call but please tell Sam that I'll be in late this morning. I have something very important to discuss with him."
She hung up before the receptionist could even think to ask any questions and very quickly shoveled food into her mouth.
"Slow down, young lady," the older woman said, using her motherly command voice.
Jill grimly replied between bites. "Sorry, Mother, but it's too late for etiquette lessons. I'm going to be in a hurry with everything for the next several days so get used to it." She went back to scarfing down her food.
Her mother shook her head and went out to eat her own breakfast in the kitchen. She couldn't bear to watch her daughter eat.
Both women finished breakfast and Jill threw on the first casual outfit she could find. She spent several more minutes carefully applying a little makeup and called herself good to go. She had a job to quit and a doctor to visit among other things.
No rest for the busy zombie-to-be.

* * *

The short ride to the dentist's office where she worked left Jill feeling somber. Given the extremely short notice, she didn't expect anything more than a last full paycheck plus a little extra for her few days of work past the last pay period. The loss of income meant the beginning of the end of her former life. Never mind that most people found her a bit dull. She kept herself challenged and busy. Happiness was relative, and she was happy. That's all that mattered, or that's all that used to matter. She had much greater concerns about her near future. Happiness itself would be a challenge in the weeks ahead.
After getting out of the car, her mother tried to take her arm but she shrugged it off. "Not necessary," she half snarled.
Her mother whispered quietly enough that her daughter could just barely hear, "Not yet," and followed through the front door of the small one-story building.
As soon as the two women entered the lobby, Marta rushed around the counter and into the waiting area. "Jill! What happened? What's wrong?"
Several of the others who worked in the office gravitated towards the lobby, listening intently.
Jill sighed. "Where's Sam? I'll tell you all what happened as soon as he gets here."
Marta rolled her eyes. "He's with a patient, the one you were supposed to be helping him with. But I suppose I can wait." She moved back behind the counter to her chair and everyone else faded into the background.
Jill ended up pacing while her mother sat in a nearby chair. The older woman alternated between reading a magazine and watching her daughter wear a path in the carpet.
After a long fifteen minutes, the dentist finally showed up in the lobby. The short, broad man quietly entered the lobby and cleared his throat. "Hi, Jill," he said, looking down at his feet. He only briefly looked up once to make sure he was addressing the right person. "Is something wrong?"
"Sam. I'm so sorry, but I have to quit."
"Quit?" he said in a quiet voice. He looked up again with sadness in his eyes.
Jill turned around, mouthing the word, "Help," to her mother.
Her mother raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything.
The young woman turned back around. "Yes, Sam. I have to quit and I'm sorry it has to be on such short notice."
"Why?" he asked, not taking his eyes off of Jill for the moment.
The way he looked at her told her more than everything that he'd ever said to her over all of the years that she'd worked for him. It made her feel worse than ever because she suddenly realized that he was attracted to her.
Jill swallowed hard. "I have synesthesia. I noticed my first symptom yesterday. I won't be able to continue working."
Marta gasped and slapped a hand over her mouth. Sam just stared and backed away. Two patients sat in the lobby and they edged back in their chairs.
Jill's mother scowled. "What is with you people? It's not contagious." She paused, waiting for a reaction of some sort, and when she didn't get one, she called out to her daughter. "Come on, Jill. Let's get out of here."
The afflicted young woman sighed. "Please send my last paycheck to my house. You've got my address."
Marta nodded, looking a little sick as she did so.
Jill turned and rushed out of the lobby with her mother close behind.

* * *

Mother and daughter left the dentist and quietly continued on to Jill's doctor. Neither of them wanted to talk about what happened at the dentist's office. They didn't trust the car radio either, not with a proliferation of radio talk shows that focused on the zombie plague. Radio and television were both saturated with news and talk about the plague and they didn't want to hear about it.
The short drive took them to the doctor's office in another one-story professional office building. They parked and once again, Jill led her mother across the parking lot and into the office.
"Hello," the young woman said to the receptionist. "I'm Jill Wixley. I'm here to see Doctor Stevens."
The receptionist, a young man with short, light gray hair sat behind the counter. His eyes got very large when he heard the Jill's name. He knew why she was there and her condition scared him. It scared everyone in spite of the CDC ending the quarantine.
Seeing the man's reaction, Jill backed away to have a seat next to her mother and wait for the doctor to see her. It wasn't a long wait.
"The doctor will see you now," the receptionist said after only a few minutes.
His voice startled Jill out of an unpleasant daydream. She'd started imaging herself shambling down the street as a zombie. The dream couldn't have ended well and she was happy for the interruption. She got up and led her mother through a door and into the corridor where the doctor waited.
Doctor Stevens was an older woman with a lot of patience and determination, though like other doctors, she struggled to handle cases of acute synesthesia. Without knowing the cause of the affliction and with no chance for a cure, there wasn't much she could do. The only thing that doctors could agree on was that color somehow triggered it. Color did trigger the affliction, but there had to be more to it than that. Gray people had been exposed to color for years, long before any cases of synesthesia showed up.
The three women ended up in the doctor's office to discuss Jill's symptoms. The office was small and warm with a padded table covered by a thin sheet of white paper. The office had a window with the blinds drawn for privacy.
"Hello, Jill," the doctor said. "And Kelly. It's nice to see you again."
The three of them exchanged greetings and then got on to business. Kelly sat on a chair in the corner of the room while doctor and patient spoke to each other. Jill's description of hearing trumpets when she saw a blue banner confirmed the trigger and Doctor Stevens sadly shook her head.
"I want you to write down a list of everything you saw and did yesterday, up until you saw the blue banner. Then add daily work and home life habits, things you do frequently or regularly. Make it as detailed as you can. The more details, the better. Your list might help us figure out what's causing this. Other than that, I'm sorry but I can't do much besides monitor you as the synesthesia progresses."
The young woman frowned. "What if I avoid color? What if color makes it worse?"
"We've already thought of that. It doesn't seem to matter. Once color triggers it, it slowly progresses at a steady rate and so far, nothing we've tried will stop it. I wish I had better news."
Jill sniffled a little and her mother moved closer to comfort her with a hug.
The doctor thought to add a little more information, explaining that by the end of the week, black and darker shades of gray would start getting mixed up with sounds and other senses. After two weeks, the young woman would most likely need twenty four hour care. Her condition would become too severe.
"I'll see about arranging hospice care for you starting the middle of next week," the doctor told Jill.
"Hospice?" Kelly asked.
"Don't worry. She'll get good care there, probably better than a hospital. Hospitals are already too crowded."
Hospitals were too crowded by that time as the number of new cases of acute synesthesia showed no signs of slowing down. The usual course for a contagious disease would start out slow, with the number of new cases rapidly increasing until quarantine measures eventually slowed it down. But even with a global quarantine, the number of new cases of the strange new affliction stubbornly continued to increase and even accelerate. The temporary global quarantine hadn't slowed it down. Nothing could stop it or slow it down.
The zombie apocalypse was coming.

* * *

Max gave up driving on side streets. They were too cluttered with trash and an occasional zombie so he stuck to major thoroughfares, where he parked and walked the extra distance to make his deliveries.
He was thankful that the delivery van didn't display anything more than a company name. If it included any clues about the medical supplies that he delivered, he'd worry someone would rob him. It got harder and harder to ignore the zombie plague. Not even rock music could mask the growing problem.
The world viewed the first few dozen cases as a curiosity but when the total number of cases reached a hundred thousand, people grew concerned. The more affluent communities were hit hardest in the first few months and many who were less well off wondered if karma played a part in the plague. When the total number of cases reached into the millions, people everywhere started to panic.
The slow onset of symptoms usually gave people enough time to get help. It was much worse when it first started happening about nine months ago, before people knew how severe the symptoms could get. That's when zombies shambled down the street, stopping traffic and scaring people half to death. The zombies didn't seem interested in biting anyone, but when someone tried to help them, they'd get agitated. Many of the afflicted would strike out and scream. The blood-curdling screams were the worst.
Max hadn't heard any zombie screams firsthand, but he'd seen a couple of videos on the Internet. They were hard to miss. They popped everywhere along with warnings to watch over the afflicted or call emergency services to deal with zombies who were unattended.
The cautious delivery driver parked his van and retrieved a box of experimental drugs from the back. The drugs became his most frequent delivery by far as virtually every medical lab worked on a cure for the zombie plague. He covered the box with a drop cloth so no one would see the biohazard symbols and tried to act casual as he started walking. Three blocks was a long way to carry such valuables, even if they weren't proven to work. Desperation and hope stood out on so many faces of the people who he passed. It wouldn't matter to them if the drugs worked or not.
"They don't pay me enough for this," he muttered quietly.
He'd tried using his music player during some of his longer walks. It didn't work out though. He'd worried too much about not being able to hear dangerous sounds that could warn about potential danger, like an angry mob approaching from behind. He'd also tried humming once but he couldn't carry a tune very well. The noise that he made offended his own ears too much so he stopped.
The walk to the medical building passed without any serious incident. The stress made it unpleasant but not fatally so. Max entered the building and that's when things got serious.
As soon as he got in the door, people found themselves drawn to him. When he lifted the box up on the front counter and removed the drop cloth, people saw the biohazard symbol and the questions started, the first one from a short, older woman.
"Are you a doctor?" she asked.
"No, ma'am. I'm not a doctor. I'm just a delivery man."
"What are you delivering?" another woman asked.
"Experimental drugs." No use lying. It was pretty obvious why he was there.
"Do they work?" several people asked.
Max shrugged. "I don't know. I hope so."
No one asked about side effects. They used to ask about them but they no longer seemed to care. Anything short of death had to be better than the living death of being a zombie.
People started pressing in from all sides. They pushed Max up against the counter, annoying him a little.
He turned to face them and protest. "Hey. Come on. Give me a little room here."
When he turned back to look for the receptionist, he didn't see anyone. A young man had been standing behind the counter but the man hurried off through a door.
"Hello?" Max called. "I'm here to make a delivery!"
No one answered. All he could hear was the sound of breathing all around him as bodies pressed into him. He felt himself start to be pushed off to one side and let himself go. A gap in the crowd suddenly appeared and he slipped into it, making his way to the front doors. The sounds of shredding cardboard started just as he left the building.

* * *

After returning from the doctor, in the comfort of her little house, Jill completed a long list of her activities on the day that she contracted synesthesia. Her mother looked over her shoulder as she typed it out on her laptop, filling in little details like what they talked about during their phone conversation.
"Mother, I don't think the doctor needs to know everything we talked about on the phone."
Her mother gave a nervous laugh. "Sorry, dear. I guess I got a little carried away."
When Jill finished the list, they both looked it over and pointed out suspicious things like the dry cleaning.
Her mother noticed first. "What about those chemicals they use for dry cleaning? I read somewhere they're very toxic."
Jill nodded and did a little research online, noting that modern dry cleaning started less than a hundred years ago and didn't really take off until fairly recently. It started to look promising as a cause until she read how regulations were added to reduce toxic fumes. She also thought about the people who worked as dry cleaners. Mr. Johnson worked as a dry cleaner for ages. If dry cleaning caused the "zombie disease," he should've gotten it long ago, unless color had yet to trigger it. That wasn't likely.
Color had been almost common up until four or five months ago, when the Great Color Panic struck. A man with color had been able to permanently give color to others and those others gained special abilities, but the abilities were rather weak and generally worthless. The newly colorized people ended up using their common ability to temporarily give color to objects. They touched posters, billboards and flyers, giving them color for twice as long as they were touched. Colorful advertising sprung up everywhere, catching everyone's eye and increasing profits. It worked well until the zombie plague.
After the first couple months of the plague, people noticed how color was linked to the onset of symptoms and the Great Color Panic had begun. Color was never quite banned, not officially. It didn't matter though. People shunned color, hiding colorful objects away until they lost their temporary color. Those having color feared for their lives and ended up having to hide away. They generally took time off from work and depended on friends and family to get them through a dark time that lasted well over a month. That's how long it took for people to realize that they didn't actually have to see color to develop acute synesthesia. All it took was a memory of color, and everyone on the planet had at least one day's worth of memories of having glowing color.
A little over a year ago, glowing color lit up the whole planet. Everything and everyone glowed with color for twenty four hours. A teenage boy with color had a special ability that gave glowing color to everything and everyone around him. The area of effect depended on how upset he happened to be at the moment and how long it'd been since he'd last used his ability. On that day of global color, he happened to be distraught enough and had enough power stored up to paint the entire world with vivid, glowing colors. Earth's oceans glowed blue and the blue color even reflected off the moon. The vast majority of the world's population couldn't help but see color on that day. They couldn't help remembering color, and they officially named the predominant color as blue. It was the first color to be named.
The young woman tapped her jaw with her index finger, remembering her own glowing color with fondness. The happy memories didn't last long though. She started hearing trumpeting elephants and tasting cinnamon. She had to give up on her colorful memories and concentrate on her list.
She thought about everything else on her list, and like the doctors, nothing really jumped out at her. The dry cleaning wasn't a strong candidate. "Whatever," she finally said. "I'm sure I included everything I did that day. Now it's time to start listing my normal work and home life habits."
After nearly an hour of brainstorming with her mother, Jill took a break. She stayed seated and stretched her arms up straight above her head, yawning with her eyes closed. When she opened her eyes, she noticed the late hour by the digital clock on her laptop. The sun was close to setting and the light in the room had noticeably dimmed. It wasn't all darkness though, not to her.
"Mom?"
"Yes, dear?"
"Please tell me you see a dim, flashing colored light. It's not blue but it's definitely color."
Her mother had long since sat in a chair next to her. She looked around for a flashing light and shook her head. "No. It's getting dark though. Would you like me to turn on a light?"
Jill tried to reply but only managed a strangled squeak. She'd just been experiencing another symptom.

* * *

Katy Songstrom drove along a lonely stretch of highway late in the evening. The sun had set over an hour ago and the moon had risen not long after. The colorful woman felt a strange impulse to turn off her headlights and drive solely by the light of the moon. She didn't get out often enough. She couldn't.
The special ability that came along with Katy's color proved to be somewhat debilitating. It gave her something in common with the zombies. She had exceptionally strong empathy, feeling exactly what others around her felt, and it easily and often became too painful for her to bear. Her empathy forced her to hide away in her parents' home for most of her thirty plus years of life.
Her large family proved helpful and supportive. They were well-off, owning a small chain of grocery stores. Katy even helped out with stocking shelves and other late night activities. She could tolerate the few customers who shopped late at night.
Her parents were fairly mellow and even-tempered. She could easily handle their mild emotions so she managed to live with them well enough. She still wished she could move out on her own.
Maybe someday. Assuming we don't end up having a zombie apocalypse.
She pulled into her parents' driveway. Her driveway, she had to remind herself. It was her home too, though as she got out of the car and walked towards the front porch, it didn't feel very comforting. She felt an unusually intense mix of emotions coming from the house. Rushing through the door and into the living room, she found her mother crying and her father looking rather upset.
"What is it?" she asked them as she started to cry. "What happened?"
"It's your sister, Maggie," her mother wailed. "She got it! She got that damn zombie disease!"
Between sobs, her mother explained that Katy's youngest sister, Maggie, had her first symptom earlier that day and finally worked up the courage to call them with the news less than an hour ago.
Katy wanted to stay and try to console her parents but the roiling emotions in the room proved too much for her. With the house feeling way too small at the moment, she went back out to her reliable little car and soon lost herself on the highway. Her own emotions continued to plague her though. The news upset her just as much as it did her mother. She'd drive all night before fatigue dulled the sharp pain in her heart. Only then could she go back home and sleep.

* * *

Early the next morning, the Songstroms collected all but one of their immediate family members and headed over to Maggie's apartment to help the twenty-three-year-old baby of the family. The young woman would need all the love and support she could get as she gradually lost her connection to the real world.
Katy had to stay behind, of course. Her emotional siblings would likely put her into a coma. That's what had happened the last time she tried to join a family meeting to discuss an important issue. It had taken her over twelve hours to recover from that so her parents understandably left her at home.
She wasn't happy about it. She wanted to be there for her sister but she thought it for the best, especially since she had color. She knew that color triggered the dreaded zombie disease and she didn't want to remind Maggie of that fact. Her presence would be too distracting and upsetting so she stayed home and did what any caring sister would do in her place. She couldn't be with her family so she did some research on synesthesia.
Hundreds of websites devoted a large amount of time and resources to the synesthesia plague. The brightest and boldest spewed theory after theory and yet the number of new cases still increased. Current numbers estimated that well over fifty million people were afflicted with no end in sight.
Katy sighed and tried some more specific queries to get fewer hits and avoid getting saturated with bad news. It worked. When she searched for symptoms of acute synesthesia, she noticed an interesting fact. As far as anyone knew, every single first symptom involved hearing a sound to go along with seeing a color. It had to be a clue. Everyone else thought so too but it still didn't get the world closer to a cure.

* * *

Jill sat on her couch going stir crazy. Her condition hadn't progressed enough to stop her from doing most things. She contemplated starting her latest home improvement project and shook her head to stop herself from thinking any more about it. Her project would only keep reminding her that she'd be improving her home for someone else.
The "for sale" sign out in front of her house could be seen through the living room window from where she sat. She glared at it and the most amazing thing happened. The sign appeared to burst into flames. She knew it was just another symptom of her synesthesia but it still made her smile, until the flames went away. That made her wonder.
After several more experiments, she found that she could trigger sensory hallucinations that related directly to her mood, especially when feeling strong emotions. Her hate first caused the "for sale" sign to catch fire, and when that amused her, it stopped. She focused more hateful thoughts on the sign and it triggered other random senses that related to her hate. She heard the sound of chewing carpenter ants, smelled sawdust and saw flashes of lightning strike the sign, and each time her hate provoked a sensory hallucination, it amused her and the hallucination promptly stopped.
What a waste of time. But there must be something constructive I can do.
After a little brainstorming, she wondered about the possibility of communication after her condition had fully developed into acute synesthesia. It seemed like a hopeless task but a very important one to try.
Health care professionals had trouble feeding and caring for the afflicted. Any kind of interaction would all too often cause violent or disturbing reactions and too many of the afflicted had to be sedated during the day. They'd be unconscious during the day and awake all night with no one around and very little to see in the dark. If some form of communication was possible, it could reduce the need for sedation.
Jill quickly eliminated the possibility of two-way communication. If she couldn't trust anything her senses told her, she couldn't imagine any way to understand written or spoken messages. That only left some way that she might convey messages to someone else.
There were no known instances of zombies speaking intelligibly. They could babble and make all sorts of random sound effects, and their screams often caused nightmares for the people who heard them. It made a certain kind of sense. If the zombies couldn't hear properly, they'd likely get confused when they tried to speak and it didn't sound right. Spoken messages were off the list.
Morse code seemed promising until she realized that it would have to involve touch. After remembering descriptions of how some zombies reacted violently and screamed when lightly touched, she moved on.
After another hour of brainstorming with nothing to show for it, the distraught woman shook her head. She'd done a little reading about zombies the night before. She could still read at least, and she found out that doctors had measured the brain waves of zombies. The brain waves showed mostly normal activity. Zombies were definitely still aware, and if they had a way to communicate, they would have tried it.
As she sat on the couch, she came close to giving up, and it made her do something she hadn't remembered doing since she was a little girl. She very briefly pouted and then laughed at herself for doing it. But she didn't stop there. She moved to the bathroom to see herself make faces in the mirror. She stuck her lower lip out for an exaggerated pout and laughed again. It gave her a welcome distraction and it triggered some much needed inspiration.
Zombies made faces, and if they could make faces, perhaps they could convey emotions. It wasn't much but it was a start. Jill stood in front of the mirror making faces, and she soon stumbled onto yet another promising idea. She mouthed the word, "Damn," and her eyes widened. She didn't need to speak the word to say it. If someone read her lips, they could understand her.
She quickly found herself in her spare bedroom in front of her computer for some quick research. When she couldn't find anyone who'd tried lip reading with zombies, she called her mother, her doctor and everyone else who'd listen to her idea. Everyone agreed that it held promise.
She impressed herself with the way she focused on the problem. Physical tasks like her home improvement projects and gardening seemed easy enough. So did her work. But purely mental tasks never really held her interest, not since college and not until she developed synesthesia.
She refused to give up on herself and went back to brainstorming.

* * *

Katy found herself alone in her car, driving around without any thought of a destination. She devoted all of her mental energy to thinking about possible causes and cures for the zombie plague.
The synesthesia always seemed to start with color and sound, and it got progressively worse until it completely debilitated a person. Avoiding color didn't stop it once it was triggered. So far, nothing had been found to stop it, and no one had a cure.
The colorful woman shook her head and dabbed at a tear in her left eye with a fingertip. She certainly didn't have any answers, and she didn't see the zombie until it was nearly too late. Her foot found the brake pedal and her car skidded to a stop less than ten feet from the plague victim in front of her.
The older man in front of her car cocked his head as if hearing something strange. Then he continued shambling across the street.
Katy pulled over to the side of the road and called 911 to tell emergency services about the zombie. Then she looked up and noticed that she'd parked in front of her sister's apartment building. It didn't surprise her. She hadn't planned on visiting Maggie but her sister was ever present in the back of her mind. She figured that her subconscious brought her there, so with more than a little anxiety and a smidgen of hope, she got out of the car and found herself in the elevator, on her way to her sister's apartment on the seventh floor.
The elevator door opened and she walked down the hallway to Katy's apartment. She knocked lightly on the door and her mother opened the door, frowning at her.
"Oh! Hi, Mom. How's Maggie? Can I see her?"
Her mother sighed and moved out of the way to let her daughter enter.
Katy headed down a short hallway to the master bedroom but the oldest Songstrom sibling, Shelly, quickly popped out of the bedroom and intercepted her colorful sister. The younger sister winced at the emotion before Shelly could utter a word.
"Please, Shelly. Take it easy. I just wanted to see her and let her know I'm concerned. Is that so wrong?"
The slightly older sister huffed. "She doesn't want to see any color. You should know better."
"I just want to say hi. It's not like I caused the zombie disease."
"You might as well have. Everyone knows color causes it."
"That's not true!"
Just then a small voice called from Maggie's bedroom. The door was left ajar and the afflicted young woman inside could barely be heard. "Shelly? Is that Katy I hear?"
Shelly shouted back. "Yes. It's Katy."
"Please tell her to leave. I'm sorry but I don't want to see any color."
"You heard her, Katy. Leave."
"But I want to try something. Something just occurred to me. No one with color has turned into a zombie. What if we're immune?"
Shelly's eyes narrowed. "How nice for you. But what's that got to do with Maggie?"
"If I'm immune, maybe I can somehow transfer my immunity to Maggie."
"Are you stupid? It's not a contagious disease. I know that much at least. All we know is that color triggers it and for all we know, it might speed it up. I think you should just go."
Katy had to fight the urge to turn and run as the emotions intensified. "Can I at least try giving her color? Please?"
Shelly's look softened a little. "Okay. Look. I've been doing a lot of reading on the subject and it's not going to work. Early on, they tried giving color to zombies and nothing happened. The zombies got color and continued to flinch at every little sound until the color faded back to gray."
The younger sister sniffled a little. "So it's hopeless then."
"Pretty much."
Katy turned and hurried back out of the apartment, muttering, "See you later, Mom," as she left.
She just made it back to her car and buckled herself in before breaking down and crying. There was nothing anyone could do except cry and complain.
But I was so sure color would help.
She felt a little tempted to chase after the man she'd almost hit with her car a short time ago. If acute synesthesia was triggered by color, then color had to have something to do with curing the condition. Doctors might have tried giving color to zombies before but did the zombies have color long enough? Did they really try hard enough to give color a chance? What could a little more experimentation hurt?
Giving the idea a little more thought, Katy had to remind herself that a lot of zombies didn't react well to being touched and she'd have to touch one to give them color. The descriptions of some of the zombie screams gave her second thoughts. That and she couldn't believe that doctors had actually given up on color. No one could afford to give up on a possible cure.

* * *

Jill found herself lying in bed in a hospice and she hated it. She hated the relative isolation. She hated being around others with the same condition. They all reminded each other of their dire future. She kept her eyes closed and imagined lying on a tropical beach. At least her imagination was safe. It wasn't affected by the synesthesia.
The hospice room was long and rectangular, lined by small windows on one side and neatly stuffed with two rows of small twin beds. Every bed had someone lying on it. Most of the beds had IV stands next to them. The staff tried to prepare the zombies-to-be for the standard feeding technique, hoping they wouldn't need sedation.
Jill's mother, Kelly, walked the narrow aisle up to her daughter's assigned bed.
"Jill? Can you hear me?"
The young woman sighed. "I'm still over a week away from being that bad, Mother. Let's not hurry things along, please."
"Sorry," she said, looking out the nearest small window. She couldn't bear to see her daughter in a hospice. "Anyway, you called me here to discuss something. So?"
"Oh, Mom. I know you don't like it here. That's painfully obvious, even without looking at you. I can hear it in your voice."
"Can you blame me?" The older woman turned to face her daughter, who still had her eyes closed to reduce the mixing of her senses.
"No. I can't blame you. But I was hoping for at least a little sympathy, and a little pleasant conversation. I don't have a lot of time. I'd like to make the best of it."
Kelly sighed. "I've been trying to get some time off but it's been crazy at work. We're already so short-handed, thanks to… you know."
"I know. All too well." She briefly paused before saying more quietly and mostly to herself, "This is crazy. Someone needs to do something."
Kelly startled her when she spoke. "You said you had another idea?"
"Oh! Yes. I remember Doctor Stevens saying…." She stopped abruptly, making gagging noises. "Sorry. I just tasted a mouthful of mayonnaise and mustard. Yuck!"
Her mother looked concerned but didn't say anything.
"Right. Where was I?"
"You were going to tell me about something that Doctor Stevens said."
Jill nodded. "Yes. She said avoiding color wouldn't stop this so I wondered what would happen if I embraced color instead. I don't think anyone's tried anything like that."
"What did you have in mind? I haven't seen any color around lately. Everyone's afraid of it."
"I want you to call Katy Songstrom for me and see if she'll come and visit me. According to the color monitoring website, she has color and lives nearby. Tell her I have an idea about a possible cure but don't give her any details. I want to pique her curiosity so she'll be more likely to come."
"Cure? I don't want to lie."
"It's not a lie, Mother. If color triggers this, then I have to wonder if it might be part of a cure. I want to try a few things. Please. Call her for me."
"Okay. Sure." Kelly sat at the foot of her daughter's bed. "I'll get right to it, after you tell me how you're doing. Are you they treating you well here?"
"They've been very nice. A little tired but always nice. Don't worry."
"I always worry about my little girl. I'm not handling this very well."
"Oh, Mom. I'm sorry." Jill tried sitting up and scoot over to give her mother a hug but she suddenly heard a flock of crying seagulls and stopped. Then the smell of rotting seaweed assaulted her nose and she started crying. She drew her mother in and they hugged and cried together for a good long while.

* * *

On the other side of the world, a one-sided battle erupted. Dirt roads bore a line of aging trucks with squeaky suspension and cracked windshields. They all drove towards one end of town where a small hospital overflowed with patients who had acute synesthesia. The dusty old trucks drove slowly with deadly intent. The people in those trucks thought they had a cure for the dreaded zombie disease but they didn't care about the patients. They were being ruled solely by fear and survival instinct.
Several people sat in the back of each truck, each of them holding on to a five gallon metal container and praying for success. It wasn't long before they'd dump the contents of those containers to save their town.
The trucks arrived, scattering around the hospital parking lot, and before most of them came to a full stop, people poured out of the trucks and jumped off the back, all either carrying a metal container or some crumpled paper and a lighter. They kicked down the unlocked front doors of the hospital and stormed inside, shouting angry slogans to keep their courage up.
Two doctors pleaded for mercy and were kicked aside. Most of the rest of the staff ran for their lives.
The small, one story hospital had two large rooms full of beds with a patient in every bed, but the patients weren't able to run. Most of them were afflicted with varying degrees of acute synesthesia and they stayed in bed as gasoline was splashed on them and around their room. Many twitched in discomfort from the smell of the gas, not aware when a flaming ball of paper was thrown onto the gas to light it.
One of the hospital staff waited outside with a hyper phone to record the atrocity. He meant well. He thought to stop it from happening again by sending his video out to the Internet, hoping that justice and morality would prevail.
People all around the world viewed the video of patients who quietly burned in their hospital beds. Those few patients with something other than acute synesthesia were unconscious before being lit on fire. Their deaths were mercifully quick. It was the others that caused the video to go viral.
With the angry mob in the parking lot, chanting, "Die zombies! Die!" in their native language, one of the afflicted did something that quickly stopped the chanting. The mob couldn't believe their ears when they heard a man suddenly start laughing inside the burning building. The laughing was loud enough that it could just be heard over the sound of the fire. 
The man's senses couldn't accurately process the pain of burning and he felt as if he was being tickled. So he laughed, and apparently, it wasn't an uncommon reaction to being burned for someone with the affliction. A second man joined him, followed by a young woman. The three of them laughed as they burned. They laughed until fire damage turned their laugh into more of a gurgling sound and then a raspy cough. The cough didn't last long.
The laughing haunted the mob. They turned back to their dusty trucks without another word and drove back home to their friends and families. Their mission was done, but the number of cases of acute synesthesia continued to rise in their town and all around the world, and the "Laughing Zombies" video didn't help matters either. Instead, it inspired far too many others to try the same barbaric act. The video shouldn't have been recorded and shared with the world.

* * *

"Hey, Sis," Matt said, standing over Jill's hospice bed, looking down at her.
She was lying on top of the bed, barefoot and wearing a thin tank top and shorts. Her eyes were shut as she spoke. "Matt? Is that really you? I'm sorry but I can barely tell with all the… interference."
"It must be awful," he muttered as he sat down on the edge of her bed.
She suddenly heard honking cars and a herd of trumpeting elephants. She squeaked in alarm and Matt shot back up off the bed, realizing that he'd scared her. Several people in nearby beds twitched in agitation from Jill's short outburst but didn't make any noise of their own.
"Sorry!" he said in a loud whisper. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you."
She laughed. "No. I'm sorry. It's just that I thought I heard elephants and honking car horns. Did you just try to sit on my bed?"
"Yeah. Should I try again?"
"No. Can you just stand, please? It's easier that way."
"Okay."
"What brings you here, bro? You haven't visited before. I thought you didn't like it here." She suddenly squeaked again and just as quickly giggled. She'd felt like she'd been briefly tickled with a feather.
"I don't," he said, looking at her warily. "But I want to see you. I miss you."
"Aw." She tried to get up to hug him and started rubbing her bare arms. "Is it cold in here?"
He didn't answer. He knew it was her synesthesia. Instead, he reached down and picked her up to cradle her in his arms. It always seemed to calm her, or at least it used to.
Jill struggled and squirmed at first before relaxing in his arms. She sighed, looking like she knew what was happening and enjoyed it. Then she got a strange look on her face. "Brains!" she suddenly blurted out.
Matt gasped and dropped her on the bed, though his look of alarm quickly turned to a wry grin when he realized it was a prank.
Jill laughed and gasped as she tried to speak. "I wish I could've seen your face," she said, but she didn't dare open her eyes. Her vision triggered too many other sensory experiences, making it impossible to have a conversation. She tried to imagine his reaction and got a little frustrated. It wasn't long before she started crying.
Matt very slowly and gently sat next to her and hugged her with one arm.
She bristled at first, before settling into the hug and continuing to cry.

* * *

Max drove down the only open lane of a four lane street. He waited for an oncoming vehicle, ducking behind an illegally parked car until the lane was clear again. As he started to go forward, he noticed a dark cloud of smoke rising ahead of him. That gave him a bad feeling.
As he approached the source of the smoke, he saw that it came from the complex of buildings that matched the address of his next delivery. One of the buildings had erupted in flames and there wasn't a fire truck in sight. There weren't any sirens to be heard either.
Against his better judgment, he entered the parking lot. A line of tall trees stood as sentinels, surrounding the lot, with short, flowering cherry trees growing on several narrow islands within it. The dark asphalt surface of the lot had crisp, parallel white lines painted to divide it up into reasonably wide parking spaces. Everything looked new and well-maintained. The lot and buildings spoke of wealth, but in spite of making large sums of money, the buildings lacked proper security.
The lot was half full of people and had less than two dozen vehicles scattered throughout. The lighter colored cars and trucks had graffiti spray-painted on them in large black letters. Most of the readable graffiti were zombie slurs. There were also a few unflattering figures that depicted zombies being burned. Max would've liked the one that showed a woman with flames for hair if she wasn't laughing. The laughing gave away the group's motives. Everyone had seen the "Laughing Zombies" video.
If he'd seen the zombie graffiti sooner, he would have avoided the lot and parked down the street instead. It probably wouldn't have mattered though. The crowd in the parking lot reacted more like a mob. They would've attacked anyone who dared approach any of the buildings.
Max stopped the delivery van in the middle of the lot and hesitated from fear. That was all it took for the mob to surround him and start rocking the van. Two groups of people alternately pushed on the sides of the van to rock it and it wasn't long before the van tipped on its side. After tipping the van, the majority of the mob wandered away to look for something else to occupy their time. Luckily for Max, they left him in the van. Only a few people lingered to spray-paint the top and back of the van with graffiti and then they left.
When the coast was clear, Max climbed up inside, stepping on the steering wheel and emerging through the driver-side door of the van. He cautiously looked around and hung over the side, dropping to the pavement.
The mob had moved back as close to the burning building as they dared. The building that they torched had been converted to a hospice and they hoped to hear the sound of laughing zombies, but the roaring flames from the large building drowned out all other sounds. They couldn't even hear themselves grumble and the heat from the flames would eventually drive them away and back to their homes. 
Max couldn't wait for the mob to disperse. He shook his head as he wandered out of the parking lot and went back the way he came. He didn't have a hyper phone -- he was one of a very few who didn't like them -- so he went in search of a phone so he could contact his supervisor about his current difficulties.
"They really don't pay me enough for this," he grumbled.

* * *

Like all of the other patients in the hospice, Jill was lying on top of her bed with her eyes closed, wearing a standard issue tank top and shorts. The staff found that fewer clothes and no bed covers helped reduce the sense of touch mixing up their patients. They turned the room temperature up high enough to keep everyone relatively comfortable and also tried to keep noises and smells to a minimum. There was no perfume, no high-heeled shoes with heels that clacked on hardwood floors. Throw rugs helped muffle footsteps but there was still some bare floor and high-heeled shoes were forbidden. The staff did everything they could to reduce the mixing of the senses for their patients.
In spite of the hospice's best efforts, Jill had never been more stressed. Only the very briefest moments of lucidity broke up the crazy mishmash of her sensory input, like the sun peeking out on a mostly cloudy day. She was in the third week of her acute synesthesia when Katy showed up at her hospice bed late in the evening.
"Jill? Jill Wixley?" the colorful woman asked. She looked at Jill's nameplate at the end of the bed and waited.
Katy's voice did register, but it took Jill a while to think of a way to respond that would minimize the mixing of her senses.
"I'm Katy Songstrom," the visitor said, after getting a short, choppy wave that she took as a greeting. "You called me here?"
Jill nodded and struggled to mouth the words, "Yes, I did." She had to go slowly because even mouthing words produced some mixing of her senses. Moving her lips, jaw and tongue involved some sense of touch. "Can you understand me?" she added.
"Yes," Katy said, surprised. "What a great idea!"
The stricken woman gently nodded and put a finger up to her lips. "Not so loud, please," she mouthed.
"Right. Sorry."
The two woman spent the next thirty minutes having a very slow and mostly one-sided conversation. Jill had more trouble understanding Katy because of the words mixing with other sensations. Once Katy understood that, they made better progress.
Jill had already progressed past the point of trying most of her ideas. There was only one idea left and Katy was willing to try it. The tall, colorful woman very gently sat down on the edge of the bed and settled the palm of her hands on the top of Jill's nearest bare thigh, allowing color to flow into the stricken young woman. If Katy were to touch two widely spaced body parts, she could've given Jill color much faster, but the colorful woman didn't know. She rarely experimented with color and didn't have much experience giving color to people. Given her strong empathy, she generally tried to avoid people.
The next hour passed all too slowly for both women as Jill completely colorized. Everything seemed to happen in slow motion in the hospice, for patients, staff and visitors alike, at least partly because people moved so slowly to keep noise levels down. Katy waited another twenty minutes or so to make sure Jill kept her color for a short time. Then she removed her hands from Jill's thigh to sit back to wait. She watched and waited.
Jill didn't feel any different so she didn't dare to open her eyes, not right away. She took some deep breaths and tasted strawberries along with hearing the sound of her breath. Then she tapped her index finger on the top of her thigh and saw clouds of tiny spots in various shades of blue. Her senses continued to mix. Still, she didn't want to waste the opportunity, so she braved a peek. She slowly opened her eyes, having to squint in the light. It wasn't that bright but she hadn't opened her eyes in several days and she had to get used to both the light and several other odd sensations that came along with the light. The smell of vanilla lingered in the air and it felt like her hair was blowing in a strong wind. She had to force herself to keep her eyes open.
Once she got used to the increased mixing of her senses, she looked down at her colorful hands and suddenly felt warm and tingly for a moment. She thought the warm tingling was from the acute synesthesia, but the feeling stopped as abruptly as it began and she took another deep breath. After the breath, it took her a few seconds to realize that she didn't get any other sensations along with the sound of her breath. She did sense something else though, and she looked up to see the face of a smiling woman who sat on her bed. It had to be Katy and Jill returned the smile.
After a celebration hug and cry, Jill went in search of a staff member to share her good news and make a request to help the others. She left Katy sitting on the bed.
Several staff members rushed back with shocked looks on their faces. They all gathered around the bed next to Jill's and anxiously waited as Katy sat on the bed to touch an afflicted woman and give her color.
Like all fully developed zombies, the woman had been restrained so she wouldn't hurt herself or others. It proved a wise precaution. When she was first touched to receive color, she thrashed violently in her bed as much as her restraints allowed. Luckily, she quickly calmed down and no one was hurt.
Color all too slowly spread for the next hour, until the zombie woman had full color. Katy kept touching her though, just to be sure. They waited about another five minutes before Katy stopped and stood up.
The colorized woman seemed to know that something had changed and she reacted differently. She went completely rigid and kept her eyes pinched shut. The staff tried a few quiet words of encouragement but the woman flinched at every sound. Everyone, even Jill and Katy, tried various sounds, smells and touches to no avail. After a little over an hour of frustration, the woman's color faded and she relaxed back to her previous state, still without a cure.
One of the staff members, a short woman with salt and pepper hair named Donna, nodded her head towards the nearest door and the two colorful women joined the staff in another room to talk.
"That's a major disappointment," Jill spoke first, once they closed the door to the large room full of patients.
"Yeah," Katy said. "I really thought color could cure everyone."
Donna sadly shook her head. "It seems as though there's a limited window of opportunity for a cure," she said. "If the condition is too advanced, it might just be incurable. I've wondered about that. I've read some studies where doctors tried giving color to patients and they had the same results, but they always tried it on patients who were well past four weeks after their first symptom."
Katy shrugged. "Still. It's better than no cure at all."
The three women nodded agreement and paused a moment in thought, until Donna spoke again. "I don't envy you two. You're going to be very much in demand and very busy curing people."
Jill sighed. "I wish I could help, but I don't have permanent color."
"Oh?" the old woman said. "You've had color for a long time now. I thought it was permanent. I wondered if that was part of the cure."
Jill and Katy looked at each other.
"Hey, Jill. I think she might be right."
They figured out how long Jill should've had color before she faded back to gray and then they checked and saw that Jill passed what should've been her limit about fifteen minutes ago. They waited another fifteen minutes, just to be sure, and she still had color.
Donna sighed. "Like I said before, both of you are going to be very busy curing people. All the rest of the patients here have had synesthesia for more than four weeks. You can try colorizing a few more of them but I think their condition is too advanced. It might be better to find patients who have had it less than four weeks."
Katy nodded. "I have a younger sister who's had it for about two weeks. She's next on my list." She looked at Jill. "And I'd like your help, if that's okay."
Jill smiled. "You got it."
They'd only cured Jill so far, but they had hope and a world full of people to try to cure. Doctors, governments and other people with color would have to be contacted right away too. The race to cure the world had started.

* * *

Jill had to use a hospice phone to give her family the good news about her cure. She'd gotten her mother's contact information from the office since she couldn't remember phone numbers. She had them all programmed into her hyper phone and except for some clothes, the hospice didn't keep anyone's personal items.
Donna, the senior staff member at the hospice, took care of contacting various medical agencies about the possible cure. Contacting everyone excited her at first, but she went through the same emotional roller coaster far more than she liked.
After some initial skepticism, at least some of the doctors sounded hopeful. They agreed to investigate when they realized that they hadn't yet tried to use color to cure someone in the early stages of acute synesthesia.
Doctors immediately started contacting people who had color to begin clinical trials. They had to be careful though. If the news networks caught wind of a possible cure, they could easily start rioting. The general population would go after those with color. Everyone was desperate for a cure.
Large numbers of clinical trials began in less than three hours after hearing from Donna. Patients with synesthesia didn't have time to waste, not if they needed to be cured before their condition became too far advanced. Those patients at various early stages of acute synesthesia readily agreed to be colorized and doctors held their breath while they waited to see the results.

* * *

Jill sat in the front passenger seat of Katy's small car with the window down, trying to take in all of the sights and sounds as they drove. She reveled in the feeling of the wind ruffling her short hair. Her hair had been cut to make it easier to clean by the hospice staff, but it also served as less of a sensory distraction. She couldn't wait to grow it long again.
"I wonder what your special ability is," Katy remarked suddenly.
"Hm?" Jill had been distracted by a large field of tall grass, rippling in the wind just like she imagined her hair was doing.
"You have permanent color now. You should have a special ability."
"Oh, yeah. How does that work?"
Katy shrugged. "It takes some people weeks to figure out the more subtle abilities. Some know right away. I don't suppose you know yours yet."
Jill paused a few seconds and vigorously shook her head. "I've got nothing."
Her new friend smiled. "Well, you've got all the time in the world to figure it out."
"Maybe. Remember what Donna said."
Katy quickly frowned. "Yeah. We're going to be busy curing everyone."
"Assuming we can. I hope we can at least cure your sister."
"Yeah. She's not quite as far along as you were."
Jill turned away to look out the side window. "I really hope my cure wasn't a fluke." 
Both women turned their attention to the road in front of them and silently vowed to continue fighting the plague no matter what, both convinced that color had something to do with the cure.

* * *

Katy and Jill exchanged concerned looks as they drove deeper into the city. The road was increasingly cluttered with abandoned cars and large amounts of litter. They had to greatly slow their pace to avoid all of the obstacles.
"I don't like this," Jill said.
"Yeah," Katy agreed. "We're very close. I think I'll just pull over and park as soon as I can find a somewhat safe looking spot."
"There!" Jill pointed to a short stretch of empty curb and they headed for it.
As they left the car, both women looked back at it.
"Do you think it's safe to park here?" Jill asked.
"Safe enough I think. If someone wants to steal a car, there are plenty of nicer ones around."
They continued on to the apartment building as Katy phoned her mother.
"Hello?" her oldest sister answered their mother's hyper phone.
"Hi, Shelly. I'm here and I'm coming up to see Maggie."
"What, are you stupid? She can barely communicate!"
Katy raised her voice. "I cured someone and I think I can cure Maggie!"
Shelly huffed. "I don't believe you." 
"It's true and I have her here with me. See ya in a few." Katy hung up and hurried to the elevator with a grim look on her face.
An awkward silence hung in the air on the ride in the elevator. Jill didn't understand exactly what was going on with Katy's family but it sounded unpleasant. She reached out to offer her hand to her new friend, who accepted the gesture with a grateful smile.
The two young women left the elevator holding hands with smiles on their faces. They kept their hands clasped the whole time down the hallway and into Maggie's apartment.
Shelly gave a brief, disapproving glance to their hands before she verbally attacked her sister. "I think you should leave, Sis. You don't want to see Maggie anyway, not in her current condition."
Katy sighed. "Shelly? Meet Jill." She nodded her head towards her friend. "This is the woman I cured. And you should know that when I cured her, she was a little farther along than Maggie is now."
Jill gave a timid smile. "Hi, Shelly. Nice to meet you."
The older sister glared back. "You've got color. I thought people with color didn't get the zombie disease."
"I got permanent color when your sister cured me. I guess that's part of the cure."
"So Maggie will get color if she's cured? She'll love that." Shelly rolled her eyes.
Katy smiled again and kept a firm grip on Jill's hand for support. "Getting color is better than being a zombie. We're going to give her color and hopefully cure her. Now please move out of the way."
Shelly stepped to the side with a wry grin. "Knock yourselves out. Or maybe Maggie will knock you out. She can get pretty confused and violent sometimes. It hasn't been easy taking care of her. Fair warning."
The two colorful women passed the difficult older woman and Katy suddenly stopped and turned to look back. "Why don't you help us then?"
"I don't think so."
"You want to see her cured, don't you? Help us. Please?"
"Okay! Fine! I'll help hold her down while you waste your time."
Shelly and other family members had been helping to take care of Maggie but they didn't think about minimizing sensory input. They made too much noise and touched Maggie far too much. It was no wonder that the afflicted young woman lashed out as much as she did.
Katy and Jill split up to gently sit on either side of Maggie near the foot of the bed. Shelly stood near her youngest sister's head and got ready to reach down and hold both of Maggie's upper arms.
As soon as Katy let go of Jill's hand, she looked a little pained and confused. But she seemed to shake it off as she looked down at her ailing sister.
On Shelly's recommendation, Katy and Jill each grabbed one of Maggie's bare ankles. The colorization would take a little longer to complete from her ankles but they had to grab and hold them to keep Maggie from kicking.
Katy's eyes brimmed with tears when she saw the young woman flinch. The flinching stopped very quickly though. Maggie settled down and actually smiled.
Shelly looked confused. "Okay. This is weird. Really weird. She's always thrashed around at least a little whenever I've touched her."
Katy smirked. "Just accept it. Weird is good. Oh, and by the way. If you keep holding her bare arms, you'll eventually start getting color too."
The oldest sister pulled her hands back like they'd been burned. She edged away from the bed. "It looks like you don't need me. I'll go get us something to drink. Your usual water, Katy?"
Her sister nodded.
"What about you, Jill?"
"Water's fine, thanks. This'll take awhile."
Katy and Jill quietly spoke to each other to pass the time, with the topic of conversation always returning to the same thing. They kept talking about a cure for the zombie plague. After they confirmed that they actually had a cure, they discussed how they might go about curing everyone, and the time passed quickly.
When color had seeped up to Maggie's neck and shoulders, it then started down her arms and conversation was forgotten. The two colorful woman watched, spellbound as color slowly spread up to and over the young woman's face.
Jill finally spoke up as soon as color reached Maggie's hairline on her forehead. "You know, I didn't notice how much she looks like you until now."
"Yeah," Katy said quietly.
Color made a big difference in appearance. The sisters always knew there was a family resemblance to one another but the color made the similarities even more apparent, especially when Maggie's hair colorized. Both sisters had the same color hair.
"Okay," Jill said. "Let's keep holding her ankles another ten minutes or so."
"Then what?" Katy wondered aloud.
"Good question. I've been going over my own cure and the only thing that stands out in my mind is that I wasn't cured until I opened my eyes. I know it sounds stupid but that's all I can think of."
"It's not stupid. But how do we get her to open her eyes?"
"Ask her?"
Katy shrugged. "Okay. Here goes nothing." Then she turned to her sister. "Maggie? Can you hear me? You need to open your eyes, Mags. Open your eyes, please."
The young woman didn't move. She just kept smiling with her eyes closed.
Jill looked thoughtful a moment. "You could try prying them open. Very gently of course."
"I don't know about that."
"I'm not letting go until you try it. I don't want to see her fade back to gray and stay a zombie. Please try."
Katy let go of her sister's ankle and slid up the bed to reach the young woman's face. She very gently pressed a thumb just below each eye and an index finger on each eyelid and then widened the distance between her thumb and finger to pry open each eye. "Hi, Maggie," she said.
Her younger sister squeaked and vigorously shook her head free of Katy's fingers. She pinched her eyes shut and actually spoke. "No, Katy. Don't."
Jill cocked her head. "She recognized you. That's encouraging, I think."
"But she still isn't cured."
Both Katy and Jill flinched as Maggie spoke up again. "I hear buzzing," the young woman said, and she opened her eyes on her own as she reached up with one hand to swat at imaginary insects. She didn't spot any of the imagined insects, but she did see her hand. That stopped her from the swatting. Instead, she stared at her hand for several seconds before turning to her sister. "Katy? What's going on? I thought I heard mosquitoes and then I felt all warm and tingly for a bit. Now it's gone."
Katy stared at her sister, not believing her eyes. "Maggie?" she said in a small voice.
"Hey!" Jill interrupted. "I felt warm and tingly when I was cured. I wonder if that's normal when you get permanent color."
Maggie turned to the other woman. "Who are you?"
"Oh! Hi. I'm Jill. Your sister cured me and now it looks like we cured you."
The confused young woman looked back at her hand. "By giving me color?"
Jill smiled. "Permanent color, I believe."
"Weird. This is too weird."
Katy had been staring, listening to her new friend talk with her sister. "Maggie?" she said again, getting her younger sister's attention.
"Katy? Are you okay? You look like you're in shock."
"Maggie! You're back! You're cured!" Katy squealed with delight, causing the other two to cover their ears, though they did laugh in spite of the unpleasant noise.
Shelly raced back when she heard shouts of joy from the bedroom. "What is it? What's going on?" she said as she came rushing in.
Katy intercepted her older sister, embracing the woman and shouting in her ear. "She's back! She's cured!"
"Okay! Okay! You don't have to yell in my ear. Damn!"
The sisters untangled themselves and moved to include Maggie in a group hug.
Jill hung back and watched with a sigh. She was long overdue for her own family hug.

* * *

The three Songstrom sisters piled into Katy's small car along with Jill. The sisters didn't want to be separated any time soon so they all insisted on coming along to take Jill home, assuming she still had one. She tried not to think about putting it up for sale but recent memories started causing her a little unwanted anxiety. At least with the zombie plague, housing sales had slumped. In spite of its prime location in a ritzy neighborhood, there was a very good chance her house hadn't been sold.
As Katy pulled away from the curb, discussions started about exactly how the cure worked. Jill and Maggie compared their experiences and the only thing they could conclude was that the cure involved getting permanent color, but they still didn't understand how they got it. Having temporary color wasn't enough, though they agreed it most likely played a part. Opening their eyes and seeing color also wasn't enough. Maggie opened her eyes to see her sister and then closed them again without being cured.
"Okay," Jill began, again sitting in the front passenger seat. "We both had mixed senses when we opened our eyes. But were you still able to see things normally? I seem to remember being able to see everything normally. My sight wasn't mixed up. Only everything else was."
"Yeah," Maggie added, pushing her glasses higher up the bridge of her nose. "I recognized Katy right away. My vision isn't very good without my glasses but she was close enough to recognize. That and her color made it easy." She paused a moment to think. "I wonder if it has something to do with the mosquitoes I thought I heard. When I opened my eyes, I didn't see them. Could that have done it? I got warm and tingly soon after that."
"I don't know. I don't remember looking for anything noisy that wasn't there. I seem to remember a smell, vanilla I think, and it felt like my hair was blowing in the wind." Jill shrugged. "Maybe you just have to keep your eyes open long enough and it kicks in automatically. That might explain why color never worked before. I bet no one thought to force anyone's eyes open long enough."
"Or maybe you just have to notice that something you think is there doesn't actually exist," Maggie suggested. Then she sighed. "That sounds stupid."
"It's not stupid," Katy told her. "You heard mosquitoes and saw that they weren't there. Jill smelled vanilla and felt her hair blowing and then saw there was no vanilla or wind. It's just as plausible as anything else."
After exhausting all ideas about the cure, the car full of women drove along in silence. The two recently cured women were too busy filling their eyes and ears with everything that they'd been missing. Shelly was too busy brooding as usual and Katy was too busy driving. The obstacles in the road made driving a bit of a challenge, but things got worse when the road cleared up.
Katy never saw the speeding car that clipped the back passenger side of her car, causing it to spin and jump sideways up over a curb. The front axle broke, leaving the car unable to be driven. The car that hit her kept going, leaving the four women stranded.
"Damn!" Shelly shouted after they came to a sudden stop. "Is everyone okay?"
"You don't have to yell," Maggie said. "We can all hear fine."
They all confirmed that they weren't hurt, but they were still very far from Jill's house, and nearly as far from Maggie's apartment. They started discussing what to do.
"Mom's at work," Shelly said. "You know we can't call her at work."
Katy sighed. "Yeah. And Dad's away on an emergency business trip. What about Chris and Steve?" she asked about their brothers.
"They're idiots. You know that. They haven't been helping much with Maggie other than to bring groceries whenever they feel like it, which isn't very often. It's just been Mom and me taking turns for the past couple of weeks."
Jill sighed. "I don't have my hyper phone and I can't remember any of my family's phone numbers. They're all programmed into my phone. It's just as well though. I'm sure they're all busy with work too."
"Taxi? Bus?" Maggie suggested.
Shelly snorted. "Good luck with that," she said.
Public transport had been discontinued to save money for new hospices and save on fuel. Gas was becoming increasingly scarce and much more expensive. That pretty much killed taxi services too, but Maggie and Jill didn't know that. They'd been incapacitated while it had been happening.
Jill spoke up again. "Worthless phones. I guess that only leaves walking."
"I don't like the idea of you walking home alone," Katy told her.
"Especially since she has color," Shelly added. She didn't have to explain the implications. Fear and hatred of color had never been worse.
"We could walk her home and walk back together," Maggie suggested.
Jill laughed. "I'm sure someone in my family could give you a ride home if you didn't mind waiting for someone to get off work. You wouldn't have to walk."
"It's decided then," Katy said. "We'll walk you home. It's a nice day. I'm sure the exercise won't hurt us."
Shelly rolled her eyes. "It's probably safer than driving."
The women started walking at a leisurely pace. They kept quiet, watching and listening for any speeding cars. They wouldn't be surprised again, at least not by traffic. There were other surprises though. Before they could walk more than a few blocks, they began hearing what sounded like a large, angry crowd. It seemed to be coming from a nearby side street and it gave everyone a bad feeling.
"I think we should consider speeding up," Jill said.
Maggie looked a little frightened. "Yeah. It sounds like a mob is headed our way."
They increased their walking pace, but it wasn't long before an angry crowd had reached the main road and stayed on it, walking in the same direction as the four women.
"Hey!" a middle-aged man shouted. "Look! They have color! Let's get 'em!"
Shelly shook her head. "Shit," she said. "Time to run."
They ran, and since they all wore sensible footwear, they were able to maintain a faster pace to outdistance the mostly older crowd for a short time. They couldn't keep it up though. None of them were used to running. That went double for Maggie and Jill, who'd been mostly bedridden for the past week or so. The only exercise they'd gotten was a short walk to the bathroom with help from their caregivers.
"Hide?" Maggie huffed.
"Hide!" Katy agreed.
"Where?" they all asked together.
They slowed to a walk and looked back to see the crowd still pursuing them. They'd soon lose all of the distance that they'd gained.
Ever the practical one, Shelly offered a different suggestion. "Fuck this! Start looking for cars with keys. They can't catch us if we can drive."
They scanned parked vehicles as they jogged away from the crowd. Katy and Shelly both found a car with its door unlocked and keys in the ignition, but their triumph was short-lived. Both cars were out of gas and so were the women.
They stopped even trying to jog and instead looked for a place to better defend themselves. They couldn't protect themselves against a mob out in the open and locking themselves in a car wouldn't be much better. Any vehicle would likely be rolled over and have its windows smashed.
They'd secretly hoped that the crowd would eventually lose interest in them if they kept going long enough. Many in the crowd did drop off, but all too many were determined to catch them. The crowd had degenerated into an angry mob that wanted a scapegoat for the zombie plague.
"Bastards!" Shelly spat. "I wish I had a big truck right now. I'd mow 'em all down."
The women continued to walk as fast as they could and a few of the people in the mob raced ahead, looking to catch up to the women and compete for first kill. Just when Shelly considered throwing a rock through a window to break into a building, the group heard a honking horn, very faint at first and quickly getting louder.
"What the hell?" Shelly said, seeing a white van weaving through the thinned out leading edge of the mob, bumping a few individuals as it went by. "They want to run us down now?"
"No!" Jill shouted. "I think the driver is trying to help."
"Would you bet your life on it, Wonder Girl?"
"I don't think we have a choice."
"It's gonna be close, you guys," Katy said. "Assuming the driver is coming to our rescue, we won't have much time to get in the van before the mob catches up."
"So then?" Maggie said, a big grin on her face. "Let's run!"
Jill could relate. Even with the possibility of death at the hands of a crazed mob, she never felt more alive. She grinned too, and immediately took off running. They'd slowed down long enough for everyone to get enough rest for a last burst. Every inch they gained on the mob made it more likely they could get into the van unscathed.
The Songstrom sisters followed Jill's lead and soon caught up to her, their bodies boosted by adrenalin.
The honking continued and the driver sped up and took out a couple more of the meaner looking men, slowly tweaking the odds in favor of the women who ran for their lives. The young man behind the wheel grinned too. He drove like he was playing a video game, and when he caught up to the women, he slowed and reached over to unlock the passenger side door. "Get in!" he yelled.
Katy reached the door first. She opened it and jumped onto the van's running board, holding the door open against the wind. Maggie reached the van second and was helped aboard by her sister. Jill jumped on next, followed by Shelly. They stuffed themselves into the back and Katy climbed all the way inside, slamming the door shut behind her. "Go!" she screamed.
They all heard a fist pound once on the back door and then nothing but the engine roaring to life as the van easily outpaced the mob.
Shelly gasped for breath and weakly held up her middle finger in the direction of the mob. No one in the mob could see it but it made her smile.
Katy was emotionally exhausted. Her empathic ability had stressed her out more than the physical exertion of running for her life. She'd been feeling everyone's anxiety as well as her own and she closed her eyes with relief.
The running had physically exhausted Maggie and Jill. They closed their eyes and wanted nothing more than to take a shower and sleep for a day.
They all still had to get home, but they'd live, and they had some introductions to make and some thanking to do. Shelly actually started since she was in the best shape. She crawled past Katy to get up front and talk to the driver.
"Hey. Thanks, man. I'm Shelly." She pointed back at Katy. "That's my sister, Katy. The other two are Maggie and Jill."
"Cool! I'm Max. Lucky for you I was passing by, huh?"
"I don't feel lucky," the eldest Songstrom sister said. "Our car was hit by another car and we had to walk. Then we were nearly mobbed to death and had to run for our lives. Not cool. Not cool at all."
Max frowned. "Oh. Sorry. Poor choice of words."
"'s okay, man. Really. You really saved our sorry asses. I'm grateful."
Katy nodded agreement but didn't say anything. They didn't hear a peep from Maggie or Jill.
Max's face brightened, and his generous nature returned. "I've got a couple bottles of water somewhere in the back that I'm sure you four could use more than me. Help yourselves."
Shelly looked back and saw Katy already gulping from one of the water bottles. The colorful woman drained half the bottle and gave the remainder to her older sister. She soon found the second bottle and handed it back for Maggie and Jill to share.
The young man smiled when he looked back to see everyone drinking. "Love the color," he said.
The three colorful women gave him faint smiles. Shelly just rolled her eyes.
"Hey," he said. "I have a delivery to make if that's okay. It's in the same direction you were headed. If it's before where you live, I'd like to make the delivery first before I take you home. It's important."
"What are you delivering?" Shelly asked.
"Medical supplies," he said carefully, adding more when he realized that his passengers wouldn't be a threat. "They're experimental drugs to try to cure the zombie plague."
"Seriously?" the eldest Songstrom sister said. "Have we got news for you."

* * *

Max couldn't believe his ears after hearing about not one but two cures. He lost himself in thought after that, leaving conversation to his colorful passengers. Katy sat in the front passenger seat, with Shelly hunched in the middle just behind the front seats. Maggie and Jill sat huddled next to each other behind Shelly.
The three colorful women did a little mobbing of their own during the ride. They mobbed Shelly, giving her color. With all three of them touching her, it didn't take long. She protested but soon gave up, being too tired to try stopping them. All she could do was roll her eyes, and when they kept their hands on her to give her longer lasting color, she just sighed.
Max stopped early to make his drug delivery without incident. Many of the hospices and medical centers were getting better police protection after far too many fires. As he got back in the van, he looked over his passengers and laughed. "You four sure seem to be in a good mood, after… you know." He stopped, leaving an awkward silence.
Katy saved him with a warm smile. "We're alive and we have a cure. We've also all got color!" She laughed at Shelly's sour expression. "Honestly, Sis. You are such a grump sometimes."
Max spoke again in a quiet voice. "Yeah. About that cure. Maybe we should stay here a while. There's a lot of people needing a cure here." His words changed the mood as everyone thought about it.
Jill spoke up first. "Can we get some more water here? And maybe a little to eat?"
"Um, yeah," he said. "Pretty sure you can."
"Then I'm in. Ladies?"
"Can I just stay in the van?" Shelly asked. "Please?" She looked at her colorful hands and sighed. "This is too weird."
"No way, Shell," Maggie said. "You're my special project."
"Special project?"
"Yep! You and me are gonna be together a lot in the near future." The younger sister grabbed her oldest sister's hand. "You're going to have color for quite some time so you better get used to it."
Katy smirked at Shelly. "Come on. I thought we'd divide into two pairs, with you and Maggie and me and Jill. Jill and I will be able touch more places on a body to speed up the spread of color, but Maggie will need more time since you can't give anyone color. She could use some moral support."
The oldest Songstrom sister looked a little upset but she wasn't one to back down from a challenge. The world needed help and she'd do whatever she could.

* * *

"That was disappointing," Katy said as the group returned to the van over three hours later.
Jill nodded agreement. "And exhausting. They didn't have very many people in the early stages of the disease. Made things kind of difficult."
"Impossible, you mean," Shelly added, still colorful and still holding hands with her youngest sister. The pair of them hadn't been able to cure anyone, and they couldn't touch any of the patients without a staff member to restrain them.
Katy and Jill had good initial success. They tried the most recently afflicted patients first and cured all five of them, and since the other two women had trouble, they all teamed up. The three with permanent color could give a patient color in only about twenty minutes.
Their optimism peaked with their sixth patient who'd caught the affliction just over three weeks ago. He opened his eyes and blankly stared into space until Maggie moved in close to him so he could focus on her colorful face more easily. They stared into each other's eyes for a dozen or so seconds, and just as she gave up and was about to back away, he suddenly started talking and surprised Maggie. He started to bore the women with his endless prattling and the four women quickly moved on to the next patient. Then they hit a wall. They still didn't know exactly how the cure worked and they finally gave up after trying and failing to cure seven of the remaining patients, all of whom had fully developed acute synesthesia. The patients didn't want to keep their eyes open, and even when one of them kept his eyes open for a little over three minutes, they couldn't cure him. It looked hopeless for the long-term cases. All they really had was a partial cure.
The strangest part of the cure attempts was how the patients all smiled whenever Katy and Jill were touching them. They secretly experimented when none of the staff members were watching and narrowed down the effect to Jill. Only Jill seemed to be able to keep the patients mellow, and only while she touched them.
Katy had cocked her head when they'd figured it out. "It looks like we're close to finding your special ability," she'd whispered to Jill.
Back in the van, Max shook his head. "We're missing something. We gotta be." He'd been keeping out of the way but watching closely, trying to help figure out how the cure worked.
Jill prompted him. "What do you mean?"
"I've been studying color and this zombie plague. It's sort of a hobby of mine. And I don't understand how everyone you cured got permanent color. All but one of them were way too old to get color."
She nodded. "Yeah. I'm a little old to have gotten color. But look at me now."
"I guess," he said. "But color is supposed to be rare. I don't get it."
Katy spoke up. "He's got a point. Three of us here have color, and six more in the hospice got it. Before today, I was the only one with color in a hundred mile radius."
Shelly snorted. "Maybe we should leave it to the doctors. Let them sort it out. I'm tired and I just want to go home."
The others agreed and Max drove on to his next stop. He'd take Jill to her house and continue back to drop off the Songstrom sisters. They'd had enough thinking and action for one day. The cure didn't make sense.

* * *

Jill thanked everyone as she climbed out the back of the van. Max slammed the door and climbed back inside, slowly driving away from Jill's house.
The young woman turned and the first thing she saw in the fading light of day was the large "For Sale" sign in front of her house. She marched over to it and removed all of the flyers, wadding them up and throwing them onto her lawn. That didn't satisfy her though. She tried pushing over the sign and failing that, she gave it a good kick. The sign didn't budge but she felt good enough to turn her back on it and go up to the front door. That was when everything caught up to her. She still had her house, and her senses were back to normal, but the journey nearly killed her.
She reached for her house keys and realized that she didn't have them. She didn't have a purse, a phone or anything other than the colorful clothes that she wore. Her mother's car was parked in the driveway and her own car was parked nearby on the street but that didn't matter. She couldn't bring herself to try opening the door. If it was locked, she didn't know what she'd do because there was no way that she'd knock on her own front door. Instead, she turned around and fell back back against the door, crying her eyes out.
The sound of her thumping against the door alerted her family to her presence. Jill's brother, Matt, opened the door and she fell back against him. He held her and picked her up, cradling her in his arms as she continued to cry. With his arms full, he kicked the door shut and stood in the entry way, holding his beloved younger sister. He didn't think to move to the living room. The large man simply stood there with a vacant look in his eyes and a faint smile.
The parents were both there. Her mother had passed on her message about her being cured and all of the family members went to her house as soon as they could to wait for her. They'd been off work for a long time but they'd ordered dinner to be delivered. They happily waited for the baby of the family to show up.
Jill's mother gently pulled on Matt's tee shirt to lead him to the living room and had him lower Jill onto the couch. Then they waited for her to cry herself out.
Matt's bare arms had come into contact with Jill's bare legs. She'd also wrapped her arms around his neck, slowly giving his neck and arms color. He absently rubbed at the patches of color on his skin while he waited for his sister to recover.
Time passed slowly until Jill stopped crying and dried her eyes. She blinked a few times until her vision cleared and she saw her family looking at her with love and a little curiosity about her color. She smiled and they all converged for a much needed group hug.
Even the men got a little teary eyed, but the women didn't tease them about it. The tears were well justified.
Jill and her parents eventually settled back onto the couch with Matt in the one matching chair, all of them looking at each other with goofy grins on their faces, enjoying a moment of silence.
Jill's mother, Kelly, spoke up first, looking at her daughter with her eyes threatening tears. "I can't believe it. I can't believe you're cured. I'd almost…."
"Don't say it, Mother. Please. I'm here now."
Matt cleared his throat. "But what about all the other zombies?"
His mother snarled at him. "Don't call them that! Your sister was never a zombie!"
He looked at his feet. "Sorry. I just wondered if they can be cured now."
"I hope so, Son," Dan said. "Things are getting pretty bad out there. Everyone's feeling the strain at work." He turned to his daughter. "What about it, Jill? You were cured. Is there hope for the others?"
The young woman took a deep breath and gave a shuddering sigh. "I really don't know. Katy, the woman who gave me color and cured me has a younger sister who had it and we cured her. We're not exactly sure how we're doing it though."
"What do you mean?" her father asked.
"Katy and I ended up at a hospice with her two sisters on the way here. We tried to cure everyone but we only ended up curing the people who'd recently gotten synesthesia. Oh! There was one guy who'd had it for about as long as I did and we cured him. The others seemed too far gone." She purposely didn't tell them what happened just prior to their hospice visit for fear of upsetting them.
"So how did you cure some of them?"
"As far as I can tell, the only two common factors are giving them color and getting them to open their eyes. But it doesn't always work."
"Odd," he said, giving her a good, long look. "Is the color permanent? I notice you still have it."
"Apparently so. Permanent color seems to be a side effect of the cure. But I and most of the others are well past the age where people normally get color. It doesn't make sense."
"Curiouser and curiouser," her father muttered.
After that, the family lapsed into an awkward silence that lasted until the windows suddenly started rattling.
"What's that noise?" Kelly asked.
Dan cocked his head a moment. "It sounds like a military helicopter."
The approaching helicopter made the newly reunited family nervous, and for good reason. The family drifted towards the large front window and watched as a dark silhouette grew larger against the waning light of the sky. All eyes in the neighborhood were on it as it flew towards them from the west and set down on the wide street out in front of Jill's house. Even before the landing skids touched the pavement, several men dressed all in black with black sunglasses rushed out of it, heading towards Jill's house. They kicked the front door off its hinges and soon stood looming over the family, who cowered in their seats.
A tall, well-built man looked down at the colorful young woman. "Jill Wixley," he said, his voice sounding somewhat like the rumble of distant thunder. "You're to come with us, ma'am."
The young woman gasped, but her usual pluck got her through the shock. "Why?" she asked.
"Kind of obvious, ma'am. Your country needs you."
"What if I don't want to go? What about my family?"
Just then, the squealing of tires announced the arrival of two black vans.
The tall man smirked. "I believe that's their ride," he said, nodding at her family. "But you, ma'am, get the VIP treatment. You're going in the helicopter."
"This is crazy!" she shouted as she sprung up off the couch to confront the man.
"No, ma'am. Just orders." He turned and gestured with an arm to show Jill that it was time to go. "Don't worry," he added. "Your family will be looked after. They might be in danger so we thought it best to offer them protection."
Jill shook her head as she walked past the front door, which leaned crookedly against the wall in the entry way. She ignored the door and meekly went outside in the direction of the helicopter, which still had its blades rotating fast enough to kick up a strong wind. She needed the support of the tall man to reach the helicopter but she refused help to get inside the craft.
As she reached up to pull herself into the helicopter, she heard shouting and turned to see several of her neighbors running towards her.
"Jill?" An older woman shouted, barely heard above the sound of the helicopter. "It is you, isn't it! You're cured! Please! If you can, you've got to cure my husband!"
"My wife has it too!" a middle-aged man screamed as he caught up. He looked angry. "You've got to cure her!" he insisted.
"Stay back!" the tall man in black commanded. He intimidated the neighbors well enough to give Jill time to safely get inside the helicopter. She hopped up and sat on the far side of a bench seat, absently watching through the window as other men in black ushered her family inside one of the two vans. Someone strapped her in and the helicopter lifted off, quickly turning and heading back in the direction from which it came. She soon lost sight of the vans and her desperate neighbors.
The tall man sat next to her and spoke loudly in her ear. "Sorry about your front door, ma'am. I'll see that it gets fixed."
She said her thanks too quietly for the man to hear. He read her lips though and gave her a sharp nod in return.

* * *

By the end of the first day of clinical trials, the results didn't look good. Color had only cured a very small percentage of acute synesthesia patients, all of whom were within a few days of getting their affliction. No one had nearly the success rate that Jill Wixley and Katy Songstrom did.
Doctors fussed and bounced ideas of one another to no avail. Something didn't make sense though. Those few who were cured all gained permanent color, but the youngest person they'd cured was in their late twenties. Up to that point, people with color generally developed it in their teens, and only one woman had developed color as late as her early twenties. They were definitely missing something.
The total number of cases of acute synesthesia had ballooned to a few hundred million and governments of the world grew more desperate with each passing day. They worked furiously on a cure and threw every resource they could at the problem with very little to show for it.
When the United States government caught wind of Jill's cure and the hospice where Katy and Jill later cured several patients, the two colorful women quickly gained the attention of some very powerful government officials. The two women seemed to be the world's only hope, and they were unofficially drafted.
It took less than half a day for Jill to be whisked away to a government laboratory after she was cured, and as the helicopter she rode in touched down on the roof of a five story, well-lit building, she could see a wide, concrete barricade surrounding the building. Flood lights showed that the barricade was topped by razor wire and guarded by soldiers carrying assault rifles.
After a short but intense debriefing in a room on the top floor of the building, the tall man who sat next to her on the helicopter escorted her to an elevator, where they descended more levels than the building had visible floors. They'd gone underground for more protection, and when the elevator doors opened, Jill was practically mobbed by a large group of excited doctors. Her tall escort had to continue his job of protecting her. He took off his sunglasses and stepped in front of her to confront the doctors.
"Control yourselves," the tall man told them as he calmly tucked his sunglasses in a pouch that hung from his belt. "Or I'll do it for you."
"A bodyguard!" the only woman doctor in the group spoke up from the back. "Good! It looks like she needs one."
"Finally," Jill said. "A calm voice of reason. Please let whoever said that through to the front, gentlemen."
"I'm in charge here, young lady," said an older man. He didn't introduce himself but he wore a name tag that identified him as Doctor Whipple.
"Well, Doc, it's still a free country," Jill said. She took a brief moment to look up at her tall escort who nodded agreement so she turned back to continue. "I'm in charge of my own body and I want to work with a woman doctor. Now let her come up to the front."
The woman had to forcefully push past a few men but she soon made it to stand in front of Jill. The woman stood about six inches taller than the colorful woman. She had short, light gray hair, glasses, and a white coat, making her look very much like all of the other doctors. It was only her warm smile, her twinkling eyes, and of course her gender that set her apart from her male colleagues. Jill liked the woman immediately.
"Hello, Jill," the woman said, holding out her hand. "It's very nice to meet you. I'm Doctor Jackson but you can call me Jackie."
The colorful young woman shook the doctor's hand and then the pair of them turned to walk deeper into the underground laboratory with Jill's escort right behind. The rest of the men followed, muttering under their breath.

* * *

As they walked, Jill talked about what she found out at the hospice where she cured several patients. She admitted that it was only her special ability that seemed to make it easier to cure the afflicted. She didn't want Katy and her sisters to be stuck in the lab with her.
"Too late," Jackie told her. "They're already on their way."
"What? All of them? Shelly doesn't even have permanent color."
Doctor Jackson nodded as the group filed into a large white room.
Jill's escort found himself a chair and carried it to the nearest wall, where he sat down to watch. The doctors had some initial tests to run before they could call it a night. Time was too precious to waste. They gathered in the large laboratory room to set up equipment and prepare for a long evening of work. With plenty of test subjects and virtually limitless funds from the government, the team of doctors could easily keep busy for the rest of their lives.
For their first test, they had Jill sit in a chair and give color to one of the young women test subjects, who was lying on a small bed with wheels. They measured the woman's brain waves and vital statistics while Jill touched her. What they found amazed them until Jackie pointed out an important fact to her colleagues.
"Jill wasn't sure about her special ability but I'm fairly certain we just identified it. By touching someone, she can create an extremely strong calming effect in them. I think if we're careful, we can recreate the effect with a mix of three or four drugs."
Doctor Whipple bent over the monitors to give them a close look, and after careful consideration, agreed with Doctor Jackson's assessment. "This could be important but we'll need more tests."
"We don't have time for a lot of tests," Jackie reminded him. "It's obvious that the subjects react with panic in a lot of the cases. Jill's special ability cancels out the panic to give color a chance to cure the affliction."
"Jill might be your patient, for the moment, but this is my lab and I insist on following the scientific method."
"Even if civilization collapses while we wait for you to finish?"
Doctor Whipple ignored her and stubbornly ordered his fellow doctors to start a long series of tests. He wanted to find a cocktail of drugs that would recreate the effect that Jill had on people when she touched them and he wouldn't stop until he explored every combination.
"Idiot," Jackie muttered after Doctor Whipple left the room. "He'll doom us all if we let him."
Jill gave the doctor a faint smile. "Then we won't let him."

* * *

Doctor Jackson had to run a few more tests on the newly colorized test subject before she'd give up for the night. "We really need to make some progress," she told Jill. "Even if we found a cure tonight, it'll take the world months to recover from this disaster."
While still sitting in a chair, the colorful, young woman nodded agreement and kept her hands on the test subject's arm to maintain the color and her calming effect. "I feel guilty though," she said.
"Oh? Why is that?"
"I could be out curing a lot of people who've just caught the zombie disease, but instead, I'm stuck in this lab."
Jackie wagged a finger at the young woman. "Please don't call it the zombie disease. It's acute synesthesia. The word zombie has so many negative connotations, not to mention it's just plain inaccurate."
Jill sighed. "You sound like my mother."
"She must be a wise woman. I like her already."
Both women smiled and the doctor added, "You shouldn't feel guilty. This is extremely important work. We need to cure everyone, not just the newly afflicted, and I think we might be more likely to discover exactly how the cure works if we can cure someone like…." She paused to look at the woman's chart. "Winona, here."
Jill looked puzzled and Doctor Jackson continued.
"Since Winona is a fully developed case, she might be more focused on what she sees so we can narrow down the possibilities on what cures her. I read your debriefing report and it sounded like there were too many distractions for the people you cured. Too many confounding factors."
"Yeah. I really thought seeing color would cure everyone but when the patients saw me or Katy, they still weren't cured. Those who were eventually cured mentioned all sorts of sounds, smells and tastes adding to what they saw before they were cured. I smelled vanilla and felt the wind blowing my hair and Katy's younger sister, Maggie, said she heard mosquitoes of all things."
The doctor cocked her head. "But didn't you say that one patient looked at Maggie and was cured?"
Jill cocked her head. "Yeah. That's right. That was really strange. Maggie got really close to the man's face and they stared at each other. It made me kind of nervous. I was afraid he might lash out at her but instead, he suddenly started talking and we realized he was cured."
"I wish I knew what we're missing," the doctor said to herself out loud.
Both women shrugged and the doctor continued her work. 
Test subject Winona had fully developed acute synesthesia so she wasn't easy to work with. The doctor pulled up a chair to sit next to the bed opposite Jill and she managed to get Winona's eyes to open by gently tapping on her eyelids. With her eyes open, the woman actually moved her eyes as if she was looking around. Then she turned her head slightly towards Jill and immediately pinched her eyes shut. More tapping of the woman's eyelids got her to open her eyes again after a couple of minutes and Doctor Jackson gently nudged Winona's head away from Jill, getting the afflicted woman to look at the gray doctor instead.
"Help me, doctor," the woman whispered. Then she pinched her eyes shut again.
The doctor removed her glasses and rubbed the bridge of her nose. "I think I've had enough for tonight. What about you, Jill?"
"Yes, but I think I'd like to stay and keep touching Winona so her color lasts longer, just in case it might help."
"Okay. Just be sure to get a good night's sleep tonight. We're going to be working hard all day tomorrow and however many days it takes beyond that. I'll see you first thing tomorrow morning."  The doctor got up to leave.
"Right. Good night, Jackie."
"Good night, Jill."
Doctor Jackson checked in with her colleagues and then retired for the night.

* * *

Before Jill left Winona's side, she found herself reunited with the three Songstrom sisters. They all had color and they'd all been drafted, just as Doctor Jackson mentioned. They showed up in the lab looking a little frazzled. Each of them had their own man in black escort and they were joined by a small group of doctors that included Doctor Whipple, who looked far too smug for Jill's taste. She ignored him.
"Shelly? You've still got color?" Jill asked, standing up and stretching.
The oldest Songstrom sister shrugged, still holding hands with her youngest sister. "Maggie won't let go of me. She doesn't want me to be a zombie so she keeps me colorful."
"But we don't know if temporary color is good enough to prevent it."
Doctor Whipple waved his arms to interrupt. "We don't have actual proof that permanent color can prevent it either. We also don't know for sure that Jill's cure is permanent and we don't know the underlying cause. Until we know the exact cause of this affliction, we have to be very careful."
Shelly immediately went on the offensive. "You old quacks are all the same. Gotta prove everything to the nth degree with zillions of tests. What a bunch of bullshit. It's obvious that permanent color prevents the disease, just as it's obvious that color triggers it."
Doctor Whipple huffed and tried to speak but the irritated woman cut him off.
"I don't want to hear it. Save it for your half-dead patients who can't crawl away from you. Color is definitely part of the equation and if we're going to have any chance at curing everyone before civilization collapses, we need to work from the hypothesis that color is both part of the cause and part of the cure. Don't waste time trying to come up with experiments to prove it."
"Here now, young lady. I'm the professional here. You're just a colorful freak of nature."
That did it. Shelly gave the doctor a hard, straight punch to the face and he dropped to the floor, unconscious.
"Always wanted to do that to a quack," she said with a faint smile.
Jill shook her head. "I guess he had it coming but damn, girl. That was harsh."
The other doctors in the area all paled and turned away, pretending to be very interested with whatever lab equipment happened to be closest to them.
"Whatever," Shelly said. "He's a wimp. He needs to lift weights or something."
Jill sighed and changed the subject. "Sorry you guys got dragged here. I told them about my special ability and how it seems to help with the cure but I was too late."
"'s alright," Shelly told her. "The wimpy doctor, here, said he wanted us to help you colorize people faster. Not his exact words but you get the gist."
"I guess that makes sense. I could use the help, but the idea is kind of surprising coming from him. He's been a bit of a…."
"Moron? Asshole? Dick wad?"
"I believe shortsighted fool is a better description."
Maggie moved closer and added, "It doesn't matter, Jill. We work well together. We're a team. Right?"
They all smiled at each other.
"Excuse me," Jill's escort said, startling the women. He nodded to Maggie's escort and the two men stood on either side of the unconscious doctor. They lifted the man between them and each ducked under an arm. Then they carried the doctor away for some medical attention.
"There he goes," Maggie said dreamily. "So tall, dark, and handsome. I wish I knew his name."
"They don't give names," Jill said. "Their identities are probably top secret. I'm surprised they let us see their faces without sunglasses."
"Don't give 'em any ideas," Shelly warned. "If they told us their names, they'd probably have to kill us." Her escort chuckled.
Maggie sighed. "I'm happy they took off their sunglasses," she said.
The four colorful women stood talking until the two missing escorts returned. The men reminded the women that they'd be needing a good night's rest, and they soon led the women to their sleeping quarters. The men mentioned that they'd be standing guard, leaving the women to wonder if the same men would be outside their doors all night.
After getting the men to help move an extra bed into her room, Maggie dragged Shelly into her room so she could maintain her sister's color. The other two women retired to their own separate rooms, to sleep and dream of curing the world and possibly gaining some form of gratitude from the men outside their doors.

* * *

Of course news about Jill Wixley and her special ability was impossible to contain. The general population didn't know but plenty of high-level government officials knew, and they tried to keep the number of informed individuals to a minimum. They needed to figure out a more reliable way to cure everyone that didn't depend on one person. One person couldn't hope to cure everyone, and until they could figure out how Jill was curing people, they had to try to protect her. Unfortunately, news of the cure leaked out beyond the border in spite of the military's best efforts. The United States wasn't the only country who knew about Jill.
In the wee hours of the morning, by the dawn's early light, a small but determined special force of mixed nationalities approached the government laboratory. Most of the group hid themselves beyond the barricade around the back of the building while they waited for one man to walk to the sole opening in the barricade towards the front.
"Hold! Identify yourself!" a soldier shouted when he spotted the man.
The man was obviously suspicious, being dressed all in black body armor with a shiny black helmet. He didn't stop, making him all the more suspicious, and when he got uncomfortably close, several soldiers appeared from all directions. As soon as most of them got within about thirty feet, the man struck.
The soldiers suddenly froze as if they were all paralyzed and the man moved forward a little to better center himself within the captive group.
Several more soldiers showed up and were just as quickly snared by the colorful man's special ability, leaving him free to speak into his helmet microphone. "Blue Spider to Gray Leader," the man said with a thick Romanian accent. "Entrance secure. Time to open back door."
"Acknowledged," Gray Leader said with an aristocratic English accent. He was a stocky man dressed in black body armor, but unlike Blue Spider, he didn't wear a helmet. Helmets were only worn by the colorful specialists for added protection. To communicate with his man out front, he wore an ear piece and throat mic.
The leader of the group gestured to his demolition expert, a short, slender man who immediately went into action while most of the rest of the group aimed their assault rifles on the building to cover him. The short man sprinted out to the concrete barricade and quickly but carefully placed several shaped explosive charges on and against the barricade. He returned to the group, smiled a crooked smile and pressed the button on a remote detonator that he pulled out of a vest pocket.
A large explosion behind the building immediately shook the ground and left a gaping hole in the barricade, allowing the group to advance. Two soldiers flew out the back door of the laboratory and a woman from the invading group took over. Like the man out front, the woman wore all black body armor with a shiny black helmet, and she had her own powerful special ability. The two soldiers who ran at them both stumbled and fell to the ground, fast asleep, leaving the back entrance unguarded. Most of the soldiers in the building still focused on the front entrance, trying to figure out what was happening there.
The foreign militant group entered the building and made their way to the elevators, leaving a trail of sleeping soldiers with plastic zip tie handcuffs binding their wrists behind their backs. The group came prepared.

* * *

The men who guarded the colorful women still stood at attention just outside the rooms of the women when they felt the ground tremble. Their instincts kicked in and they quickly entered the rooms of the women to wake them. When they had the women awake enough they generously gave them one minute to dress and leave the room or they'd come in and get them.
Thanks to her special empathy, Katy cringed at the intensity of the man who woke her, but she made it out in time to join the others and run for the main lab where they'd first met Jill. They meant to move beyond the room to an area that was more defensible. They didn't all quite make it.
Several of the doctors including Doctor Jackson slowed them down with questions and more than a little apprehension. The frustrated men pushed through the group and half dragged the colorful women after them.
"What about Winona?" Doctor Jackson shouted over the others.
"Who?" Jill's escort shot back.
The concerned doctor pointed and slowly moved towards the woman named Winona, who was still lying in a hospital bed in the room and still had color thanks to the several hours that Jill held her hand.
Jill followed after the doctor with her escort reluctantly trailing her.
"Get them to the vault!" the tall man ordered his fellow men. "We'll follow when we can!"
"But…." Katy's escort tried to speak and was interrupted.
"I know! Just get them out of here!"
Jill sat on the edge of Winona's bed and held her hand, using her special ability to keep her calm while Doctor Jackson checked her vitals.
"Her condition seems unchanged," the doctor said. "I don't think long-term color is the answer."
"That's what you wanted to check?" the man asked, incredulous. "I thought you might finally have a cure and you've still got nothing?"
Jill reached out with her free hand to grab the man's hand. He didn't react fast enough and immediately fell under the influence of Jill's special ability.
"Please sit on the floor at my feet," she told him and he did as she asked. "And don't shoot anyone."
The man gave her a goofy smile and vigorously nodded like an eager three-year-old.
Jill turned to the doctor, still holding hands with Winona and her escort. "What next?"
The woman shrugged and stood in thought a moment, an idea finally occurring to her just as the foreign special forces team entered the room.
The man stayed sitting on the floor and continued smiling, even as he saw three men aim their guns at him.
Jill frowned but didn't say anything.
Doctor Jackson sighed and sat on the bed opposite Jill. "If you're here for a cure," she said to the invaders, "we don't have it."
"You've got Jill Wixley," Gray Leader said, recognizing the colorful woman sitting on the bed. "She's better than nothing and she's coming with us."
"You don't need her. We figured out her special ability and we're sure we can mimic its effect with a mix of drugs. Her ability calms the afflicted and gives color a better chance to cure them."
Gray Leader looked at the tough, smiling man sitting on the floor and shook his head. He saw that Jill held his hand and realized the truth of what the doctor was telling him. Just to be sure though, he nodded at two of his men, who moved forward and disarmed Jill's bodyguard.
The large man didn't resist and in fact helped them. He made sure to give them his knife as well as his gun with his free hand.
Gray Leader shook his head again and looked back at the doctor. "That's it?" he asked her. "That's all the progress you've made?"
"I'm afraid so. We still don't know how color cures acute synesthesia. We haven't cured enough patients to tell, but if you wait, I have one more thing to try before we start an exhaustive series of tests."
"I don't exactly have a lot of time here," he told her.
Doctor Jackson frowned at him. "Just be patient. It won't take long."
The doctor turned her attention to Winona and gently tapped the woman's eyelids, and when the afflicted woman didn't stir, she pried open the woman's eyes. "She appears to be asleep," the doctor said for everyone's benefit. "Winona? Wake up, Winona."
The patient quietly moaned and slowly looked around before her eyes focused on the doctor's face.
"Hello, dear. I hope you can understand me. I'm going to move closer and I want you to stare into my eyes. Please don't be alarmed."
The woman couldn't properly hear. Her hearing was still too mixed up with the rest of her senses. But she stared nonetheless and she could see properly. She couldn't help staring as Doctor Jackson adjusted her glasses and moved her face less than two feet away from Winona's. The two women stared into each other's eyes as the group looked on. Even the smiling man who sat on the floor followed everyone else's eyes and turned to watch the staring contest.
After around fifteen seconds, the woman asked for a glass of water and everyone else gasped. Even the smiling man who sat on the floor gasped, and he stopped smiling. Jill let go of his hand, returning him to normal.
"Why is everyone staring at me?" Winona asked, wide-eyed.
Doctor Jackson recovered first. "You've been very sick, dear. But you're much better now. You've had acute synesthesia for over two months and you're the first long-term patient to be cured. Congratulations."
The woman didn't know what to say to that. She kept quiet and tears rolled down her face.
Jill and the doctor both hugged her and shared her tears.
"What happened?" Gray Leader said. "What did you do?"
The doctor broke up the group hug and stood up to face the man. "It was an act of desperation. I heard of a cure where a colorful woman moved close to a man's face. I imagined them having a staring contest so I tried the same thing."
"But," Jill spoke up. "That only happened once for Maggie. And she's got color. How could you cure someone without color?"
"I'm not exactly sure. I just had to try it to see if I could rule it out. But since it worked, I think we might have enough clues to figure this out."
"Please hurry, doctor," Gray Leader told her, looking at his watch.
Jill's escort stayed sitting on the floor with a scowl on his face. Three men held him at gunpoint so he behaved himself. That left Jill and the doctor to discuss the latest clue and have Winona describe her experience leading up to the cure.
"I don't know what happened," she said. "I could see your eyes but it bothered me that you were so close. Then I lost focus a little and saw my reflection in your glasses. Oh!" She gasped. "I had color." She looked down at her hands. "I have color!" She momentarily lost herself in thought as she stared at her hands.
"Please continue, Winona," the doctor prompted.
"Oh! Right. After I saw my reflection, I felt all warm and tingly for a moment and asked for a glass of water. I suddenly felt very thirsty. That's it. That's all."
Jill gasped. "That must have been what happened with the man who Maggie cured," she said. "He must have seen his reflection in her glasses."
Doctor Jackson nodded. "Didn't you say that both you and Maggie waved your hands in front of yourselves just before you were cured? You must have noticed that your hands had color. You saw yourself with color! That has to be the common factor! We've got to try another patient right away and confirm it." She turned to the man sitting on the floor. "Hey, mister tough guy. Call everyone back here so we can quickly colorize another patient and test our latest hypothesis. And have someone find a hand mirror. Make that several hand mirrors!"
That was the last thing that the doctor said for the next twenty minutes or so. She had a nap to take first, thanks to the woman in the foreign special forces team. Winona, Jill and her escort napped along with the doctor, and when they woke up, the foreign invaders were long gone, having left to start curing the afflicted in their own countries. The members of the foreign group had some long rides home first.

* * *

Jill laid in her bed after a long day of curing patients at the laboratory, hoping exhaustion would win out over her active imagination. Her thoughts didn't seem to want to let her sleep. She thought back to the past three days and shook her head. It frustrated her that it took them all so long to figure out something so simple. It seemed simple anyway. Seeing color could trigger acute synesthesia and seeing yourself with color would cure it and give you permanent color.
"It doesn't matter," she muttered to herself. "We'll cure everyone soon enough."
Each person who was cured gained color and became another healer to cure others. At the rate they were going, it would take a lot less time to cure everyone than it took for everyone to get the affliction. The government shipped out everyone who was cured at the laboratory, sending them to hospitals and hospices to cure more of the afflicted and add to the army of colorful healers. New cases of acute synesthesia continued to challenge the world but people were still being cured fast enough to quickly reduce the total number of afflicted. They were winning the war.
If only fixing civilization was as easy. Jill cried whenever her thoughts drifted to the mob that had chased her and the Songstrom sisters. Mobs went on to destroy a frighteningly large percentage of buildings in most of the major metropolitan areas all around the world. Anger and fear ruled the world, and the cure barely arrived in time to save it.
The Global Zombie Apocalypse Recovery had begun, starting with an aggressive schedule of curing the afflicted and slowly rebuilding everything that so-called healthy people had destroyed in riots. The rioters were sound of body but definitely not sound of mind. Far too many people believed the end of the world was near and they went wild. Laughing zombie graffiti covered walls, vehicles and virtually every other type of surface imaginable. Fires burned nearly twenty percent of the hospices around the world and claimed many other buildings as well. The United States took action to save most of its own property but the rest of the world wasn't so lucky, and there was yet another serious threat to endure.
People referred to the recovery as either "The Great Recovery" or by the acronym for Global Zombie Apocalypse Recovery. The news networks made GZAR into a word, pronouncing it to rhyme with bizarre, and the GZAR kept most people too busy to notice right away when scientists finally came forward with evidence of the cause of acute synesthesia. It took several weeks before anger erupted. It shocked people to learn that prolonged hyper phone usage caused the affliction, and when the shock and disbelief wore off, anger took its place. Angry people grouped together into mobs that threatened to end the recovery.
The telecom industry had figured out the cause of acute synesthesia months ago but they'd kept a lid on it for fear of losing profit. The larger companies had the resources to determine the cause of the affliction and they had enough wealth to keep it a secret. It wasn't really the hyper phones themselves that caused the problem. It was greed.
When it became apparent that the majority of the human race was susceptible to acute synesthesia, the large telecom companies saw a large decline in sales in spite of their secrecy. They simply lost too many customers to the affliction, and even though their profits took a hit, they still maintained their coverup. They feared lawsuits would add to their profit woes, and rightfully so.
After discovering the truth, the government helped redirect people's actions from destruction of property to destruction of the companies that were responsible for the global disaster. With free legal council, people filed lawsuits that quickly put all of the major hyper phone companies out of business.
It would've been the end of hyper phones except that people had become too dependent on them and refused to let them go. Several small companies filled the void left by the large hyper phone companies and hyper phones continued to be churned out for the masses. The only difference came in how hyper phones were used. Nearly everyone used headsets and microphones instead of holding them up against their ears. Only the relative few who wanted to be colorful continued to hold the phones against their ears. They'd eventually get acute synesthesia and be given permanent color along with the cure.
Color haters shook their heads when they saw people using their phones the old way. They couldn't understand how anyone could actually want color but at least they grew more tolerant of it since they couldn't avoid it. Color was the only cure and it was increasingly difficult to avoid. Within less than a month, the world suddenly had a huge increase in the number of colorful people. Color was no longer rare.
Jill smiled when her thoughts turned to color. She loved it, loved having it, and loved having new, colorful friends. It made her laugh to watch Maggie talk Shelly into trying to get acute synesthesia.
The youngest Songstrom sister wanted all of her sisters to have permanent color and that meant Shelly would have to get acute synesthesia and then be cured. Experiencing the affliction for a short time might prove interesting for Shelly too. The oldest sister seemed to thrive on offbeat experiences.
Jill moved on to a recent development in her own life. She found herself attracted to her bodyguard and decided that she'd soon do something about it. She sighed when she imagined giving the man color and soon drifted off to sleep.

* * *

Several months into the GZAR, the world had improved by leaps and bounds, enough that people had started settling into some semblance of civilized society. Jill had kept her house and had gotten a new job with another dentist. She hadn't liked the idea of going back to work for her old boss, especially after she'd realized that he was attracted to her. That couldn't turn out well. She only had eyes for a new special someone who'd be arriving any minute.
As she rushed around her kitchen, making dinner for her special guest, the doorbell rang and she squeaked in surprise before racing to the front door. She opened it to see her former bodyguard. He wore gray clothes but his body was in full color. He smiled and held a bouquet of dark gray roses.
She invited him in and as she turned to go back to the kitchen, she smiled, remembering flashes of their previous date the night before. She'd quickly learned to control her ability and had a wonderful date that had ended up at his place, where the date extended through the night and into the morning of the current day. It was no wonder that he still had the temporary color that she'd given him.
"Dinner will be ready in about fifteen minutes," she told him. "Make yourself comfortable."
He dropped the roses on the floor and quickly caught up to her, grabbing her around the waist from behind. As he nuzzled the side of her head, he spoke quietly in her ear. "Okay," he said. "I'm comfortable now. Are you comfortable?"
"Steve!" she squealed. "I've got to make dinner." She squirmed in his arms and turned around to face him.
"It can wait." He stared into her eyes with a hunger that had nothing to do with food.
"No way. You're a big boy. You need your nourishment." She tried to be firm but she felt her resolve fading. It took a pot of boiling water to get her attention back on the kitchen. Water bubbled over out of the pot and hissed on the top of the stove.
"Let me go before the stove shorts out and burns down the house!" she shouted at him.
He reluctantly released her and followed after her.
As she tended to the pot of boiling water and checked the rest of the meal preparation, she stole glances at him and saw him staring back at her.
"Is your name really Steve?" she playfully asked him. "I bet it isn't. I bet it's an alias."
"It's not an alias. But the last name I gave you might be."
"Oh, you!" She slid over on the linoleum floor and lightly swatted his arm. Then she noticed something was missing. "Hey! Where are my flowers?"
"Oops! Be right back." He went to retrieve the roses and soon came back with them.
"There's a vase on the fridge. Please fill it with water and put the flowers in it for me. I'll be right back."
"Sure," he told her, but she was already gone.
"And watch the pot of boiling water while you're there!" she called from the bathroom, just before shutting the door.
"Sure. Put me to work," he muttered good-naturedly. "I don't mind." He finished with the flowers and gave the pot a glance before losing himself in thought.

* * *

Jill made a favorable impression on Steve at the laboratory with the way she handled herself, and he had to admit that he found her color very attractive. When she asked him out for a date, he didn't hesitate to accept, but he didn't mean for their relationship to last. His line of work didn't allow for stable, long-term relationships. He had to make an exception for Jill though. He couldn't say no to love.
Steve wasn't sure about having color. It made him stand out a little too much as an agent. He'd have to try to limit contact with Jill, at least before he had to go off on a mission. Or maybe not. Different scenarios ran through his mind. He imagined having color, creating a big scene, and then hiding out until he faded back to gray. He'd likely have a much easier time sneaking away after turning gray. Everyone would be looking for a man with color.
He chuckled just as Jill returned.
"What's so funny?" she asked, cocking her head.
The way she looked at him made him completely forget what he was thinking about. He found himself well past falling in love. He absolutely loved her, and he couldn't resist showing her. With some exaggerated long strides and slow, sweeping arcs of his arms, he moved the pot of boiling water off to the side and turned off all of the burners and the oven. Then he turned back to Jill and gently embraced her. He reached around the back of her waist and as he started humming a little tune, he slowly shuffled his feet in a slow dance. It was just the two of them in their own little colorful world, well past any danger of a zombie apocalypse.
The synesthesia plague very nearly ended civilization. It would take the world several years to fully recover but the human race would endure. Humans could endure a lot and still keep on kicking, and some might say adversity was even a good thing. It could bring out the best in us as well as the worst. Progress very often leaped forward when people were challenged and many people looked forward to the next major challenge. They had to survive a strike from an asteroid with color in the near future. The people of Earth certainly lived in interesting times.

Back to Table of Contents
All That Glitters

Sherry looked around the small office and saw color everywhere. Photographs were in black and white given the limitations in film, but they were one of the few exceptions. Several mountain landscape photos hung in thin brass picture frames on cream colored walls. A multitude of books with covers in various shades of blue and green mixed with gray books in two adjacent wooden bookcases, the wood of one of them having a rich dark chocolate color, the other reddish brown. A beige shag carpet with a tinge of green covered the floor, and when she looked closely enough, she could just make out pale green threads woven throughout the thick, beige fibers of the carpet. Nothing had to be colorized for her. She could always see color. It was virtually everywhere, and she was the only person in the world with the ability to see it.
The colors by themselves were nice, but they didn't all look very nice together. She saw so many badly matched colors everywhere she went. They often made it difficult for her to appreciate her unique gift, as did all the people who didn't believe her when she told them she had color vision.
Actually, no one believed her, not even her parents.
Why couldn’t anyone else see the world the same way she did? If things could be colorized by people with color, didn't that mean that everything truly had color? Everything seemed to have the potential for color and she could somehow see it, but no one believed her. Everyone else saw her and most everything else in shades of gray. Maybe everyone else was crazy.
“How long have you been seeing these colors?” asked her psychologist, a much older man with salt-and-pepper hair and glasses with thick, black frames. He sat next to Sherry, just close enough to make her uncomfortable.
“I told you last time,” the young woman huffed, slumping down in a soft, black leather chair.
“Please. Humor me.”
She sighed. “I’ve seen color all my life. My first memories include color.”
He scribbled some notes on a small tablet that he held.
“Now are you going to ask me if I dream in color? You’ve asked me that at least twice before.”
He carefully placed his tablet on his lap and removed his glasses. “I ask some of the same questions on purpose. It’s part of my process.”
I’m just a process to him. And a source of income.
The man put his glasses back on and picked up the tablet to resume the session, not noticing that their time was nearly up.
Sherry noticed. She got up abruptly and flashed him a fake smile. “Time’s up,” she said, adding, “And you cured me. You’re right. I was just doing it for attention.”
The doctor removed his glasses, looking confused. “What? You can’t be cured just like that.”
She slowly shook her head. “I know you don’t believe I see everything in color. I’ve had enough.”
“This is a long process. It takes time to work through issues like this.”
“Maybe it’s just a phase I’m going through.”
He stared up at her from his chair for a long moment and frowned. “You’re not taking this very seriously.”
“I haven’t been causing any harm. What’s the big deal?”
“You’re causing harm to yourself,” he warned.
“Only if I keep telling people I see colors. I’ll just keep my mouth shut.”
The man slowly stood up. “You’ll likely end up isolating yourself. I don’t recommend….”
She cut him off. “There are a lot more people with color now since that horrible synesthesia plague. Permanent color is part of the cure.”
“That’s right. It means more things and more people will be colorized by those with color. I see where you’re going with this.”
“There’s a lot more color in the world now. I’ll get by, Doctor Johnson.”
“Can you tell the difference between a colorized object and a regular object?” He skimmed his notes, quickly flipping through several pages of his tablet. “I see the answer is no. I still think your condition is psychological, but it doesn’t matter if you really do see everything in color. You’ll keep giving yourself away and people will think you need to be institutionalized.”
Sherry laughed. “That’s a nice way of calling me crazy.”
The man scowled and raised his voice a little. “I’m serious. You need help.”
“Goodbye, Doctor Johnson. Thanks for trying.” With that, she turned and left.
I can’t afford him anyway.

* * *

Sherry took the doctor’s words to heart. If she let it slip that she saw everything in color, someone might eventually try to lock her away in a mental institution. Or they might even get violent. She imagined color haters not liking the idea that they actually had color. 
She had to be careful, and to do that, she’d have to avoid conversation. She'd have to avoid people. That might prove difficult, especially with so much money in her savings account, tempting her to go out and spend it.
It had taken over three years to save enough before she'd even considered therapy, and today, near the end of her sixth session, she'd finally had an epiphany. She'd realized that therapy wasn't the answer. Her psychologist hadn't been able to help her at all.
Wasting money on the six therapy sessions irritated her first, until she thought about all of the money she had left. She had enough money for another dozen therapy sessions that she wouldn't be attending.
But what to do with all the leftover money?
It hadn't been easy to save money with her meager salary as a retail clerk. Normally, she wouldn't have saved enough to see a psychologist. She'd only managed it by not having a social life.
She’d alienated her few friends and most of her family with her talk about seeing color everywhere. Only her mother would tolerate her eccentric behavior, having been somewhat desensitized to it. Sherry had talked about colors starting at a very young age.
Seeing everything in color had been very difficult to hide from others, especially when shopping for clothes. That’s how she'd chased most of her friends away. She’d seen them wearing hideous color combinations and had to say something about it. Even when she'd kept from saying anything bad, the disgusted look on her face hadn't been taken well. Her friends thought she was playing mind games with them and got tired of it.
Teenage makeup parties had been even worse. She'd lost her last two friends after laughing hysterically at their makeover attempts. Their faces might have looked good in shades of gray but they'd looked clownish with badly matched colors.
She sighed.
Her thoughts wandered until she came upon the idea of getting permanent color. If she got permanent color, she’d get some special ability along with it and she could tell everyone that her special ability was being able to see everything in color. They’d believe her then. Her real special ability wouldn’t matter. She’d keep that a secret. It’d likely be easier to keep something like that a secret than her color vision.
It should be possible for her to get permanent color if she talked enough on her hyper phone. It turned out that the phones eventually triggered a change in the brain that would slowly scramble a gray person’s senses. Doctors called it acute synesthesia, and if she caught it, someone with color could give her temporary color as part of a cure. Once she was colorized, seeing herself with color would cure the affliction and make her color permanent.
But would the cure work for her? She already saw herself in color. She saw everything in color.
The prospect of living alone for the rest of her life made it an easy decision. She reached into her purse and pulled out her hyper phone to call her mother.
In spite of their danger, everyone tolerated hyper phones. Their ability to never lose a connection, not even when underground, explained their high demand. No satellites or cell phone towers were required, just a reasonably priced service plan.
The vast majority of gray hyper phone owners used headsets to avoid acute synesthesia but Sherry pressed the phone up against her ear. Like those few gray individuals who wanted permanent color, she tempted fate, daring it to scramble her senses.
“Hello?” her mother answered.
“Hi, Mom. Are you busy?”
“I’m never too busy to talk to you, dear. What’s up?”
“Oh, you know. The usual. I’m full of words with no one to talk to.”
“You poor thing. Isn’t your therapy helping?”
“I quit,” Sherry said in a small voice.
“Why? I thought we agreed to see it through!”
“You agreed. I just acquiesced.”
“Oh, honey. Please go back. Please?”
“I can’t afford it, Mom! And it wasn’t helping anyway. My psychologist doesn’t believe me. No one does.”
Her mother paused but made noises like she was about to say something.
“Don’t say it, Mom. I know you don’t believe me.”
“Well, you have to admit, it is hard to believe. No one else sees everything in color.”
Sherry sighed. “No one except me. Look, Mom. Have I ever seemed delusional to you? I mean, other than seeing colors.”
“No, of course not. But who’s to say it’s not some rare psychological condition. We had that zombie plague not so long ago. That was certainly strange.”
“It was a synesthesia plague, Mother, not a zombie plague. Those people weren’t zombies. They actually had control of their thoughts. They just couldn’t control their senses.”
“That must have been awful.”
“Yes, well, I hope to find out.”
Her mother paused a moment. “What do you mean?”
“I’ve got my hyper phone pressed up against my ear. I want permanent color. I’ll get cured and then I can tell everyone that my special ability is to see everything in color.”
“That’s a terrible idea! Don’t you dare do that!”
“It’s a better plan than wasting my time and money with Doctor Disbelief!”
“Oh! You’re so clever with words, but you’re too stubborn for your own good. Please don’t try to get that… plague.”
“Too late, Mom. I’m keeping my phone pressed up against my ear as much as possible.”
“Well, I’m not going to talk to you then. Call back when you’ve got some sense!”
Sherry sighed and talked to her disconnected phone. “You always know just what to say to make me feel better.”
She briefly held the phone away from her ear to look up the number for getting the correct time. After getting it, she called the number and once again pressed the phone up against her ear, listening to the time as it was being called out.
With it being a warm, late spring day, she decided to take a long walk, all the while listening to her phone. She got some funny looks from passersby. A few sadly shook their heads but most just stared. She ignored everyone all the way to a nice park, where she found a bench to sit on.
The park covered a full, average size city block, with half of it being heavily forested. The other half had a gently sloping lawn bisected by a gently curving concrete path. Several benches were scattered along the path and Sherry sat on one at the bottom of the slope. The bench faced the road that bordered the park and she sat there, watching cars and people pass by. She liked to people watch, and they seemed to love to watch her while probably thinking unflattering thoughts about her hyper phone usage.
“I love you too,” she said quietly to no one in particular.

* * *

Jim took a short walk to a park near his apartment. He loved the park. It was simple yet had a certain charm, with a little of almost everything. It had a small stand of trees that inspired the unimaginative name of Forest Park. It also included a large grassy hillside, a nice little path cutting through the grass fairly close to the trees, benches along the path, and even a few picnic tables near the trees. He didn’t have anyone to share a picnic table with but he made note of the tables for future reference. He took his usual route, going around the forested end of the park and walking down the gentle slope on the curvy path that cut through the grassy area.
When he got to the bottom of the hill, he couldn’t help noticing a gray young woman talking on a hyper phone. Normally, he wouldn’t say anything, but her lack of a reaction to his presence flagged her as unusual. He made brief eye contact with her and she immediately turned her attention to a passing car.
Most young women couldn’t help staring at him because of his color. He was one of only a few dozen people with color in the city in spite of the synesthesia plague. The plague left his large city mostly untouched.
“Excuse me,” he said to her, surprising both himself and the young woman. “I’m sorry to interrupt your phone call, but are you color blind?”
Many people actually were color blind to various degrees, though most of them were men, and it wasn't likely that anyone would only be able to see in shades of gray. Still, he couldn't help asking.
Sherry eyed him suspiciously. “That’s a peculiar question. A little rude too, perhaps?”
He chuckled. “Please forgive me. It’s just that I’m so rarely ignored. I’m not used to it.”
With a single, raised eyebrow, she blurted out, “A little full of ourselves, are we?”
He laughed at that, and she stared at him, looking at him like he was crazy.
“Seriously,” he said. “I asked if you’re color blind because I have color. Most people stare at me but you barely paid me any attention. It’s refreshing, actually.”
The young woman smiled up at him as she hung up and put her phone in her purse. “Okay. I get it now. Sorry for doubting your motives. I’m the last person who should be doubting someone.”
“Oh? Why is that?”
“Because everyone doubts me, even my own mother. It drives me crazy.” She gave him a crooked smile.
“And? You're not going to say why everyone doubts you?”
She shrugged. “Sorry. I’m not going to elaborate.”
“Come on. Why would everyone doubt you? What is it about you they doubt?”
The woman just shook her head.
“Okay then. Can I ask you some other questions?”
She nodded and smiled again.
He paused while rubbing his chin, trying to think of a good question. “I got it. Can you see my color?”
“Yes.”
“Right. Next question….”
“Of five. I’ve decided to give you five, not the standard twenty. I won’t tolerate twenty, not after my recent conversation with my mother.”
“Oh, no. Were you just talking to your mother on the phone? I didn't mean to interrupt.”
She flashed a wicked smile. “No, and that counts as your second question.”
Jim slapped his forehead. “Okay. You want to play rough. I can play rough. Which two things that I’m wearing are the same color?”
Like all people with color, anything they touched also developed and held color for twice as long as they were touched. Of course that included the clothes they wore.
“Easy,” she said, after noting that he dressed sensibly for a walk on a warm spring day, with shorts, tee shirt, and an unzipped hooded sweat shirt. “It’s your socks and tee shirt. They’re both the color of the moon when that high school boy made the whole planet glow with color a couple years ago.”
“Right. They’re both a dark shade of blue. Someone named that color blue and the name stuck. Shame about all the other colors not having names.”
She nodded. “It would make it easier to talk about colors if they had names. Perhaps someone will now since so many people have color.”
Jim gave her a long, thoughtful look. “Do you mind if I sit next to you?”
Sherry laughed. “Not at all, but it just cost you another question.”
“What? That’s not fair!”
“Sorry… um… what’s your name? I’m Sherry.”
“Ha! I’ll answer your question in exchange for another question.”
“Fair enough.”
The young man sat a respectable distance away from her on the bench. “Jim. My name is Jim. Nice to meet you, Sherry.” He reached out and they shook hands.
“Nice to meet you, Jim. You’ve got two questions left. Ask wisely.”
“I’ll try. I seem to be having trouble though.”
She stifled a laugh.
“I guess I doubted you about seeing my color. That’s why I asked my color matching question.”
“It’s okay. As I said, I’m pretty much used to being doubted.”
“Yeah, well, I’m sorry.”
“Apology accepted. Now quit stalling. I want to hear your final two questions. Please?”
“Oh, you’re a tough one all right. Okay. Let’s see…,” he said, again rubbing his chin. “Give me a minute. I’m not used to being under pressure.”
Sherry smiled again. “I take it you live a charmed life since you have color.”
“Not at all,” he said without a trace of mirth. "I only got my color after getting the synesthesia plague. That wasn't a pleasant experience."
"Oh," she said, frowning. "I'm sorry."
“It's okay. I'm okay now. I’m lucky to have a sharp mind, a good education, and a good job as a web designer. I could use a few more friends but other than that, I'm good.”
She couldn’t help noticing that he didn’t mention having a significant other in his life. A peek at his left ring finger confirmed he wasn’t married, eliciting a faint smile until Jim startled her with a sudden outburst.
“I got it! I got my fourth question. I have to know. Why didn’t my color get your attention?”
What he really wanted to ask was why she was trying to get the synesthesia plague. She was gray and he'd noticed that she'd had her hyper phone pressed against her ear. She'd eventually get the plague if she kept using her phone like that. It bothered him a little that anyone would want to catch the plague but he didn't think he knew her well enough to ask something like that.
He couldn't know that both his spoken and unspoken questions related to the one subject that she really didn't want to talk about. As soon as the question left his lips, Sherry looked like she’d been slapped and he wished he could take back his question, but it was too late.
“I’m sorry but Q and A time is over,” she said, quickly getting up to leave. “I have to go.”
“I’m sorry about upsetting you!” he called to her as she quickly walked back up the path for the long walk home. Just as she crested the small hill, he saw that she had her hyper phone out again, pressed against her ear.
He sadly shook his head as he started walking back to his apartment. “Another one that got away,” he said to himself. “And this time I have no idea why.”

* * *

Jim started his long evening walk and ended up at the park as usual. He made the same walk nearly every day for exercise. That and a little entertainment. Sitting on a park bench and watching people pass by always interested him, though he only did it on the weekends when he could come during the day. Work took up too much time during weekdays and he ended up walking late in the evening after digesting his dinner.
Evening walks had their own charm, being peaceful and quiet, allowing time for contemplation about various subjects, like how he was going to approach Sherry should he see her again. Something about her drew him to her and he couldn’t figure out why.
Seeing her talking on a hyper phone without a headset had concerned him and had something to do with his interest in her. Having experienced the unpleasant symptoms of the synesthesia plague firsthand, he couldn’t understand why anyone would purposely try to get it, even with what seemed to be a sure cure. A rare few people were desperate for color, but Sherry didn’t fit his notion of a color addict. She seemed so normal and sane.
Not that he was an expert in psychology or anything. 
Ignorance couldn’t be a factor. A gray person would have had to be living in a cave to not know that hyper phones caused the synesthesia plague, and even if they had been living in a cave, they couldn’t miss the current signs of recovery and figure out what had happened. The world still had a long way to go to recover from the plague. So many buildings and vehicles had been destroyed. So many lives had been lost. It would take many years before signs of the near apocalypse had been erased.
That only left what he imagined to be a serious personal reason for getting color, and he couldn’t help wonder what it was. He didn’t want to pry. He barely knew her. Still, she was alone when he met her, and she seemed vulnerable in some way. Perhaps he should’ve asked her if she’d like a new friend. He knew he’d like one. He had next to no friends.
Getting the synesthesia plague and then getting cured gave him permanent color, and with the color came a lot of grief from his now former friends. They couldn’t relate to him and he could tell they resented his color and possibly even feared him. So few people in the area got the plague. Having color was something of a badge of shame, like he had some weakness or flaw that marked him for the plague. The worst part was losing his former girlfriend, especially since he still loved her and likely always would. She dropped him like a hot potato when he got color.
He wished he could let go of his feelings for her. She couldn’t have been the right woman for him if she left him when he got color. It didn’t matter though. The heart didn’t work like that. All he could do was shake his head and walk home after another day of loneliness and fruitless speculation.

* * *

Like the airport, Forest Park was one of the best places for people watching, with a wide variety of people flowing through and around the park. The speed bumps on the road adjacent to the west side of the park kept vehicles moving slowly enough to spy on drivers and passengers, and people filled the sidewalk at all hours of the day. The park stood between two long lines of stores and restaurants and it had a small parking lot. In spite of the numerous signs warning that the parking stalls were for park use only, people abused the small parking lot all the time. It became something of a joke to locals as they watched the steady stream of people walking to and from the park. If Sherry liked people watching, she’d be back.
Jim walked a lot and had visited every park within a ten mile radius of his home. He knew nothing else compared to his favorite little park in terms of people watching. Still, he didn’t want to leave too much to chance. He didn’t know what motivated Sherry to visit the park so he changed his normal walking route to include all of the nearest parks. It added over an hour to his walk time but a new friendship would be worth the effort.
On the second weekend after his encounter with Sherry, Jim was rewarded with another sighting. As he topped the rise in Forest Park, he looked down at the base of the hill and saw Sherry sitting on the farthest bench with her hyper phone pressed up against her ear.
As much as he wanted to ask her why she was trying to catch the synesthesia plague, he knew it would likely lead to the subject of color. Color seemed to be a bad subject with her and he didn’t want to chase her away a second time. That left plan A. But was he ready for plan A? They barely met and asking her if she’d like a new friend sounded too much like a cheesy pickup line to him. He filed away that question and decided to go with plan B.
Counting the number of steps down to the bottom of the hill distracted him well enough to keep him from freezing up. Forty seven, forty eight, forty nine, and stop.
He gave her a slight hand wave to get her attention and questioned her with his eyes, looking at the open space next to her on the bench. He didn’t want to interrupt her phone call. He didn’t hear her utter one word the whole way down the hill but she seemed to be listening intently.
She motioned with a hand, seemingly inviting him to sit next to her, but she didn’t put her phone down. Instead, she turned slightly away from him.
Jim shrugged and waited for the phone call to end, trying not to fidget. He imagined Sherry to be listening to her mother. His own mother could talk for hours on the phone without him giving her anything but an occasional grunt of acknowledgment.
He turned slightly toward her after his last thought as he realized that he hadn’t heard her make a single sound so far. Looking at his watch, he gave her a short time limit, and at the end of the allotted time, he still hadn’t heard a peep from her.
This is silly. I guess I’ll just try again next weekend.
He got up and crossed the road without looking back, hoping that Sherry would feel at least a little guilty and be more receptive next time. In spite of getting no conversation, he felt sure there would be a next time.
Not looking back was one of the hardest things Jim had ever done, more difficult than working up the nerve to talk to her in the first place. It was harder on Sherry though. She watched him leave abruptly after waiting patiently for him to say something. She didn’t realize that he’d be too polite to interrupt her phone call, such as it was. As before, she was merely listening to a recorded voice calling out the time.
“I should’ve said something,” she said to herself.

* * *

Sherry made the long, slow walk back from Forest Park, thinking about a certain colorful young man and missed opportunities.
She hadn’t been to the park the previous weekend but she’d return regularly from that point on. “Maybe I’ll see you next weekend, Jim,” she said to herself.
She’d spent the previous weekend looking for a closer park to settle in. The round trip to Forest Park took her a little over an hour by foot. It seemed too far for a casual walk. So why did she end up back at the same park?
The answer was easy. Listening to the time on her phone bored her to death. She needed something else to occupy her mind and people watching seemed much better by comparison. Forest Park was great for people watching.
Sitting alone at home on the couch couldn't compare to a long walk with a break for people watching. The exercise wouldn’t hurt and she also had to admit to herself that she'd hoped to see Jim again. She hadn’t expected to see him, certainly not on her first try, but she'd hoped.
And I threw away a perfectly good opportunity. Way to go, girl.

* * *

Jim and Sherry met a third time in Forest Park, late in the afternoon the very next weekend. Jim ended his regular walk in Forest Park as usual, and as he walked down the path, he saw Sherry sitting on a bench with her hyper phone pressed against her ear. There was one thing that was different though. She sat on the second bench from the bottom. That meant that she wasn't facing the road. Instead, the bench faced the path.
Is she trying to send me a message? Is she watching for me?
He walked down next to the bench and she looked up at him with sad, hopeful eyes. His heart nearly melted and he barely remembered what he wanted to say.
“I’m ready with my fifth question," he told her. "It has nothing to do with color so I don’t think it’ll upset you. May I please ask it?”
Sherry raised an eyebrow.
Jim looked a little pained. "That doesn't count as a question. I was just being polite."
She cocked her head as if considering his request. After a short pause, she smiled and nodded.
"Great!" he said as he sat next to her on the bench. "Here's the question: What has five eyes and goes south?"
That confused her. "What?" she asked.
"It's a riddle, a very old riddle from a joke book that I saw in a used book store when I was a boy. So then. What has five eyes and goes south?"
"No idea," she said with a shrug.
"The Mississippi River!"
She groaned. "That was bad. Clever but bad."
"Oh, but wait. There's more. I have what has to be the first joke ever. I'm sure it must predate recorded history. Are you game?"
"More questions?" she asked, again raising an eyebrow.
"I think I can ask more. In fact, if we want to be fair, I should be allowed five questions every time we meet. I didn't ask any last weekend so I figure I've got ten more to ask today."
"Okay. Granted. And will they all be riddles?"
"That depends," he said, smiling.
"On what?"
"On how much you appreciate the humor."
"Hm," she said, placing a finger against her cheek. "I guess I can take another one. Let's hear it."
"Excellent. Here it is: Why did the monkey fall out of the tree?"
Sherry looked up, silently repeating the riddle. She wanted to get the right answer to at least one of them. Finally, she ventured a guess, "Because it was clumsy?"
"No! Sorry. Wrong answer. Why did the monkey fall out of the tree? Because it was dead!"
She snorted and barely suppressed a laugh. "That's terrible!" she said as she lightly slapped his arm.
"Yes. It is terrible. But you almost laughed."
She shook her head.
"Okay," he said suddenly. "Out of riddles. Switching to jokes."
"Oh oh."
"A dyslexic man walked into a bra."
She shook her head, but smiled to encourage him to continue.
"A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Give me a beer and a mop.' "
"Please!" Sherry said while trying to stifle a laugh. "No more."
"Ah," he said, smiling. "You find them that funny?"
"No! They're horrible. I was waiting for a good one but I'm not sure I can suffer any more while I wait."
"But I see you on the verge of laughing," he said, looking a little confused.
"That's because of you."
"Me?"
"Yes, you," Sherry said, rolling her eyes. "You're trying so hard to make me laugh. How can I not appreciate it?"
"Ah, yes. What a sad, sad world it would be without humor. And even worse without friends to share that humor."
"Exactly so," she told him, lightly touching his arm.
They sat eyeing each other for over a minute, until it turned awkward.
Jim abruptly stood up. "Dang," he said. "I've got to go. I promised I'd have dinner with my parents tonight. But I'll be by the park again next weekend around the same time. See you then?"
Sherry smiled. "Sure. Feel free to question me any time. I'll be here."
He turned on his heel and walked back toward his apartment with a happy spring to his step.

* * *

The unseasonably warm, sunny weather held through the next weekend, when Jim found Sherry back at the lowest bench facing the road. He passed in front of her and flopped down on the bench without a plan. He gave up on devising a plan. It was too nice a day to fuss with plans.
Sherry spoke before he could think of what to say. "Hi, Jim. Nice day for people watching, don't ya think?"
"Ah. You like people watching too? That's one of the main reasons I keep ending up at this park. It's a great place for it."
She nodded. "The only better place for it is at the airport."
"Exactly!"
An awkward pause followed as they both watched a few cars go by.
"So," Sherry said suddenly. "Got any more riddles? Any other colorless questions?"
"I'd hoped we'd moved beyond the five question phase of our friendship," he told her, trying to keep a straight face. After a few seconds, a smile threatened to appear when she spoke.
"Yes," she said. "I think it's safe to let you ask ten at a time now."
"Or... perhaps we just occasionally exchange questions and let the conversation flow naturally?"
She looked away. "I'm not sure that's a good idea," she said quietly.
"Well... you've already hinted at what's bothering you. I'm fairly sure it has something to do with doubting you about something that has to do with color."
"Please. Don't try to guess. I don't think I could take it."
"Don't worry. I'm not going to try to guess. I don't want to pry. But I do want to get to know you better, and maybe, eventually, you'll come to trust me enough to tell me."
"I don't know," Sherry said, looking away.
"Hey. I've been gray and now I have color. I've been on both sides, and I went through hell getting this color. I like to think I can be pretty sympathetic... about anything."
She flashed a faint smile. "I'm sure you can," she said quietly.
"Okay," he said, scooting closer to her. "Color me silly but I'm still sensing reluctance here."
Her smile broadened.
"Yes," he said. "The silence is a dead giveaway. How about I just blather on about myself and if you want to add anything at any time, you can interrupt? How does that sound?"
"Works for me," she said.
"Okay. You asked for it. Here goes: I was born on Titan. You know, Saturn's largest moon, and I grew up there in an igloo palace. It gets really, really cold on that stupid moon. Everything is cold, and hard as rock. Everything."
At first, Sherry's eyes widened in surprise before quickly narrowing. "Bullshit!" she shouted. "I call bullshit!"
"Oh! What an excellent interruption. I give it a nine and a half out of ten."
"You're crazy," she said, smiling.
"Perhaps, but at least I'm no longer hard and cold."
"I'm not sure what to make of that last statement. But I ask that you don't clarify."
"Fine by me. Ready to jump into the conversation now?"
She shook her head.
He sighed. "More blathering for me then, I guess. And I'll be serious this time."
"Thank you."
He bowed his head and continued talking, telling her various tidbits about growing up gray and dull before moving on to adulthood. When he got around to the point in his life when he got color, he paused, begging her with his eyes to interrupt. Talking about having the synesthesia plague wasn't a pleasant subject for him, especially since it ended with him getting permanent color and losing his girlfriend.
Sherry took the hint. "You mentioned before that you didn't have a good experience with the synesthesia plague. I'm sorry."
He just nodded.
"Can you tell me about your special ability? Everyone with color gets a special ability. Right?"
"I... don't know. I mean, yes, everyone with color gets a special ability. I have one. I'm just afraid it'll lead to less pleasant subjects."
"Then we have something in common." She sighed. "Why does color have to be so difficult?"
Jim got a disgusted look on his face. "Hey. You know what? You're right. Color is too difficult, but we have to start somewhere. I'll tell you about my ability."
"Really?"
"Really. It's not very useful or powerful but it gives me some small comfort. It allows me to know the location of everyone that I love."
"That's odd. I've never heard of an ability like that. How does it work?"
"I close my eyes and when I concentrate on the people I love, they show up as a colored circle over a rough map of the area. Each person has a unique mix of colors so I know who's who. Let's see...." He closed his eyes. "Right now, my mother is at home, about ten miles from here. I see her baking cookies and watching television while she makes the cookies."
"You made that last bit up!"
Jim smiled. "Yes. I don't really know what she's doing but she loves to bake and watch television so it's a good guess."
"But you really know where she is. Hm."
"Yep. It's nice not having to worry about losing track of someone. It's like having a radar for loved ones."
"What about crushes?" she asked. "Do they show up on your special radar?"
"Nope. Only true love. At least as far as I can tell."
She placed a finger against her cheek. "Must be nice."
"Hm?"
"You can use it to tell if you love someone. It's as much a love detector as a people finder."
"Hey!" Jim's eyes lit up. "You're right. I never thought of it like that."
Sherry shrugged and turned away with a slight smile, then added, "What about the range? How far away can you detect someone?"
"You know, I'm not sure. I've never really loved someone who didn't live in the same general area. I haven't really tested it."
"You've never gone on vacation?"
"I always stay in the area when I take time off from work. Not much fun traveling alone."
"You've never had a girlfriend who liked to travel?"
"Uh...."
"Oh, dear. I went too far. I'm so sorry."
"Yeah. Ex-girlfriends are one of my taboo subjects."
"I'm really sorry, Jim. I got carried away."
"No, it's okay. I'm okay. It's just that...."
"She still shows up on your special radar and she lives close by."
"Yeah."
"Well," Sherry said, looking determined. "Cat's out of the bag now, and I've got just one more thing to say about it. Your ex is an idiot for dumping you. Seriously."
"Thanks, but I'd rather not talk about it."
"Still, it's only fair that I share something with you."
Jim shook his head. "You don't have to."
"Yes, I do. Just please do me a favor."
"Sure."
"Look me in the eye as I tell you and I'll have a good idea whether or not you believe me. It's important that I find someone who believes me."
"Okay. Sure." Jim turned on the bench so that his upper body faced Sherry. He looked into her eyes and nodded that he was ready.
Sherry took a deep breath. "I see color."
"What?"
"I mean, I see color everywhere. Everything has color. It's like a special ability. I see myself having color, yet everyone tells me I'm gray like most other people. It's so frustrating!"
"Wow," he said quietly, as he started to look away.
"Hey! Please. Keep looking at me."
"Right! Sorry. I see you as gray but that definitely sounds like a special ability. I've never heard of such a thing."
Sherry snorted. "Neither has anyone else. That's been my problem. No one believes me."
"You have to admit. It is hard to believe. I mean, being so rare."
"Yes, and me being gray. I can understand people having a hard time believing it. But it's true. And now I can answer your question about why your color didn't get my attention. It didn't get my attention because you don't stand out. When everything has color, it's less common for any one thing to stand out."
"Yeah. That helps. That really does help."
"Help? Help with what?"
"It helps me believe you. It makes sense. What I can't believe is why no one has thought to test you. Didn't any doctors test you to see if you could see everything in color?"
She slowly shook her head. "My family physician didn't believe me and he referred me to a psychologist. The psychologist just wanted to interrogate me. Forever. I felt like nothing but a source of income to him."
"Ah. I'm sorry."
Sherry smiled. "We sure apologize a lot to each other."
"Yeah. It's getting to be a habit. But I think I might earn some thanks."
"Oh?"
"I have an idea for testing your color vision. Are you game?"
Sherry nodded enthusiastically and the two hurried off in the direction of Jim's apartment.

* * *

The tall apartment complex where Jim lived had various stores all along the first floor with apartment units above. It stood at the edge of the downtown area of the city, where tall buildings were the norm, but it didn't look like your average building of steel and glass. It was relatively new and modern looking, with curved sides and all different sizes of windows. Even the decks varied, both in size and style, some with metal railings, some with a different mix of metal and glass panels.
The building loomed above them with a dozen stories, and Sherry stopped to look up at it. "You live here?" she asked.
"Yeah. So?"
"Nice," she said, smiling.
The two fast, new friends first made a quick stop at a corner grocery store across the street from the apartments. Jim had Sherry pick out six or seven fruits and vegetables in different colors in the grocery store. She chose seven. They bought the produce and moved on to Jim's next destination, with Sherry holding the bag of fruit to keep Jim from accidentally giving color to anything.
They entered a flower shop at the base of the apartment complex. The store dealt mostly with floral arrangements but Jim talked the florist into selling individual flowers for a custom, spur of the moment bouquet. Sherry was quietly directed to pick out seven flowers, one to match the color of each of the items of produce. She actually chose six flowers and a bit of fern to match the pear. Jim bought the flowers and fern, being careful not to touch any of them and give them color.
"Interesting choices," said the florist. "Do you have time to give them color? They look even better with color. I've seen it myself once."
"Thanks, but I was going to do it a little later."
The florist sighed. She obviously hoped to see some of the beautiful flowers in color.
"Ah. Sorry but I gotta run. I'll come back sometime and colorize a bouquet or two."
"Yes, please," she said, her eyes brightening.
Sherry took the fern and flowers from the florist, holding them with their diagonally cut stems inserted into a clear plastic bag. The bag held a little water to help keep the flowers fresh.
The two of them quickly left the store to gain access to the apartments. They walked down the sidewalk for half the block and entered the building again, walking into a small lobby and settling on a white sofa in front of a low, wide coffee table.
"Let's get started," Jim said. "Please lay out the fruits and vegetables in any order on the table here."
Sherry pulled the fruit and vegetables out of the bag and quickly placed all but two of them in a row. The margumberries and strawberries came in small plastic cartons that had to be opened. She grabbed a small handful of margumberries from their carton and placed them in a small pile at the end of the row and then placed a single large strawberry next to the margumberries. "I see what you're up to," she said. "This is great. I just needed someone with color to colorize everything."
"Exactly," he said.
She pulled the fern and flowers out of the bag of water one by one, laying them out in a row next to the produce with the flower end close to a fruit or vegetable and the stem pointing away. The color of each flower was matched to a fruit or vegetable according to her special color vision and it didn't take long until she was left holding the plastic bag with nothing in it but water. She looked up and cleared her throat.
Jim took his cue and moved one of his bare arms over the row of flowers and his other arm over the fruit and vegetables, simultaneously giving them all color. "Count to a hundred for me, please," he told her. "Then I'll see how well you matched the colors."
She nodded and silently counted.
The colorful man tried not to watch as color seeped into the somewhat cold and slightly moist items under his arms, but he couldn't help himself. He kept peeking around his arms and smiled.
"One hundred!" Sherry suddenly said as she finished counting.
"Yes, well I can already see everything matches," he said as he lifted his arms. "Amazing. Simply amazing."
The margumberries had been named after a botanist long ago, but after they'd been recently colorized a few times, they'd been nicknamed blueberries after the only named color. The blueberries matched the dark blue lupine flower, the strawberry matched the rose in color, the pear matched the fern, the banana matched the petals of the black-eyed susan, the tangerine matched the tiger lily, the ripe bell pepper matched the poppy, and the carrot matched the Chinese lantern flower. All of the pairs of items matched in color, and they matched quite well.
The man shook his head and looked up from the colorful items on the table to see Sherry crying.
"Hey," he said. "What's wrong? I thought you'd be happy."
"I am! It's just...." She broke down, bawling. Going through so many years of being spurned and scoffed at took its toll. She cried with happiness, but also relief and a little shock that someone finally, truly believed her. The mix of emotions overwhelmed her, and she cried.
Jim quietly scooted closer to her on the sofa and draped an arm around her shoulders.
She turned toward him and rested her head against his chest, wetting his tee shirt with her tears. They stayed together like that for several minutes before she backed away and sat up.
"Sorry about that," she said, followed by a sniff.
"It's okay," he told her as he looked her over. "A little salt water isn't going to matter to this old tee shirt."
Much of Sherry's top had turned color by then, but she didn't notice it. She already saw everything in color.
Jim noticed the change but didn't say anything about it. Instead, he thought to clean up their little mess. "Please wait here," he told her as he reached for the flowers and produce. "I want to take all of this up to my apartment. I should be back fairly soon."
"Why can't I come with you?"
He looked a little shy. "We haven't known each other all that long. I don't feel comfortable inviting you inside. I'm sorry. I guess I'm a little old-fashioned that way."
"Ah. It's okay. You're a gentleman. But I assure you, you'd be perfectly safe. I promise I wouldn't take advantage of you."
"Wait... what? Isn't it supposed to be the other way around?"
"Don't go all sexist on me now," she warned.
"No! Never," he said, slowly edging away from her.
"Here. At least let me put the flowers back in the bag."
"Why?"
She cocked her head. "Don't you want them to last?"
"Honestly? I'm keeping the fruit and veggies but I was just going to throw the flowers away."
Sherry growled as she snatched the flowers away from him and put the stems back in the bag of water. "Oh, you! I can't believe you. I insist you find a vase and put these in it. They might have just saved me from a lifetime of misery. They deserve to be proudly displayed."
"Well, when you put it that way. Okay then. I'll accept that," he said, leaving with the produce and flowers. "I'll just take these and be back as soon as possible. Please wait here. I won't be long, and I'd like to talk to you some more when I get back."
She sighed but stayed put. "Sure. I'll wait."
He walked over to the elevator and pressed the up button. He called back just before the elevator door opened, "I normally take the stairs but I'm in a hurry."
Sherry nodded her head. He really didn't have to tell her that but she appreciated that he seemed to care what she thought of him.
The young woman passed the time by people watching in the lobby. She also scanned the interior of the lobby, trying not to wrinkle up her nose at a few of the color combinations. The burnt orange coffee table looked horrible with the light blue carpet. She'd been able to ignore it earlier during her color test. Now, not so much. She generally loved being able to see things in color, but sometimes, clashing colors really bothered her. If she could have one other ability besides her color vision, she'd choose being able to change an object's color. There'd be very few clashing colors in her world. Unfortunately, no one else would really notice or care. There certainly wouldn't be any money in it.
There weren't a lot of people milling about the lobby, and the few who did walk by weren't very colorful. Neither was most the lobby for that matter, with its off-white walls, brown wooden paneling, and black posts. One woman wore a striking blue dress that caught her eye, and some of the furnishings had distinct colors. They just didn't look all that nice together.
She sighed, and soon after, she heard the elevator ding and the door opened with Jim rushing toward her.
"Hey," he said, slightly out of breath. "I hope you haven't been too bored waiting for me."
Sherry cocked her head a little. "It's okay. Really. I can keep myself entertained for hours looking at all the colors around me. Time really flew by."
"Okay. Good," he said as he sat down next to her on the sofa. "And you should be happy to know that the fern and flowers are happily slurping up fresh water."
"You don't have a vase, do you," she said as a statement rather than a question.
"Hey! Heavy crystal glasses make good vases. Your little friends are fine."
She laughed. "Great. Then what did you want to talk about?"
"Well," he said, shyly looking away. "Even before we firmly established that you have color vision, I've been wondering about the color of some things."
"Such as?"
"You know. Those things that are impractical or even impossible to touch, like the sky. I refuse to believe that the sky is light gray."
Sherry smiled. "Yeah. You bring up an interesting subject. I can tell you that the sky is a beautiful shade of light blue. But you forgot something very important. It's going to be difficult to relate colors to you when we only have a name for one of them."
"Oh. Right. I should've left the fruit here so we could use it as a reference."
"Hey. That's a good idea. But we don't need the fruit. Not really. You should remember the colors well enough."
"I don't want to refer to colors by fruit and vegetable names. Colors should have their own names."
"Yeah. You're right. Hang on." She paused, placing a finger next to her cheek in thought. "Okay. I have an idea for a starting point. Let's talk about rainbows."
"Rainbows! I never thought about them. I wondered if they'd be colorful with all those different shades of gray. Dang. I wish I could see one."
"They are quite beautiful, even more so when you know a little about how they work."
"Right," he said. "Raindrops act as a prism to split up light into different wavelengths; colors really, I guess. So different colors have different wavelengths. Cool."
"Yeah. Makes sense," she said, nodding. "So let's use the rainbow to order the colors. There's a definite order to color in rainbows. The outer edge is like the strawberry, followed by the carrot, banana, pear, blueberry, and eggplant."
"Eggplant? We didn't buy an eggplant."
"I looked for them in the store but didn't see them. I was looking for the six main colors of the rainbow."
"Main colors?"
"I say main because the colors blend smoothly between each other. There are different shades and mixes of colors from the outer to inner edges of the rainbow."
"So it goes like strawberry, strawberry-carrot, then carrot? That sort of thing?"
"Exactly," she said with a single nod of her head for emphasis. "Except there are as many in-between shades of color as there are shades of gray."
"Uh, let's stick with the six main colors. I don't want to try to come up with any more color names."
"Yeah."
Coincidences happen, no matter how improbable they may be. Some might also call it fate, or even mystical connections between parallel worlds, but it doesn't really matter whether it was coincidence or fate. Colors needed names and something inspired the two new friends to come up with familiar names for the main colors. They named the color of the strawberry and ripe bell pepper as red. The carrot and tangerine color was named orange. The banana's color was yellow. The pear and fern became green. Blue was already named and Sherry used purple for the color of the eggplant.
They went to another grocery store to find an eggplant and ended up back at Jim's apartment building, where he finally invited Sherry up to his apartment. They laid out the fruit and vegetables in order of the colors of the rainbow and took a picture. Using some graphics software to add captions, they named the fruit and vegetables and included their new color names, and the color names caught on in spite of the lack of color in photographs and on computer monitors. Everything displayed in shades of gray but using the names as a reference made it possible for the produce to be colorized so everyone could recognize each color and match it to its new name.

* * *

Sherry and Jim left the apartment building with Sherry leading the way in the general direction of her home. They crossed a nearby busy street, and as they walked along the wide, curving sidewalk on the other side of the road, they began talking.
Jim looked up at the sky and shook his head. "So the sky is light blue. Why blue, I wonder."
Sherry shrugged.
"What about clouds?"
"For most of the day, they're just how they look; white with shades of gray for the shaded sides and bottom."
Jim looked a little disappointed until he caught the first part of what she said. "What did you mean about most of the day?"
"Well, sometimes, early in the morning and around sunset, the sky can turn beautiful colors. I've seen oranges, reds, and mixes of colors that we don't have names for."
"Yet," he said.
"Yet," she agreed.
"What about the sun?"
She tried to look sideways at the sun and her eyes watered from the effort. "It's really too bright to look at, as I'm sure you know. It's hard to tell. But if I had to guess, I'd say it's somewhat white with a tinge of yellow."
He laughed. "A banana sun?"
She smiled and shook her head. "It's nowhere near as yellow as a banana. Like I said about rainbows, there are lots and lots of shades of the main colors that we named."
"Right." He smiled. "I was just kidding."
Jim hadn't devoted a lot of thought to colors before. He wondered about a few things that he could never colorize, like the sky, but he had too many other concerns, and he didn't have the time to spend colorizing everything within reach. With the new color names, he knew grass and virtually all leaves to be green. Flowers came in all colors of the rainbow and more. Having to hold a lot of fruit and vegetables gave them color before he could finish eating them so he was well familiar with their colors. He gave color to the clothes he wore and to his sheets and blankets on his bed. Many of the things in his bedroom, bathroom, and kitchen had been colorized repeatedly, as well as the things in and around his desk at work. After being cured of the synesthesia plague less than two years ago, colors were always around him and it was difficult for him to not take them for granted.
Meeting Sherry changed things, however. His curiosity about colorizing the impossible returned. He had a great reference of color information walking right beside him, and he couldn't stop asking questions.
Sherry eventually sighed. "Excuse me, but can we please talk about something else? I know you're excited about color. I totally get that. But come on. There's more to life than color. Hm?"
"Oh! Crap. I'm sorry." He suddenly got a funny look on his face. "Wait a minute. Crap? What about poop and pee?"
"Ew!" She wrinkled up her nose. "Don't even go there."
Jim laughed. "Kidding! I'm kidding. Sorry. I couldn't resist. Besides, I already know their colors. Since they've been inside me, they're colorized when they come out."
"Stop! Please. Just stop." She lightly slapped his arm. "I think you owe me a dinner after that."
He cocked his head. "Dinner?" The thought of colorizing her suddenly popped into his head. He tried and failed to imagine what she looked like in color. He hadn't seen many other people with color, seeing how relatively rare it was in the city. "That sounds good. What about tonight? Got any plans?"
"Not really."
They agreed on a place to eat and decided to walk in a large loop until they worked up an appetite. They'd end up back at Jim's apartment building and he'd drive them to the selected restaurant for a late afternoon dinner. In the meantime, they whiled away the long walk with pleasant conversation.

* * *

During the drive to the restaurant, the conversation turned serious. Sherry still had a couple of issues that Jim felt needed to be addressed. He really liked her and wanted to help. She seemed almost like the younger sister he never had, almost but not quite. That almost bit nagged him a little but he filed it away for later. For the present, he just wanted to enjoy a growing new friendship.
"It's a relief not having to dance around the subject of color," Sherry said.
"Yeah. But what's next? I imagine you'd like to get at least a few other people to believe you have color vision."
She nodded. "I'd like to set up another test to show my parents and older sister. Would that be okay? I'd need you to colorize the matching objects in front of them."
"That'd be fine. Sure. I'd love to. Keep in mind though that we can't keep using fruit and vegetables. We posted their color names online and people might think we're cheating if we use the same things."
"Oh, yeah. I didn't think of that. Then what could I use?"
Jim paused a moment. "We'd have to use whatever objects are in the room with whoever will be witnessing the test," he said slowly.
"Right. We can do it in my parents' living room. I think it has objects with all six named colors. I could do some scouting to make sure anyway."
"Do you think you can get your parents and sister to agree to get together for the test?"
Sherry frowned. "Maybe? My sister lives in Idaho and rarely visits."
"Well, we can worry about that later. For now, I have another question that I'd like to ask."
"That sounds ominous," she said with a faint smile.
He didn't smile back. "I think I know the answer but I'd like to hear it from you. Why have you been trying to get the synesthesia plague?" There. He asked. He felt a growing need to stop her from trying to get the dreaded plague so he had to ask.
The faint smile on her face disappeared, and her eyes suddenly looked angry. "Maybe because I was desperate? Desperate for someone to believe me? If I got color, I'd say that my special ability was color vision. Maybe then they'd believe me!" Her voice got progressively louder to express years of frustration and anger. She didn't like dumping it on Jim, but she felt better about getting it out.
Jim nodded. "Yeah. I thought so. I'm sorry for asking but it's been bothering me. Like I told you, I've been through it and it's really, really unpleasant."
"So you've said. I wasn't looking forward to it. I just didn't see any other option, other than living alone for the rest of my life."
"Yeah," he said, keeping his eyes fixed on the road as he drove. "Living alone isn't much fun."
An awkward silence followed his statement, until he pushed himself to ask one last question about the subject. "Now that we have a color vision test, does that mean you'll stop trying to get the plague?"
She turned away, staring through the passenger side window of the car. "I don't know. Maybe. It depends on how many people I can get to believe me."
"Maybe if we tested you in front of your psychologist, we could get him to verify your color vision and convince others."
Sherry gave a short, mirthless laugh. "I don't see that happening but I appreciate the idea."
He smiled. "I just don't want to see you with that plague. I'm afraid...," he trailed off and his smile faded away.
She turned back to face him and placed a hand on his shoulder. "I know. I gave it a lot of thought. I wondered if the cure would work on me. I already see myself having color, and we know that's part of the cure."
"Exactly," he said quietly.
"It just goes to show you how desperate I've been."
More awkward silence followed and lasted for the rest of the drive. Jim parked and waited until they walked toward the entrance of the restaurant before needlessly saying, "We're here."
Sherry just nodded.

* * *

The mood slowly brightened after entering Giovanni's. How could it not when laughter and animated conversation filled the small Italian restaurant? Happy voices and the occasional clink of silverware on plates chased away all gloominess. Smiles were contagious at Giovanni's.
A friendly waitress vaguely waved the couple to an empty table as she was refilling someone's water glass. The two of them wended their way near the middle of the room and quietly sat down as they took in the relaxed ambience of the place.
Two menus and a lit candle in a glass jar sat on the small square table, along with place settings and an assortment of seasonings. The smell of olive oil and zesty marinara sauce wafted from the nearest tables, and thoughts turned to satisfying hunger.
Loneliness had ruled both of their worlds for too long. They were as hungry for companionship as they were for food, and they both tried to speak at the same time as they reached for a menu.
Jim laughed. "No. You first."
"I was just thinking what a nice little restaurant this is," Sherry said as she skimmed the menu. "I've never been here before."
He nodded. "I've been here many times. The food is very good, if a bit pricey. It's worth the money though."
She glanced at the prices on the menu and her eyes widened. "Yeah. That explains why I've never eaten here."
"Don't worry. It's my treat. Remember, I owe you a dinner after all of my annoying questions."
"They weren't all bad. But I gratefully accept."
The dinner went very well. Pleasant conversation flowed, interrupted only by bites of spinach lasagna and chicken cacciatore and the occasional sip of water. The waitress was perfectly unobtrusive, speaking only to take their orders and refilling their water glasses only once. Everything went well.
As the meal wound down, they shared a slice of cheese cake and Jim found himself drawn to the reflection of flickering candlelight, dancing in Sherry's eyes. It reminded him of his desire to see her colorized. He just needed to find the right way to ask.
"Hey," Sherry said, trying to get his attention. "Are you still with me?"
He shook his head. "Sorry. I was zoning out there. I'm trying to think of a good way to ask something but I'm coming up empty."
"Just come out and ask. Come on. Don't be a wimp," she said, flashing an impish grin.
"A wimp? Okay. Challenge accepted." He paused.
"Well? My wimp detector is pinging."
"Fine! May I please colorize you?"
"What?" That made her pause.
"I keep trying to imagine you with color and it's driving me crazy. I want to know the color of everything that I haven't seen before and that includes you."
"Oh. Okay. I guess so. I mean, yes, you can colorize me. It'd save me from having to tell you all of my colors."
"Exactly," he said. "A picture is worth a hundred questions, or something like that."
"No," she corrected. "A picture is worth a hundred words, but adding color would make it more like a thousand."
"Even better. Shall we get started then?" He reached out his hand.
"Here?"
"Why not here?"
She cocked her head slightly. "Doesn't it take a long time to colorize a person?"
"Oh, yeah. I see what you mean. Even if I hold both of your hands, it could take well over half an hour."
"We shouldn't do it here then. We wouldn't want to get the evil eye from the waitress."
Jim laughed. "I don't think she has it in her but I get your point." He gave a quick look around to see how much the restaurant had filled up during their meal. "We don't want to take up space when the restaurant is crowded and people are waiting for a table."
"Exactly. So? Where should we go?"
"We could go back to the lobby of my apartment building."
"Not your apartment?" she asked, trying not to smile suggestively.
He blushed and looked down. "Um. I'm not sure about that."
"Hey. It's okay. You're shy. I get that. It's nice. You can colorize me in the lobby then. Let's go."
Jim paid the bill and the two left the restaurant to go back to the apartment building.

* * *

The drive seemed shorter on the way back to the apartment lobby. The two of them joked and laughed all during the drive and the laughter continued as they made their way back to the white sofa where they did the color vision test.
Their voices echoed slightly in the empty lobby until Jim took Sherry's hands. He went quiet and watched intently as color slowly seeped up her bare arms. His eyes never left her.
The way he watched her gave her chills. She likened it to a man dying of thirst in the desert and coming upon a water cooler. The water cooler could only dribble out a few drops of water at a time and the thirsty man just had to wait. The silence seemed even more severe given their recent joking around, but she respected his unspoken request for quiet.
When color began to move up her face, she noticed his eyes follow and she tried to make eye contact with him. He did finally look at her eyes as they colorized, but he didn't really seem to look into them. Instead, his eyes darted left and right as he took in the color of her hair. At that moment, she felt more like a lab specimen with Jim cataloging her colors rather than simply appreciating them. If only she could read his mind to prove her wrong.
If she could read his mind, she'd see him in a whole new light. He loved color, loved seeing her in color. Other than his reflection in the mirror, it was rare for him to see a person with color. He felt nothing but awe as he took in her colorful face. Her skin, hair, and eyes practically glowed with healthy looking color. Her subtle but beautiful makeup amazed him as well. All of the colors looked great together, more evidence of her color vision. She must be able to see colors to match them so well.
Several minutes after Sherry had been completely colorized, she finally spoke up. "Am I done yet?"
"What?" He quickly shook his head. "Sorry. I guess I zoned out again. What was your question?"
"I asked if I'm completely colorized yet. Well?"
He looked her up and down and slowly nodded. "Yep. All done."
"And?"
"And what? You look great. Thanks for letting me colorize you."
"Can I have my hands back yet?" She smirked.
"Oh! Yeah. Sure." He quickly let go of her hands and looked down at them, noticing that she wore fingernail polish. Even the color of her fingernails went well with her makeup and clothes, and he told her so.
She smiled. "Thanks. It's nice to be able to match colors. It's too bad no one else can see color. I see really horrible makeup all the time. I'm sure it looks good as shades of gray but not all colors look nice together."
Jim laughed.
"It's not really funny. I laughed at my girlfriends when they used makeup and now I don't have any."
He quickly turned serious. "I'm sorry. I didn't think of that."
"It's okay. Like I said, I laughed at first too." She sighed at the unpleasant memories of losing her friends.
"I guess you're right though. We shouldn't laugh. People can't help mismatching colors when they can't see them."
She nodded.
With the conversation turning serious, Jim asked another question. "I wonder something. Do you look any different to yourself now that I gave you color?"
Sherry inspected her hands and arms. "Nope."
"I was afraid of that. I hope that makes you think twice about getting the synesthesia plague." He gave her a faint smile, but the smile froze as something behind her caught his eye.
"Hey," she said suddenly. "You're not zoning out on me again, are you?"
He slowly shook his head.
Sherry followed his eyes to a bulletin board on the wall behind her and shrugged, turning back to face him. "What is it? What's wrong?"
"Holy shit," he muttered. "I see color."

* * *

Jim and Sherry held hands as they walked along the sidewalk. The sun hung very low in the sky and shadows stretched across the street and beyond. Colors dimmed in the fading light but that didn't diminish Jim's enjoyment of his color vision.
Everyone had actually experienced a form of color vision back when the whole planet glowed with color. That was quite different though. The glowing colors were beautiful but they made everything look somewhat cartoonish and unreal. It just wasn't the same thing as true color vision.
"I get that you're excited, but come on." Sherry started feeling a little neglected.
He slowly shook his head. "I can't believe all the colors. It's like everything was flat before and now it's all three-dimensional."
She sighed. "I wouldn't know," she told him. "I've been able to see everything in color for as long as I can remember. I figure I was born with it."
"Really?"
"Yeah. But I'm happy you like it."
He turned away, taking in all the colors around him, especially the sky. Just like Sherry had described was possible, a band of high clouds glowed with vivid colors to the southwest. He couldn't take his eyes off that sky.
The sky hadn't been touched by the planet-wide glowing incident. The incident only affected physical things directly connected to the ground. That meant for some disappointed passengers in planes that flew when the glowing color had been created. The planes and the people in them weren't connected to the ground so they stayed gray along with the sky, even after they landed. At least the relatively few remaining gray people got to see and appreciate the colors while they lasted.
Jim still held her hand -- with her permission after he begged to maintain contact with her and keep his color vision as long as possible -- but there was no apparent emotional connection, no chemistry between them, not from his perspective. He only had eyes for color.
Sherry tried to be patient with him. It was bad enough that he wanted to walk her home so he could hold her hand and keep color vision longer. She would've appreciated a drive home. But he wouldn't even talk. That drove her crazy and she started talking to herself.
"I can't believe I can give other people color vision," she muttered. "How could my mother not have gotten it?"
She tried to remember her mother touching her bare skin but couldn't remember any time where they would've touched long enough, not even when her mother bathed her as a little girl or held hands on a walk. They must not have remained in contact long enough. If they had, her mother would've gotten color vision. Sherry would've had someone who believed her.
"I can't wait to try this with her," she said.
Jim perked up. "Try what with who now?" he asked.
"Oh. You heard me?"
"Yeah. Sorry. I've been a little preoccupied. I mean, look at that sky!"
She looked up and smiled as she nodded her head.
"So?" he asked. "What were you saying?"
"I was saying that I can't wait to try giving color vision to my mother. It'd be easier than the color test."
"Yeah. It'd take a little longer than the test but no one could deny you have color vision after getting it themselves."
She nodded again, mentally flogging herself for not keeping the conversation going. Her mind kept going blank when she looked at him, and in those awkward moments, his attention wandered back to the sky and all the colors he was seeing.
They continued walking in silence, both in their own little worlds, both barely noticing when the sky darkened enough for street lights to start winking on. Sherry didn't pay close attention to where she was going and ended up subconsciously leading Jim down the tree-lined street where her parents lived. She abruptly jerked her hand free of his grip.
"This is far enough," she told him, heading toward the front door of her parents' house. "Thanks again for the dinner."
Sherry quickly made her way up to the porch, where she knocked lightly once, tested the doorknob and went inside when she found the door to be unlocked, leaving Jim with a stunned look on his face.
"Goodbye," he said quietly after the door closed. He shrugged before turning and hurrying back the way he came.

* * *

Sherry moved quickly through the old, one story house, looking for her mother. She said a quick hello to her plump, balding father watching television in the living room. He grunted a reply and she moved on to the small kitchen, where her short, slender mother stood in front of the sink washing a few dishes by hand.
"Hi, Mom."
"Sherry! What a surprise. Why didn't you call?" The last word died, on the older woman's lips after she remembered her daughter trying to get acute synesthesia by pressing a hyper phone to her ear. She looked down as she dried her hands on a towel, trying to hide her growing anger.
"Sorry. I was in the neighborhood and decided to drop in at the last moment. I hope that's okay."
Hearing the uncertainty in her daughter's voice, she paused, fighting back her dark mood. "Of course it's okay. Come here," she said, moving close to give Sherry a brief hug.
They moved apart and the older woman found herself full of questions. "I didn't hear a car. Did you walk? What brings you here? Is something wrong?"
"No. Nothing's wrong. Not really."
Her mother narrowed her eyes.
"I have a serious request but I don't want to give it away. Just humor me, please."
The older woman sighed. "I'll see what I can do. What's your request?"
"Can I have an hour of your time?"
Sherry sat next to her mother at an old, dining room table, with a veneer of wood on top and hollow metal tubes for legs. The chairs matched the table except the seats and small rectangular backs were thinly padded. Both women held hands on the table top and talked to pass the time.
It was difficult to carry on any sort of meaningful conversation. The mother couldn't help wondering why they were holding hands and the daughter couldn't help hoping for a positive outcome. Finally, after forty five minutes, the conversation ground to a halt for several awkward minutes until Sherry's mother couldn't stand it.
"Why are we holding hands, Sherry?"
"Just another fifteen minutes or so and I'll tell you. Just wait. Please?" She gave her mother a plaintive look that normally worked to get her way with her father. It was always hit or miss with her mother.
"Okay. Fine."
Conversation sputtered for the remaining time but they made it, and while still holding hands, the young woman directed her mother to look around at the kitchen. According to Sherry's eyes, the kitchen had a fair amount of color. Her mother should be seeing it by that time, but there was no unusual reaction.
Out of desperation, Sherry maintained the handholding for another few minutes before her mother had enough and pulled away.
"I have dishes to finish washing," the older woman said. "Now do you want to tell me what this is all about?"
Sherry looked around the kitchen, and in a small voice said, "You don't see anything unusual?"
Her mother's eyes narrowed again. "You mean like color? Is that what this is about? Because if it is, I've had enough." The older woman abruptly stood up and went back over to the sink to finish washing up. "Goodbye, Sherry," she said, keeping her eyes on the sink.
Sherry slowly walked out of the kitchen and left the house to go back to her modest, two bedroom apartment. It gave her plenty of time to think about her latest experiment. Apparently, she could only give color vision to someone who had color. That was a big disappointment to say the least. She tried not to dwell on it but ended up spiraling down into a major depression. It was a long walk home.

* * *

Jim made it to the flower shop thirty minutes before closing time. The narrow shop extended deep into the building, with a long table running down the center and several rows of shelves on the two side walls. The shelves were neatly decorated with small flower bouquets and the table had larger bouquets placed haphazardly, wherever they'd fit. Flowers and greenery were artfully arranged and looked nice, even when their colors didn't match together well. The florists did their job well.
He didn't pay much attention to the store when he first visited but he took everything in during his current visit. Colorful flowers were everywhere. He realized it might look a bit strange if he just wandered around, staring, so he thought to follow up on a virtual promise that he'd made during his previous visit.
He looked around at the various bouquets and with his color vision still intact, he selected one that had a good color mix. Picking it up and gently holding it by the stems just below the flowers, he looked for the on duty florist and found her near the back of the shop, arranging flowers.
"Hello," he said, smiling. "I told you I'd be back to colorize some flowers. I believe this bunch will be looking very colorful soon."
The young woman quickly stood up, smiling back at him. When she noticed that he was alone, her smile intensified. "Hey. Thanks. We're not open for much longer but I appreciate the gesture. It's nice to see someone follow through on something."
"Yes," he said, nodding. "Too many people say they'll do something and never end up doing it. It drives me crazy."
"For sure," she said.
"Okay. I just wanted to let you know I was here. It shouldn't take more than about ten minutes to colorize these." He held up the flowers, which were already beginning to turn color. The stems and leaves had a little green and the bottom edge of some of the flowers were starting to lose their gray tint. The only problem was that with his color vision, he couldn't tell. He had to guess at how long it would take to colorize the bouquet since he already saw it in full color. "I'm just going to browse a little while I wait," he added. "If that's okay." He'd already turned away from her to look at the flowers and their wide variety of colors. He pretty much ignored the florist after that.
The young woman frowned a little. "Sure. Go right ahead. And thanks again." She went back to her work, shaking her head.
As he said he'd do, Jim wandered around, taking in all of the colors. The flowers came in all colors of the rainbow and more. He couldn't get enough. He watched the small clock on the wall and when fifteen minutes had passed, he figured the bouquet must be fully colorized.
The young man went in search of the florist and found her, still in the back arranging flowers. "Hello again," he said, holding out the bouquet to her. "How does this look?"
She took the flowers from him and sighed. "They're beautiful. Thank you so much." She looked at him and smiled, but any effort to get his attention was wasted.
Jim kept staring at the flowers. He had to because if he looked at the young woman too long, he was afraid he'd laugh. Just as had happened to Sherry and her friends, Jim saw horribly mismatched makeup colors on the woman's face. He'd been able to mostly ignore her in favor of the flowers when he first arrived, but at that moment, he couldn't help notice her staring at him.
After an all too awkward moment, Jim darted out of the shop, calling out as he went, "I'll be back sometime to colorize more. Bye!"
"Goodbye," she said, slowly waving and then lowering her arm when she realized he couldn't see it.
The colorful man raced out of the shop and then back into the building. He almost ran through the lobby and took the elevator to save time. He couldn't wait to begin cataloging and organizing his various possessions by color.

* * *

Jim's color vision was gone the next morning and most everything looked dismal in shades of gray. Even looking in the mirror and seeing his colorized clothes and face didn't cheer him up. He could spend all morning trying to add color to everything around him but it wouldn't be the same, and it would all still fade to gray before too long.
The young man missed all the colors but what upset him more was neglecting to get any contact information from Sherry. He spent all Sunday morning mentally kicking himself while eating his cold cereal, doing chores, whatever. He tried to get into a book that he'd started reading recently and couldn't focus. His thoughts kept coming back to his new friend and how badly he'd treated her. She'd even given him clues, blatant clues, and he ignored them and her in favor of all the colors that he'd been seeing. Stupid. Understandable but stupid.
The nice weather continued to hold, though it wouldn't be as warm as the previous day. A cool, onshore breeze blew in from the nearby ocean to keep temperatures lower.
Dressing in jeans and a sweatshirt with a lone, howling wolf on the front of it, the young man got ready to leave. On impulse, he grabbed a banana on the way out of his apartment. He liked the color yellow and fruit would make a good snack later. He'd likely be gone for hours. He had a lot of walking and thinking to do.

* * *

It didn't take him long to reach Forest Park. He checked for Sherry and wasn't surprised to see that she wasn't there. It was a bit early in the afternoon and he wasn't ready for her yet anyway. Still, he had to check, just in case. He couldn't pass up a chance to meet her again.
Even if he didn't feel ready to meet her, he'd come up with a crude plan. After a long, sincere apology, he'd first beg for forgiveness and then beg for her phone number. With plan A done, he began to work on a plan B as he went off toward where he'd left the young woman last night.
He wasn't sure exactly which house she'd gone in. The encroaching darkness made it impossible to see house numbers. He remembered the street though. The colorful sky greatly distracted him but he had a good sense of direction and he remembered the tree-lined street.
The banana had long since colorized by that time, and looking at it made him smile. He couldn't help himself. He remembered comparing it to the sun yesterday, and he spent much of the next thirty minutes imagining that he held the sun in his hand, using it light up the world and his life. If only he could find a certain someone again.
The houses along the street all looked very similar but after walking up and down the street a few times, Jim felt fairly certain that he had the right house. He walked up to the front door and knocked.
An older woman soon answered, gasping at first before recovering enough to speak. Like the majority of the city residents, she wasn't used to seeing color, and she wasn't exactly fond of it either, especially considering her daughter's insistence on having color vision. "Yes?" the woman managed to say. "Can I help you?"
"Ah, yes. I walked a young woman named Sherry here last night and I was wondering if she was here. I've only known her for a couple weeks but I neglected to get any contact information from her."
"Sherry knows someone with color? Well, that's news to me."
"She didn't mention me? My name is Jim. Jim Vildon."
"No, Jim. She hasn't mentioned you and she's not here. I'm her mother but she's old enough to have her own place." The woman didn't extend her hand in greeting and instead started to shut the door.
"Wait! Please wait. Would you please tell Sherry that I was here, looking for her? She knows where I live so she can contact me."
"Fine. Now goodbye." The woman forcefully shut the door.
Jim could tell she didn't intend to tell her daughter about his visit. He hung his head and trudged back the way he came, though he did think to get the address of the house. It shouldn't be difficult to find the listed owners of the house. That would mean a last name for Sherry so he could try looking up her address. He didn't want to give up on finding her.

* * *

Sherry sat near the road on the lowest bench in Forest Park. She had her hyper phone pressed up against her ear and kept silent as Jim suddenly appeared and sat next to her. She wanted to say something, anything. Even a hello would do. But the words wouldn't come. He sat beside her, also silent, and they both watched people go by to pass the time.
A few minutes stretched into fifteen, and the silence grew awkward. She kept hoping that he'd say something to her first, and then the words would flow. At the very least, she expected an apology for the way he'd neglected her. Still, nothing changed. Jim kept silent and she kept her phone pressed against her ear, listening to the time being read off by some automated feminine voice.
After another handful of minutes, the colorful young man shook his head and stood up. "Sorry," he said, and after a short pause added, "Goodbye." Then he walked away, not looking back, just as he'd done before not so long ago. It was too bad that he didn't look back at her. If he had, he would've seen a tear trickle down her cheek and he might have gone back to ask if she was okay. It might have led to a much needed conversation where everything turned out okay.
Sherry, in her depression, heard Jim say goodbye to her and thought he meant for good instead of just for the day. The darkness in her heart interpreted everything in the worst possible way to reinforce her dark mood.
Only a single tear escaped her right eye. She wouldn't let herself cry any more than that. It took too much energy to cry. But lucky for her, depression didn't normally bother her for long. Even with virtually no friends and parents who didn't believe she had color vision, she could shake off any bad moods with a walk and then dinner and a movie by herself. It seemed impossible for her to stay down for too long, and she wasn't about to let the current situation with Jim keep her down. She just needed a change of pace.
An expensive black sports car drove by then, its high-powered engine purring like a giant tiger, and it reminded her of her sizable bank account, which continued to grow at a surprising rate, surprising to her anyway. She still hadn't found a good use for the money. Retail therapy would only worsen her mood, as it had countless times before. Shopping without friends wasn't any fun for her.
She got up from the bench and started walking home while thinking about what to do with her money. Investing it could make for a more comfortable retirement but that was way too many years away. It certainly wouldn't help her depression.
She vigorously shook her head and increased her pace a little. Exercise generally helped with depression. That's what she'd read somewhere anyway.
While still more than two miles from home, the walking started getting a little dull. The monotony of one step after another wore on her, but it also helped clear her mind. She fell into a calm state of mind, not happy but not exactly depressed either, and it led to her noticing a jet passing overhead. The noise from the low-flying jet caught her attention and held it long enough to give her an idea.
A trip? A trip!
The jet made her think of taking a trip to some other country, where she could forget all about her problems and reset her life. Her imagination ran wild with all of the possibilities, all of the colors of other cultures. With her sudden excitement, her depression didn't stand a chance. After doing a little research online, she'd find a travel agent and plan out a vacation. Having done little traveling, she didn't trust herself to do all of the planning, especially since she'd be going alone. She had some safety concerns, but she wasn't going to let anything ruin her fun.

* * *

Sherry sat in a small chair next to the desk of her new travel agent, an older woman who didn't wear much makeup, much to Sherry's relief. She didn't have to worry about breaking out in laughter at a bad makeup job.
The young woman had passed by the travel agency several times before she'd noticed it and stopped in. She'd pulled into the parking lot in front of a small strip mall and took several deep breaths to relax. Her upcoming three week trip had started causing her significant anxiety and it wasn't just about the dangers of traveling alone.
Taking three weeks off from work had caused a little stress. She didn't have three weeks of paid vacation, but she'd gotten her boss to agree to an extra week of unpaid time off. That wasn't too bad. Still, her nagging anxiety wouldn't leave her alone. It had took a lot of effort and a lot of deep breaths before she'd been able to force herself out of her car and across the parking lot. She'd kept looking over her shoulder all the way to the door of the travel agency.
Her travel agent seemed like a kindly woman, with a ready smile on her face and quick to offer helpful travel tips. She talked about many different places and knew a lot about all of them. It was obvious that the woman traveled a lot. It made sense, and it helped put Sherry at ease, at least for the moment.
Just wait until I'm alone in my car again though.
After specifying a generous budget and talking about travel packages, Sherry decided on a three week cruise. Cruise ships generally had a good safety record, and with some common sense, traveling alone shouldn't be a problem. If she had to, she could get a member of the crew to escort her to her room. The only thing left was to decide on a location for the cruise, but that didn't take long to sort out. The longer she talked with the travel agent, the more she kept coming back to the Caribbean, her second choice. She couldn't afford to tour the Mediterranean Sea for three weeks but she could just afford a cruise around the Caribbean for a couple of days shy of three weeks. The cruise itself wasn't super expensive. It was the taxes, fees and airfare to get to the jumping off point in Florida that pushed prices to the limit.
There wasn't a lot of conversation after the initial planning. Most of the time was spent waiting while the travel agent searched for the cheapest fares on an ancient computer.
Sherry looked around the small office space, marveling at all of the colorful souvenirs hanging on the walls and sitting on the desks of the travel agents. Not surprisingly, few of the colors matched well, but the colors were vibrant and eye-catching. She especially took note of the trio of African masks that hung on the wall behind her travel agent. Two of the masks fairly glowed with red, orange, and blue.  Being carved out of wood with no paint added, the dull color of the third mask made it less interesting at first, until the young woman noticed the pointed teeth and thin slits for the eye holes. The grim looking mask seemed to glare down at her, and she found her anxiety flaring to life.
"Are we done?" she asked the travel agent, her voice rising in pitch as she stood up and started walking out.
"Excuse me?" the older woman said. "Don't you want to...," she trailed off as she was interrupted.
"It sounds good to me. It all sounds good to me. I've gotta go now. Sorry."
"Don't you at least want a printed itinerary?"
"Just send it to me!" The young woman called from the door as she opened it to leave. "You've got my address, right?"
"Yes, but... okay," the travel agent said quietly to herself since the door had closed behind her latest client. She shrugged and looked back at her computer screen, muttering, "Thanks. Please come again."
Sherry trotted back to her car, quickly climbed inside and locked herself in. She took several slow, deep breaths to calm down while casting glances in the side and rear view mirrors. Her anxiety has returned, stronger than ever, and she still had no idea why.
"I'm gonna be okay," she told herself. "I'm gonna have loads of fun on my cruise and forget all about Jim."
Memories of her short time together with her former new friend flooded her mind and she just had one more word to say about it.
"Shit."

* * *

Sherry sat in the window seat of a jet, looking down on the city of Fort Lauderdale as the jet approached for landing. It wouldn't be long before she set sail for a nice, long cruise, but she didn't feel very excited at the moment. Unpleasant memories trailed along behind her all the way back to her home. She needed something more to distract her than a long flight in cramped seats.
Everyone's hands must have hovered over their seat belt clasps as the plane trundled along the tarmac toward its destination gate. As soon as the large plane stopped, the clicking of seat belts filled the cabin, quickly followed by people shooting up out of their seats to muscle their carry-on luggage out of the overhead bins.
The young woman never understood the way people acted in planes. They seemed impatient to board the plane and just as impatient, if not more so, to disembark. It wasn't just that they wanted to stretch their legs after being stuffed in a seat with little leg room for long hours. If she waited too long before she got up to get her own luggage, she'd get jostled and stampeded by people pushing down the aisle to get off the plane. It was almost as if everyone developed a sudden fear of flying or enclosed places.
She shook her head as she moved with the flow of bodies down the aisle. Her impending cruise should've had her feeling excited, at least a little, but all she felt was a growing unease that persisted on the short taxi ride from the airport to the ship.

* * *

Two weeks went by without spotting Sherry at Forest Park. Jim kicked himself for not getting her phone number every time he walked by the empty bench where he first met her.
He normally passed by the bench, quickening his pace to get home and brood in privacy as soon as possible. On that particular Sunday however, he plopped down on the bench and busied himself with some serious people watching. The warm weather brought out heavy crowds as usual and he hoped to forget all about a certain someone.
Several high performance cars annoyed him for a short time. Young men drove by the park, revving their engines as they tried to catch the eye of young women. It didn't work well but all it took was one smile in their direction and they'd be back.
Jim shook his head and focused on some dog walkers. A young man walked two Dachshunds on a collision course with a young woman walking a Rottweiler.
"This ought to be good," he muttered, having read that Dachshunds could be feisty little dogs, and they were known for not liking large dogs.
When the two dog walkers met, the woman squealed and bent down to pet the two small dogs. They wagged their tails, showing that they enjoyed the attention.
"What're their names?" she asked without looking at the young man.
The man didn't answer right away though. The woman's Rottweiler gave the man a good sniff and jumped up on him, licking at his face.
"Hey!" the man shouted.
The woman finally looked up and took control of her dog. "Sorry," she said. "Hercules is such a people dog."
"It's okay," he told her. "Schnitzel and Panzer like you so you must be okay. They don't like just anybody."
She tried to stifle a laugh and failed. "Schnitzel? Seriously? That's a cruel name for a wiener dog."
"Hey! Come on. They're Dachshunds, not wiener dogs. They're sensitive about that sort of thing." He smiled to show he was joking and added, "Besides, I didn't name them. They'd already been named and knew their names when I got them as puppies. They're very smart little dogs."
Jim watched in amazement as the woman decided to change directions and walk with the man. Both of them seemed to greatly enjoy each other's company. The dogs all got along too.
"Must be something in the air," the lonely man said, just before something startled him.
A new blip suddenly showed up on his special radar, and he didn't even have to shut his eyes to know. A pinging noise sounded in his mind and he somehow knew it was a loved one being added. Impossible! He'd never had any kind of notification of a new one being added before.
He swallowed hard and shut his eyes, using his ability to search a crude mental map for the new colored marker that would identify the new person. It didn't take long. There weren't all that many loved ones. After spotting the ninth and last uniquely colored marker from his list of known loved ones -- his mother's rich, light green swirl -- it took him less than a minute before he finally found the new one. It took a little longer than he expected though because he had to greatly increase the scale of the map. He didn't know that was possible. He just wondered if he could zoom out and it happened, and it was the only way to find the new marker, which hovered near an island somewhere in the Caribbean Sea.
"What the hell?" Jim blurted out, startling a young teenage boy who happened to be walking by. The boy quickly ran off down the street, not taking any chances. "Sorry!" Jim shouted after him.
The young man felt certain that he didn't know anyone in the Caribbean. His special radar had to have a fault somewhere. He shut his eyes and checked again.
Sure enough, the unique marker stubbornly remained near the same island. The marker for his new loved one swirled in blue and pale purple. He found it beautiful, and it caught his attention like nothing else. Not even people watching could compete with the swirling marker.
He sat, mesmerized by all of his markers for nearly an hour before he could pry his eyelids open and head for home.
Who is it? Who?
He truly had no idea who represented the newest marker on his special radar, though it should've been obvious.

* * *

The cruise didn't boost Sherry's mood much. Too much free time allowed for too much time spent alone with her thoughts. She spent most of her trip waiting to get somewhere, waiting to get off the plane, waiting for a cab, waiting for the cruise ship to fill with passengers, and the long wait for the ship to sail from one port of call to the next. While she waited, memories of Jim flashed unbidden and unwelcome in her mind, torturing her with regret and loneliness. Even worse was the anxiety that she'd felt in the travel agent's office. The anxiety abated after leaving the office but it crept back during the cruise, increasing in strength with each passing day.
The sightseeing distracted her a little at least. She welcomed each new place. The first stop was Nassau in the Bahamas. The capital city held a larger population than her own home city and was filled with wondrous sights and interesting tourist traps. The cruise didn't allow nearly enough time to see everything though. Snorkeling might have been fun if she didn't worry about losing track of time and missing the boat. She already had enough anxiety so she stuck with touring the city, starting with Government House.
The British Governor General of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas resided in Government House. She didn't care much about politics but she liked the building's 1930s neoclassical facade, painted in white and a light reddish color that would be known as pink in another few weeks. She walked around the building for a short while and ended up drifting along the downtown area, where she did a little window shopping and tasted the wares of a few tea rooms.
Everything seemed so full of vibrant colors; quite a change from back home, where colors were often much more subdued, even bland. In the tropics, the buildings, wall hangings, clothes, flowers, birds and more all demanded good, long looks. She loved it all until the short journey back to the cruise ship, when her anxiety flared up again.
After the first port of call, the anxiety started interfering with her sleep. She scored some non-prescription sleeping pills on board the ship and managed a dreamless sleep that kept her well-rested on the way to the U.S. Virgin Islands. After the second stop, she felt restless and on edge regardless of any mild sleeping medication. At the end of the first week, they'd reached Barbados and alcohol started tempting her. Rum sounded especially good to her, straight from the bottle.
"Not going there," she muttered as she passed a bar on the ship and heard several obnoxiously loud passengers who were enjoying endless rounds of mixed drinks. "Not if I can help it," she added quietly.
Sherry's distress eventually caught the eye of one of the ship's hostesses, an older woman named Debbie with gray hair and a quick smile. "Excuse me, Miss," Debbie said. "Are you feeling okay?"
Sherry looked up, feeling a little confused by the sudden attention. "Huh? Oh, yeah. Sure. Whatever. Have a nice day." She tried to pass the woman and found herself blocked.
"I'm sorry but I know 'not okay' when I see it. Please. Can I help in any way?"
"I'm not sea sick if that's what you're thinking. I just haven't been sleeping very well. I think I'll be okay. Really." She pushed by the hostess and continued to wander around the huge ship.
Debbie backed off for the moment but called out to Sherry. "I'll be around if you ever want to talk!"

* * *

Sherry didn't go ashore to Barbados or the next destination, St. Kitts. They both sounded like wonderful places but her sour mood wouldn't let her enjoy them. The services and amenities on the cruise ship didn't appeal to her either. She'd tried standing outside on the deck and the constant wind blowing in her face started bothering her. Not even a tropical breeze could cheer her up, so she ended up inside, sitting alone in one of the ship's many lounges. She spent the time trying to figure out what was causing her growing anxiety in air-conditioned comfort.
Debbie passed by the lounge where the young woman sat and happened to notice her. Once again, she stopped to speak with Sherry. "Hi again. Please forgive the intrusion but I neglected to introduce myself yesterday. I'm Debbie." She held out her hand to shake.
The young woman looked up at her and tried to smile but failed. She didn't shake Debbie's hand either, though she did manage to speak. "I'm Sherry."
"What's wrong, dear?" She had a sudden flash of intuition and sat in an adjacent chair. "Trying to forget someone?"
That got a sudden, strong reaction. "That's part of it," she snapped, then softened when she saw the older woman's kind eyes. "Something else is also happening though. I feel so anxious and I don't understand why."
"I'm not sure I can help you with that but it might help to talk it out."
"Okay. Maybe." Sherry looked skeptical. "Before I start though, what's our next destination? Shouldn't we be there by now? It's been over a day since our last stop."
"Oh. We're headed back to Fort Lauderdale. Didn't you check your itinerary?"
"Wait. What? Oh...," she trailed off. She hadn't checked her itinerary. Her travel agent sent one to her and she ignored it. Then something bothered her. "Why are we headed back so soon? It hasn't been three weeks. It's only been...," she trailed off again having lost track how many days they'd traveled.
"This is the tenth day of the cruise. You must have booked a second segment. Most of the longer cruises do that. The next segment starts at Fort Lauderdale and will travel to different islands."
"But why do we have to go back to Florida?"
"We don't get enough people to book a single, long cruise. It wouldn't be profitable to go on one long cruise with a lot less people so we create a longer cruise by putting two shorter cruises back-to-back with different destinations."
"Oh." Sherry slumped back down in her seat. It made sense even if it wasn't ideal. She didn't feel like going back to Florida. She wanted to get away from the States, though doing so didn't seem to be helping much. That made her think some more. She wanted to get away from home to forget about Jim -- not happening -- but the more she traveled, the more anxious she got. What was it about traveling?
Debbie looked at her. "What is it? You looked like you were about to say something."
"Yeah. I went on this cruise to forget about a man but the more I travel, the more anxious I feel."
"Do you suppose you might be anxious because you don't really want to forget this man?"
Sherry blushed. "There is something to that. But that's not the whole problem. Not by a long shot." A sudden thought popped into her head. She remembered the colorful African masks in the travel agency office and shuddered. The masks weren't all that scary though. Something else about them set her off. Then it hit her. It had to be their color. That was silly though. She saw everything in color. Everything, including Debbie's horrible eye makeup.
Badly matching makeup colors normally made Sherry laugh. Luckily, she wasn't in a laughing mood. That helped her concentrate on her memory of the masks. She thought about the bright colors and how they stood out but nothing else occurred to her.
She sighed and looked over at Debbie, who stared back with a look of motherly concern. "I think I should cancel the second part of the cruise. It's hopeless."
"Oh, dear. You won't get a refund if you do that."
"I don't care. I'm miserable. I just want to go home. I'd rather deal with the man I'm trying to forget than this oppressive anxiety."
"Okay. I understand. Shall I help you make arrangements to get home? I'll even see about trying to get you a partial refund if you like."
"If you would. That'd be great. Thanks."
Debbie got Sherry's full name and cabin number, then hurried off to see about canceling the second segment of Sherry's cruise.
The young woman watched the hostess leave and went back to thinking about her problems. After she got home, she thought about contacting Jim and giving him another chance. That almost brought a smile to her face. His mild obsession with color would likely fade with time as he got used to it. That meant more hand holding to give him color vision, something she looked forward to doing.
She actually did smile then as she turned and looked out the window. The clear, light blue sky and deep blue ocean filled her field of view, and the cool colors mellowed her out quite nicely, just before she heard what sounded like a loud train whistle. The extreme between the loud noise and her calm mood startled her. She quickly looked around inside the ship for the source of the noise and it stopped.
After several quiet minutes spent inspecting the interior of the lounge, she looked outside again and heard the train whistle. She experimented by looking inside and out for another minute or so and her face paled.
"Oh, no. Please, no."
The train whistle only sounded when she looked out at all the shades of blue. Seeing the huge expanse of blue triggered a sudden mixing of her senses and she knew why she'd been feeling so anxious. The riot of tropical colors on her trip must have been subtly reminding her that she'd been trying to get the synesthesia plague. All recorded case histories stated that the plague started with a loud sound after either seeing color or having a strong memory of seeing color. The blue color that stretched to the horizon had apparently triggered yet a new case. Hyper phones were actually discovered to be the main cause of the condition and color simply triggered it after prolonged hyper phone usage.
Sherry hadn't been using her hyper phone much over the past couple of weeks, but she'd certainly used it a lot not so long ago. She'd actually wanted to get the synesthesia plague, and she finally got her wish.

* * *

Getting the synesthesia plague was a serious matter, and if she had time to rethink her wish, Sherry would've thrown her hyper phone in the trash and never used it. Over the course of about four weeks, a victim of the plague would gradually lose control of all five senses. Sensory input would randomly erupt and mix to such an extreme that it would become impossible to function normally. Victims had to be kept in bed with sound kept to a minimum. They had to keep their eyes closed and could only be fed through an IV tube. Without a cure, the victim would become a virtual prisoner in their own body for the rest of their life.
Luckily, the world had found a cure, a very reliable one that had never been known to fail. It involved being colorized. Seeing oneself with color had always managed to cure a victim of the plague. They just needed someone to colorize them so they could see themselves with color.
It should be easy to cure someone who just came down with the disease. The symptoms would be mild enough that they wouldn't interfere with the cure. The specially formulated calming drugs that they used on long-term sufferers of the disease wouldn't be needed. Only a person with color would be needed.
Cruise lines commonly hired people with color to colorize decorations and various parts of the ship, and after Debbie returned from her errand to help modify Sherry's travel arrangements, she told Sherry that two people on board had color. They were contacted immediately to help with the cure.
The synesthesia patient sat on a couch in a lounge wearing shorts and a tank top. She was sandwiched between two people with color, one on each side of her. A short, friendly man to her left smiled and introduced himself as Lester. The tall woman to her right was named Francesca, or Frannie as she preferred. Frannie didn't smile much but she spoke in soothing tones as she tried to convince everyone that everything was going to be okay. Both of the colorful people were former victims of the plague and both got permanent color, as did everyone who was cured. They'd been colorized, saw themselves with color and kept that color permanently as part of the cure.
Debbie sat in an overstuffed armchair near the couch, watching and trying to encourage everyone with a tentative smile. She'd never seen a cure before and though she hid it well, she felt a significant level of excitement. She loved color.
"This'll be over in a jiffy," said Lester. "Just you wait and see." He didn't say much after that. He just reached over and laid one hand on Sherry's bare shoulder and his other hand on her bare thigh.
Frannie touched the same areas on the other side to give Sherry color in as short a time as possible. Touching different places would make the color spread from those places and meet in the middle, cutting the normal colorizing time roughly in half.
The two people with color had a lot of duties on the ship. They looked at the current situation as a brief break of sorts but they were anxious to finish the cure and get back to work. It took a long time to colorize large swaths of a cruise ship.
For her part, the young victim appeared fairly calm. She looked very serene with her eyes closed. Inside however, waves of anxiety washed through her mind. The first thing that occurred to her was the possibility of giving color vision to Frannie and Lester. If they touched her long enough to colorize her, she could give them color vision, just as she did for Jim. Whatever would they make of that, she wondered.
Color vision had taken Jim by surprise when he first had it, and he'd known it was possible. He'd believed Sherry from the start. So far, he was the only one who believed her.
She sighed.
She wasn't sure what would happen if the colorful pair got color vision, but she thought she could talk her way out of anything bad if necessary. That certainly wasn't the worst thing that could happen. One particular concern that outshone all others was her own color vision. She already saw herself in color. So how could she be cured? That was the big question. She'd already discussed the issue with Jim and didn't have an answer. She just had to hope that she'd be cured.
Frannie kept a running commentary and tracked the progress of the colorization. "About a third of the way done," she said after the first ten minutes. Another ten minutes or so went by and she spoke up again. "Two thirds of the way there." The closer they got to fully colorizing Sherry, the more excited Frannie got. When they finally finished, the tall, colorful woman jumped up off the couch and shouted, "Done! Now open your eyes, girl. You got color!"
Odd woman, thought Sherry, as she slowly opened her eyes. She looked down at herself and cocked her head. "Am I really done?"
"What kind of question is that?" Frannie asked, frowning. "Can't you see it?"
"Yeah. Sure. Thanks," Sherry said absently while watching Frannie and Lester for any strange behavior. They didn't seem to act like two people who suddenly got color vision. When she thought about it though, she realized that the two of them together gave her color in a relatively short time compared to Jim by himself. They didn't have enough time to get color vision from her.
Lester stood up and smiled down at her. "You have color. You should be cured then. Good. And now we need to get going. Still lots to colorize. This is a such a big ship!"
Frannie rolled her eyes. "He has such a talent for understatement. It's a huge ship and it's going to take us hours to colorize everything in time for our return to Fort Lauderdale. The cruise line likes to have a colorful send-off for the passengers."
"Yeah, well, thanks again," Sherry said.
The colorful pair nodded in return and left together. They'd been looking at Sherry's color, and as they left, they looked at each other while talking about their work plans. Even if they had color vision for the moment, it wasn't likely that they'd figure it out before their special gift faded. They were only focused on things that normally had color.
The lounge suddenly seemed very quiet and still, and Sherry felt a little surge of optimism. In the span of a few heartbeats, she felt brave enough to turn and look around to see if the cure actually worked. As soon as her head turned toward the large window behind her, she saw the vast expanse of blue and heard a howling wolf. The sound made her cringe.
"Are you okay?" Debbie asked. She'd been sitting quietly, watching and waiting for good news.
The young woman couldn't seem to engage her voice and simply shrugged. A faint grin briefly appeared on her face and quickly turned into a tight, horizontal line.
Once again, the hostess recognized a problem when she saw it. She looked concerned as she moved over to sit on the couch. "What is it, dear? What's wrong?"
A tear rolled down Sherry's cheek as she answered, "I still have it."
"What? The plague?"
"Yeah."
Debbie slowly shook her head. "Impossible," she whispered. "The cure is foolproof."
"Then I must be worse than a fool," the young woman said as she watched a swarm of neon red butterflies quickly fluttering through the lounge, leaving glowing tracers of light, "because I still have it."

* * *

A short while later in Sherry's cabin, Debbie sat on a short, narrow sofa, digesting the explanation for why the cure didn't work. "I don't believe it," she said. "How can you see color when you don't even have color? I mean, didn't have color, of course.  You've got it now."
The young woman sat on the edge of her bed, giving the hostess a rueful grin. "I have no idea how it works. I know it doesn't make sense. But I'll have some evidence for you soon."
"What do you mean?"
"If the cure worked, I'd have color permanently. Isn't that right?"
The older woman nodded.
"So if I fade back to gray, you'll know something went wrong. I won't be able to tell. I always see myself in color along with everything else. But when you see me lose my color, maybe then you'll believe me. It shouldn't take much longer before the color starts to fade."
She was right. Debbie watched with a combination of interest and dismay as Sherry's hands and feet turned gray. The line of gray traveled up the young woman's arms and legs, and within another twenty minutes or so, she was completely gray.
"Well? Am I gray again? The look on your face tells me I am."
The hostess just nodded in shock.
"Then you know I'm not cured."
Debbie stood up abruptly and rushed to the door. "You poor woman," she said as she fumbled for the door handle. "I'm so sorry." She quickly closed the door behind her and ran off to compose herself for her job.
Sherry stayed in her room, trying not to cry.

* * *

Back at Fort Lauderdale, Sherry stood with Debbie on the pier near the cruise ship. The huge ship effectively blocked the ocean breeze and both women found themselves wilting in the hot, humid weather. They quickly said their goodbyes so they could get out of the sun.
"Are you sure you don't want an escort?" Debbie asked one last time.
"My condition isn't that bad yet. I can handle the flight, thanks. And thanks again for all the help. I really appreciate it."
"Good luck," the hostess said, her last words to the young victim.
Sherry entered a taxi for the short ride to the airport. The strong scent of roses filled the back along with a green glow that covered the roof of the vehicle. She closed her eyes to minimize the synesthesia plague symptoms and endured the beginning of a long trip home.
She wasn't looking forward to telling her parents, and it wasn't just because of the prospect of a tearful reunion. They'd likely press her for another attempt at a cure, something that was doomed to fail and make her feel worse since it would be wasting a colorful person's time.
Thoughts of Jim popped into her head then. Getting him to attempt a cure might not be so bad. Then again, she imagined that having him try and fail would likely mean the end of any possible relationship with him. Not that she could have much of a relationship with anyone when her senses went completely haywire. She'd be a virtual zombie when that happened.
She sighed and spent most of her trip with her eyes closed. Not only did it minimize her symptoms. It kept her tears at bay.

* * *

For the past several days, Jim had spent much of his free time using his special ability. He'd kept an eye on his newest, purple-blue marker and wondered who it was. After a few days, he'd finally begun to suspect it was Sherry, but the location still confused him as the marker buzzed around the Caribbean Sea.
This new loved one, whoever she was, obviously went on a cruise, and Sherry's long absence could explain her new location. That left him with an equally perplexing mystery though. Why would she suddenly go on a cruise?
The poor, young man sat in his living room, wondering why he wasn't outside, enjoying another beautiful, late spring day. The summer solstice was next week. That meant even longer spells of nice weather would soon follow. He definitely wanted to get over his brooding to enjoy a normally pleasant but short Pacific Northwest summer. If only he didn't have color. Maybe then he wouldn't be so obsessed with it.
He sighed and got up, walking to the sliding glass door and opening it to go out on his deck. The fresh air and nice view made him imagine being on a cruise ship, looking down at the pier. He had to suppress the urge to wave at imaginary people as he began a cruise in the Caribbean, chasing after his new love interest.
Each colored marker that Jim saw with his special radar didn't normally have any personal details about the person that it represented. It only created a unique abstract identity and gave a location for the person. For some reason though, he thought of the new marker as representing a woman. The swirling mix of pale purple with bright blue seemed more feminine somehow. That's what made him think of Sherry in the first place. She was the most recent person that he'd met and he couldn't stop thinking about her. But in the short time that he knew her, he found it difficult to accept that he could've grown to love her.
As long as he felt in the mood to look for clues, he double-checked all of his markers again, not just the new one. Of all of his markers, his ex-girlfriend's was the only one that had three distinct colors, all swirling together. That made him wonder. The orange, green and white of his ex-girlfriend's marker weren't nearly as pleasing to his eye. They vaguely reminded him of a moldy pumpkin, yet they still seemed somewhat feminine to him. He wondered about the varying patterns on the markers and thought that perhaps the swirling was another clue. All of his female loved ones and his somewhat feminine uncle Kirk were the only ones who had markers with swirling colors. The rest of his beloved male family members had either solid colors or distinct blotches of two different colors.
With his special radar open to him, he found his eyes drawn again to his ex-girlfriend's marker. Cindy's marker. There. He used her name. It seemed easier to block her out of his thoughts if he didn't use her name. So much for that. The new marker made for an exception though. It might be okay to think more about Cindy, if only to compare her to Sherry and his new marker.
The newest marker intrigued him but his ex-girlfriend continued to have a strong hold on his heart. He couldn't help wondering if he'd ever be free of her. So far, he'd never lost a marker, only added them.
If it was possible to fall out of love with someone, it should be his ex-girlfriend. She showed a very ugly side of herself when she broke up with him. Not only did she have a horrible prejudice against color, she broke up with him by texting him with a vulgar, two word message. How cowardly and rude was that? She couldn't even break up in person. How could he still love someone like that?
Cindy showed up on his special radar in spite of their bad breakup. That was as much of a mystery as his new marker. Affairs of the heart were a mystery. If you loved someone, weren't you also supposed to be able to let them go? He once read something like that, but letting go of someone you love was much easier said than done. He thought that whoever talked about letting go was an idiot.

* * *

Another two days went by and Jim noticed that his new marker was nearly back to Florida. By the end of the second day, the same marker had reached Florida and then traveled much more quickly in his direction. Whoever it was had to be traveling by plane.
Something in the back of his mind whispered Sherry's name but he ignored it. He wouldn't believe it was her until the marker ended up clustered with the rest of his markers in the same city. Only then would he let himself believe. Only then would he track it down and confirm who it was.
That's one way to find out where she lives.
He was lying on the couch, trying to read a book to take his mind of things, but he ended up checking on the new marker every fifteen minutes or so, watching it move ever closer at a high rate of speed.
When the marker drew within a few hundred miles, the book ended up open and face down on the floor next to the couch. Jim was able to zoom in on his special radar, enough that his local cluster of markers looked like a multi-colored sun and the new marker looked like an asteroid on a collision course.
He found himself rooting for the marker to reach his city, even cheering out loud at one point. He looked around in embarrassment in spite of living alone and laughed at himself. The cheering continued.
When the marker reached within a hundred miles and still headed straight toward him, he got up and went out on his deck, waiting to see if he could spot a jet that corresponded to the location of the marker. If he did manage to spot the jet, he thought about driving to the airport and watching for Sherry. He always said that airports were great places for people watching. He'd get a little people watching in and, with his special ability, he'd be able to home in on whoever was represented by the new marker.
It has to be Sherry. Come on, Sherry!
In addition to rooting for the marker to land at the nearby airport, he hoped it would be Sherry. He had so much to say to her, so much to apologize for. He felt sure they'd be able to patch things up and move on. Together.
He never did spot the plane but he could tell that it landed at the local airport. Within only a couple of minutes, he found himself driving toward the airport. He parked and ran toward the location of the marker just as it was leaving the terminal building.
It was Sherry! He was right! He wanted to cheer, to call out to her, but something was wrong. Something was very wrong. He saw her mother holding hands with her, and hanging back a little, followed an angry looking older man who might have been her father. The two women looked like they'd been crying, and even worse, Sherry kept her eyes closed, letting her mother lead her.
A sudden gut feeling told him that Sherry must have finally got the synesthesia plague, and his gut was never wrong.
He backed off and let them leave without meeting them, promising himself that he'd offer his services to colorize her and try to cure her tomorrow. Definitely tomorrow, after a horribly sleepless night.
Shit.

* * *

The next day, Sherry stayed in bed at her apartment and let her mother pamper her. She clung to every normal sensation, treating it as her last.
Lying on her back, she kept her eyes closed and tears still pooled at the corners of her eyes, earning a long, awkward hug from her mother. She'd been crying a lot lately.
On the flight home, the incessant engine noise triggered all different sensations and very nearly drove her crazy. She cried from relief and near hysteria as the plane landed. When her parents picked her up at the airport, her mother could easily see that something was very wrong and it wasn't long before more tears fell as Sherry described the failed attempt at a cure for her newly acquired affliction. Her life seemed to be one long cry after another. And she had no one to blame but herself.
Oddly enough, blaming herself helped distract her from her plight. It angered her and got her in the mood to fight. She wasn't going to lay down and give up.
She chuckled at the irony, given that she was currently lying in bed.
Her mother had just entered the bedroom with tray of snacks and raised an inquiring eyebrow. The gesture was wasted though. Sherry had her eyes shut, so the older woman voiced her question. "What's so funny?"
"Oh, nothing, Mom. I'm just trying to psych myself up to fight this."
"Really? You've got a strange way of doing it."
"Yeah," the daughter said, then shivered when she suddenly felt a strong, cold wind. She waited until the faux sensation passed before continuing. "I'm afraid I don't know what to do though. It's kind of hard to concentrate."
The older woman laid the tray at the foot of her daughter's bed and gently sat down in a small, wooden chair that creaked a little from the added weight. The noise caused Sherry to cringe a little.
"Sorry, dear," she told her daughter.
She tried to minimize noise. Unfortunately, any sound including conversation caused problems. She kept conversation to a minimum too. Even words became unpleasant when they triggered all sorts of other random sensations, some of which could be extremely unpleasant. Still, they had to talk at least a little. They had to come up with a plan of action. Sherry was right. They couldn't just give up, but they also couldn't find a cure without help. That much was obvious.
"We need help, Sherry. We need to reach out to everyone, to the world if need be. There must be someone with color out there who has a special ability that can cure you."
"Yeah." The young woman paused as the sound of her own voice triggered the odd taste of egg yolks and ginger ale together in her mouth.
"I'll see to it in a couple of days, after your symptoms get a bit worse. Please forgive a selfish mother for wanting to spend some quality time with you before, you know."
"Yeah," Sherry repeated, following up with, "Ouch!" as she felt the scratching of several thorns on her legs. It reminded her of when she tried running through a small patch of blackberry vines when she was a girl.
The synesthesia plague didn't hold back. Pain, pleasure and everything in between could randomly pop up at any time. It came as a surprise when she heard knocking at her door and found out that she'd heard correctly. She didn't trust her hearing. She didn't trust any of her senses any more.
"Someone's at the door," her mother said. "Hang on."
The woman went to the entry way and opened the front door of her daughter's apartment to find a colorful young man standing in front of her. "Oh," she said. "It's you."
"How nice," Jim said sarcastically. "You remember me."
"I don't remember your name, but yes, I remember your face. Can I help you?"
"Probably not. I came to help Sherry. And just to be polite and civil, I'll remind you that my name is Jim." He didn't hold out his hand to shake.
"You're right, of course. We can still be civil. I'm Marta. And I'm closing the door now." She started swinging the door shut.
"Wait!" He put his hand out to block the door. "Wait a second. I came to cure Sherry. Or at least try."
Marta sighed. "It's already been tried. It doesn't work."
"Oh." Jim's face fell. "So does that mean you finally believe she has color vision?"
"What?" The woman paused to think. "That's why the cure didn't work?"
"Didn't Sherry explain that?"
"No. She just said she was colorized and the cure didn't work. She didn't explain why."
Jim frowned. "Because she didn't think you'd believe her. She already sees herself in color so she doesn't see anything different when she's colorized. She and I wondered about that. Evidently, the cure is a little more complicated than anyone realized." He paused and quietly added, "You probably think she's just faking the plague now."
The woman scowled. "That never occurred to me. Even though I thought she faked having color vision, I'd never think she'd fake something as serious as the synesthesia plague. I know my daughter better than that."
A voice suddenly startled them both. "Thank you, Mother. Hello, Jim." Sherry quietly spoke to them from the hallway just outside her bedroom.
"Hey!" he cried. "Hi!" He almost took a step inside but the look on Marta's face stopped him cold.
The young woman winced at the sound of his voice.
"Not so loud," Marta hissed. "Sounds aggravate her condition."
"Sorry," he said quietly. He wanted to tell the protective mother that he was well aware of how bad the synesthesia plague symptoms could be but he had something else to say, something even more important.
Before anyone else could say anything, Sherry spoke up, "I can't be cured, Jim. At least not the normal way. And I know your special ability...," she paused a moment, gagging on the taste of spoiled mayonnaise. "Sorry," she said. "Your special ability can't help me. Now please go. I don't want you to see me like this."
"But...," Jim started to say to her.
Sherry turned and went back into her bedroom, shutting the door behind her.
"You heard her, young man," Marta told him. "Time to go." She shut the door in Jim's face.
"But I love you," he whispered to the closed door.

* * *

The hunt for a special cure began later that same day. Jim's visit had greatly upset Sherry so Marta decided not to wait. She reached out to several web sites, explaining the situation with her daughter, but when she got to the part about Sherry having color vision, no one would believe her. People accused her of scamming and the world snubbed her. The hunt sputtered and died.
After more crying, Sherry made a suggestion that showed promise at first. She had her mother use a new alias and try different web sites, where she posed a hypothetical scenario. What if a synesthesia plague victim saw things in color? Would it still be possible to cure that victim? If so, how?
Some people took the scenario as a serious challenge, but they never came up with any good answers and the help never lasted long. Someone would come along that knew of Marta's initial plea and exposed her as a fraud, saying that she'd soon start asking for donations to help an imaginary victim. Not even the most passionate denial could help her case by that point. Color vision was unheard of. It had to be impossible so Marta was branded a fraud.
Mother and daughter followed up with a search for colorful people who had any sort of healing ability, but that went nowhere too. It had been thought of and tried before. No one with any healing ability had been able to cure someone with the synesthesia plague. It might not have mattered anyway. They realized that healers would be much sought after and would be too well protected to gain access to them.
A cure for Sherry seemed hopeless.
Marta didn't give up though. A mother couldn't give up on her daughter, so she went to the spare bedroom and sat at her daughter's computer desk. "There must be some special ability out there that can help," she said to herself. The rest of her day was spent searching for and reading through lists of people with special abilities.
In the meantime, Sherry stayed in bed and found creative ways to wallow in self-pity. She went beyond simply blaming herself for getting the synesthesia plague and held a trial for herself in her imagination. The poor woman was not only the defendant, she became the prosecution, judge, and jury. Everyone in the courtroom had her face, and they all found her guilty after a lengthy trial. It might have seemed like a masochistic exercise except for one thing. In her mind, she had control. Her senses couldn't go haywire in her imagination, and the lack of symptoms gave her some small measure of relief.

* * *

After his short visit with Sherry, Jim drove straight home. The drive home didn't take nearly as long as it did to find Sherry's apartment complex. On the way to Sherry's, he'd pulled over and stopped several times to check his special ability and zero in on her location. He'd had to shut his eyes for a short time to use his ability and he couldn't very well drive with his eyes shut.
When he got home, he hurried to his computer and began skimming through articles about the plague. He had a lot of research to do, starting with a detailed history of the cure for acute synesthesia, as the plague was formally known. Unfortunately, the articles prompted unpleasant memories of his own experience. His symptoms had gotten fairly bad since he had the plague for nearly three weeks. The cure had been discovered shortly before he got it but those with color had been in short supply in his area. He had a long wait.
Luckily for him he had a loving family to patiently care for him while he waited for someone to cure him. In a way, it reminded him of his early childhood. That part of it was nice. The pampering didn't make up for the symptoms however. They were pure horror.
He shuddered and vigorously shook his head, refusing to revisit those horrible memories. There was someone he loved who needed help, someone who he wanted to spare the horror of plague symptoms.
In the fifth article that he came across, he read about a woman named Jill Wixley, who happened to be the first victim to be cured. She'd ended up at a government laboratory where she'd been instrumental in figuring out how the cure worked. Her special ability made it possible to cure long-term sufferers of the disease and doctors were able to create a combination of drugs that could mimic the effects of Jill's ability.
The article made him remember that soon after his own cure, he'd wanted to talk to Jill about how she'd discovered the cure. It was just mild curiosity at the time however, and he soon lost interest when he couldn't find any way to contact her.
Within a year after her cure, Jill had put up a website that she used as a contact point, and through it, people could request a public appearance from her. The appearances mainly took place at large health organizations and schools, where she gave an hour long speech about her experiences with acute synesthesia. After her speeches, she collected a modest fee and always disappeared back to wherever she lived. She seemed to be a very private person.
Jim's curiosity about the discovery of a cure returned as he read about Jill, and it wasn't purely motivated by wanting to cure Sherry. He truly was curious. When he focused on the cure and how it worked, it made him wonder. Color made him wonder.
Color was so strange and beautiful and wonderful. He couldn't understand how people could hate it, especially with the even more wonderful special abilities that came with permanent color. No one could explain how special abilities worked. No technology existed that could detect or measure anything related to the working of those abilities. They might as well be magic.
Magic. Love is magic, and if there's a way to save Sherry, I'll find it.
Special abilities had to be the answer to Sherry's problem. He just had to find the right ability, the right person. No healing abilities had been able to cure the plague. A few colorful people with various healing abilities had tried to cure plague victims to no avail. It wasn't until Jill Wixley managed to see herself colorized that she was cured, and her special ability helped cure others.
Jill's ability to calm people made it easier for them to see themselves with color when they were colorized. Her ability essentially altered the victim's state of mind somewhat like the plague itself altered a victim's mind, and it made him wonder if Jill's special ability might be enough to cure Sherry. The cure worked for everyone else. Sherry just needed a boost of some kind, and maybe a little good luck.
The world had gotten lucky to get a cure for acute synesthesia. When Jill Wixley was cured, it was purely by accident. Another woman with color had colorized Jill as an experiment and Jill opened her eyes to see herself with color. At the time, the two women hadn't realized exactly what had happened, but they'd kept trying and eventually figured out what needed to happen for a cure. They'd saved the world from a truly disastrous fate as the majority of the world's population had used hyper phones and had the potential to get the synesthesia plague. Without a cure, the severe drain on resources to deal with millions of victims and the ensuing panic would've caused the collapse of civilization.
Jill had earned herself a place of distinction in world history. Her cure had been accidental but it was her tenacity and courage to keep after the cure that had made her a heroine. She humbly maintained that anyone would've done it and she tried to avoid the limelight. Finding her could prove difficult.
A quick look at her website showed that nothing had changed. She had two speeches scheduled for the rest of the year with the soonest happening in early September, more than two months away. He couldn't wait that long. He couldn't stand the thought of Sherry becoming fully incapacitated and suffering like that for weeks on end.
He started composing a message to send to Jill but stopped halfway through when he got to the part about Sherry having color vision. He had trouble thinking of a way of soliciting Jill's help without explaining why Sherry couldn't be cured, and that made it unlikely that he'd even get a reply. Few if any people would believe color vision existed. He considered himself a big exception for believing it as easily as he did, and he still had doubts until he saw color everywhere. Only his attraction to Sherry made him open to giving her a chance to prove it.
If he could get someone to colorize Sherry and touch her long enough, they'd get color vision. Then they'd believe. But he couldn't figure out how to get someone to give her the chance to give them color vision.
He continued typing his message to Jill, telling her simply that Sherry had been colorized, saw herself with color and yet wasn't cured. Keeping the message short and to the point seemed good enough. Color vision didn't necessarily have to be mentioned, though he doubted his message would satisfy Jill. He imagined her asking for more details and dreaded it.
"This is stupid," he said to himself, referring to the fact that he sat at home, trying to get help all by himself. He couldn't help Sherry by himself. Jill had help, lots of help by all accounts, and if he couldn't get Jill's help, he'd find someone else.
More ideas would be nice too. That made him wonder about Sherry's mother, who had to be in the same position he was. It was likely that the two of them were the only two who believed Sherry. They really needed to work together to improve their chances.
After sending his message to Jill, he left within minutes, hurrying on his way back to Sherry's apartment.

* * *

With the route fresh in his mind, it didn't take long for him to arrive back at the apartment complex. He ran up the single flight of stairs and forcefully rapped on the door with his knuckles, waiting. The door opened within seconds.
"Back again?" Marta said, looking tired.
Jim looked a little wary but held his ground. "So far, we're the only two who seem to be looking for a cure for Sherry and I'm not having a lot of success. I'm guessing you're having the same problem."
Her eyes widened in surprise, and she paused a moment before saying, "Yes, I'm afraid you're right. I haven't had any luck and my husband isn't any help. He's got... issues. So it would seem we're the only two people who care."
"I'm sure more would care if they could see Sherry," he said softly. "But anyway, is it okay if I come in? We might make better progress if we work together."
"I'm sorry," she finally said, moving out of the way and gesturing for him to come in. "I've gotten too cynical in my old age. Altruism surprises me these days."
He stepped inside, looking for and eventually heading toward the living room with Marta following. "I'm not really being altruistic," he told her.
"Oh?"
"Didn't Sherry tell you about my special ability?"
"No, she didn't. Why?"
He sighed, sitting in an overstuffed chair next to a matching sofa. "This is a little awkward, but here goes." He took a deep breath. "I'm able to keep track of all of my loved ones. I have a special radar that shows me the location of everyone who I truly love. That includes an ex-girlfriend as well as family."
Marta's eyebrows raised a little as she sat on the sofa. "Okay. That's... interesting."
"There's more," he said. "Not long ago, a new person showed up on my radar. Imagine my surprise when that person was near an island in the Caribbean. I don't know anyone in the Caribbean."
"Wait. You mean it's Sherry?"
"Yep. I love your daughter. I wasn't sure it was her at first. She didn't tell me she was going on a cruise." He paused. "And I still don't understand why she left so suddenly," he added before continuing. "Anyway, I watched the movement of my new loved one and figured out whoever it was must be on a cruise. It took me far too long to realize it was Sherry. I wasn't completely sure until my radar showed me that my new loved one arrived back here. I raced to the airport and saw her with you. I noticed her eyes were shut and knew the worst had happened."
"Did you know she was trying to get the plague?"
"Yes," he told her, getting a little angry. "I talked about it with her and tried to talk her out of it but she was pretty insistent. Having no one believe you for so long would make anyone desperate, I think."
A tear leaked from Marta's right eye. She absently rubbed at it and more began to fall.
"Hey," he said, softening. "It's understandable. Color vision is hard to believe unless you experience it for yourself."
She sniffed. "What? You mean she gave you color vision?"
"I colorized her. I wanted to see what she looked like in full color. And at the same time, without either of us knowing, she gave me color vision. It's temporary like the color I gave her, but it's definitely real." He sighed. "And it's awesome."
Marta looked away. "She tried that with me."
He cocked his head. "You mean she tried to give you color vision?"
She turned back to face him. "Yes, but it didn't work. We held hands for over an hour but I didn't see any color."
"Hm. I guess she can only give color vision to people with color. That's too bad but it still might help. If we can give color vision to anyone with color, I'm sure they'll be all too happy to help. The trick is getting them to come here and try."
"Yeah. That's tricky all right."
They both paused in thought for a short while, brainstorming for ideas on how to help Sherry and not getting very far. Jim fell back to his earlier comment that seemed to have gotten lost while they'd filled each other in on recent events.
"So, yeah," he said. "I love your daughter. I wanted to talk to her at the airport but I gave you both a day together before I came over to see if I could help." He paused again and finally said, "That's the full story. That's why I'm here."
Marta gave him a faint smile. "Thank you, Jim. I'm sorry I wasn't nicer to you before. I have to admit. I'm not very fond of color."
He shrugged and she continued.
"You haven't known each other all that long but love has its shortcuts. Sherry told me a little about you since she got back, enough to make me wonder now if the feeling might be mutual."
He smiled. "Ah. So there's hope."
Marta shrugged. "If we can find a cure."
His smile quickly faded. "Right."
Marta went to check on Sherry then. She let her daughter know about teaming up with Jim and they had a short discussion about him. The same conditions applied. Jim wasn't allowed to colorize Sherry to try to cure her. He wasn't to see her at all, but she welcomed any other kind of help he could offer. She knew that she needed all the help she could get.
After their little mother-daughter talk, Marta returned to the living room, where she and Jim shared what little progress they'd made and discussed ideas. As Jim had said earlier, they couldn't get anywhere without getting more people with color to visit Sherry. They had to get people to colorize her to try to cure her while getting color vision at the same time. As soon as more people with color got color vision, they'd understand why she couldn't be cured, and maybe, just maybe, one of them would either have or know of someone who has a special ability that could help her.

* * *

After an hour of getting nowhere, Jim and Marta took a break, and Jim's hyper phone soon began to vibrate, announcing an email. Jill had replied to his earlier email and his hand shook as he opened the message to read it.
Marta was in the kitchen at the time, digging through the fridge for snacks and drinks. She came back to find a distraught young man. "What is it?" she asked him. "What happened?"
"I got an email from Jill, the woman I told you about."
"You mean the first plague victim to be cured?"
"Yeah. Her. I emailed her earlier today as I told you and she just replied. It isn't good news however. She said she isn't biting. Someone warned her there was a scam about a plague victim who can't be cured. She thought I was just trying to get money out of her and actually scolded me for it."
"Shit," Marta said quietly. "It's my fault. Sorry."
"You couldn't have known. I'm sure you meant well."
"Still. I can't help being upset over it. And it doesn't help that I keep imagining what would happen if people with color all start believing in Sherry's color vision. I can easily see people pretending to help her just to get color vision."
"Wow. You're right."
Marta looked a little confused. "What do you mean?"
"You are too cynical," he said and then laughed.
She narrowed her eyes but smiled just the same. "Hey," she said. "I just had a thought. If people think we're trying to scam them, maybe we can get them to change their minds if we can show them we're not after their money."
"Maybe," he agreed. "But how do we do that? I'm sure Jill has blocked my email address by now."
"Then we use mine. Come on. Let's put on our sincerity hats and get writing."
"Sincerity hats? Seriously?"
She gave him an embarrassed smile. "Just some well-meaning creativity from my early stabs at motherhood. Never mind the metaphor. It's time to focus."
"Right."
While they snacked, they put their heads together to write a passionate plea for help along with strong assurances that they weren't interested in money. They just wanted a cure. It took them over an hour before they finished polishing it, and just to be sure, they printed it out and Marta read it aloud to see how it sounded to Jim.

Jill,

I want to make sure you understand that I don't want any money 
from you. I just want my daughter to be cured. I need help and I'm 
asking you to please try to cure her.

Please consider that there might be a plague victim who can't be 
cured in the usual way. It doesn't matter why the cure doesn't work. 
If that person can't be cured, their life will essentially be over.

Yes. I confess that I've been all over the Internet, trying to get help 
for my daughter. I've been accused of fraud but I've never once 
asked for money. Like I said, I don't want money. I just want my 
daughter to be cured. Please. I beg you. Try to cure her.

One last thing that I mentioned in several blog posts. My daughter 
does have color vision. I didn't believe her for the longest time but 
I believe her now and I'm not the only one. Someone with color 
believes her too. He said that he colorized her and when he did, 
she somehow gave him color vision. We can prove my daughter 
has color vision if you just give us the chance.

Marta - a very concerned mother

Jim nodded his satisfaction and they then worked together to come up with a subject line that should get their message past any spam filters and hopefully appeal to Jill at the same time. They came up with "Concerned Mother" and called it good.
Marta sent the email but they didn't waste time waiting for a reply. They moved on, going to the spare bedroom to surf the Internet for more special abilities.

* * *

Jim stood behind Marta, who sat at an old wooden computer desk. He read over her shoulder a moment and then paced back and forth in the small room, going over what he read.
"I don't think Ali's ability would help," he finally said, referring to the colorful woman's profile on the computer screen. He returned to stand behind Marta.
"Why not?" she asked.
"Her extreme good luck only seems to relate directly to her. She can't transfer it to someone else and I don't see how finding a cure for Sherry could directly benefit Ali."
The woman sighed. "You're right. I was hoping, but you're right."
"Yeah. There are so many weak and useless abilities. Only a few are really powerful and it doesn't look like they can help either."
"We'll just have to keep looking. We can't have seen them all yet. There are millions of you people in the world. One of you has to have an ability that can help my daughter."
He didn't like the way she referred to his having color but he held his tongue. When Sherry was cured, she'd have permanent color and Marta would likely adjust to having color in her life.
They went back to scrolling through a summarized list of special abilities when Marta's hyper phone buzzed with a new message. The small device sat on a near corner of the computer desk and the woman looked at it as if it was a snake about to bite her.
"Aren't you gonna read it?" Jim gently encouraged her. "Come on. Please?"
"Yeah. Sure." She gingerly reached for it and brought up the message.
"Well?"
"It's from Jill," she said, her voice quavering. "Here," she thrust her phone at him. "You read it. I'm too nervous."
He took the phone and skimmed the first paragraph. "It worked!" he shouted. "She apologized for not believing us before and... hang on." He finished reading the message. "Well that's a little embarrassing."
Tears of relief rolled down Marta's face. "What? What's embarrassing?"
"We didn't give her an address. She's asking for an address and plans to leave as soon as possible. She'll catch the next flight or drive if she has to but she's coming."
He handed the phone back to her and she quickly sent back Sherry's address. After another reply from Jill, they found out she was a few states away and would be flying. She'd send details after she booked a flight so they could pick her and her boyfriend up at the airport, if it wasn't too much trouble, she added.
"Too much trouble?" Marta said to her phone, laughing a little hysterically.
Jim looked away and tried not to lose his composure. When he turned back, he found the woman staring at him.
"It's still no guarantee, is it?" she asked him.
"No, it's not. But it's more hope than we had thirty minutes ago."
They both nodded and didn't say anything for a short time, lost in their own thoughts where they imagined Sherry being cured.
Jim finally spoke up. "I need to get some stuff done at home. Are you going to be okay if I leave now?"
"Yeah, sure," she said, nodding. "I'm a little hungry but other than that, I'm fine."
"Now that you mention it, I'm hungry too. How about I get something and bring it back before I go home?"
"Really? If it's no bother."
"You fed me snacks earlier so it's the least I can do. I know a fine little Italian restaurant that's not too far away. They don't deliver but I can get takeaway. I know Sherry really liked it."
They checked the online menu for Giovanni's restaurant and Jim remembered that Sherry had ordered the spinach lasagna. He suggested getting that for Sherry but her concerned mother wasn't sure.
"It's only what, her second day of having the plague? She should be able to mostly appreciate a good meal." He didn't mention that he hoped it would spark fond memories of him, but he thought about it.
"Okay," Marta relented. "I'll have one too then while you're at it. It sounds good."
The colorful young man smiled. "Okay then."
He called the restaurant and soon took off to go pick up the food, thinking hopeful thoughts that even included getting along well with Marta as a future mother-in-law.

* * *

The next day, early in the afternoon, Jim went to pick up Jill and her boyfriend at the airport. He went in place of Marta so she could stay home and watch over her daughter. Sherry refused to let herself hope for a cure and she had them worried.
Dark gray clouds hung low over the runways but didn't impede the flow of air traffic. Neither did the light rain that began to fall just before Jill's plane landed. The weather did affect the moods of the passengers however. It didn't matter that it was a warm summer rain. Most of the people who filed out of the plane wore a distinctly grumpy look on their faces.
The colorful man didn't let the wet weather and grumpy people faze him. He watched everyone go by, dragging luggage behind them at various paces. The variety of the luggage fascinated him nearly as much as the people. Nearly every bag had a distinct pattern of black and white to make it easier to identify in the baggage carousel. He saw a white case with black spiderwebs, white lightning bolts on black, and a multitude of abstract designs that caught his eye.
Several interesting if odd works of art graced the baggage claim area, from glass cases with small abstract sculptures to small planes that hung over a huge, bright open area at one end of the airport. One wall of the open area curved in a quarter circle and extended several stories high. Both the ceiling and the wall were mostly windows held together by a white framework of tubes and narrow beams. Even with the cloudy, wet weather, the place seemed bright and cheerful.
People sat at small tables under the two hanging planes. A few of them talked or nibbled at snacks but most of them had their eyes glued to their hyper phone displays, ignoring the impressive sight above them.
Jim had entered the airport near the hanging planes just to see them again. In his fascination with people, he sometimes neglected to look at anything else. He'd had a good look and then moved along toward the baggage carousels.
After a reasonably short wait, a flash of color gave away the pair to be picked up. Jill came first, followed by her colorful boyfriend, a tall, muscular man who looked like he'd have no trouble protecting his girlfriend. The man had an intense stare, as if constantly assessing the threat potential of everyone and everything around him. When he directed his stare at Jim, it sent shivers of dread down the smaller man's spine.
The suddenly nervous young man focused on Jill instead. He slowly approached her, recognizing her from her photo on her website, even though the headshot was in black and white.
"Hi, Jill," he said. "I'm Jim. I'm here to pick you guys up."
"Oh. Thanks, Jim." She stopped briefly for introductions. "This is Steve, my boyfriend."
The two men gave each other a subtle nod but didn't shake hands.
Jim turned back to the colorful woman. "Do you have any checked-in baggage?" he asked.
"Nope," she said. "Just this little guy." She gestured to the small, hard-shell case that she'd been pulling behind her on its tiny wheels. It was mostly white with small black spots scattered all over it, making it look like a compact Dalmatian.
"Well then," Jim said as he turned to go. "This way to the car, and sorry in advance. We have a little bit of a hike through the parking garage ahead of us."
He heard muttering and stopped suddenly to look back at Jill, wrestling her carry-on bag. One of the wheels seemed to be jammed. "Need any help with that?" he asked her.
"I got it," said the tall boyfriend, who lunged for the offending bag and grabbed it away from Jill with practiced ease. He didn't carry a bag of his own.
"Steve!" she said, playfully swatting at his arm. "You almost took me along with it."
He waggled his eyebrows at her. "Maybe next time," he told her.
She stifled a giggle and the three of them continued the rest of the way in silence.
Jim had a faint smile on his face as he led the way.
Love is definitely in the air. I only hope Sherry and I will have a chance to be together.

* * *

The group arrived at Sherry's apartment to find a very anxious mother sitting on the concrete stairs outside. She chewed her lower lip and had her legs crossed. Her upper leg bobbed wildly with nervous energy.
"Finally. I thought you'd never get here," she muttered quietly. She quickly stood up and hurried up the few remaining stairs to her daughter's apartment without waiting for introductions. It was rude but everyone understood.
Jim led the way with Steve trailing Jill. They could all hear Marta through the open bedroom door, talking to Sherry as they went inside.
"She's here," Marta told her daughter. "Are you ready?"
There was no reply. Sherry had simply nodded her head as an answer.
Jim remained behind in the entry way with Steve. "We can wait in the living room if you'd like," he told the tall man. "It shouldn't take more than an hour or so."
"Sure," Steve said. He was a man of few words.
The two men staked out seating arrangements in the cramped living room, with Steve snagging a small, wooden dining room chair and turning it backwards before sitting on it. Jim stuck with the overstuffed chair that he'd been favoring. Neither one said another word the whole time that it took Jill to colorize Sherry. They simply listened to the ticking of an old grandfather clock that stood all alone in one corner of the living room.
Meanwhile, in the dark and slightly cluttered master bedroom, Jill slowly approached the stricken woman, wrinkling her nose slightly at the smell of sweat and vinaigrette dressing. She looked over to see a bowl of half eaten salad on the nightstand next to the bed and slowly shook her head. It was definitely a case of acute synesthesia in her mind. She'd still harbored some lingering doubts, even after reading Marta's very convincing email, but all doubts evaporated in Sherry's presence. There was no way that someone could fake having the plague. No healthy young woman would live like that.
"Here we go," the colorful woman said as she gently sat on the edge of the bed. She reached out and touched Sherry's bare shoulder to start the colorization.
Jill's touch had an immediate effect on Sherry. The corners of the plague victim's mouth slowly turned up, starting as a faint smile and developing into a goofy grin within seconds.
"This'll take awhile," she said to Marta, who stood in the bedroom doorway, trying to remember to breathe. "You might want to grab a comfortable chair."
"Uh. Yeah. Be right back."
The concerned mother went to the joined dining and living rooms, giving the men a curious look. They seemed to be mesmerized by the pendulum of the grandfather clock as it ticked off the seconds.
"I had to drag that old clock out of Sherry's bedroom," she told them. "The ticking sound started driving her crazy. Damn relic weighs a ton."
She shrugged when she didn't get a reaction and returned to the bedroom with a dining room chair, placing the chair in the doorway and sitting there, rooted to the spot until they all knew one way or the other. Would Sherry be cured?

* * *

Jill took regular breaks to rest her eyes. There was no reason to continuously watch the young woman in the bed get colorized. It was a long, slow process and she'd seen it happen often enough. Besides, with the heavy curtains drawn and the gloomy cloud cover outside, the dark room wasn't exactly visually stimulating. Her own colorful clothes were by far the most interesting thing in the room as far as she was concerned, and she'd seen them often enough throughout the day.
"Marta?"
After a short pause, the older woman answered, "Yes?" She'd been nodding off in her chair.
"Would you please get me a little water? I don't want too much for obvious reasons but I'm a little thirsty."
"Oh. Yes. Okay." She slowly got up and stretched before moving the chair so she could get through the doorway.
"Could you check the time too, please?" Jill asked. "I don't wear watches and I didn't think to check the time. I thought seeing Sherry with color would be enough but I want to make sure." In her rush to start the cure, she didn't think to time herself.
Marta nodded. "Of course. Right away."
When she was alone with Sherry, Jill spoke quietly to herself. "I think we got here a little after three o'clock and I started no more than five minutes later. That should make four thirty long enough."
Sherry seemed to answer her with a brief snort. She'd just started quietly snoring.
The colorful woman smiled and turned when she heard Marta return.
"Here's a glass," the older woman said, holding out the glass of water.
Jill took a few sips and handed back the glass. "Thanks. That's enough. What about the time?"
"It's about a quarter to four."
Jill sighed. "Time only flies when you don't want it to."
Marta gave her a faint smile.
"Please let me know when it's four thirty. I figure she'll be fully colorized by then. I want to make sure though before I try to get her to see herself with color."
"Yes, of course. How about I move the nightstand and plug in a clock radio where you can easily see it?"
Jill nodded and smiled. "That'd be a good idea. Yes."
A little white clock radio sat on the nightstand but Sherry had unplugged it to keep the light from the digital display from disturbing her. Marta dragged the wooden nightstand around to the far side of the bed, where she found a nearby wall socket and plugged in the clock radio. She set the time and sat back down on the chair in the doorway.
"There," said the older woman. "Now we wait a little longer, I guess."
"Now we wait," Jill agreed.
Sherry continued to quietly snore as she was ever so slowly colorized.

* * *

When the clock displayed four thirty, Jill turned to speak to Marta. "It's time."
The colorful woman blinked several times in rapid succession and cocked her head for a moment. Something looked odd to her in the dark room but she was too focused on her task to think about it. She turned back to Sherry and gently shook the colorized woman's shoulder to wake her. "Open your eyes and look at yourself, Sherry."
The afflicted young woman snorted once and groaned a little before slowly opening her eyes.
Jill got up off the bed and watched as Sherry held up both arms to look at them. She waited patiently but she already felt sure of the unfortunate outcome. Her special ability didn't seem likely to effect a cure.
After staring at her hands for several seconds, Sherry let out a sudden squeak and quickly pinched her eyes shut. "No. No. No. I still have it," she said with a whimper.
Jill quickly sat on the bed and used one hand to touch the colorized woman again to calm her down. With her other hand, she turned her head and placed an index finger to her lips to keep the worried mother quiet.
After another five minutes passed, Sherry fell back asleep and the two other women left the room together. Jill had to wait for Marta to get up and move the chair out of the doorway, and while she waited, she started blinking rapidly again.
Marta carried the chair back toward the dining room and stopped suddenly when she realized that she wasn't being followed. She turned to see a dazed looking woman, standing across the room, muttering to herself.
"Holy shit," Jill said. "I've got color vision."
The colorful woman had forgotten all about the promised effect of color vision as she colorized Sherry. Seeing everything in color completely surprised her, especially as she moved through the dark hallway and into the much brighter dining room area. She found herself lost in a sea of color.
Since Sherry could see colors, she naturally chose more colorful decor for her apartment. A deep red table cloth covered a small rectangular table with a bouquet of six wilting yellow roses in a blue glass vase as a centerpiece. Beyond the table was a low wall that separated the kitchen from the dining room. The low wall had a narrow, speckled gray counter top, and on the counter, Jill could see the distinct yellow color of bananas that hung from a gracefully curved metal stand. There were also two other tree-like stands full of colorful mugs on the same counter, and beyond that, on the fridge, she saw various drawings on notebook sized white paper held by magnets. The drawings were simple and crude still lifes of fruit and flowers and they came in all different soft colors. From her experience with colorizing the fruit she ate, the colors looked authentic, and they stood out nicely in contrast to the charcoal gray surface of the refrigerator. 
Jill slowly moved through the dining room, turning her head to take in all of the colors. On the near wall to her left, she saw a dark wooden shelf overflowing with dozens of tiny green and white knickknacks that included a stylized bear and wolf, a pillbox and various abstract shapes. On the far wall in the joined living room, she saw the most peculiar painting, three feet wide by two feet tall with a thin, shiny white-gray frame. The painted scene showed a mountain landscape with forested hills in the foreground that were lightly dusted with snow. Everything looked gray except for the pale yellow sky, a tiny hint of green mist at the base of the mountain, and the most vivid shades of blue scattered throughout the rest of the painting. The bright blue color mixed in with the needles of the closest fir trees, some of the shading of a few clouds and darker patches of snow on the single prominent central mountain peak in the far distance. The clouds hung near the sunward side of the mountain, casting blue-gray shadows on it. Instinctually, she knew the colors didn't make sense, but once she saw the painting, she couldn't take her eyes off of it.
"Jill?" a voice said. "Jill, honey?" It was Marta, trying to get her attention.
She slowly turned away from the living room and drank in the colorful sight of the older woman's red, long-sleeved blouse. "Sorry," she said. "It's just so... overwhelming. So many colors...," she trailed off, shaking her head.
The awed woman turned again to see the two colorful men staring at her with looks of wonder on their faces. They reminded her of two faithful dogs and she couldn't help laughing. They cocked their heads at her reaction and it just made them seem more like dogs. But the humor helped bring her back to Earth.
"I have to confess," Marta said after Jill's laughter died down. "I was so focused on my daughter, I'd forgotten about the color vision."
"Yeah," Jill said. "Me too. This is crazy beautiful. It's a shame it has to end. But please indulge me until it does. I want to take advantage of it while I have it."
"Of course, dear. I understand. Or at least I think I do."
The colorful woman wandered around the apartment room by room -- except for Sherry's bedroom -- to take in all of Sherry's colorful furnishings and decorations. When she'd explored all of the rooms, she poked her head outside and gasped. "The sky! It's blue!" The clouds had broken up a little by then, allowing some peeks at the sky.
Still in the soft, comfortable chair in the living room, Jim heard her and quietly chuckled to himself. "Been there. Done that," he said to himself.
All too soon, the color vision faded and a saddened woman came back inside to decide what to do next for Sherry. She looked at the large painting again and saw the normal shades of gray. It didn't look nearly as interesting. When she scanned the rest of the living and dining rooms, everything except for the colorful men looked flat and dull.
Jill had trouble facing Marta who currently sat on the sofa, looking back at her with mild concern. The sight of a gray person suddenly disturbed her. She'd seen several people walking by a short while ago and they were all in color. Marta's grayness looked unnatural after having had color vision.
She gave a deep sigh as she slumped down on a chair at the dining room table. "I can easily see color vision becoming a serious addiction," she told everyone. "I'm not sure we should keep telling everyone about it."
Jim quietly nodded agreement from his chair.
Steve carried his chair back to the dining room table and placed it across from Jill before properly sitting in it. Marta sat to Jill's left with Jim trading his more comfortable chair for the last chair at the table.
After a long pause, Jill started the conversation. "I'm sorry the cure didn't work," she told Marta. "But I didn't really expect it to."
"Then why did you even try?" snapped the suddenly angry woman. "Why bother?"
"I was asked to come here, remember? I'm fighting for Sherry. I'm on her side. Who's side are you on, Marta?"
"Ouch," said the tall, muscular boyfriend.
"Put a sock in it, Steve," Jill warned while keeping her eyes on Marta, who looked as though she'd been slapped.
Her boyfriend grinned at her bold words to shut him up but he wisely didn't say anything more. With her special ability, she could easily have him acting like a wimpy three-year-old. She'd already done it once before, soon after they first met at a secret government facility where she'd been detained to help find a cure for the plague. She'd made him docile to keep him from fighting a losing battle against a desperate invading force and it had left a lasting impression on him.
Marta's face slowly softened. "I'm sorry," she said, turning to address all of them. "I'm just so upset. What else can we do? It all seems so hopeless." She tried not to cry but her eyes slowly filled with moisture until tears dribbled down her cheeks.
Jill reached out to take the older woman's hands across the corner of the table. "I'm not giving up. Like I said, I'm fighting for Sherry. We'll keep trying. I'm sure there's a way to cure her. We just have to find it."

* * *

Hours later, the group still sat around the dining room table. The two women slumped in their chairs and stared in random directions. Jim kept scrolling down a web page on Jill's laptop and Steve sat ramrod straight and looked out the side window, watching a party being thrown at a house across the street. The tall man shook his head and grinned at several drunken teenage boys who kept a roaring bonfire going in a rusty barrel by spraying it with lighter fluid. He fondly remembered being young and stupid.
Daylight faded, encouraging other light sources, like bonfires, and the dim light finally registered to Jim. He got up and switched on the dining room light, startling everyone else but he didn't notice. He had other things on his mind.
"I can't believe all these useless abilities," he complained as he paced near the table. "One guy can make little whirlpools in water. Big deal! Another guy can make his eyes glow. I guess it gives him excellent night vision but he can really only get away with using his ability on Halloween. Any other time and someone might freak out and shoot him. The list just goes on and on."
Marta blinked owlishly at the cranky young man. "Maybe you just need something to eat. How long has it been since any of us have eaten?"
"I could go for a large sandwich," Steve said, turning to face the group. "And a beer," he added before going back to watching the party outside.
Talking about food irritated Jim a little until he realized that it probably was because he was hungry. But his hunger reminded him that he actually seemed to think better on an empty stomach. He didn't want to give up, not until they'd made at least a little progress.
Jill had long since thrown out the wilted roses and left the large glass vase on the kitchen counter where she couldn't see it. The roses had distracted and irritated her. They should be yellow. She definitely saw them as yellow when she had color vision. And the vase should be blue. It looked so dull when it was a dark gray.
With nothing on the dining room table except her laptop, she found her eyes drifting down to the red tablecloth. She'd kept her bare arms lying on it to give it color. She missed seeing everything in color. The mostly gray apartment frustrated her so much. Color just didn't make sense.
The group had lost their sense of teamwork. Their lack of progress wore heavily on them and started sending them off on tangents, though sometimes that could be a good thing.
"Seriously people!" Jim said, once again startling everyone. "Let's see if we can find at least one person with a special ability that might help Sherry. Then we can eat. I'll even pay for it."
That got Steve's attention. He snapped his head back around and reached over to grab his girlfriend's laptop, sliding it over in front of himself. His fingers manically twitched on the touchscreen to scroll the open browser window at a blinding speed. He could read very fast when sufficiently motivated.
Jim plopped down in his chair and mentally went over what they knew about Sherry's condition for the umpteenth time. The newest love of his life seemed stuck between color and gray. Giving and having color vision had to be a special ability but she'd somehow missed out on getting color. It might have had something to do with her having been born with color vision. She'd never suffered any trauma to trigger her color and give her an ability. That's how everyone got color before the plague came along, though when he thought about it, catching the plague traumatized people too. Getting color seemed to require suffering, but where did that get them? Nowhere except that they knew she needed a different kind of cure to go with her in-between state.
The frustrated man turned to Steve. "Find anything yet?"
It was good timing. The tall man had just hit the bottom of the web page and muttered something vulgar under his breath before answering. "You're right, Color Boy. I got nothing. This website is crap." He pushed the computer away from him with a disgusted look on his face.
"Color Boy? You're one to talk."
"My color is temporary. I only have it because of the lovely lady sitting next to you." Steve waggled his eyebrows suggestively and then glared, as if daring anyone to complain about his behavior.
Jim blushed when he detected the sexual innuendo. If a gray person stayed in bed and maintained contact for eight hours with a colorful lover, he or she could keep their color for the rest of the day. A colorized object or person kept their color for twice as long as they were touched by someone with color, and Steve still had color when he was normally gray.
Jill sighed. "Sorry, everyone," she said. "Steve can't help trying to be the stereotypical alpha male. Too much testosterone."
"Yeah. Whatever," the big guy said. "And you're all stuck in a rut."
"What about you?" the smaller man said.
Steve grinned. "I'm just here for moral support. I only checked out that website because I'm hungry." He paused a moment and suddenly added. "Hey. You know what I think?"
Marta rolled her eyes but Jill had to ask, "What? What is it?"
"You guys need to do that thinking out of the box thing," he said with a perfectly straight face.
Jill's eyes suddenly widened as an idea occurred to her. "He's right. I got it. Instead of looking at lists of people and reading through their profiles, what if we tried to think of a special ability that might help and then tried to find a person with that ability. Searching by special ability would be a lot more efficient than searching through long lists of people with random special abilities."
"Genius!" Marta cried.
The newly energized group sat facing each other at the table and dove into another session of brainstorming, their hunger momentarily forgotten.

* * *

It took the group nearly an hour to settle down. They let fly with one wild idea after another, from age regression to shape shifting and more. The shape shifting got a little crazy as they moved from people to animal hybrids. They needed an outlet after so many hours of getting nowhere.
When Jim suggested an ability that involved warping reflections like a funhouse mirror, they all decided that they'd had enough. They would start over with the most basic ideas they could think of and see where that might lead.
Jill voiced and then quickly dismissed her own idea of trying to cancel out Sherry's color vision. Without color vision, the afflicted woman would be able to see herself go from gray to colorized, but Jill's intuition and experience with acute synesthesia ruled it out. The cure seemed to depend on an altered state of mind that involved a sense of shock and awe, like when a gray person suddenly saw him or herself with color. Canceling out color vision would have the wrong effect. Sherry was used to seeing herself with color and going from being colorful to gray would most likely cause distress, while going back from gray to color would bring relief at best, not awe.
Steve tried next. "What about invisibility?" he said, his eyes sparkling with excitement. He found himself suddenly liking the challenge.
His girlfriend smiled at him. "Oh, Sweetie. I don't think that would work."
"Why not?" he asked, looking slightly hurt.
"Even if Sherry goes from being invisible to having color, seeing herself with color is normal for her. She wouldn't feel any different. And going the other way, from color to invisible, would likely have a strong effect on her but she wouldn't be able to see herself with color if she was invisible."
"Oh," he said, looking a little disappointed.
"But it's good to eliminate possibilities," Jill quickly added. "It'll help us home in on a solution." She smiled brightly at him and he slowly grinned back.
Marta sat back and listened to the others. She felt emotionally exhausted, too tired to think, but she felt certain that she'd know a solution when she heard it. Not only that, her intuition told her that a solution was imminent. The group had a good dynamic going. They all had something to contribute and they worked well together.
Jill made the biggest difference though. Her experience with finding the cure had to help, and her personality and insight kept everyone on track. Marta listened to the colorful woman's current train of thought.
"We need a way to make Sherry look strikingly different to herself. How can color look different?"
A very vivid and wonderful memory came to the older woman then. She remembered a time from a couple of years ago when the whole world glowed with color, thanks to a teenage boy's powerful special ability. The vast majority of people remembered that because everyone and everything glowed with color for twenty four hours. Even the moon glowed a dim blue as it reflected the light of Earth's glowing oceans. It was probably the most fantastical thing to happen in recorded history.
She almost voiced her idea to make Sherry glow with color but Jim suddenly blurted out the same thing before she could find the energy. It warmed her heart to hear his passion for her daughter, and it made her happy that he'd found the solution. Her intuition told her that it would work and she let him take the credit, though it actually took all of them to come up with the idea.
"That has to be it," Jim said. "I know it is."
Everyone nodded agreement, and they all knew with certainty that there was a person who had that ability. They didn't even have to look up his name on the Internet. They all remembered Fred Renfield. But they did try to use the computer to find a way of contacting him. Unfortunately, Fred made Jill look like a social butterfly. He seemed unusually hard to find.
"Wait a minute," Jill said. "Didn't Fred lose his color when he made everything glow? I heard it drained his color. Doesn't that mean that he'd lose his special ability?"
"Um," Steve made a noise, getting everyone's attention. "It's not public knowledge but I happen to know that his color returned. It took a long time but he has color again."
"And you would know that how?" Marta asked.
Jill shook her head. "Please. Don't ask. I have a feeling that if we press him for details, he might use that tired old cliche about having to kill us if he told us."
They all turned to look at Steve, who returned a steely glare that made them wonder. Steve made them wonder even more when he volunteered yet more good news. "I can probably find him. Just give me a few days. I can't guarantee he'll come though."
Marta gave the tall man a look of awe tinged with fear. "What do you do for a living?" she blurted out.
"Marta!" Jill shouted.
The older woman held her hands up. "Sorry. Just a verbal reflex. But still, how can he find Fred? It seems pretty difficult."
Steve interrupted as his girlfriend tried to speak for him again and simply said, "I know people who know people."
That satisfied the group enough that hunger returned as the dominant topic of discussion.
It was time for a well-earned meal.

* * *

While waiting for Jim to make another trip to Giovanni's for some Italian takeout, Marta had a short, private conversation to deliver the good news to Sherry. She came back to the living room with tears in her eyes.
"Is everything okay?" Jill asked, quickly getting up off the sofa.
The older woman nodded. "She's grateful for everyone's help but I can tell she's afraid to let herself hope."
"Then we'll just have to hope for her," Jill said, offering a tentative smile.
Marta smiled back. "I want to thank you, all of you, for helping. I never could have done this on my own."
"Well," the colorful woman said. "We still have some work ahead of us but I'm optimistic."
Jim had called ahead with everyone's order so it didn't take him long to return. He noticed Marta's red-rimmed eyes as he laid out all of the food on the dining room table but he didn't say anything. Food took precedence anyway.
Jill and Marta had the place settings ready on the table before Jim got back. Even Steve had helped without having to be asked. With the food ready, there was nothing left to get in the way of a very good meal, one sprinkled with light conversation and tinged with optimism.

* * *

As the designated hostess, Marta insisted on clearing the dishes and cleaning up after they finished eating. She felt it was the least she could do to show her gratitude. The rest of the group stayed at the table to wrap things up.
Jim offered to let Jill and Steve stay at his place. The couple politely declined though, saying that Steve would require some special arrangements, whatever that meant. No one asked.
The group broke up, with Marta staying with her daughter, of course. Jim went home and a black sedan mysteriously showed up to whisk away Jill and Steve. Operation Sure Cure had officially begun.
Finding Fred wasn't all shadowy spy action and it wasn't all that difficult. Steve visited local offices of the government agency that he worked for and managed to secure an email address for Fred. He left the message writing to Jill, and after a few emails were sent back and forth, the colorful young man eagerly agreed to use his special ability on Sherry. He needed a couple of days but he'd be there. He first had plans to make that would involve the approval of his secretive and fiercely protective parents, who just happened to work for the same agency that Steve did. That helped with any trust issues.
The good news was relayed separately to Marta and Jim, who both anxiously waited for Fred to arrive in the city.
Jill and Steve tried to plan a little sightseeing while they waited but they found themselves too distracted to follow through. They both felt a little anxious about the possibility of failure. Team Sherry had invested a lot of time and emotional energy in finding a cure for the poor young woman. Intuition and gut feelings were nice in a way. Faith was a little harder to come by for them.
The loving couple fell back to their usual routine of dinners and movies during the evening. Following a routine made it easier to block out any anxiety. That still left a lot of free time for the earlier part of the day but they found a pleasant way to fill that time. They simply reinforced Steve's color in the bedroom of their hotel by indulging in various creative and pleasurable acts. Some distractions proved stronger than others. 
The waiting was harder for the original two members of Team Sherry. Jim phoned Marta twice daily to check up on her as well as Sherry. Caregiving could be quite demanding and he wanted to help. Unfortunately, Sherry kept to her rules about not letting Jim see her. He might have still helped with apartment upkeep but Marta preferred that he stay out of her way. Cleaning and caring for her daughter distracted her from her anxiety about the untested cure. She didn't want any free time to think. She also might have had a hidden motive, such as using absence to make the heart grow fonder for a certain young couple.
So Jim stayed home and whiled away much of his free time being mesmerized by his special radar. He watched Sherry's colorful marker ever so slowly spin and mix with blues and purples, and he switched to stare for a moment at his mother's green marker before looking through all of them. He even checked for his ex-girlfriend's marker. Her marker changed slightly as well but it didn't hold his attention like Sherry's. The orange and green in his ex-girlfriend's marker had faded too, if he'd cared to notice.
His job took up a fair bit of his time, as did his regular exercise of long walks. Forest Park beckoned as strongly as ever, though the people watching didn't hold his interest like it usually did. Every solitary man he saw reminded him of his own lonely existence. Every young woman he saw reminded him of Sherry.
Sherry herself had her own problems with her worsening symptoms. Of them all, she had the hardest time waiting, and understandably so. Her phantom smells caused the most stress. They generally evoked strong memories as smells often do, and those memories led to a cascade of other sensory hallucinations. Losing herself in her mind became more and more challenging with the distraction of those hallucinations. She was losing control of everything, feeling adrift and at the mercy of a slow moving river that slowly gained speed as it headed toward a bottomless waterfall.
It might have helped matters if Marta had mentioned that her daughter had shown up on Jim's special radar, but Marta didn't feel it was her business to help get them together. She grew to like Jim in the short time that she'd known him. She even thought about how nice a son-in-law he'd make. Intervening wasn't her way though. She wanted the two of them to earn their relationship. Earning it would make it stronger and more satisfying in the long run. If it was meant to be, it would happen.
First though, Sherry needed a cure.

* * *

At mid morning on the third day of the Great Wait, as Jim privately referred to it, Fred showed up at Sherry's apartment. One buff male bodyguard in his early thirties accompanied the colorful young man, with Steve providing backup and Jill providing moral support.

Marta stood in the entry way, wringing her hands as she welcomed the young man. "Thank you so much for coming, Mr. Renfield."
"Please," he said. "Call me Fred."
"Okay, Fred. I wish I could pay you for this but my husband and I don't have a lot of money." She knew he was a young college student and felt a little guilty that she couldn't pay him for his trouble.
Fred smiled. "It's okay. Really. Just seeing everything in color would be more than enough. It sounds... interesting."
Jim had arrived very shortly after Fred and company. He overheard Fred and shared a knowing look with Jill but neither of them warned about the addictive nature of color vision.
They all filed into the living room, and after completing introductions, they began to formulate a quick plan of action. To minimize any distractions, everyone except Fred and Marta would sit in the living room and wait. Jill wasn't needed to colorize Sherry. Fred would first colorize the plague victim by himself and then use his special ability.
They'd discussed it and agreed that colorizing Sherry might still be required. It certainly wouldn't hurt, and it would give Fred an opportunity to experience color vision if he colorized her. They felt that made a fair trade for the cure.
Sherry's condition hadn't progressed enough that they'd need Jill's special ability to help keep her calm. That made things easier.
Fred and Marta got up then, with Marta carrying a dining room chair as she led the way to Sherry's bedroom. They went inside with the anxious mother sitting on the chair in the doorway, just as she had with Jill. The little white clock radio was plugged in and ready to go. It sat in the same place on the nightstand where Fred could easily see it, and the colorizing began.
Fred gently sat on the edge of the bed where Sherry was lying, half covered by a light bedspread, and placed one hand on her bare shoulder. He only used one hand so he could maximize the time spent colorizing her. That would give him a good long time to gain and experience color vision.
As he sat in the darkened room, he thought about the time before he made the whole planet glow with color. Back then, he didn't have control over his special ability. It would only trigger after he experienced significant emotional trauma, and the trauma had to be especially bad to get him to make everything glow with color. To get planet Earth to glow, it took a girl to break his heart. She later made up for it. They even became a couple, and they were still together. But at the time, she'd led him on for several days and lied about liking him. She'd been put up to it by another girl who wanted to trigger Fred's ability. The other girl was greedy for glowing color. Color could too easily bring out the worst in people.
Making the planet glow with color drained him of his own color. He lost his color and his special ability. He'd burned out, and it took several weeks to return to his normal, colorful self. After that, he vowed to get control over his ability. With the help of his parents, he found someone who helped him with meditation and various mental exercises. It was only in the past year that he managed to gain fairly good control.
He'd be able to easily limit the area of effect to a small area around Sherry. She and part of her bed would glow for twenty four hours, and hopefully, seeing herself glowing with color would cure her, even though he made it happen once before, to her along with the rest of the world. The glowing color should still be enough of a novelty to cure Sherry.
That was the plan.
They didn't mention it, but the three people with permanent color couldn't help wonder if seeing herself with glowing color would make Sherry permanently glow with color as well as cure her. Color was strange. No one knew how it worked so they wondered about it. They kept their thoughts to themselves though. No use worrying Marta any more than necessary. Besides, a life of glowing with color was vastly superior to living life as a virtual zombie.

* * *

Exactly one hour and fifteen minutes after Fred started the colorizing, he called Marta over to help Sherry open her eyes, right after he made Sherry glow.
He stood up and channeled glowing energy at Sherry, and in an instant, the colorized woman and most of her bed suddenly glowed, lighting up the bedroom with colored light. The vibrant blue color of the bedspread dominated as it reflected off the light gray walls and ceiling.
Marta stood just behind him, waiting as he worked. As soon as the room lit up with color, she gasped. She'd experienced the glowing two years ago along with the rest of the world, but seeing it again was just as impressive, even on the much smaller scale. It took her a moment to recover.
Taking a deep breath, she took over Fred's position on her daughter's bed and called out. "Sherry? Sherry, honey? Open your eyes. It's time to open your eyes."
The glowing young woman flinched a few times and her eyes fluttered open. She first saw the ceiling of her room, reflecting blue light and almost pinched her eyes shut. With tremendous effort, she slowly moved her eyes downward and caught sight of her brightly glowing bedspread. Then her bare arms. She raised her arms slightly and saw her skin, glowing with flesh tones, and her eyes widened. Then tears came to her eyes, but nothing else. There were no sensory hallucinations of any kind.
"Mom?" she asked as she turned her head. "Mom!" she cried, holding her arms out for her mother.
Marta bent over her daughter and the two hugged and cried together.
Fred slowly backed away, blinking rapidly. Something seemed off about the room but he couldn't place it. He left the bedroom to give mother and daughter some time alone and his pace got slower the nearer he got to the living room.
"Holy shit," he said, coming to a stop as colors flooded his sight.

* * *

Mild chaos ensued.
Fred wandered around the apartment, marveling at all of the colors, just as Jill had. He moved to go outside, trailed closely by his bodyguard, and shouts could be heard as the colorful young man loudly commented on the color of various things including the sky.
Sherry soon came out of her bedroom, making a grand entrance with her glowing color. Her messy hair and rumpled clothes didn't matter. Everyone immediately stopped talking, forgetting what they were saying as they took in the sight.
The glowing young woman profusely thanked everyone and asked about Fred. Her mother had told her about the young man and she wanted to make sure to thank him personally.
Everyone just pointed to the front door and she turned to leave.
"Should she be going outside looking like that?" Jim asked after the front door closed.
Jill shrugged and Marta rushed after her daughter just in case.
When Sherry didn't return right away, Jim began to feel like an extra in a movie. He quietly excused himself and walked out of the apartment. On some deeper level, he understood that she'd be a little overwhelmed, both with her glowing color and her cure. Still, he felt neglected, and he didn't see the irony. He'd done the same to her when she gave him color vision.
It didn't help when he imagined Marta having told her daughter about his newest love interest that showed up on his special radar. Sherry obviously didn't return his love in his mind and he quickly got in his car and drove home to mope in private. He'd try to let her go and move on with his life. He might even see about asking the florist at his apartment building for a date.

* * *

Sherry came back inside first, followed soon after by Fred, and they all had a little celebration party. All of them except Jim.
Marta provided drinks and snacks, parceling them out with words of thanks. But everyone was too distracted to notice Jim's absence until long after he'd gone, and just as Jim had done, Sherry misunderstood the reason. With his work done, she told her mother that she thought he'd left to make sure she didn't think there was a chance for a relationship with him.
Marta slowly shook her head when she realized what was happening. She knew it had to be a misunderstanding since she knew about his ability and how Sherry showed up on his special radar. It frustrated her but she held her tongue. She'd wait and if it took them too long, she'd consider dropping hints.

* * *

After all of the visitors left, Sherry sighed incessantly and moped around until Marta got her interested in a little experiment. Mother and daughter held hands for seventy five minutes to colorize the older woman, and they discovered that Marta received an extra gift. She got color vision.
She didn't utter any vulgarities when she saw color everywhere. It wasn't entirely unexpected, not to her. It seemed logical to assume that her daughter had an incomplete special ability and when she got color, it completed her ability. Sherry could give color vision to anyone.
It didn't surprise Marta but it did scare the bejeezus out of her. She'd been afraid of those with color being desperate for color vision and now she imagined having to protect her daughter against everyone on the face of the planet. Her fears didn't keep her from enjoying the experience however.
She inspected every distinctly colorful item in the apartment and looked through the living room window to see the sky, some trees, and the occasional person walk by. Lastly, she scrutinized her reflection in her daughter's full-length mirror that hung on the back of the master bedroom door. Her hair remained gray. That was a little disappointing, but she still loved her new look.
"Amazing," she said to herself. "But my poor, delicate husband would likely flip his lid if he saw me in color. Why did I ever marry that asshole?"
She smiled as some fond memories of Stan popped into her head, answering her own question. He also gave her a very special daughter, one with a great eye for color and fashion.
Her smile broadened as she took in how well the deep red blouse and charcoal slacks looked on her. The long-sleeved blouse was a birthday gift from Sherry, who knew it would look good. Her color vision gave her an advantage even over people with color. She could see if something looked good without having to colorize it.
"Let's just keep this between you and me," Marta told Sherry soon after her color wore off, along with her color vision. "I've already asked the others not to talk about your ability to give color vision to people with color. They don't have to know you can give it to anyone now."
The glowing young woman simply nodded and sighed again.
Marta felt a pang of guilt for not saying anything about Jim, but she reasoned that being cured should be good enough for the time being.

* * *

Sherry enjoyed her glowing color while it lasted. She especially liked having it that night, when she could light up her apartment without having to turn on any lights. Her glowing bed outshone her and illuminated her bedroom well enough while she lit up every other room. She only wished she had someone special to share it with.
She sighed for the umpteenth time that day.
Her mother had gone home, leaving her alone with her thoughts.
"And leaving me to clean up by myself," she said to herself, chuckling.
She didn't resent her mother leaving though. After nearly turning into a virtual zombie, they were closer than ever. Her mother finally believed in her color vision. Several people did, and she no longer felt so alone. She did wonder about her mother though.
Marta had been frustratingly tight-lipped about Jim's involvement in her cure. All she would say was that it was Jim who came up with the idea to get her to glow. When questioned whether or not she liked Jim, she simply shrugged and didn't say a word. It drove Sherry crazy. There was definitely something suspicious about her mother's behavior, and something suspicious about Jim. And there was only one way to satisfy her nagging curiosity.

* * *

The next weekend, Sherry had permanent color as expected, and she no longer glowed. It was a beautiful day and she went for a nice, long walk. A few people stared at her, because of her color no doubt, but other than that, she had a fairly uneventful trip -- until she reached her favorite bench in Forest Park.
"Jim? Is that you?"
It was. He was sitting on the bench that faced the road at the bottom of the hill. He turned to look at her and when he saw it was her, he had to fight himself not to get up and walk away as she sat next to him.
"Hi, Sherry," he said in an even tone, trying not to give away his hurt feelings.
"Hi, yourself. I missed saying goodbye to you. You left in such a hurry!"
"Yeah, well. I had a lot of chores piling up. I've been kind of busy lately."
She smiled. "Helping me. I know. Thanks so much!"
"Oh. Yeah. You're welcome." He got up abruptly. "Okay. I'm just out for a walk," he lied. "I gotta go now. Sorry."
"Wait! I mean wait a minute. Please? Can't we just continue to sit here and talk for a while?"
He paused as he finally got a good look at her color. She looked more beautiful than ever. "Well," he said slowly. "It is one of my favorite places."
She smiled again. "And it is a beautiful day."
He slowly sat back down and stared into her dark green eyes. "It certainly is," he said quietly. It wasn't fair. Was she toying with him? He let her go. Why couldn't she let him go?
They both shared a pleasant moment checking each other out before Jim spoke up again. "I don't understand something. Why did you suddenly go off on a cruise?"
Sherry sighed. "I wanted to forget about a certain man who only seemed interested in color."
"I'm such an idiot," he said with a groan.
"Yes, but I love you anyway."
That quickly stopped his groaning. "Wait. What? What did you just say?"
"I said that I love you." She quickly turned away and added, "But I guess the feeling isn't mutual."
"Oh, I don't know. A certain woman I recently met showed up on my special radar. It confused the heck out of me too because it looked like she was somewhere in the Caribbean. I'm sure I don't know anyone in the Caribbean."
Her head snapped back and she eyed him suspiciously.
"I told your mother about it. Didn't she tell you?"
"Oh!" Sherry screamed, startling him. "I knew it! I knew she was hiding something! She's going to pay for this."
Jim tried very hard not to laugh and just barely succeeded.
"But wait," she said with a smirk. "How do I know you're telling the truth?"
"How do you think I found your apartment? I never did get your address so I had to use my ability."
She smiled and there was a playful sparkle in her eyes. "You might have found my address online or something."
He played along and his eyes lit up as an idea occurred to him. "Well, I think I can prove it. Let's play a little game."
After confirming the rules of a popular childhood game, Jim closed his eyes and counted to a hundred while Sherry ran off to hide.
She ended up in the women's restroom at the park.
"Not very imaginative," Jim soon called to her from just outside the restroom. "I know you're in there so please come out. It would be embarrassing if I came in to get you."
Sherry slowly walked out with a grin. "That was too easy. You could've just made a lucky guess. I want to try again."
And try they did. They played several more games of hide-and-seek, and it wasn't until Jim tracked her down hiding behind a pickup truck in the parking lot of Forest Park that she finally stopped. She was all smiles when he found her.
"You got me," she said.
"I most certainly do," he replied. He gently pulled her to him for a long, slow kiss.
When they came up for air, they wandered out of the park and ended up at Jim's apartment, where they began a long and colorful relationship.

* * *

Jim sighed with contentment as he checked out his special radar from the comfort of the recliner in his apartment. He couldn't get enough of seeing Sherry's blue and purple marker in the center of the map. That placed her right on top of his current location -- accurate since she was currently cooking dinner in the kitchen. He'd be helping her soon but for the moment, he wanted to sneak a peek at his radar.
As long as he was in the mood, he cycled through all of his markers, counting them as he went, and when he'd finished, he noticed that one was missing. He went through to check again and confirmed that he only had nine when he should have ten. One was actually missing. Impossible! Or at least unprecedented. He'd never had one go missing before.
After more checking, he got another surprise when he realized who the missing person was. It was his ex-girlfriend, Cindy.
"Will wonders never cease?" he asked himself, shaking his head.
It appeared that he'd finally managed to let his ex-girlfriend go, and it confirmed for him that falling out of love was possible. He'd wondered about that. Cindy might have been prejudiced against color but she had a lot of good qualities too. She could be kind and caring and wonderful. But evidently, she hadn't been right for him.
It made him strengthen his resolve to never let the same thing happen with Sherry, not after all they went through. Their initial sputtering romance and Sherry's ordeal had tested them both enough that they were both very sure that they were right for each other. He'd finally managed to let Cindy go, replacing her with a much better match, the best match he could ever want.

Back to Table of Contents
A Killer Convention

Dan stood alone on the outskirts of the city at dusk and gazed at its skyline, taking it in for the first time, memorizing its unique pattern. He ran a freckled hand through his short, blond hair and sighed. He loved patterns.
The city rose from an otherwise desolate landscape, an urban oasis on the edge of the Sonoran desert. For four days out of the year in late spring, it played host to Shadecon, the largest comic convention in the Southwest.
The convention gave Dan an excuse to take a break from his stressful job. He'd have a short vacation and indulge in his two biggest guilty pleasures.
First though, he wanted to walk around the area, even before he checked in at the hotel where he'd be staying. Checking out the lay of the land had become a habit that had saved his life more than once.
In spite of having color, he favored gray and muted colors. They allowed him to better blend in with the gray majority. His olive green shirt and light gray slacks didn't stand out too much in the darkness, but he used his special ability to tailor his outfit for the lingering desert heat. Shirt sleeves and pant legs shortened, and he breathed a sigh of relief.
"Should've done that sooner. Would've if the air conditioning in the airport terminal didn't threaten to freeze me."
His special ability could've easily helped him endure the cold, but he didn't want to give himself away. For the next few days, he planned to keep his current body and only adjust his clothes for comfort when he had a private moment.
He picked up his duffle bag and walked in the general direction of the convention center, where the majority of the convention events would take place. His walking route would take him around the city and end at his hotel, where he'd check in and take a long, relaxing bath. He'd have a start to a nearly perfect evening that he could make perfect by using his ability to satisfy his biggest guilty pleasure, one far above and beyond his love of comics.
The convention had actually started that day, but Dan didn't think he'd like four full days of it. He'd settle for arriving Thursday night and immersing himself in the full experience for two days. He'd spend Sunday revisiting his favorite booths and then leave just after lunch.
As part of scoping out his current location, he used his ability to enhance his sense of hearing and smell. The sounds and smells helped him learn more about the city than he otherwise would. He heard the latest gossip, smelled human body odor laced with fear in an alley, and used his sharp, 20/10 vision to assess any potential threats long before they got close to him.
Keeping his pace moderate, he soon got near enough to hear sounds of revelry coming from the convention. The opportunity to get his hands on a stack of comic books tempted him to speed up, but he controlled himself.
The convention noise increased for a time, until a man screamed. The noise levels drastically decreased for a few minutes after that, until the sirens started.
Dan sped up to a slow jog, heading straight for the convention center. He'd studied a map of the city before he came, and his excellent memory led him unerringly to his destination.
Five police cars with lights flashing parked near the southeast corner of the five-story convention center. An ambulance arrived just as Dan did.
A quick scan of the area showed a body of a gray man lying near the base of the building. The body had long, narrow feathered wings crudely attached to his back. A crumpled awning on the first floor, directly above the body, told Dan that the man had likely fallen from the roof and hit the awning on the way down.
He wanted to learn more, so he used his enhanced hearing to listen in on police and witness conversations. He also edged as close as possible to the dead body, keeping downwind to sniff for any interesting scents.
It appeared as though the man did fall, or jump, from the roof. He bounced off the awning and hit the sidewalk, living just long enough to utter one word before he died. "Who...."
The police laughed, saying they thought the man was a lunatic who fancied himself a bird. They thought the dying man's last word was meant to be the hoot of an owl.
Dan didn't agree. The man's wings were nothing like an owl's wings.
"Fallen or pushed?" he wondered aloud. "That's the question."
He got the man's name, a Professor Truseau who taught at Warpstone University. With that information, he hurried along to his hotel. He had an investigation to start.
Something smelled rotten at Shadecon.

* * *

The economy hotel room looked average in every way, with light gray decor, double bed, chair and table, television, and a bathroom. The view from the window included the full, well-lit parking lot and a mountain range of rock and sand that stretched across the horizon.
Dan unpacked his clothes and toiletries before reaching for his phone. He didn't expect a murder investigation, but his phone would prove useful for it.
"First things first," he said. "Ms. January should be around. She's only one time zone away and the night is still young."
Sitting on his bed, he contacted the woman, a coworker who he secretly nicknamed the Ice Queen as a private joke, using a secure protocol on his phone since he worked for a highly secretive agency.
"Hello, Dan," she said. "Did you find trouble again?"
He chuckled. "I'm innocent. I just wanted to have a few days off and enjoy myself. But some guy ended up dying, and I'm not sure he wasn't murdered."
"Seriously? A murder mystery? At a comic convention?"
"Sure. Why not? And if it goes well, murder mysteries might just move up to third place on my list of guilty pleasures, right behind comics."
She huffed. "You're such a geek."
"Don't knock it until you've tried it."
"Whatever," she said, sounding bored. "Why did you call? Are you scared? Need Mommy to hold your hand so you can sleep tonight?"
He suppressed a retort and focused on her first question. "I'd like some info on a Professor Truseau. He teaches... taught at Warpstone University. I'd like to know if he's had any recent death threats, or if he's posted anything remotely suicidal on any blog. You know. That sort of thing."
"Yes, I know. The sort of thing that takes me hours to wade through social media websites and phone records while you relax and read comics."
"Just have a quick look, please. No need to be thorough."
"Hah! You know me better than that."
"That's why I called you," he said in a playful tone of voice. "When only the best will do."
"You call that flattery? I should make you buy me dinner."
He grinned. "Sure. I'll have a pizza delivered to you tonight. What kind do you like?"
"Never mind, Dan."
He filled her in on what he'd seen and heard where the professor had died, and she agreed that it sounded suspicious.
They disconnected and Dan prepared to enjoy his favorite guilty pleasure. He might even spare a thought for Ms. January, at least indirectly.
He chuckled as he walked into the bathroom and started filling the bathtub.

* * *

Dan left his hotel room early the next morning, dressed for a large, air-conditioned space filled with warm bodies. In other words, he wore black jeans and a dark blue tee shirt. He could always find a restroom and modify his clothes if he guessed wrong.
He wore his convention pass on a lanyard, and he passed through security and glided through the sea of convention goers toward the comic booths.
Small clusters of cosplayers took over areas for photo opportunities along the way, creating open areas that he used to temporarily increase his pace. He spared a glance at the costumes and shook his head. None of them could compare to what he could do with his special ability. None of them were worth a second look in his opinion. The only thing that would slow him down would be a phone call from Ms. January.
The phone in his back pocket took that moment to vibrate.
He cursed his luck.
After pressing his back against the nearest wall and confirming the caller, he answered. "Yeah?"
"Hi, Dan. Got comics?"
"Not yet. A little bird interrupted me. So what's this little bird got to say?"
Ms. January told him all about Professor Truseau and his bland personality. The professor had received no death threats, had no online tantrums, and gave no indications of being suicidal. He donated to environmental charities but he didn't show any particular fondness for owls. Nor did he show any signs of mental illness, like having delusions of being an owl. In short, with no evidence of mental illness and no history of reckless behavior, it looked more and more like a murder.
"Thanks," he told her. "Please keep tabs on the police department here and let me know if they turn up anything."
"I have been, but from everything I've heard so far, it doesn't sound like they're taking it seriously. Just a night of fun gone bad, in one officer's opinion."
He sighed. "Right. But please keep tabs on them anyway."
"Will do. Talk to you later, Dan."
"Later."
Dan slipped his phone into his back pocket and shot out into the flow of people again, back on the hunt for his favorite reading material.
The professor's dying word nagged him as he walked. His mind tried to fill in the rest of the sentence that followed, with more and more outrageous guesses the closer he got to his precious comics.
As he stopped at the first comic booth to catch his eye, he had one last guess for what the professor tried to say: "Who pushed me?"

* * *

A stack of two dozen comics, three trade paperbacks, and half a dozen graphic novels sat on the hotel room table, obscuring the bottom third of the television screen. A grease stained paper bag filled with two large burgers and onion rings slumped on the far end of the table, right next to a vanilla milkshake. Dan kept both food and drink well away from the stack of comics. With air conditioning set to barely on and wearing thin plastic gloves, he sighed with pleasure. Though slightly after the normal lunch hour, he had the perfect setting to enjoy his comics.
With one hand for eating and the other for reading, he kept his comics grease-free. The gloves also protected against giving color to the food and comics that he held. Both were important considerations. Food didn't always look as appetizing when it was given color, and ink didn't always come solely in black. Some inks could gain different colors that, more often than not, didn't flatter the comics. He experimented enough in the past to know. Just like with his clothes, touching something gave it color. Yet another strange fact about those with color.
He only read as long as he ate. When he finished eating, he'd keep the titles that he read in a separate pile as a reminder to go back to the comic creators with some compliments and maybe some constructive criticism.
Usually, he saved the trade paperbacks and graphic novels for later, after he got home. They took too much time away from the convention. After last night's apparent murder, he decided he needed a change, and instead chose a murder mystery graphic novel to read.
His first visit to Shadecon didn't disappoint him so far, but it wasn't his first convention. He'd reserve judgment until after seeing how the full experience compared to other conventions that he'd attended. He wanted to be fair about ranking Shadecon.
Adding a real murder mystery to the mix could have an undue influence on his ranking though. He might have to come back and try again. None of the other dozen or so conventions that he'd been to had suffered any felony crimes.
He had to admit, the prospect of a good murder mystery excited him. He felt bad for the murder victim, but he loved a challenge.
The flimsy evidence that he had so far wouldn't convict anyone but that wouldn't stop him. He had other ways to get evidence. His methods wouldn't be admissible in court, so he'd have to be creative and determined, and that meant using his special ability. The prospect of using his ability at a comic convention excited him even more. That surprised him.
He shook his head and didn't think any more about Professor Truseau for the next hour or so. Instead, he spared a few brain cells to enjoy his delicious, greasy lunch and lost himself in the world of the graphic novel. He read the murder mystery and hoped it would help get his creative juices flowing.

* * *

Almost exactly three hours before Dan started his late lunch, with the sun well above the horizon and temperatures well above the human comfort zone, two gloved hands pressed a key card to a door lock and slowly pushed the door open to gain entry to an occupied hotel room.
A middle-aged woman with color sat at the small table and busied herself by making a large sandwich to satisfy her equally large appetite. She wore a loose-fitting, long-sleeved yellow blouse and patted her flabby arm, muttering about getting back to her diet after the convention. She didn't see the figure slip quietly into the room and come up behind her.
The gloved hands held a black hood that they slipped over the woman's curly blond head, with one hand pulling tightly on a wide, flat drawstring and the other covering her nose and mouth to muffle her scream and suffocate her.
When the woman stopped flailing and slumped, lifeless in her chair, the killer pulled off the hood and, huffing and puffing, dragged her body to the sliding glass door. The killer's gloved hands opened the door and continued dragging the woman's body out onto the top-floor deck, where they plopped it face up on a chaise lounge with full exposure to the sun.
The small, three-story hotel was booked solid, but most everyone had left for the convention. With no one around to witness, the killer pulled a small table over next to the chaise lounge and dropped an open pack of cigarettes, minus one cigarette, onto the tabletop. Gloved hands lit a cigarette and placed it between the woman's index and middle finger to make it look like she'd been smoking.
The woman's body had turned mostly gray when the killer pulled out a fresnel lens and trained the focal point of the lens on the woman's bare wrist. The fat in the woman's arm eventually started to burn like an inside-out candle, with melted fat soaking into the blouse to serve as the wick. Once the arm burned well enough on its own, the killer moved the focal point to burn the hand up to the cigarette and moved it back down to continue helping along the staged case of spontaneous combustion.
Several cases of alleged spontaneous combustion had been investigated, and all of them were found to have been caused by the wick effect, with the victim falling asleep with a lit cigarette and igniting their fat to turn themselves into a human candle.
The burning continued until it consumed the upper half of the torso and reached the neck, where it would erase any evidence of bruising from the drawstring in the hood. In addition to erasing evidence, it also served to entertain a sick and twisted killer.

* * *

The graphic novel sat on the table next to the main stack of comics. Dan inserted a convention flyer to save his place and left the room to get back to the convention.
Along the way, he gave some thought to the usual process for investigating a murder. In addition to a reasonably short list of suspects, he needed to find a motive. The means and opportunity seemed easy enough to figure out, with so many people gathered for the convention.
Just as he wondered if there were any security cameras on the roof of the convention center, his back pocket vibrated.
He answered his phone and smiled. "Whatcha got?"
Ms. January huffed. "Hello to you too, Dan. First off, there are no security cameras on the roof of the convention center."
"Hm. You read my mind."
"Too easy. But there's more. Much more. Get over to the Blanderstellen Hotel. There's been another death."
With directions to the hotel and some additional background about the victim from Ms. January, Dan ran up the stairs to the third floor and marched down the hall that bustled with police activity.
He kept his agency badge handy for just such an occasion and flashed it to the local police. They allowed him into the hotel room, but they didn't look happy about it.
An acrid smell immediately assaulted his sensitive nose and he used his ability to turn down his sense of smell to tolerable levels. Other hotel residents had noticed the foul odor and complained about it. That's how they found the victim.
A tall, older gray man wearing a short-sleeved dress shirt and slacks hunched over the charred remains of the body, still on the chaise lounge and still smoldering. "Darnedest thing I've ever seen," he said. "I've read about it but never saw one before."
Dan cleared his throat to announce his presence. "You mean apparent spontaneous combustion?"
The man nodded. "Exactly that. Apparent. But I've read up on the wick effect. Human fat makes a good fuel. Looks like the poor woman fell asleep with a lit cigarette and burned like a candle for hours."
Dan kept his phone active with an earbud in one ear. Ms. January listened to the conversation and added something she thought that the police should know. "I've just been informed that the victim isn't a smoker," he told the man. "There are no records of cigarette purchases."
"Great," the man said with heavy sarcasm. "And here I thought this would be an easy open and shut case. My boss isn't going to like this."
Dan shrugged. "Any sign of an accelerant to help the burning?" He ramped up his sense of smell to check for anything like gasoline fumes and quickly desensitized his nose again when he didn't detect anything.
"I don't smell anything, but yes. I thought of that. My crime lab is going to be busy tonight."
Ms. January passed on another bit of information that Dan shared. "Just to make sure you know, Professor Learman, here, taught at the same university that Professor Truseau did. You know, the man who fell, or was pushed off the roof of the convention center last night. Seems like an unlikely coincidence."
The man shook his head.
"I know," Dan said with a bit of sympathy. "No security cameras on the roof of the convention center and no witnesses. You'd have thought someone would've seen Truseau carrying those huge wings to the roof at the very least."
"I did think of that and had the security cameras in the elevator checked. Truseau went up alone, and without the wings. Someone else had to have had them stashed somewhere ahead of time. Both deaths are looking a lot like premeditated murder."
"Yep," Dan said. "By the way, name's Dan." He held out his right hand.
The man stood up and brushed a hand through his short dark gray hair. He looked Dan in the eye and shook hands with him. "Detective Wilson."
"Right then. I'll leave you to it, Detective. If I find out anything, I'll let you know. My associate at the agency already has your contact information."
Detective Wilson cocked his head. "Of course. Thanks."
Dan nodded and left, talking to Ms. January as he walked back down the stairs and on to the convention. "It looks like we finally have some suspects then. I assume you have the list of all Warpstone University students and faculty who have passes for the convention."
"Of course," she said. "I've already sent it to you. But you won't like it."
He sighed. "How many?"
"Thirty eight. One other professor and all the rest current or recent students,."
"Hm. Tell me about the professor."
She told him about Professor Ambrameld, who like the other two professors, was invited to the convention to speak about various aspects of color and how it influences comics. And like the other two professors, he'd been invited and accepted to speak at the convention for the past three years.
"Sounds like he could either be the killer or another potential victim. Either way, it sounds like it would be a good idea to keep an eye on him."
"Well, Dan. I've found his hotel room. It's on the ground floor on the north side of the building."
He nodded. "So no falling off or burning in the sun on his deck then."
Ms. January agreed. "No security cameras are allowed in the hotel rooms but I'll keep watch as best I can. You might linger near the room tonight. I'd like some time off to eat and bathe. There's no way I'm bringing my laptop in the bathroom."
Dan laughed. "Afraid the camera might accidentally switch on?"
"Forget accidentally. I know laptop cameras can be hacked."
"Don't worry," he said. "I'll take a couple of shifts tonight. I'm sure you'll want to sleep sometime tonight. What's his speaking schedule?"
"He gives an hour long talk tonight at eight. I'll check for him in the convention and let you know when he leaves to go back to his hotel room. So you can go back to your comics now."
"Right. Talk to you later tonight."

* * *

It was Friday night and Dan returned to his hotel room around eight with a large pizza box held by one arm and a stack of comics cradled by the other. He prepared for another perfect "read and feed" session. 
He took his phone out of his back pocket and placed it on the table directly in front of him. With his best glare, he willed it not to interrupt him, but just after taking his first bite of meat lover's pizza, the phone hummed on the tabletop.
After spitting bits of pizza across the room with some choice curses, he answered. "Talk to me."
"Oh. Your mouth is full. Late dinner?"
"'s okay. You talk. I'll listen. And eat." He took another bite of pizza and moaned in pleasure.
After a short pause, Ms. January started. "University staff confirmed that Professor Learman isn't... wasn't a smoker."
Dan grunted to acknowledge her.
"And once again, I couldn't find any death threats or suicidal tendencies. The list of students at the convention included eleven with color. I noted that in the list that I sent you. I tried to cross-check the purchase of the brand of cigarettes at the murder scene with recent purchases by the students but found nothing. Of course, that doesn't mean anything. The pack of cigarettes could've been bought with cash."
Dan grunted again and wiped some grease from the corner of his mouth before taking another big bite.
"If you keep making noises like that, I'm going to record you and play it back for your mother."
He growled and Ms. January quickly moved on to the next subject. "Seriously, Dan. I've got nothing. This killer is clever, making the murders look mostly accidental and hiding in a comic convention full of people."
After swallowing and having a sip of root beer from the well-stocked mini-fridge in the room, he asked, "You mean clever like a professor? Where is Professor Ambrameld?"
"He's still at the convention in the middle of his talk. There are no security cameras in the room where he's giving his talk, but I have eyes on the door to the room."
"Let me know when he's done. I'd like to interview him."
Ms. January sighed. "Yes. I've heard you can be a regular truth detector with your enhanced senses. Must be nice."
"Works well in the field," he said before taking another bite of pizza.
"Right, then. I'll leave you to your dinner and comics."
He grunted again and they disconnected.
Dan went back to reading his murder mystery graphic novel and mowed through over half of the pizza while yet another nefarious convention event began to unfold.

* * *

Professor Ambrameld had just left the noisy convention center when his phone vibrated. The older, slightly overweight man stopped on the sidewalk to read the message, a warm breeze ruffling his curly gray hair. He wore shorts and a black tee shirt with a light gray smiley face that covered the front of the shirt. The smiley face had long fangs.
The text message mentioned something about wanting to meet him in a nearby park to discuss some controversial aspects of the talk that he just gave. Directions followed, and curiosity piqued, he soon started walking in the direction of the park.
After a ten minute walk and breathing hard from the slight incline, he made it to a dark corner of the park and sat on a bench, catching his breath and waiting for the person who texted him. He didn't wait long.
The person who wanted to meet him said something about wanting a dark spot for ambience. That same person waited not far behind the bench, and they came forward, dressed all in black with a ski mask and gloves, the left hand holding a drug-soaked rag. The slender person roughly grabbed the professor by his hair with one hand and pulled back, eliciting a gasp from the older man. At the same time, they pressed the rag over the professor's mouth. In a matter of seconds, Professor Ambrameld slumped, unconscious on the park bench.
With the professor under control, the person went back for a large, thick bag and very slowly and carefully arranged the contents before reaching in with the right hand and tightly holding a live cobra by the head. Most of the snake's body remained in the bag. Only the head was pulled out, with extra care taken to handle the flaring hood.
The person in black slowly walked around the bench and squatted low near the back of the professor's bare legs, pressing the mouth of the cobra against the skin of the lower right leg. The angry snake bit the professor and injected a lethal dose of venom.
No one witnessed the person quickly stuffing the snake back into the bag and hurrying away with it, leaving the professor to die in well under an hour.

* * *

As Dan slouched in his chair, reading his graphic novel and happily digesting all but three slices of an extra large pizza, his phone vibrated on the table where he'd left it. He watched it move slightly as it vibrated, his gaze as intense as any wild predator stalking their prey. After the third buzz, he snatched it off the table to answer it, half snarling as he spoke. "Yeah?"
A pause on the line left everything quiet enough that he could hear the caller's breathing, and by her breathing, he could tell who'd called, even if he didn't see her name flash on the screen.
He forced a smile and used a pleasant tone of voice to say, "Ms. January. How nice of you to call. You have somewhat good timing. I finished my dinner but I'm in the middle of reading the last chapter of my murder mystery." Then his tone changed to barely suppressed anger. "So. You have a very good reason to interrupt me?"
"Okay. Stop it, Dan. Stop the drama. Did you forget about interviewing good Professor Ambrameld?"
"Huh?"
"You did, didn't you. Our suspect has left the conference building. Would you like directions to his hotel room now? Or would you rather try to interview him after he's fled the country to avoid prosecution?"
Dan muttered curses under his breath as he slipped his shoes on and hurried out the door, getting directions along the way. In exchange for the directions, he promised to treat Ms. January to another dinner, and he didn't make any jokes about it.
Running most of the way, he made it to the professor's hotel in less than ten minutes, but he didn't think about appreciating his speed. The professor's imminent return to the hotel held all of his attention. It took several minutes of shouting from the phone to snap him out his hunting trance.
Ms. January huffed after she finally got a grunt of acknowledgment. "What is with you tonight? Are you always like this on your days off?"
"No. I'm... I have issues. Let's just leave it at that."
"Issues. Have you been getting professional help for these issues? Because it's starting to concern me."
"No. And sorry. I came to this convention to relax and forget all about my cloak and dagger job. But with two murders, I haven't been able to relax." He reasoned with himself that he didn't really lie about that. The second murder happened after his first night in his hotel, when he indulged in his favorite guilty pleasure. That was certainly a relaxing night.
"Right. Okay. You're forgiven then. I know how seriously you take your job."
He grimaced. "Yeah. Lives depend on it." Especially his own.
After fifteen awkward minutes of debating the merits of pizza, Dan grew restless and started pacing. "Are you sure he isn't already in his room?"
"I'm monitoring the hotel security cameras. He hasn't entered the hotel." Ms. January paused. "Don't tell me you're getting impatient? That doesn't sound like a useful job skill for you, Dan."
"This isn't a life threatening situation. There's no reason why I have to be patient."
She chuckled. "You mean you've got plans tonight and they're being postponed."
"Damn straight."
Another fifteen minutes of pacing while listening to Ms. January give him tips for better understanding women had him mentally screaming. "Enough," he said, his voice gruff and quiet. "I understand women better than you think."
"Oh?"
He cringed when he realized what he'd just said. He certainly didn't mean to say something like that. Ever. "Never mind women." He looked at the time on his phone. "It's nearly ten o'clock. I'm going to look for him. I'm getting a bad feeling about this."
Ms. January's laughter briefly tinkled in the background. "Never mind me," she said, and went back to laughing.
We waited until the laughter subsided. "Uh, yeah. But I could use your help." He paused before adding, "Please."
"Okay, Dan. I'm here."
"Yeah. You know about my enhanced senses. I'd like to get a good whiff of the professor's scent. Can you get me into his room? I might need his scent to track him."
"Ah. Of course. He's in room 147. But go to the hotel desk first. I'll be contacting the manager and see about getting you access."
"Thanks."
After a short delay, Dan had Professor Ambrameld's scent memorized and hurried over to the convention center. He kept the phone connection with Ms. January, but muted his phone. He didn't want her listening in and asking questions about any sounds he might make as he hunted the professor.

* * *

Directions weren't necessary for him to find the convention center. He knew the city layout and had an excellent sense of direction. He briefly unmuted his phone to ask which exit the Professor used to leave the convention center, and soon began his hunt.
As he lingered around the convention center, he knew finding the professor would be difficult. Asphalt and concrete didn't hold scent well, and competing city odors could overpower lesser ones. He had to supplement his senses with rational thought. He had to think like a professor at a convention and guess where the professor might go.
He quickly unmuted his phone. "Hey," he said, half shouting into the phone. "He isn't already at the airport, is he?"
Ms. January answered almost immediately. "Funny you should ask that."
"Then he is? He is at the airport?"
"No. Just funny you should ask. Again, you underestimate me. I've been keeping an eye on the airport with facial recognition software running in the background. Just get on with whatever it is you're doing."
"Right." He muted his phone again and got back to thinking like his prey.
From Ms. January's description of him, it didn't sound like the professor would go for any long evening walks, or any walks, period. That meant that the professor likely didn't go far, unless he hailed a taxi.
Dan reminded himself that he had a partner to rely on for any long distance destinations, like the airport. He just had to choose a direction that the professor might have walked and follow it while keeping his nose ready to catch the professor's scent.
The side of the building with the exit faced east. In Dan's mind, that probably meant that the destination was roughly east. He brought up a map of the city on his phone and zoomed in on his current location.
The street along the east side of the building led to a long string of restaurants and coffee shops to the north, with hotels and motels to the south. A park took up two city blocks to the east, and beyond the park, stood taller office buildings and a shopping mall.
To Dan, it seemed late for eating or drinking coffee, and the professor hadn't returned to his hotel room. That left the park.
He hurried over toward the park and once in it, with no one around, he enhanced his sense of smell as much as possible, so much so that his face extended out like the muzzle of a dog to make more room for sensory glands.
Sniffing and snuffling his way through the park, he caught a faint whiff that could've been the professor and ran ahead. He ran so fast, he almost missed the body that slumped on a park bench. He didn't see the body. With lamp posts positioned so far apart, and trees blocking much of the light, it was too dark to see well. It was his trusty nose that caught a stronger scent. He stopped and enhanced his nocturnal eyesight to catch sight of the professor's body, still warm but quite dead.
His enhanced senses helped him examine the dead body, beyond checking for a pulse and any sign of breathing. It didn't take him long to smell blood dribbling from the snake bite, and it didn't take much longer before he caught a trace of a distinctive and unpleasant sweet odor that reminded him of ether.
He walked around behind the bench, where the odor got stronger. It masked the scent of the murderer, even close to the ground when Dan squatted down for a closer sniff. He couldn't smell anything other than the ether, but he did see something scrawled in the dirt. Using his phone for better light, he saw what looked sort of like two crudely drawn smiley faces next to each other, one with two eyes and the other with one eye. The eyes looked like dots and the smiles like lines that were drawn with a fingertip, with the faces tilted slightly to the left. They reminded him of something else, but he couldn't quite remember. With the flash of his phone camera, he snapped a couple of photos and stood up to think.
Satisfied he knew what happened, he shifted his nose back to its usual shape and sensitivity so he could speak properly.
"Hey there," he said, speaking into his phone. "I found him. He's dead."
Ms. January gasped. "What? I really started thinking he'd murdered the other two. I kept imagining professional jealousy rearing its ugly head and having him take out his competition."
Dan couldn't help laughing.
She huffed. "It could happen." She paused. "Hey. It doesn't look like suicide, does it? Maybe he couldn't live with himself after murdering two of his fellow professors."
"Nice try but no. It's most definitely not suicide, though like the other two victims, it's been made to look accidental, at a superficial level. Once I point out the smell of ether around his mouth and the fact that none of the native venomous snakes could kill so quickly, I'll get the police on the right track." 
"He died from a snake bite?"
"Yeah. I'm guessing a cobra. They have a potent neurotoxin that can kill rather quickly."
She hummed. "On it." Less than thirty seconds later, she spoke again. "I found something. A little less than two weeks ago, a cobra was taken from a nearby zoo. The snake burglar mostly kept to the shadows and away from security cameras but one camera caught a brief glimpse of a slender figure dressed all in black, with gloves and mask. The snake hasn't been recovered."
"Hm. Definitely another premeditated murder then. That only leaves the thirty seven students as suspects. Just great." He paused a second or two. "Oh. I found something else. I'm sending a photo of it now."
Ms. January hummed. "Looks like Japanese."
"Yes! That's where I saw it. Katakana, right?"
"Right."
"What does it say?"
Dan heard the clicking of a keyboard, and within seconds, Ms. January told him. "It spells out the word, shin."
"Shin? What? What could that mean?"
"No idea, Dan. But it sounds like a clue."
"That's two clues then. A security camera still of a slender figure and the word, shin."
Ms. January huffed. "Not much to go on, is it."
"Better than nothing," he said.

* * *

Ms. January called the police while Dan waited at the murder scene. Per his recommendation, they brought several flood lights and a forensic team to check for clues. After setting up the bright lights, they reminded Dan of a stadium during a sporting event.
Dan started getting restless while he waited, but he smiled when he saw a familiar face. "Detective Wilson! You work long hours."
The detective bristled. "I was on call. You interrupted a nice relaxing evening."
"Wasn't me. It was him." Dan pointed to the dead body.
Detective Wilson sighed. "I've seen you at two murder scenes now. How do I know you aren't the murderer?"
"I guess you don't. Except you have my credentials and I've been helping you with clues."
"Yes, you and Ms. January. Thanks." The detective paused. "So what do you have for me? I haven't been briefed. I just got the call and hurried over here from home."
Dan filled him in with the details and waited for the usual questions.
"Okay. Do you mind telling me how you found the body so quickly? And how you just happened to notice the smell of ether. And how you even know what ether smells like?"
"I'll tell you and only you as a professional courtesy. But I expect you to keep it to yourself and out of your reports. Let the crime lab confirm it but leave me out of it."
Detective Wilson nodded.
"You must have noticed my color. With my special ability, I'm able to enhance my senses. Greatly enhance my senses. That's all I'm going to say."
"Okay then. Thanks. I won't say a word about it." He paused. "Except to say that something like that can really come in handy for this kind of work."
Dan smiled but didn't say a word.
The detective sighed. "Since you've shared something, I'll confess that with the area full of rattlesnakes, I probably would've called this an accidental snake bite death. The fact that rattlesnake venom takes a lot longer to kill someone wouldn't have occurred to me. Not without researching it. And... I wouldn't have been in the mood for research. Having my quiet evening interrupted doesn't help."
"I can relate. But you're on the right track now. And I'll be around to help. If that's okay with you."
"By all means, Dan."
"Glad you agree. I'd like police cooperation with something else too. Using the full extent of my ability, I'm confident that I could speed up the murder investigation. I only ask that you don't publicly reveal the murder until Sunday."
Detective Wilson paused a moment in thought. "Sunday. Basically only twenty four hours to catch a murderer?"
"Or at least weed out some of the suspects."
The detective nodded. "Right. Students of the college where the three dead professors taught."
"Exactly."
"So? How many then?"
Dan turned away from the man to stare at the forensic team going over the dead body. "Thirty seven are here at the convention."
"Shit."
"Yeah. But like I said, I should be able to weed out most of them."
"In a day." Dan turned and nodded to acknowledge him. "With your special ability." More nodding and he sighed.
After spending another hour going over Dan's observations, along with Ms. January's contributions, the police released Dan, who said good night to Ms. January and gave up on his evening plans. Instead, he quickly wolfed down the remaining three slices of pizza to satisfy the hunger pangs he got from his evening exercise, took a shower, and went to bed. He had a lot of legwork planned for tomorrow. 

* * *

While looking over the continental breakfast in the dining area of his hotel, Dan's phone vibrated in a lower pocket of his cargo shorts. He plucked the phone from his pocket with one hand and grabbed an onion bagel with his other one, and then walked to a two-person table by a window, plopping down in a chair before answering his phone. "Yeah? Whatcha got?"
Ms. January huffed. "Hello to you too, Dan."
He sighed. "Hello. Now please. Fill me in."
"See. That's better. I knew you could pass for a civilized human being."
Dan growled, but she filled him in anyway, while he watched people walk by outside.
All three victims not only taught at the same university, they were also all in the Department of Classical Studies, and their records were spotless. None of them had as much as a car accident or speeding ticket. And she told him that Professor Ambrameld, like his two colleagues, had been invited to and attended the convention for the past three years to give talks about how color has influenced comics and literature in general.
She paused a moment. "Ah. One last thing. I sent you an updated list of the students that identifies the eleven who have color."
"Do I detect a bias, Ms. January?"
"Just categorizing. You have to start somewhere."
"Well, according to statistics, those of us with color aren't any more intelligent or psychopathic than those without color."
"Yes, Dan. But what if color is involved? I've been thinking about motives and the best one I can think of is color discrimination."
He growled. "So you think the professors might have discriminated against a student with color? Did you forget that Professor Learman had color?"
"No. Of course I didn't forget. But her murder might have just been committed to throw us off the trail."
"Hm. I hadn't considered that. Good thought. I'll keep that in mind."
She paused a moment before quietly saying, "You're welcome."
He chuckled.
"So, Dan. I thought it to be a reasonable hypothesis. If a student felt like they were unfairly failed in a class, they might have wanted revenge. I looked through student records to see which suspects had the professors in a class, and who, if any, failed one or more of those classes."
"Disgruntled student runs amok?"
"No. Not amok. You know as well as I do that these murders were carefully planned."
"I do. But that motive isn't giving me warm and fuzzies."
"Warm and.... Right. Your instincts are good. There've been some low grades and a few students have dropped out for whatever reason, but no outright failures."
"Hm. The dropouts sound promising, but sometimes there's just no substitute for observing and interviewing. Looks like I'll be busy today."
She huffed. "What about trying to cut down the list of suspects first?"
"Well, all of the students seem to have had the opportunity. The professors had been sitting ducks. Too easy to isolate. And the only clues we've got is a bad camera still of a slender person dressed all in black at the zoo and the Japanese word for shin, drawn in the dirt. Until we can find a solid motive, I'm not eliminating any of them as a suspect until I at least see them first."
Ms. January sighed. "Time for more camera hacking then?"
"Yup. Dust off that fancy face recognition app you've got and lead the way to the first suspect." He checked the list of students that she'd sent to him. "Looks like the first one with color is Shelly Blanspung."
"As you wish."
He chuckled and stood up, stuffing his bagel into a lower pocket and keeping his phone handy in his left hand. As he passed the long table with the continental breakfast laid out on it, he guzzled three small plastic cups of orange juice in quick succession. With the cups discarded and a second bagel in hand, he pushed open a glass door with an elbow and walked toward the convention center.

* * *

Dan stopped walking and briefly closed his eyes to focus on the light breeze, just strong enough to gently ruffle his hair. The warm, mid-morning air felt good on his face and bare legs. When he opened his eyes, he enhanced his hearing and sense of smell, and the city rushed back in to fill his awareness. He loved his special ability.
As the convention center edged into view from around a hotel building, his phone vibrated, tempting him to answer in his usual gruff way. But he studied patterns, and he preferred not to be predictable. Being predictable could be dangerous.
"Why, Ms. January. How good of you to call."
The woman paused a few seconds. "Okay. That was different. But I guess I shouldn't be surprised."
He smiled. "Yeah. So? Did you find Shelly?"
"It took me a while, or I should say it took the facial recognition software a while, but I found her." She paused a couple of seconds. "I'm going to have to see about improving the software. It shouldn't have taken so long, not when we knew her approximate location."
"Dare I ask why it took so long?"
She sighed and uttered just one word. "Cosplay."
He chucked. "Hah. Your precious software can't handle disguises then?"
"It found her. Eventually. Just chill, big guy."
Dan laughed to himself. Chill. Great comeback for an ice queen.
Except she didn't act anything like his idea of a cold-hearted ice queen. She teased and laughed and gave as good as she got in his opinion. He found it unfortunate that they worked together. It never seemed like a good idea to date a coworker.
A hunger pang hit and he scowled. He reached his free hand in his pocket for the bagel he'd put there and stared at it in his hand. One bagel and some orange juice definitely wasn't enough for his breakfast, but it wasn't good etiquette to talk with a mouth full of food. He stuffed the bagel back in his pocket and tried to ignore his hunger.
"Okay then," he said. "Lead the way. And give me some background on her along the way."
"Please?" she asked.
"Please," he said in a quiet voice.
Ms. January gave him what little she knew about the young college student with color, speaking slowly, as if she was reading from a list.
Shelly was a graduate student, majoring in Zoology. She earned high grades and hadn't had classes with any of the three murdered professors. Her special ability was a very limited form of shape shifting. That got Dan's attention, and he thought he heard a tinge of jealousy in Ms. January's tone of voice.
"Hm," he said. "If she wasn't so young, sounds like a good match."
"Don't provoke me, Dan. I'm not a dating service."
"Sorry," he said, sounding contrite enough to mollify her. "I take it she used her ability for her cosplay."
"Assuming her fangs are real, yes."
"Fangs? You've got to stop teasing me. Who is she dressed up as?"
"She's a tiger woman, dressed in a black bikini, wearing thigh-high black leather boots, and carrying a whip. She must have used makeup for the stripes. I don't see any fur. But her face looks like a realistic mix of human and tiger. Her nose and fangs look very realistic."
Dan whistled. "This I gotta see. I wonder if she has the color right."
"Well, cameras can't show color so you'll have to see her in person. But what color is a real tiger? Does anyone know?"
"I read somewhere that between the black stripes, the fur is very much like the color of pumpkins. The color is called orange."
Ms. January hummed. "Orange. That's right after red in the rainbow, right?"
"That's right."
"So, Dan. Ever wonder how someone found out that tigers are orange and black? I can't imagine a tiger would be easy to colorize."
He chuckled. "Easy peasy, my curious colleague. Someone colorized a tiger cub."
He laughed outright when he heard an anguished cry and what sounded like a hand slapping a forehead coming from his phone. But his laugh cut short and he gasped when, after following directions to Shelly, he spotted the young woman, standing at a comic booth.
"What is it, Dan? Are you okay?"
"I've just spotted our first suspect, and I can tell you that she got the color right. Now I'm inspired."
"Wait. What are you going to do?"
He wasted a good smirk since Ms. January couldn't see him. But he couldn't help himself. "I'm going to definitely get on her good side and have her singing like a canary."

* * *

Dan stood in the bathroom stall and pulled off his shirt, changing it into a cloth bag with a draw string. After tying the drawstring to a belt loop on his shorts, he closed his eyes and imagined fur growing, and he felt his body change.
His skin sprouted horizontal stripes of orange fur, separated by stripes of black. The dusty orange color gradually lightened to white on his chest and on the inside of his upper arms and thighs. Long, straight claws sprouted from his fingertips, and his eye teeth extended to inch-long fangs. He kept his eyes and the rest of his face normal except for a short, fine layer of orange fur with pencil-thin black stripes roughly following the contours of his face and framing it, very much like a real tiger. A longer scruff of white fur grew out along his jawline and the sides of his face to round out his head, making it look larger. He changed his ears last, moving them up to the top of his head and shaping them into curved triangles with rounded tips.
Satisfied, he cracked the stall door open and peeked out to see his reflection in the wide mirror across from the stalls. Liking what he saw, he opened the door all the way and emerged, nodding and smiling.
With perfect timing, his phone vibrated in his back pocket and he awkwardly fumbled with it, his claws getting in the way.
"Yeah?" he answered.
"Are you finished?" Ms. January asked in a quiet voice.
He grunted and immediately held the phone away from his sensitive ear as his coworker started shouting.
"Selfies! Selfies! Oh, please, dear God, selfies!"
He chuckled. "Okay. Fine."
His camera clicked away, taking several closeups of his face and then a couple full shots of himself in the full-length mirror just inside the door of the restroom.
Within a few seconds of sending the photos to Ms. January, he again held the phone away from his ear to protect himself from the loud, happy squealing that erupted. It took her a few minutes to calm down, with her going from squealing, to shouting, and finally happy muttering.
Dan sighed. "Are you through?"
"Oh, no. I'm not through. Not by a long shot. But I'll try to be patient and wait for you to interview Shelly. I want to hear all the details afterward though. Please."
"Sure. Of course. Later."
"Bye, Kitty Cat."
He cringed as she disconnected. "She better not share those photos," he said to his reflection. "If I get a new nickname, I just might share my private nickname for her."
He walked out of the restroom and heard several gasps as convention goers got their first look at him as a tiger man. Ignoring everyone else, he focused on finding Shelly. She'd moved on from the comic booth where he first saw her, but it didn't take long to track her down at another booth. He caught up to her from behind and tapped her on the shoulder.
She turned her head to look over her shoulder and, like so many others, gasped when she caught sight of him. Her body whipped around to follow her head and she sounded almost like she was purring when she finally managed to speak. "Hello there. I'm Shelly. What's your name?"
"I'm Dan. Got a moment? I'd like to talk to you about something. Privately."
"I'd love to get private with you," she said, looking him up and down. "I love that you got the color right."
"Thanks. Let's go outside for a bit then. Follow me, please." He first thought about trying to find a vacant room, but he didn't trust her not to throw herself at him if they were alone together. He'd gladly suffer the heat outside for a short time if it would keep her under control.
"Gladly," she said, following him like a little lost puppy.
They wended their way through the crowds that filled the aisles between comic booths, both noticing admiring looks and the occasional gasp from those they passed. When they finally got to the nearest door, Dan pushed it open and got blasted by the dry desert heat. He underestimated the effect it would have on him with his fur.
After propping the door open a crack so they could get back in, the two of them stood under an awning near the building, with crushed cinder block filling the area between the sidewalk and the street. Light traffic kept noise to a much lower level than inside, making it easy to hold a conversation. Though a slight breeze swirled along the side of the building, it didn't help endure the heat.
Dan turned to face the woman, who kept eyeing him with undisguised lust. He didn't like it, but he understood and tolerated it. He let her get a good look until a car honked as it slowly drove past, annoying him further.
"Are you panting?" Shelly asked him with a smirk.
He was. He hadn't realized it, but he was. Panting helped animals handle the heat. They couldn't sweat so they panted.
"Yeah," he said, glad that she couldn't see him blush through the fur. "I really get into character."
She smiled. "So? What did you want to talk me about? It's too hot to stay out here for very long."
He edged by her to get downwind and got a raised eyebrow from her. "Are you aware that two professors from the college you attend have died here that past two days?" He focused his enhanced senses on her breathing and heart rate, as well as her scent. He'd have a very good indication of the truthfulness of anything she said.
"I know about the one who fell off the building. That got everyone talking. I didn't hear about a second one though." She paused. "Who was it?"
"Professor Learman."
"Ah. I've heard of her, but I didn't have any classes with her. How did she die? She didn't fall off a building too, did she?"
"No. She didn't fall. But I shouldn't say anything more. There's still an ongoing police investigation." He paused in thought.
Shelly ogled him while she waited for him to continue.
So far, Dan hadn't sensed any lies, and he didn't know what else to ask. He thought back to the night of Professor Truseau's death and remembered the scents. Shelly smelled distinctly of pine and vanilla, but he hadn't smelled that at any of the murder scenes. She hadn't had classes with any of the three murdered professors, and she hadn't shown any signs of nervousness. He decided to drop her to the bottom of the list of suspects and move on to the next one.
"Sorry for taking up your time. That's all I had. Thanks." He turned to go back into the building.
"Hey," Shelly said, reaching out to touch his arm. "Wait a minute. I thought you wanted to get private with me. We could go back to your hotel room if you like. Or mine. Whichever is closer."
"Oh. No. Too much to do. Sorry." He opened the door and walked quickly away with Shelly closely following him.
"Oh, come on. We're two of a kind here. I'd really like to check out your... fur. Please. Wait. Slow down."
She started sounding almost like a cat in heat to him, and when he caught a whiff of her arousal, he inwardly cringed. She was obviously very much attracted to him, but the feeling wasn't mutual. He hurried on through the crowd, pulling away from her and slipping into a restroom to get away.
He entered a stall and quickly reverted back to his usual self. That included his shirt that he pulled over his head, just as someone entered the restroom and called out his name. It was Shelly.
"Dan? Are you in here?" she asked.
He quickly increased his height and made himself slender at the same time, stretching his clothes to fit. He opened the stall door and caught himself, turning to flush the toilet. He felt her eyes on him as he quickly washed his hands. He wanted to tell her that she shouldn't be in the men's room. That he was sorry for leading her on when he had no interest in her. He turned to leave and guilt and regret stabbed his heart when he heard her crying.
"Hey," she said, sniffling. "Did you see a tiger man come in here?"
He didn't dare speak. He wasn't sure his voice would be different enough. So he just shook his head no and hurried out of the restroom, quickly losing himself in the crowd.

* * *

Dan mentally kicked himself all the way down the long hallway, checking for an empty room as he went. He found a room at the far end of the hall and shut himself in with a sigh while he shifted back into his normal self.
A quick speed dial and Ms. January answered. "Hello, Kitty Cat. Did you have a nice conversation with the tiger woman?"
Dan told her about his talk outside with Shelly and she laughed.
"It's not funny. Really not funny. I hurt her and left her crying the men's room."
Ms. January gasped.
"Hey! It's not what you think. She came into the men's room, looking for me. I hid in a stall and shifted into a tall, slender man. I came out and pretended I didn't know her. She started crying and asked if I'd seen a tiger man. I just shook my head and left. It was awful. I feel awful."
"Oh, Dan. I'm sorry."
She gave him a second suspect to interview, a Lacey Cranstarson who's majoring in Communications, and gave him directions to find the young woman.
Like Shelly, Lacey had color, but she wasn't in costume. She dressed nicely in a normal red dress with a hem that fell to mid-thigh.
Dan found Lacey standing in line with a gray classmate to have her photo taken with one of the many celebrities who attended the convention. When he approached her, she scowled at him. He rolled his eyes and when he looked down, he noticed that both her convention pass and her classmate's looked different. They were labeled as a one day pass.
He muttered a curse and hurried away.
"I should've thought to check for something like that," he said as he speed dialed Ms. January.
"Done so soon?" she asked.
"Yeah. I forgot about day passes. It'll be easy to whittle down the list of suspects by removing the students who only got a day pass. It's not likely that the killer would only have a day pass."
"Right! Of course. Just a minute, please."
Dan heard the clicking of keys on a computer keyboard, and within a minute, he received a new email with a shortened list of fourteen students at the convention. Three of the students, including Shelly, were identified as having color.
Ms. January easily eliminated another student as a suspect after looking for the second student with color on the list. Aaron Millispent was confined to an electric wheelchair. He couldn't walk or move his left arm and had only limited control over his right hand, just enough to work the controls of his wheelchair. He couldn't have stolen the cobra or committed any of the murders. That left twelve suspects. Still too many, but a lot better than thirty seven minus Shelly and Aaron.
Dan cursed under his breath. "I'm not wasting any more time if I can help it. Try filtering out the students who haven't had classes with any of the three murder victims. Who's left?"
More keyboard clicking and she answered, "Only four. All gray young men."
"Much better. Who's first on the list?"
"Oh. Wait a minute." She put him on hold for a minute and came back. "Detective Wilson just called. His lab confirmed the ether."
"Right. Already knew that. Anything else?"
"He wanted to know if you've made any progress."
"Just tell him that I still have too many suspects and I'm busy interviewing them. I don't want him interfering."
"Will do," she said, putting him on hold again.
While he waited, he thought about Detective Wilson and the detective's long, slow, methodical process that would be used to try to solve the murders. That process wasn't part of Dan's true line of work, and it didn't fit his style. He mostly followed his instinct with the help of his special ability, the only downside being the collection of evidence. He'd have to be careful if he expected to get a conviction and not just identify the murderer.
It still embarrassed him a little that it took him as long as it did to whittle the list of suspects down to four. He had to keep reminding himself that he wasn't really a police detective.
Several minutes passed, and he began to wonder what was taking his coworker so long. He didn't think it was jealousy that irritated him about the wait. Why would he be jealous of the detective? He wasn't dating Ms. January so it couldn't be jealousy, even if the police detective was single. Dan had checked the man's left ring finger to confirm it.
Ms. January kept him on hold for over fifteen minutes, each of which Dan counted while he waited. When she finally got back to him, he had to fight the urge to growl at her.
"Okay, Dan. I'm back. Miss me?"
"Get a grip. You weren't gone that long," he said, proud of how well he kept himself under control.
She huffed anyway. "I thought you might be nicer to me after what you did to Shelly. But I guess not."
He sighed. "Okay. I suppose I owe you another dinner then?"
"Yes. I think so."
She went on to describe the first suspect on the new list as a young gray man named Mel Feirsil. He had an English degree and had been a graduate student for a while before dropping out of college. The young man had had two classes with Professor Learman but none with either of the other two murdered professors.
"Ah. One of the dropouts. Interesting. Any idea why he dropped out?"
"No. But I'll be checking and get back to you on that. First, let me find him for you on the cameras."
"Hm. Just a look first. I want a quick look at each of the four. Please."
She paused a few dozen seconds as she sent something to Dan's phone. "Here's a quick still of Mel."
The photo only showed the top half of the man's body, but Dan saw enough to make him think that Mel's slight build could match the cobra thief.
Ms. January quickly sent a still of the second suspect on the shortened list, explaining that she'd been searching for all four of them in parallel to save time.
The second suspect was named Benji Pinstell. He was in his third year, majoring in Science Education. The young gray man had an athletic build, with broad shoulders.
Dan didn't eliminate him as a suspect based on his build. He didn't think it likely, but it was still possible that there was more than one person involved in the three murders. Benji had had one class with Professor Ambrameld and received a very low passing grade. Maybe the young man had a grudge against the professor.
That started Dan off on another line of thinking, imagining a murder club where students gathered to share ideas for offing their hated professors. That soon got him chuckling to himself.
"I've been reading too many comics," he said, forgetting for the moment that Ms. January could hear him.
"Why do you say that, Dan?"
"Nothing. No reason. Who's the next suspect?"
She told him about a young man named Yuri Sangmire who had been majoring in Business Administration but dropped out half way through his third year. He'd had classes with the two male professors and had barely passed Professor Truseau's. He'd been flunking Professor Ambrameld's class when he dropped out of school.
Dan's phone pinged and he brought up a still of Yuri, showing a scowling, wiry young man. "So. Another drop out. And what's with his name tag? That's not his name."
A white name tag had been stuck to the man's tee shirt with a single word. Shing.
"Shing," Dan said, musing. "That could be a sound effect for a sword being pulled from a scabbard. I wonder if it's a nickname."
The sound of a clacking keyboard coming from his phone told him that Ms. January was checking on it.
"It seems to be," she said after a minute. "He uses it, or variants of it with digits, in chat rooms but he generally gets teased about it."
"Hm. Sounds like a top suspect."
Ms. January agreed and moved on to the fourth and last suspect, a short, thin young man named Finn Macklend who was a senior majoring in Art History. He'd had classes with Professors Truseau and Learman and passed with average grades.
Dan frowned. "Hm. None of the prime suspects had classes with all three professors. And three of the four are slender enough to look like the cobra thief. I'm going to have to interview them."
The sound of Ms. January's clacking keyboard stopped. "Who's first then? And more importantly, are you going to change your appearance again?"
He chuckled. "I'm not doing anything fancy. But I might have just the thing to get something useful out of the suspects."
"This doesn't have anything to do with why you asked the police not to reveal Professor Ambrameld's death, does it?"
"Maybe, my dear. Just maybe."

* * *

Dan thought about the order in which he'd interview the four suspects. If he could eliminate a couple early on, it would help him focus more on the remaining suspects. With that in mind, he decided to see Benji Pinstell first and slipped into a bathroom stall to change his appearance.
His height shortened and his torso thickened, with his clothes changing to fit. The shorts didn't change much, but his shirt turned into a black tee shirt with a light gray smiley face that bared long fangs. His hair lengthened slightly and curled, and then he started the most difficult part of his transformation by turning gray. His colors slowly faded to different shades of gray and he paused a moment to mentally rest. He practiced some deep breathing exercises for a few minutes and ramped up his senses as much as he could without changing his appearance in any way.
He cracked open the stall door to peek at himself in the mirror and tweaked his face a little before walking out and inspecting himself more closely. After a minute or so, he nodded, satisfied that he looked exactly like Professor Ambrameld on the night of the man's murder.
This time, he didn't wait for Ms. January. He called her and had her compare his voice with some recorded lecture videos of the professor. His voice soon matched and she gave him directions to the suspect, who lingered near an area with several booths full of action figures.
Dan tapped the young man on the shoulder. "Excuse me, is that you, Mr. Pinstell?"
The man turned, a little surprised, but with nothing too extreme in his reaction from what Dan's enhanced senses told him.
"Professor Ambrameld? I didn't expect to see you here."
"I give talks about color here at the convention. You should come to one. You might learn something."
"Ha ha, Professor. Not really my thing. You should know given the low grade you gave me."
Dan shook his head. "You earned that grade. I didn't give it to you."
"Okay. Fine. You got me. See you around, Professor." Benji tried to walk away but didn't get very far.
"Hey, Mr. Pinstell. Be careful if you go over to the nearby park. There seems to be a cobra on the loose."
The young man stopped and turned. "What?"
"Cobra. On. The. Loose."
"And how would you know that, Professor?"
"It bit me."
"It... bit you. How are you not dead?"
Dan laughed, ready to mix a little of his own reality with an easy lie. As part of his own dangerous work, he'd developed an immunity to various poisons and snake bites, including cobras. He explained how he received injections of diluted cobra venom to develop a resistance to the venom. He wanted to travel and freely explore areas of the world with the dangerous snakes without having to worry about getting bit and dying.
Benji stared, wide-eyed. "Fascinating." He paused a moment. "And thanks for the warning. I think I'll steer well clear of that park."
"Probably for the best. Take care."
"You too, Professor."
Dan nodded to himself. He felt sure that he could eliminate Benji as a suspect after their little talk. That left three more, with Finn Macklend next on his list. Ms. January gave him directions and he followed the flow of people through the aisles, off to find young Mr. Macklend.

* * *

Finn Macklend stood maybe five and a half feet tall, very thin with light gray hair and eyes even a lighter shade of gray than his hair. The young man was a senior majoring in Art History. He wandered along the line of booths set against one of the outer convention center walls, quietly humming to himself.
Dan followed along behind Finn and shook his head at the contents of the black plastic bag that Finn carried. A white unicorn head with overlarge eyes and a crooked smile peeked out through the opening. If the young man bought it for himself, Dan would most likely eliminate Finn as a suspect, but it's possible that the plushy could be a gift for a younger sister or niece. It was best to wait and reserve judgment. Murderers, like all human beings, spread across a broad spectrum of appearance and demeanor.
During one covert operation for his agency, Dan had met a ruthless Latin American drug lord who watched women's wrestling while bathing in champagne. The bubbles tickled the man's erogenous zones. Dan knew that for a fact because he'd electronically listened in on the man talking to the bubbles, encouraging them to tickle him between giggle fits.
While Dan had been losing himself in an unpleasant memory, he almost ran into Finn, who stopped to stare at a booth across the aisle. The booth had Japanese magical girl action figures strapped high on the walls, alternating with boxed DVD sets of magical girl anime.
Finn seemed transfixed. His eyes dilated and his breathing quickened as he slowly walked to the magical girl booth. Dan confirmed the physical reactions, including an increase in the young man's heart rate. Finn had it bad for magical girls.
A man in his mid-thirties currently ran the booth, and like Dan, the man scowled as he watched Finn smile while gently caressing a box that held one of the action figures.
Dan shook his head as he edged closer. Okay. A little creepy but I can't see him killing a spider let alone a human being. Still, as long as I'm here.
"Hello, Mr. Macklend. Great convention, isn't it?"
The young man startled and fumbled with the action figure box, dropping it on the floor.
And another strike against you, Finn. You're not very coordinated.
The gray young man bent down to pick up the box, and when he stood up again, he looked at the fanged smiley face on Dan's shirt and cringed. "Wait. I've seen you before. Aren't you a professor at Warpstone University? What are you doing here?"
Dan laughed. "Doesn't anyone sit in on the panels? I give talks about how color influences comics."
"Oh. I'm not really into comics. But thanks." He turned back to the table with the action figures.
"Well, I really just wanted to warn you about a cobra on the loose in the park."
Finn froze. "Do not talk to me about those things!" he said in a loud whisper.
"Huh?"
He whipped his body around to face Dan. "You know. That legless creature you mentioned. I have a phobia, you know."
"No. I didn't know. Sorry. I just wanted to warn you. You probably shouldn't go to the park then."
"I'm not going anywhere near any park thank you very much. Now if you'll excuse me...." Once again he turned back to the stacked boxes of action figures on the table.
And strike three. You're off the list of suspects, Finn.
Dan left the booth with a spring in his step. Two quick interviews and two eliminations, just like that. Only two suspects left, and both were college dropouts. He followed Ms. January's directions back toward a cluster of comic booths to find Mel Feirsil for the next interview.

* * *

Mel Feirsil stood reading a comic at an independent comic publisher's booth. The pale young man had a slight build, with short black hair and intense, light gray eyes. He was an English major but quit shortly after beginning his second year of graduate school. Ms. January still hadn't found out why he dropped out of college.
Dan watched from a short distance away, noting the man's confident stance and posture. The comic that Mel read was a popular urban fantasy title that Dan himself read and enjoyed. The comic got very good reviews from both critics and general readers, but Mel occasionally shook his head and looked almost disgusted at one point. Apparently, the comic didn't impress the young man.
According to Ms. January, the young man worked as a manager of a pet store, and Dan guessed that he wasn't happy there.
After watching the wannabe critic for another ten minutes or so, Dan finally decided to approach him.
Mel looked up from his comic as if sensing someone was approaching him. His eyes widened and he gasped when he focused on who he thought was Professor Ambrameld.
"Hey there, Mr. Feirsil. Are you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost."
The young man sputtered but quickly recovered well enough to speak in a quiet voice. "I didn't think they let professors come to these conventions."
Dan laughed. "Good one. I guess you missed my panel about how color influences comics."
The man smirked. "No. Just kidding. I sat in on your panel last night. I guess I'm surprised to see you around the comic booths. Do you actually read any comics? Or do you just give talks about them?"
Smooth. But his initial reaction was a bit more extreme than the other two. Time to step up my game.
"I've read a few. But I recognized you and I thought I'd relay a warning."
Mel cocked his head. "A warning? About what?"
"Something unusual happened to me in a nearby park. I don't remember it very well as I got a bit ill afterward. But from the symptoms I had, it would seem I was bitten by a cobra."
"Seriously? And you survived?"
As before, Dan recounted how he'd received injections of diluted cobra venom so he could develop a resistance to the venom. He lied about wanting to travel and freely explore areas of the world that had dangerous snakes without having to worry about dying from a snake bite.
"Very interesting. But I guess that makes sense."
Dan nodded but didn't say anything as he focused on Mel's heart rate and respiration.
Mel waited a short time and started fidgeting. "Well, thanks for the warning about the park. I'll stay well away from it. What did you say its name was again?"
"Oh. I don't remember the name. It's just a little east of the convention center."
"Right. I'll avoid it then. Easy enough to do. It's too hot to be outside anyway."
"I was bit last night, when it was cooler."
A little irritation crept into Mel's voice. "Ah. Okay then. I'll try to avoid it whenever then. Thanks again." He turned slightly away from Dan and went back to reading his comic.
Dan slowly walked away, digesting what he'd learned from the latest interview. It took several hums from his phone before he answered.
"Hey, J. It looks like we've got a good suspect. Mel Feirsil was cool as a cucumber. Maybe too cool. Did you find out why he dropped out of college?"
"Not yet... D. Still looking."
He laughed. "D is better than Kitty Cat."
"Whatever. Are you ready to interview our last suspect?"
"Right. Lead on, MacJay."
"Keep it up, MacDee, and you'll owe me another dinner."
He laughed again and followed her directions to the last suspect.

* * *

The fourth and last suspect, Yuri Sangmire, stood near a booth full of Japanese comics, called manga. He leafed backwards through one comic full of action and violence before moving on to another, equally violent comic.
The wiry young man looked to be about average height, with straight black hair poking out in all directions. He wore all black except for a white name tag stuck to his tee shirt. The name tag had his nickname, Shing, handwritten on it in ink.
Dan stood about ten feet away, watching for a short time, noting how the man couldn't seem to hold still. The young man had a nervous energy about him. After watching Yuri skim through a fourth comic, Dan finally moved in for the interview.
"Hello, Mr. Sangmire. Remember me?"
Yuri's eyes first dropped to Dan's shirt, and the young man smirked. "I like your shirt." He slowly looked up to see who he thought was Professor Ambrameld and scowled. "Oh. It's you."
"You do remember me. I'm flattered."
"Don't be. You and your cronies were determined to flunk me out of school so I beat you to it and quit. Why don't you just leave me alone?"
"I'm not here to bother you. I'm here to give you an important warning."
Yuri's eyes narrowed. "Is that a threat? Are you threatening me?"
Dan cocked his head, all his senses registering anger from the young man. "I haven't really said anything yet. I just wanted to warn you about a cobra in the nearby park."
"Cobra? Seriously? I call bullshit."
"I'm not lying. I was bit by a cobra in the park and it's still on the loose."
Yuri laughed. "If you were bit by a cobra, you'd have to be dead by now. So I'm talking to a ghost. This is precious." He looked around, his scowl quickly returning. "Can anyone else see this doofus talking to me?"
Two other convention goers in the booth nodded.
"Okay. I'm not imagining you. You're either lying or you're a ghost with very good control over your appearance. Guess which way I'm leaning."
Dan nearly snarled with barely suppressed anger of his own. "I'm not lying and I'm not a ghost. I can see why you gave up on college. I'll just tell you that I got injections of diluted cobra venom to develop a tolerance to it. I wanted to walk through places in the world where I might stumble upon a cobra and I didn't want to get bitten and die."
The young man's eyes widened in surprise. "That's... that's actually kind of badass." Then his scowl returned with a vengeance. "But I still hate you and your college. You've warned me about a stupid cobra. Now buzz off."
"Fine."
Dan stalked off, shaking his head at Yuri's attitude. The young man definitely had anger management issues.
After finding a small, empty room, he contacted Ms. January. "Interviews are done. I'm still not exactly sure who the murderer is but I have it narrowed down to two."
"Okay, Dan. That's good. What about evidence? I don't think your instincts and enhanced senses are going to be enough to get a conviction."
"Right. I thought of that. But before I get to it, I have a couple of questions. First, does Yuri Sangmire speak Japanese?"
"Just a second...," she said as the sound of her fingers typing on her keyboard mixed with the sound of her voice. After less than a minute, she answered. "Yes. Fluently."
"As I thought. And how does his nickname translate into Japanese?"
"You mean Shing? Just a second...." More keyboard clacking for about the same amount of tie and she answered. "Hey. Using the katakana script, shing translates as shin."
"One of our clues. Yes. I wonder if he might have thought he was secretly adding a signature to what he might have thought of as a work of art."
Ms. January huffed. "Still not enough to convict."
"Yeah. You're right. Looks like I'll have to get the murderer to confess."
"Get him to confess? How?" She paused a few seconds when Dan's plan occurred to her. "Oh, no. Tell me you're not going to offer yourself as bait."
He chuckled. "I don't consider myself bait. I can easily handle either of the young men."
"Well, you should know that on the day that Mr. Sangmire quit school, he dressed as a samurai, complete with an authentic katana. Campus security was called to escort him off campus."
"Nice. But I'm still not impressed. If I see him carrying a katana, I'll adjust my plan. But I guess I can thank you for letting me know. I'll be prepared."
"Okay. And?"
"And what?"
"You haven't actually thanked me, Dan."
"Oh. Technically, I guess I haven't."
"And?"
"Dear Ms. January, do I really have to say it?"
"It'd be nice."
He laughed. "Thanks."
"You're welcome. But I think you owe me another dinner."
"What? Why? I thanked you."
"It's the little things, Dan. They add up you know. So just buck up and pay up."
"Fine. I owe you another dinner."

* * *

It was simple to set himself up as bait, with Ms. January's help. Dan got the mobile numbers of the two main suspects and he texted them a simple message from a spoofed account. "I'll be in room 147 of the Stargild hotel if you want to talk - Ambrameld."
With that done, he got access to the professor's room and planned to go over clues and evidence with Ms. January while he waited for the murderer to show up on his doorstep.
Dan sighed, not liking his modified voice, not liking having to keep Professor Ambrameld's form for an extended period of time. He'd changed forms for hours on previous occasions, but he'd been in much fitter bodies then. He didn't like his current body, so he began to distract himself as soon as he could. "Anything on the materials that were used to create Professor Truseau's wings?"
"Not really. I checked all the local craft shops, but again, paying by cash makes it too hard to track. We can't rely on anyone's memory. There've been a lot of unusual purchases lately for costuming."
"Right. I didn't really expect you to find anything. Just asking." He paused. "And nothing on the security cameras?"
"No, Dan. Nothing."
"Hm. What about outside? Are there external cameras?"
"There are. But they're all pointed at the ground, not the roof."
The more he thought about it, the more he realized that Professor Truseau wasn't the main target. The killer could've stopped with Professor Truseau and would've easily got away. He might still get away if he didn't take the bait. Dan had a good idea who the murderer was, but he didn't have the evidence to prove it.
"On to Professor Learman then. I assume you have no camera footage of any students buying the same brand of cigarettes that we found with her dead body?"
"Again, cash is untraceable, Dan."
"Yeah. Foo on cash. Foo, I say."
Ms. January laughed. "It would make it a lot easier for us if everyone had to pay with plastic, but the government isn't going to stop printing money any time soon."
"Okay. Agreed. What about cameras at Professor Learman's hotel?"
"Nothing I could find. The elevators and lobby are well-covered. No cameras in the stairwells though. I'm sure the killer used the stairs."
Dan sighed. "That leaves Professor Ambrameld. No lead on the ether? Or on chemicals used to make ether?"
"Nope. And nope. It could've been bought or made anywhere months ago."
"Yeah. As for the cobra, we saw the skulking figure had gloves and a mask. That means no fingerprints, and likely no hairs. All we have is a dark still of his figure and the Japanese for shin written in the dirt."
"This one is slippery, Dan. Please be careful."
"Well, there might still be a couple of things left to do. Like social media postings during the time that the cobra was stolen. Doesn't the video camera show the time along with the footage?"
"Hey. That's good, Dan. It wouldn't be proof but it could be used to eliminate a suspect."
"Not so sure about that. The killer could've brought a phone and posted something along the way."
"Sure. But let me check...." The clicking of Ms. January's keyboard came over the phone for several minutes.
While he waited, Dan thought about what she might be wearing. He tried to imagine her wearing dark gray pajamas with little white cartoon horses on them and barely stifled a laugh.
"What are you doing, Dan? Was that a laugh?"
"No. Nothing." He paused a moment and changed the subject. "Have you looped in Detective Wilson?"
"Yes, of course. I wasn't going to leave you alone without backup."
"But I've got you, dear Ms. January."
"Being on the phone doesn't count as backup, dearest Dan. Don't make me pummel you."
"Hm. That might be fun."
She huffed. "You're hopeless. Just stop with the noises while I work. It's distracting."
After another couple of minutes, her keyboard went silent. "I've got nothing," she said. "Neither suspect posted anything around the time that the cobra was stolen."
"Okay. That's fine. What about motive? We still have yet to establish a solid motive. Both suspects dropped out of college. Did you figure out why? I heard directly from Mr. Sangmire that he was flunking his classes and decided to give up on college. He sounded rather bitter about it."
"Right. As I said before, Mr. Sangmire went out in a blaze of glory as a samurai. No one was hurt but I read a report that said Professor Truseau was quite shaken when Mr. Sangmire brandished the katana and sliced a textbook in half."
"It happened in Professor Truseau's class? That's a pretty strong connection."
She sighed. "It seems like Mr. Sangmire had the outlet he needed, but if he's still very angry like you said, maybe it wasn't enough."
"Hm. And it doesn't explain why he'd kill Professor Learman. What about Mr. Feirsil? Any idea why he dropped out?"
"Right. I did find a couple of rejected master theses. Professor Learman was his thesis advisor."
"Hey now. That's interesting. What are the thesis titles?"
She hummed a little while her keyboard clacked, and after several seconds, she read the titles. "The first thesis was titled, Color as an Explanation for Ancient Heroes. It was rejected for being too general, too hard to prove, and irrelevant."
"Hm. I can see that. And the later one?"
"It was titled, Color as the Basis for the Downfall of Ancient Civilizations. It was specific enough and had much better relevance for Professor Learman, but it was still too hard to prove. We don't have any evidence of color before about a hundred years ago."
"Yeah. It seems reasonable to reject them. It would certainly be a petty reason to murder three professors, especially if you didn't have classes with all of them. If I didn't have my interviews, I'd be lost."
Ms. January huffed. "Yes. About that. You still haven't told me what those magnificent enhanced senses told you."
"I might tell you. Someday. But not today. I'm thinking that only one of the professors was the main target. The other two murders were most likely committed to throw us off the trail."
"I thought of something like that too. Remember? But it seems a bit much in this case, don't you think?"
"Ah, Ms. January. Who knows how a deranged killer really thinks?"
"Oh. What you said. I'd hate to be someone who tries to profile murderers. The profiler would have to get inside the head of those deranged maniacs. That can't be healthy."
"No. From what I hear, it's not. Let's hope we don't have to do anything like that. I'm hoping, and betting, that the killer gives himself away. If not, I have a backup plan. But I don't think you'd like it."
"And," she paused for dramatic effect. "I don't want to hear it."
"So that leaves just one thing."
"Right. The waiting. Shall I queue the elevator music?"
"Ha ha, Ms. January. It is to laugh. I shall enjoy paying you back during the dinners that I owe you."
She laughed. "I just love a man with a sense of humor."

* * *

By early evening, Professor Ambrameld's hotel room had all of the latest listening devices placed to detect the slightest whisper anywhere inside the room. Ms. January and Detective Wilson stood by, listening and waiting.
Dan didn't like the wait. With a tiny, wireless earbud hidden in his left ear, he paced the floor, grousing to himself. "I should've brought some of my comics to read."
Ms. January's laughter tinkled in the background. "You've still got me to help keep you entertained."
"Please. No. I need to focus now."
"And reading comics is focusing?"
He sighed. "I meant focusing on sounds. I can read and listen very easily at the same time."
"Right. Sorry. I'll go back to what I do best: Digging up dirt on people."
"No. I'm sorry, Ms. January. You've done good work here. Thanks."
"Wow, Dan. A compliment and thanks both?"
He laughed. "You earned them. Just... accept them and be nice."
She went silent and he didn't like it. He expected her to continue. He found that he wanted her to continue. Her voice hit many of his favorite buttons, but if she didn't volunteer any more, he'd have to encourage her. "So," he began. "Who's your prime suspect, Ms. January."
"No way. You first. Who's your prime suspect? You're the one with the built-in lie detector. You tell me yours and I'll tell you mine."
"Oh. Hey. Wait a minute. Please tell me there aren't any cameras outside the hotel around my room."
"Why would you want to know that?" She paused a few seconds. "Unless you're hearing something outside."
"Yes. I hear something or someone, even with our conversation. Just a minute. Let me check it out."
Dan moved to the sliding glass door and while peeking outside at the darkening sky, he enhanced his night vision and saw a shadowy figure slowly approaching. He opened the door and called out. "Hey. Is that you, Mr. Feirsil? What are you doing outside my room?"
"Oh. Hi, Professor. I come bearing gifts, and I worried that the hotel might try to stop me if I went through the lobby."
Dan moved back to allow Mel to enter the hotel room. "By all means. Come on in. What do you have there?"
"It's called butterbeer. Ever have it? I made it myself. It's creamy and sweet with a pleasant almond smell."
Mel was all smiles now, much different from the arrogant, aloof person he'd been at the convention. It raised more than a few alarm bells in Dan's mind.
Since Mel knew it was possible to develop a resistance to cobra venom, he likely did some research to see that it was possible to develop a resistance to a lot of different poisons. But there was one easily available poison that would work on humans and most other mammals without fail, and a form of that poison had an almond scent. It was cyanide. Strangely, there was one animal that had a resistance to cyanide, but scientists weren't sure how the resistance worked. It didn't matter though, because Dan wasn't about to change into a panda.
Being offered a beverage laced with cyanide might just be enough evidence to convict the young man, but Dan didn't want to take any chances. Even though he wouldn't change into a panda, he had a way to block the effects of the cyanide with his special ability. It would be perfect too. If he drank the poison, he'd have a much better chance of getting a killer to monologue a confession. The killer would think that he'd soon have another victim who couldn't tell anyone.
"Dan?" Ms. January said in a low whisper. "You're not planning on drinking the butterbeer, are you? You know it's probably poisoned. I'm guessing cyanide but you'd know better than me. Please don't drink it."
Neither Detective Wilson nor Ms. January knew about his ability to control his digestive system, and he couldn't very well tell them. He'd have to rely on them to trust him and not come in too soon, before any confession. But he still decided to try a subtle warning.
"Well, Mr. Feirsil, is your butterbeer alcoholic? Just curious. It shouldn't matter though. With my constitution, I'm sure I can handle any drink."
"Hey, Professor. Please. Call me Mel. And no. There's no alcohol in the butterbeer. I wouldn't want to get you drunk before your talk later tonight." The young man held out a tall glass with an amber liquid, topped with what looked like whipped cream.
Dan took a quick sniff and smelled a heavy mixture of sugar and almond. "Oh. That's right," he said. "With everything that's happened, I almost forgot about my second panel." He'd have to stall a minute or so to make sure his digestive system wouldn't absorb anything before he took a sip. In an hour or two, he'd be able to pass out the contents of the drink with no ill effects. The police would likely have a confession along with evidence of cyanide.
Mel simply grinned back at him. "Understandable."
After taking his time, pretending to inspect the drink, he finally held his glass out to Mel, saying, "A toast. To the future."
"To the future," the young man said.
Dan took a small sip first, noting the flavor for future reference, before following up with drinking the rest of it. He stopped, wiping some whipped cream from his lips and gasping a little in an attempt to get a confession started. "Odd flavor. It's a mix of very sweet and something else that I can't quite place."
Mel's face immediately changed as the young man flashed a wicked grin. "Ah. That would likely be the cyanide."
"Cyanide? You're having us drink cyanide?"
"Who said I had cyanide in mine? I only put it in yours. Take a hint, Professor. You're as good as dead this time."
"Seriously? So you did have something to do with the cobra then?"
The young man looked smug as started a monologue. He confessed to stealing the cobra, drugging Professor Ambrameld, and having the cobra bite the professor. "I'm disappointed that the cobra didn't kill you." He laughed. "I guess it's true what they say. If you want a job done right, you've got to do it yourself."
Dan sat down on the bed, acting as if he didn't feel well. "And you drew the little Japanese characters to falsely implicate Shing?"
"That I did. I noticed that the police were taking the first two murders a little too seriously, so I thought I'd misdirect."
Dan tried not to grin. "You murdered Professors Truseau and Learman too?"
The young man nodded and grinned with a maniacal glint to his eyes.
"So that's a yes?" Dan said, trying to prompt the man to confess verbally for the recording.
Mel frowned. "Yes. Yes. I murdered that cow, Learman. And you and Truseau were to be the bookends to prop up my masterpiece. That's why I came to visit you tonight. I wanted to make sure I finished what I started. Warpstone University needed a classical studies overhaul."
Dan nodded. "Are you aware that your Japanese isn't very authentic? Japanese, even katakana, is somewhat of an art form. Your crude little drawing didn't fool me at all. Mr. Sangmire would've done a much better job of it since he's fluent in Japanese."
"What are you talking about? Are you saying you knew I murdered the other two?"
"That's right."
"Then why would you carelessly drink something that I handed you? Do you have a death wish or something?"
Dan stood up then, looking completely well. "Not at all. You can't kill someone more than once, Mr. Feirsil. Maybe I'm already dead. Maybe the cobra bite actually did kill me."
"What? Did that cyanide go right to your brain or something? Are you delusional?"
"I'm totally unaffected by your cyanide. Explain that, Mr. Smarty-pants."
Detective Wilson chose that moment to quickly enter the room, followed by two uniformed policemen. The door had been kept slightly ajar to make it easy for them.
"Okay, Mr. Feirsil. We've heard enough. You're under arrest for the murder of three professors, Truseau, Learman, and Ambrameld."
Mel stood, gaping a short moment before shouting. "But I only killed two of those arrogant pricks. Professor Ambrameld is right here. I haven't killed him."
The detective flashed a wicked smile. "Professor Ambrameld is dead, kid. He died from a cobra bite, and we have a recording of you saying that you stole the cobra and had it bite the professor. You're going to prison." Detective Wilson turned to one of the policemen behind him. "Anderson, read this man his rights."
With Mel distracted, Dan rushed out of the room and down the hall to a small alcove, where he shifted back into his colorful, normal self, including clothes. He walked back just in time to see Mel being half dragged out of the room by the two uniformed policemen.
"No," the young man said, shouting. "There's no such things as ghosts. No way!"
Dan walked up to Detective Wilson, who shook his head.
"Nice, Dan. If I didn't see you as Professor Ambrameld with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it."
"Please. Don't spread it around. And don't include it in your report."
"I might need you as a witness, but you can come as you are, I guess." He paused a moment. "What about the cyanide? Will you really be okay?"
Dan nodded. "I'll pass it out safely, and I'll save it for you if you need it. But again, I'd rather not be involved. You shouldn't need an attempted murder along with three actual premeditated murders to put Mr. Feirsil away for the rest of his life."
"True." The detective held out his hand. "And thanks. I appreciate the help. Both you and Ms. January."
Dan shook his hand. "You're welcome. From both of us."
Ms. January huffed in his ear. "Thanks for thinking of me, Dan."

* * *

Dan made it back to his room for a late dinner with his beloved comics, followed by a relaxing time indulging in his favorite guilty pleasure. He'd already passed the butterbeer out of his system and saved the poisoned drink in a bottle for police, and he'd followed that up by flushing himself out with a half gallon of water.
He smiled when he thought about his plans for the rest of the night and the first half of tomorrow. He'd still have some time to himself on Sunday so he could enjoy the convention, going back through the booths to talk to his favorite comic creators.
Just as he set out the greasy burger and fries on the table, well away from his comics, his phone vibrated.
"Yeah? That you, Ms. January?"
"Unk. Unk. It me. You Dan? Me Jay."
"Dang. Sorry again. Five dinners then?"
She laughed. "Yes. That makes five, thank you very much. I'm going to enjoy collecting. But I'll try to make sure you have some fun too. Don't worry."
"Oh, I'm not worried. Much."
"Much? What does that mean?"
"There's still the matter of the cobra on the loose. Unless Mr. Feirsil killed it. Do you know if he said anything about what he did with it?"
"Oh, yeah. Detective Wilson briefed me. Mr. Feirsil let the cobra go."
Dan gasped. "Seriously? In the city?"
"No, silly. Out in the desert. It might even survive if it can find a decent source of water. But it won't be reproducing at least. Not by itself. That's good."
"Yeah. Sounds good."
"Okay now, Dan. The police have the killer in custody. Dare I ask you what your backup plan was if Mr. Feirsil didn't confess?"
He laughed. "Does it matter? The killer is behind bars and all is well."
"Nuh uh. Nope. No way. All is not well."
"What are you talking about?"
She laughed. "You still owe me five dinners."
They talked for several minutes until Dan's keen sense of smell and hunger pangs reminded him that he still had dinner to eat. He tried to hang up but she wasn't quite done with him.
"Hey," she said. "You never did tell me your top guilty pleasure."
He smiled. "I'd have to get to know you a lot better before I'd feel comfortable telling you. Need to know only."
"Challenge accepted."
"Huh?"
She laughed. "Oh, Dan. Don't tell me you didn't realize."
"Realize what?"
"You didn't notice the flirting? Seriously?" She paused. "It doesn't matter, really. I love a good challenge."
Ms. January did eventually win Dan over by taking advantage of his dinner debt. She spent a lot of time going out to dinner with him, and when he finally took her home, she learned firsthand all about his favorite guilty pleasure. She laughed when she found out that she'd already been fantasizing about the same sort of thing for months.

Back to Table of Contents

End of the World

Where were you when the asteroid hit? It was the question of the decade, of the century. Everyone loved to talk about where they were and what they were doing when the light-green asteroid hit Earth and slowly began to colorize the world. Even more memorable though, was the reaction to that slow colorization.
The asteroid hit in the middle of the Indian Ocean late in the morning on April 2. Witnesses said that it entered the atmosphere at a steep angle, but its trajectory curved to become much shallower when it finally hit the water. Its flattened, oblong shape actually caused it to skim the surface of the water for several miles, slowing the asteroid down until it sank with barely a splash.
Scientists scratched their heads at the odd change in trajectory and skimming. They said it was lucky because it greatly reduced the chance of large tsunamis hitting any of the coasts around the Indian Ocean.
Lorna Muhellin, the astronomer credited with discovering the asteroid seven years ago, mentioned in an interview that there might still be more to come from it. She reminded everyone about the colorful meteor shower from four years ago. The meteors and a large meteorite resulted from Earth crossing through the colored dust and debris that spread around the asteroid's orbit, and Lorna noted that meteorite fragments from the asteroid could colorize everything. She wondered how much of the planet would be colorized by the asteroid.
Lorna's interview caused a mild panic around much of the world. Far too many people still had serious issues with color. Color haters balked at the idea of being colorized, and they demanded that the governments of the world do something to stop it.
But no one could stop the asteroid, and nothing could stop the colorization. No one had any idea of how color worked.

* * *

The Maldives, a low-lying island chain in the Indian Ocean, gained color first. An irregular wave of color seeped across the sand, through the shrubs and trees, along the numerous wooden docks, and over the rustic buildings with thatched roofs. The colorization mesmerized those few who remained on the island, braving the threat of a tsunami that had barely crested at three feet and created minimal damage.
Only mild tsunamis resulted from the asteroid impact. Parts of Indonesia had the most damage from the tsunamis, and only a handful of deaths, with a wave height of seven feet. The height of the waves was considerably lower everywhere else.
The colorization from the asteroid caused many more problems than the tsunamis, though there were notable exceptions.
Some countries handled the colorization fairly well. Most of Sri Lanka and India celebrated for a week, Yemen embraced it with national pride, Somalia's colorful clothing briefly made it the fashion center of the world, and Ethiopia had fun coordinating the colors of their local cuisine.
Scientists noted that the line of colorization moved at about the speed of a brisk walk. At that rate, they estimated that Earth would be fully colorized in roughly a hundred days, assuming the asteroid was large enough to colorize the whole planet.
A hundred days gave everyone a lot of time to think about the impending changes, perhaps too much time. As the wave of color continued to spread, the rest of the world had serious issues, from rioting to civil wars. World leaders pleaded with their citizens to come together like they did to recover from the synesthesia plague from only a few years ago. The pleas fell on deaf ears, or more accurately, irrational ears.
Whether they consciously acknowledged it or not, most color haters based their hate on fear of color; fear of the unknown. No amount of rational discourse on the best ways to handle the colorization could stop the fear, and there wasn't enough time for therapists to address it.
Earth muddled through the transition from gray to color, but at least most everyone survived.

* * *

Fifty days after the asteroid impact, North and South America had yet to be colorized. They'd be the last continents to change, assuming the effect from the asteroid could cover the whole planet.
Ms. January accepted the possibility of color; didn't give it a passing thought. She currently had color, thanks to hours of intimate contact with her boyfriend, Dan, who had permanent color. She stood in her Chicago office, appraising her boyfriend, who looked decidedly different from his usual appearance.
He'd used his special ability to completely change his body and clothes as part of a training session for an upcoming mission. He'd copied her almost exactly, and as she pointed out the very slight differences, he fixed them until he could pass as her, assuming he didn't speak or move very much. Though he'd been training to pass as a woman, his speech and body language eventually gave away his true gender.
She smiled and nodded. "You look perfect, Dan. Your mannerisms just need a bit more polish."
"Thanks," he said, perfectly imitating her voice.
He shook his head. "I'm still not quite used to having a woman's voice. This is an odd mission, infiltrating an all-women college. But I'm really the only one who can do it since I'll likely have to change my appearance several times while I'm there."
"Yes. And you're doing very well. But more hand movement. You need to talk more with your hands."
He sighed as he raised his right arm to prepare. "Right. Still getting used to that."
Ms. January moved in close to him so that only he could hear her when she spoke in a quiet voice. "Just remember. As much as I love seeing you as a woman, it'll drive me wild when it's more than just your appearance."
"Yes," he said, flinging his hand out and bending it at the wrist as he spoke. "There's no better motivation than that."
She laughed as she moved back to get a better view while directing Dan to walk around the office. She followed along behind him and shook her head at the feminine sway to his hips.
Dan stopped a moment and cocked his feminine head. "Hey. We've been together how long now? Just over two years, and I still don't know your first name. I could look it up, I suppose. But it'd be easier if you told me."
"Don't go there, Dan. I told you I hate my first name. Just leave it at that."
Dan turned to face her and put his his hands on his hips, giving her an exasperated sigh. "Fine. Be that way."
Ms. January laughed at the very feminine display. "Very good. You planned that, didn't you."
He gave her a coy smile. "Maybe just a little."
"And that," she said, pointing a finger at him. "You planned that too. You've been holding out on me. I think you're ready for the test."
"Perhaps you're right. Let's do it then."
Ms. January raised her voice to address everyone in the office. "Okay. Please may I have everyone's attention. Dan and I are ready for the test. We'll go out together and come back a short time later. Then let the test begin to see if you can tell us apart."
With all eyes in the office on them, they left as they said and returned a minute later, both looking and dressed exactly alike, wearing a white blouse, dark-gray slacks, and black pumps with a three-inch heel. They circled the room in opposite directions, pausing a couple of times to lean over a desk to inspect a framed photograph or run a finger along the top of a cubicle wall and wrinkle their nose at the layer of dust they found. They also engaged in casual conversation with each other as they went, and they timed their walk so that they met at the far end of the room. They briefly hugged each other and then turned to face everyone, both smiling and shrugging their shoulders.
After a pause of several seconds, a woman started clapping, soon followed by the rest of the office workers. He passed.
Dan stepped forward and bowed to give himself away.
Ms. January's eyes were glued to him, her face flushed and her pulse racing.
With his enhanced senses, he'd have to know that she was aroused, but if he did know, he didn't say anything about it. Instead, he turned to face her with a sad look on his face. "Looks like I'll be leaving soon then. I'll miss you."
Her heart nearly melted. "I'll miss you too, of course. And I'll be counting the days until you return."
He blushed.
She moved closer and spoke in a quiet voice. "But seriously, Dan. You realize that you're going to have to immerse yourself in the role. You could be more woman than man by the time you return."
"Are you okay with that?" he asked.
"I'm much more than okay with that. But what about you? Are you okay with it? It won't demolish your fragile male ego?"
He smirked. "I think my ego is a healthy blend of masculine and feminine. I'm sure I'll be okay, though I have to confess that I thought I knew women fairly well before this training you put me through. But I only had half of the picture. There's much more to being a woman than merely looking like one."
Ms. January nodded, thinking she had to be the luckiest woman on Earth to have Dan as her boyfriend. She'd tell him as much later, after he got back from his mission. In spite of dire warnings about his destination being a hotbed of industrial espionage, she had no doubt that he'd be back. And he'd likely show up on her doorstep wearing a dress.
She'd be anxiously waiting for him, and she could have color again by that time. She'd lose her color without Dan to give it to her, but she might get it back from the asteroid. That thought made her smile, and she secretly rooted for the asteroid to colorize the whole planet. Color gave Dan his wonderful special ability, and colors were so beautiful to see. She loved color.

* * *

After the Hawaiian Islands fully colorized and color had reached the shores of Alaska and the East Coast of the United States, everyone felt sure that the whole planet would be affected. When half of the United States had been colorized, scientists who'd studied meteorite fragments from the asteroid declared it to be a certainty.
Sherry and Jim couldn't wait. Both had permanent color, and thanks to Sherry's special ability, both of them already saw the whole world as having color. When color finally arrived, they wouldn't have to worry about anyone finding out about Sherry's ability and wanting her to give them color vision.
The happy couple cuddled together in a large wicker chair on the deck of their apartment and shared one of their favorite pastimes on a warm spring afternoon.
Sherry sighed. "We're too high up. Everyone is too far away for good people watching."
"That's why I have these," he said, picking up binoculars from a side table and handing them to her.
"Okay. But what about you?"
"We'll just have to share. No big deal."
She smiled. "Okay. Fair enough. And I get to go first. Thanks."
Using the binoculars, Sherry looked down at a crowd that had gathered in the nearby park where she'd met Jim. "I just realized something."
"What's that, dear?"
She laughed with delight. "Dear. You called me dear."
Jim cocked his head. "And that's funny, why?"
She rolled her eyes and gently slapped his arm. "It's not funny. I'm just very happy to be married. To you. I'm laughing with joy."
"Okay." He drew out the word and sighed.
Sherry went back to her people watching and soon huffed.
"What is it now?"
She put the binoculars down and turned to face him. "Well. I finally remembered to tell you what I realized before you interrupted me."
"Before I.... Right. What did you realize, Sherry?"
"We won't be able to tell when the wave of color passes over us. We already see everything in color."
He smiled at her. "There'll be reactions, I think. We might see it as a wave of emotion that passes through the crowd."
"Oh! That's genius!"
"I have my moments."
"Like when you married me," she said with a smirk.
"Yes, my love."
She went back to people watching and soon gasped when she saw the northern edge of the crowd flinch and cringe. A few people dropped to the ground, sobbing and she knew the color had arrived. She turned and shouted in Jim's ear. "I see it! I see the color coming. Here." She pushed the binoculars at Jim. "Check it out."
Jim watched through the binoculars for a couple of minutes as the crowd physically reacted to what could only be colorization. He paused and put the binoculars in his lap. "How very odd."
"What's odd?"
"We can't see the actual colorization from the asteroid, but I've heard it described. It happens much faster than when we give... gave color to things. And I guess we can no longer give anything color because everything is in color now. How odd."
She smiled at him. "Let's not wonder about the color invasion. Let's just accept it. Like it. Relish in it. We'll never have to worry about color vision again. I find it a huge relief."
"As do I, dear."
"There you go again, calling me dear." She grinned. "Are you trying to distract me? Are you hiding something?"
"Are you asking for a savage tickle attack? Because I have two fingers just itching to do the dastardly deed."
"Promises. Promises."
Jim moved forward and pressed his lips against hers. They forgot all about people watching, and color, and most everything else. They spent the rest of the afternoon making out in their wicker chair, far above the anxious crowds below them. 

* * *

Fast forward to six months after the asteroid impact and Earth is fully colorized. Gray is relatively rare and everything else, including the sky, is in color. Every person on the planet has color.
The reaction of color haters turned out to be much less severe than the synesthesia pandemic from a few years ago, with much less damage and a shorter period of time to recover. The rioting and civil wars that had started before the onset of color quickly stopped once the color haters themselves got color. They couldn't stop the color and when they finally got it, they lost the will to fight. Color traumatized them too much.
Jill sat in a large easy chair on her boyfriend's lap in her cozy living room, both of them watching the television, the only thing left that displayed everything in animated shades of gray, the only thing left to console the color haters.
She hummed with contentment until she saw an advertisement on the television. It showed a lush forest full of flowers and it bothered her so she grabbed the remote control from the arm of the chair and turned off the television.
"Hey!" her boyfriend, Steve, shouted. "What's the big deal?"
"What. You like commercials now? Doesn't it bother you that they're all in gray? I wonder how long it'll be until we get color TV."
"Oh. This again."
She playfully swatted his arm. "Yes, this again. I want color television. This is lame. That forest with all those flowers should be like a rainbow or something."
He smiled. "Yeah. That rainbow we saw last week was pretty awesome."
"Much better than this lame show we're watching. Were watching."
Steve looked a little confused by her word play and she found it so adorable that she kissed him and sprang from his lap.
"Okay," she said. "How about some mental gymnastics? I'm in the mood for a little research. Who's with me?"
He hesitated for a couple of seconds before slowly raising his hand. "I am."
"Good answer," she said, then turned and quickly walked down the hall.
Steve followed her into the spare bedroom where Jill's computer sat on a small desk. They grabbed the only two chairs in the room and sat side by side.
He frowned as the computer started. "What are we researching?"
"Color television. What else?"
"But there isn't any color television."
"Not yet. I want to see if anyone's started working on it. Hence, research."
He sighed. "Right."
"Hey. Don't be such a downer. Come on. We might find something else to interest you along the way. Just keep a sharp eye on the search results and let me know if something catches your eye. If you don't, it's your own fault if you get bored. Me? I want to learn something, even if I don't find anything about color television. Do you want to learn something, Steve? Or do you want your brain to turn into a lazy lump and make me chase you around with a stick all day? Your choice."
He narrowed his eyes and growled. "Okay. You got me motivated now. Good job. Get that search engine revving and show me your stuff, babe."
She laughed. "Oh! I love it when you talk technical. So here we go."

* * *

After an hour of fruitless searching on the Internet for color television, they'd found a few websites that showed lots of other high-tech gadgets that had Steve interested. Jill gave up and huffed.
"No fair," she said, pouting. "I lost. You win, big guy."
"Aw. Don't be too upset. I'm sure we'll get color TV. Eventually."
She frowned. "Yeah. Not feeling it."
"What about this, then? With everything and everyone in color, no one will ever again have to suffer from the synesthesia plague."
The synesthesia plague was a chronic condition where a person's senses slowly mixed until it made them so confused that they eventually became a virtual zombie, and it only affected people without color. Until Jill found a cure for it, it affected millions of people around the world and nearly caused the collapse of civilization.
His statement made her eyes light up, and she flashed a big grin. "And... you win again. You're right. That was brilliant. I never thought of that." She paused a moment, looking at the computer screen. "Hm."
"What?"
"That gadget that you're drooling over." She had no idea what it was so she just pointed at it.
He huffed. "What about it? It's awesome."
"Remember what caused the synesthesia plague?"
"Yeah. So?"
"So, maybe these new gadgets start something even worse! Who knows what that digital monster will do to you if you play with it long enough. But don't worry, big guy. I'll take care of you if anything bad happens." She gave him a crooked grin and he laughed.
The world calmed down to a normal dull roar after the first year of full color. The only truly interesting and dangerous events that resulted from the asteroid impact happened from shortly before the impact to a few months after the full colorization of Earth. Luckily, most everyone got through it.

* * *

Winding time back to just shy of two weeks before the full colorization of Earth definitely recalled some interesting moments, and if someone didn't mind watching video of events in shades of gray on a television set or computer screen, they'd see the extremes that people could go through when they tried to stay in their comfort zone. Ironic how hard some of them would work to fight against change.
Lewis sat alone on his old black leather couch in the spare bedroom of his new, much larger apartment. His parents and new wife, Frankie, insisted he get a larger home, even though he didn't plan on starting a family with Frankie for another few years.
The couch had come from his old bachelor apartment. He refused to part with it but he had to keep it in his den. It didn't fit in with the decor that Frankie had in mind for the rest of the apartment.
He wore shorts and a tee shirt, and with the bedroom door closed and the thermostat set high, he stretched his bare legs out across the cushions and basked in the heat.
He laughed when he thought about how he used to prefer to keep his den cold. The cold did help him think, but he liked heat better. Heat helped him feel. His healing ability saved lives, and he reveled in the compassion and love that came from each person he saved. Even better, his new wife preferred a warm, loving husband to the cold, lonely man he was before he'd met her.
Lewis had been losing hope that he'd ever be able to heal anyone, not knowing that someone had been reversing his ability and killing the people who he'd tried to save. But with Frankie's help, they'd stopped the killer, and his life vastly improved.
Color scared him. It also awed him, and inspired him. It seemed to push him to extremes, and he wouldn't have it any other way.
Thanks to the light-green asteroid that hit Earth, color had passed by their city two days ago and everyone seemed to adjust well enough. There were no riots at least, so everyone in the area enjoyed a peaceful Sunday.
Lewis looked around his room. His black couch, light gray carpet, and white walls and ceiling didn't give away the new color. The tree outside the bedroom window did though. Green leaves and clusters of yellow flowers blocked half the view and he sighed in contentment at the sight.
Frankie allowed her new husband some indulgences, and hiding out in his hot room was one of them. In his room, he could spend an hour or two taking a nap or whatever. He found himself just dozing off when Frankie knocked on the bedroom door.
"It's always open for you, Frankie. I told you that. Just come in."
The door slowly opened and she peeked inside, wearing a sweater and jeans more in line with the cool spring weather outside.
Lewis saw her brown hair before the rest of her and sighed. He loved her hair. "What is it? What's up? You don't usually interrupt my hot room time."
"Because it's too hot in here."
"Not for shorts and a tee shirt. But come on. Let's hear it."
"Yes. There's breaking news on TV that I think you might want to see. It's crazy but I can't take my eyes off of it."
He smirked. "You took your eyes off it when you came to get me."
"Don't nitpick me, mister, or I'll strip. Then you'll miss the craziness on TV."
Lewis pretended to weigh his options but his curiosity won out as it usually did. He wouldn't ignore his curiosity unless Frankie actually followed through on her naughty threats. He had his priorities right. Mostly.
He followed her to the living room and sat next to her on their beige monstrosity that passed for a couch. A faint sound came from the direction of the television but he ignored it, instead focusing on his wife, who smirked back at him.
"Down boy. Check out the television, like I said."
The television volume had been lowered to where it could barely be heard and Frankie used the remote to turn up the volume.
Lewis turned his head to watch and at first, couldn't quite grasp what he was seeing.
Swarms of people raced by on all manner of vehicles, from bicycles to buses. The voice of a reporter narrated the event, mentioning that the people were fleeing from the advancing wave of color, on their way to the southern tip of Texas, hoping that the color stopped before reaching them.
The reporter added that she and her camera crew had already been colorized. They stayed somewhat hidden from the panicking masses to keep from adding to the panic. Seeing color often triggered screams of fear and anger.
The camera zoomed in on the vehicles to show fear and anger plain on the faces of the drivers and passengers. After a few dozen closeups of emotional pain, the scene cut to a location to show the wave of colorization. The color couldn't be seen on camera so they simulated the edge of the wave with a flashing dotted line, and they showed a scattering of people behind the line who'd tried to walk ahead of the color until they succumbed to exhaustion. Several of them sat on the ground, crying. A few just stared vacantly at the ground or at their body.
A line of emergency vehicles with lights flashing arrived and police and medics did what they could to help.
Another scene showed people standing out in the ocean, screaming and crying. They'd hoped that the water would somehow stop the color. It didn't.
Lewis sighed and sadly shook his head. "I see what you mean. This is horrible but I can't look away."
"It's so sad," Frankie said.
The news changed focus to show Brownsville, Texas. People huddled in parking lots and along the highway as close to the Mexican border as they could get without attracting the attention of the border guards. The U.S. citizens looked desperate enough to rush the border if the color didn't stop.
Mexico had prepared by erecting large barricades. Traffic across the border had been stopped several days ago. But if enough people tried all at once, a fair number would likely make it into Mexico.
"No, Frankie. Please. Turn it off. I feel like I'm intruding on their pain. We know it's happening now but we don't have to watch."
She turned off the television. "You're right." She paused a moment in thought. "But I can't help wonder what's going to happen."
"It doesn't look like the color is going to stop. So they'll get color."
"And then what?"
Lewis shrugged. "They have a mental breakdown? They get over it? They live?"
She shook her head. "Way to sum it up, hubby."
"I don't know, Frankie. But six months from now, I have a feeling everything will be okay. Color isn't a disease." He gasped then.
"What is it? What's wrong?"
"I just realized something. Our children will grow up with color. They won't know any different. Amazing."
"Maybe sooner rather than later, too."
He gasped again and sputtered. "What now? Huh?"
She laughed. "I'm sorry. I was just testing the waters. I'm not pregnant."
He raised an eyebrow to show his displeasure.
"Sorry!" She lightly touched his arm and looked into his eyes. "I won't do it again. Promise."
He smiled to show all was forgiven. "Why don't you slip into some shorts and a tee shirt and have a nap with me in the hot room? Just try it once. Please?"
"Okay. Let's."
They napped together on their old black leather couch and dreamed of raising happy, well-adjusted children in a colorful world.

* * *

Still around two weeks before full colorization of Earth, and the wave of color rapidly approached for another opportunity to see how people would react.
Anna sat at a small table in the food court of the mall where Trish had first confronted her. She smirked to herself, thinking how Trish would likely be relieved about not having to hide the meteorite fragment that Anna had given her to keep her color.
Trish had first been obsessed with having color as a status symbol to get more attention. After Anna's selfless gift however, the wealthy socialite changed for the better, and donated time and money to the needy. Surprising but nice.
After everything colorized, the meteorite fragments would no longer stand out, and they'd be nothing more than collectables for astronomers and lovers of astronomy. People would stop fighting over them, stop obsessing over them. That would be one good outcome at least.
Shoppers continued milling about, seemingly unconcerned about the impending arrival of color. Mothers scolded unruly children. Teenage girls in the food court coyly ogled passing teenage boys. Teenage boys leaned against pillars and walls, trying to look cool while blatantly ogling teenage girls.
Everyone and everything in the mall seemed so normal, but Anna knew better. She'd experienced all of the ugly human behavior related to color, from dangerous obsession to pure hatred. She sat at her table in the mall and waited, likening it to having a ringside seat at a boxing match.
She looked around and noted that she was one of only a half-dozen who had color in the immediate vicinity. Still, few people gave her a second glance. Since the synesthesia plague, color had become common enough that everyone could handle seeing it. But how would they handle getting it?
Anna checked the time with her phone, comparing it against the estimated arrival of color. Only a few minutes to go according to the estimate.
Several nearby people checked their phones, apparently for the same reason because they quickly headed for the food court and sat down with their shopping bags. Many of them looked decidedly nervous.
"Here it comes," Anna said quietly to herself.
The wave of color showed up a minute ahead of schedule, appearing at the far end of the main hall and moving diagonally across the floor. It caught a few shoppers unaware.
One young woman, dressed all in white, screamed. "No! Not yet. I'm not ready!" She minced on her high heels, barely ahead of the color, and slowly lost ground. The color caught up to her very near where Anna sat. The woman turned to look back at the color and slipped, falling and wailing on the floor.
Anna sprang to her feet and went over to the woman, speaking gently to her. "Hey. You're not in any physical pain, are you?"
The woman calmed at the kind words. She sniffed and shook her head.
"Can you stand? Do you need some help?"
"I'm okay," the woman said. "I think I'm okay." She slowly stood up and tested her right foot. Mascara had left streaks down her cheeks and blackened her eyes, but other than that, she looked well enough.
Anna smiled encouragement. "Can you walk? It doesn't hurt?"
"No. No. I'm okay." The woman paused a moment. "Thank you."
"You're very welcome. But you might want to go freshen up in the ladies' room." She added in a whisper, "Your makeup needs some touching up."
The woman gasped. "Oh, dear. Thanks again." She hurried off in the direction of the nearest restrooms.
Anna walked back to her table at the food court and sighed. She'd been prepared for the worst and nothing much happened. No one else seemed upset. In fact, several giggles and outright laughter erupted all around her. Several shoppers noticed the badly clashing colors of their clothes and they shouted, "Makeover emergency," or something similar, and rushed to the nearest clothing store. Many teenage girls and young women laughed at the clashing colors of their friends' makeup and they all hurried to the restroom to wash their faces, likely followed by makeup shopping. The mall was poised to make a lot of money that day, and would likely have increased sales for many weeks.
The reactions were a pleasant surprise for Anna. But something new occurred to her. Obsession to get color would no longer be a problem. But what about developing an obsession to try to get rid of color, or at least hide it? Would black, white, and gray clothes be in vogue for the coming year? She had to wonder.

* * *

Once again, around two weeks before full colorization of Earth, the stage was set for another harsh conversion from gray to color.
Fred Renfield sat at a small table with his girlfriend, Kelly, sipping cocktails with tiny paper umbrellas. The table brushed up against a long bank of windows on the observation level of the tallest skyscraper in the city, where they'd see the wave of color spread its magic in the early evening. They'd have a great view to see the city light up with color.
Fred already had permanent color, and he gave Kelly hers, showing they were in a serious relationship. He dressed causally in a dark blue sweater and black jeans. She matched his colors with her own sweater and a skirt that he also gave color to, just for the occasion. The two of them engaged in small talk while they waited.
When it neared the appointed time for colorization, Fred interrupted the conversation and pointed toward the distant northern edge of the city. "There. I think I see a colored light. It's coming."
Kelly followed his gaze and nodded. "Yes. I see it. Here it comes."
They watched as city lights changed from gray to various colors. Most of the brighter lights flashed in pink, orange, and various shades of yellow. There were also fainter sprinkles of blue, green, and red, though they were much less common.
The unusual, once-in-a-lifetime event held their attention for nearly twenty minutes, until a loud noise startled them.
Kelly's eyes widened. "What was that?"
He shook his head. "No idea. But it sounded like an explosion."
Several explosions popped off in quick succession and sirens began to wail in the distance. The two of them looked down at the streets below to see cars swerving and driving well above the speed limit, and they saw the inevitable. Several cars sideswiped each other as they drove down the street. Some ran into parked vehicles, some crashed through the windows of department store show rooms. And there were a few more explosions. One particularly large explosion came from a gas station about a mile away. 
Fred gasped. "Whoa. That was a bit too close for comfort. I think we should go."
But they didn't leave. They couldn't tear themselves away from the view. They watched another fifteen minutes, until the power cut out for over half of the city, including the observation level of the skyscraper.
He sighed. "There it is. Time to go. For real this time. But before we do, I think we need another source of light."
"Fred. Don't you dare."
"Come on, Kelly. I don't do it often. And you know my ability doesn't work on me."
"No. Please, Fred."
He smiled and sang out, "It has to be you. It has to be you." He used his special ability, the one that made the whole planet glow with color not so long ago, but his control had vastly improved since then. He used his ability to only give glowing color to one particular target: Kelly.
Her black skirt barely registered as glowing, and her dark blue sweater gave off a dim light, but all of her exposed skin shone brightly.
She looked at herself and shrieked. "I told you not to!"
"Sorry! But we really do need a light source. This is perfect. We'll have to take the stairs down with the power out and I'm sure the stairwell will be dark."
"I still don't like it."
They got up and walked toward the stairs. A few others followed at a discreet distance, most likely wanting to lag behind them on the stairs to take advantage of Kelly's glowing color.
As they passed through the door and started down the stairs, Fred spoke up, "I'll make it up to you, Kelly."
She laughed. "You better. And you know what? I'm starving. We haven't had dinner yet. You wanna snag a pizza?"
"Sure. Sounds good, assuming we can find a pizzeria that has power."
Kelly stopped. "Oh. Wait. What about the chaos outside? Do you think it'll be safe?"
He cocked his head, listening for any more sirens or explosions. "Hear that, Kelly?"
"Hear what?"
"Exactly. It's quiet now. Everything's in color now, including any troublemakers. They'll likely be settling down and trying to deal with it."
She gave him a faint smile. "Okay. I'm game if you are."
"That's the spirit."
They slowly walked down a couple of levels, listening to the sounds of several pairs of footsteps just above them before speaking again.
"Fred?" she asked. "I hope you know that we're getting the pizza to go. I'm not sitting in a restaurant like this."
"Of course, dear," he said.
They walked down another couple of levels.
"Hey, Kelly? Can you do me a favor?"
"What?"
"Roll up your sleeves? Your skin is much brighter than your clothes and we could use a little more light."
She playfully swatted his arm, but then she did roll up her sleeves.

* * *

Winding time back again to about twenty five days after the impact, color haters had done their worst. Color had spread to more than half of Africa and Asia, and the peak of the rioting and civil wars hit the planet. Most of the trouble started as the wave of color approached and quickly moved on to hit all gray areas of civilization.
Once color hit an area, any trouble quickly subsided as the color haters dealt with their worst nightmare, but with a little more than a hundred days to completely colorize Earth, people had more than enough time to cause mayhem before they were colorized.
In spite of all the bad news, some people and at least one ghost saw a fairly bright and colorful future for Earth.
Hugh sat in his favorite easy chair in the living room of his modest two-story home. He sipped lemonade while listening to the latest bad news on the radio.
It took less than thirty minutes to sadden him to the point where he got up and turned off the radio.
"Jordan? Are you around?"
Hugh's special ability allowed him to talk to ghosts. He couldn't see them, but if they were there, he could communicate with them.
"I'm here, Hugh," Jordan said. "Always."
Jordan had died giving permanent color to Hugh after having been stoned by a fanatical hate group. The two men had become very close by that time, and they'd remained together, even after Jordan's death.
Hugh sighed when he heard Jordan's voice. He missed being able to see his friend, but he did appreciate talking to him at least. "Were you listening to the news? All of it bad?"
Jordan sighed then, sounding more like a strong wind blowing through a pine forest. "I heard it."
"And? Still think the asteroid strike is a good thing? It's not looking so good these days."
"As I told you before, I think more color will be good for the planet. Eventually if not now."
Hugh shook his head. "How can you say that? What makes you so sure?"
"The human spirit is strong. And if the whole planet is colorized like scientists are predicting, those poor unfortunate souls who hate color will have it. They'll either adjust, or they won't. But color will take the fight out of most of them. Society will recover, just as it did with the synesthesia plague."
"If society doesn't collapse."
"Oh, Hugh. Don't be such a sourpuss."
Hugh laughed. "Thanks, Jordan."
"Thanks? For what? I just insulted you."
"You're a good influence on me. That's why. You've always kept me going, even when we were living in squalor at the commune."
Hugh heard another eerie sigh from his ghostly friend.
"Sorry, Jordan. I didn't mean to remind you of the commune."
"It's okay. Really. I'm at peace now. Even if I can't seem to move on."
That made Hugh stop and think a short while before he spoke again. "Do you think my ability is keeping you here with me? That's an upsetting thought."
"No. I don't think so. I'm almost sure it's all me. I'm very anxious to see the final result from the asteroid for one thing." He chuckled. "It's all good anyway. How else would you've known that you could talk to ghosts?"
"I'm sure I would've heard one and struck up a conversation eventually."
"Perhaps. Perhaps not. But seriously, I'm glad I could get you started with your ability. It's been a good source of income connecting people with their recently departed loved ones. You might have been homeless otherwise and never come across a ghost."
The thought sobered Hugh when he thought about it.
"I'm sorry. I can see that I've upset you." Hugh couldn't see him, but he could see Hugh, in a way.
"It's okay, Jordan. I'll be okay."
"Maybe I can distract you with something that I've been thinking about. In all the universe, the only two sources of color have been here and a single asteroid that struck Earth and is now part of the planet. There's still a ring of dust and debris from the asteroid orbiting the sun, but it's insignificant compared to Earth. We might not be the center of the universe as was once postulated, but we're the center of color in the universe. That makes us quite special."
Hugh shook his head and smiled at the thought. "I just thought of something too. Joan's ability will pretty much be useless if Earth is fully colorized."
"Ah. That's true. Giving permanent color to things won't be of much use if everything already has color."
"Right. So her main source of income will dry up. But I've been thinking that she and Peter could come back to live with me until they've found a new livelihood."
"That's very generous of you, Hugh. I like it."
"Well, they did stay with me... with us before they got established." He paused a moment in thought. "They haven't had time to save a lot of money. And Peter doesn't have a job. He's been busy managing Joan's business. They'll likely need a little help. And I have plenty of room."
"And your ability will still be in demand, color or no."
"True that. And maybe, when things settle, you'll be able to move on."
"Maybe so, Hugh." He paused. "But I'm sure I'd miss you."
"I'd miss you too, old man."
Man and ghost spent the rest of the day chatting away the hours, the bad news long forgotten as color continued to spread across the planet.

* * *

On the day of the asteroid strike, while everyone watched and waited, tension wore at frayed nerves. Scientists insisted that civilization would continue, but no one could predict the death toll or the amount of damage that would result after the asteroid hit Earth.
The asteroid would hit late in the morning, local time for the middle of the Indian Ocean. For Holly Jones, on the other side of the planet in Washington State, the impact would occur late in the evening.
Holly sat with her sister, Sarah, and Sarah's reformed son, Arland, both gray, unlike her. Arland had once been a sleazy man intent on exploiting Holly's dream wishing ability until he became a victim of that same ability. And Sarah? She'd been created out of thin air. Holly hadn't had a sister until she used her crazy powerful ability and wished for one. They formed a family of three, and they were relatively happy. The three of them listened to the radio and waited.
Arland wanted to watch the astronomical event on television but Holly's nerves couldn't take it, so Sarah and Arland kindly agreed to listen on the radio instead. They all sat in three of the four chairs at the dining room table and listened to a radio that Holly kept in the kitchen when she tried her hand at cooking.
Holly wrung her hands, sitting on the edge of her padded chair. "Do you think we'll feel it? Could there be earthquakes?"
Sarah shook her head. "It's hitting on the other side of the planet, Sis. I doubt we'll feel a thing."
"But what if Earth resonates or something? It could be like the ringing of a ginormous bell."
Arland huffed. "I think you read too much, Auntie."
"Maybe so, kid. Maybe so."
Just under ten minutes before the impact and Holly suddenly sprang up from her chair and began to pace in the middle of the living room.
Sarah shook her head. "Am I going to have to sedate you? Should I brew some herbal tea?"
"No. I'm fine. Really. I just have a lot of nervous energy that needs an outlet."
Arland sighed. "I know we said to never talk about this again, but...."
Holly stopped and glared at her nephew, interrupting him. "Don't."
"But you probably could've stopped the asteroid with your ability. If you didn't seal it off."
Holly turned to her sister, arms akimbo. "This is how you raise him? Eight years old and already trying to send me on a guilt trip?"
Sarah looked at her gray feet and blushed a dark gray. "Sorry, Sis."
They all went quiet until the radio announced five minutes to impact. Holly returned to her chair and sat, going back to wringing her hands.
Less than a minute before impact and the asteroid could be seen by those who reported on the radio. They first described it as blazing bright enough to be seen in the daylight. Then they gave a play by play of the strange trajectory, with the object coming in straight at first and curving until it skipped across the surface of the Indian Ocean, slowing and eventually submerging.
Arland suddenly sprang from his chair. "We could've recorded it. Wait. Did we? Mom! Please tell me you recorded it on VHS."
"Sorry, Arland. I didn't. We don't even have a VHS recorder. I don't think they make them any more anyway."
The boy slumped to sit on the floor. "Then I'm doomed. All of my classmates will see it. They'll find out I didn't see it and I'll be ridiculed. My life is ruined."
Holly sighed. "Don't be such a drama queen, kid. There'll be videos on the Internet. You'll see it. Probably later today even."
Arland blushed a dark gray. "Oh. Right. I should know that, shouldn't I." He paused a moment in thought. "I miss VHS."
Holly smiled at him, remembering that he'd once been a man who'd likely had VHS during his original childhood. "Get over it, kid. Internet rules. VHS drools. "
Sarah interrupted the two before they could start up one of their marathon debates. "So, Holly. The asteroid hit and no earthquakes. Are you good?"
"It's still early. Earthquake waves aren't instantaneous. It could take a while for them to get here. But yeah. With the way the asteroid slid into the water, I'm okay."
"Right, Sis. Now we just have to wait and see how much of the planet will be colorized. Wouldn't it be nice if it colorized everything?"
Holly nodded. "It makes me wonder though. If everyone was colorized, wouldn't special abilities eventually disappear? Like in a hundred years or so?"
"Yeah, Sis. I don't know. Would a teenager who would normally be gray without the asteroid color still be able to get a special ability?"
Arland sprang up from his chair again. "Oh, that's just perfect. There's probably no chance for me to get a special ability then." He turned to his aunt. "Unless...."
"I told you before, kid. Don't say it."
"But you could probably pass your ability on to someone else. It could keep getting passed on from generation to generation. Forever."
Holly shook her head. "Please, Arland. Let it go. You're scaring me." She started to sniffle. "Please don't ever go back to being like your old self."
He softened then. "I'm sorry, Auntie. I'll... I'll let it go. Like you said." He paused a moment. "It's really too tempting. Too dangerous. Isn't it."
She nodded. "It really is." Her ability had begun to tempt her to do more and more outrageous things, just before she wished it away. She'd like to say that she wasn't tempted to try to bring it back, but she'd be lying. And even though she hated lies, she told herself the little white lie that she'd stop missing her wishing ability. Some day.

* * *

Ali and Eli planned to go on vacation in the Maldives, a group of small islands in the northern Indian Ocean, with their two-year-old daughter, Gail. They'd planned their vacation to coincide with the asteroid impact. Even though astronomers predicted years in advance that the asteroid would hit Earth somewhere in the middle of the Indian Ocean, they'd be staying at a beach resort against all common sense.
Eli Wilson's mother had color, and she assured her son and daughter-in-law that they'd be perfectly safe with Ali's ability. She'd also assured them that they'd have a very relaxing vacation, free from crowds since most everyone would avoid the low-lying island nation in case of a tsunami from the asteroid impact.
Ali had balked at the idea of vacationing where they'd be vulnerable to a tsunami, especially with Gail along for the trip. When pressed by her son, Mrs. Wilson had admitted it was to take advantage of her daughter-in-law's special ability. And having Gail along would amplify Ali's good luck when danger threatened. It made sense, in a way, but it had still bothered the young couple.
Early one evening, with Ali's family visiting Mrs. Wilson, Ali helped make dinner and slowly built up the nerve to confront the woman. She finished chopping carrots, turning them orange as she held them, and huffed, partly out of frustration and partly because of how her mother-in-law insisted she be addressed by Ali. Turning to face the older woman, she cleared her throat for attention. "Mother? Why should we go to the Maldives when we could vacation in a much safer location?"
Mrs. Wilson briefly closed her eyes, looking pained. "Without you being vulnerable and using your ability to its maximum effect, millions of people will die."
The image horrified Ali. "What?"
"Please don't ask me to explain. Or go into detail. It'll be horrible."
"Unless I use my ability to minimize the damage."
"Exactly, dear."
Ali slowly shook her head. "I.... It's a little hard to believe."
"No, Ali. Your ability really is that powerful."
"Even without Gail? Can't she stay with you while we go on vacation?"
Mrs. Wilson sighed, and her eyes moistened. "Only if you want her to be an orphan."
Ali teared up a little along with her mother-in-law. "So. You can see the future then? That's your ability?"
"I can see potential futures. And the best future plays out with you, Eli, and my precious granddaughter vacationing in the Maldives when the asteroid hits."
Mrs. Wilson paused and sighed. "Please don't tell Eli or anyone else about my ability. If you do, I won't be here when you get back from your vacation."
"What? Why not? Where will you go?"
The older woman let out a bitter laugh. "I won't go anywhere. I'll be taken against my will and held where no one I love will ever see me again."
"That's terrible. And isn't that illegal? Can't you get protection?"
"From the police? From the government? No, dear. Just please don't tell anyone." Mrs. Wilson kept her voice steady and calm, but she pleaded with her eyes.
"You don't have to worry, Mother. I'm not giving you up for anything."
"Thank you, dear."
Mrs. Wilson wasn't much for hugging, but she hugged her daughter-in-law, and they never said another word about the ability to see the future.

* * *

Ali and her colorful family flew into Velana International Airport in the Maldives only five days before the asteroid impact. Ali kept her toddler daughter belted on her lap as she looked out the window of the plane, empty except for her family and the flight crew.
As the plane approached the narrow airstrip, surrounded by water, she marveled at the jumble of multi-story buildings that covered nearly every part of the neighboring island that held the capital city.
The island city had been mostly evacuated over the past month, leaving a skeleton crew who would all leave for safer locations on the coming fateful day. They'd watch from afar and hope they still had homes and jobs waiting for them by the end of that day.
Flight attendants, taxi driver, and the two-man crew of the boat who delivered them to their beach hut all stared at the colorful family with blank, stony faces. It definitely wasn't the stare of color hatred.
The collection of sixteen rustic beach huts normally had a small staff to welcome and look after guests, but with the possibility of a giant tsunami wiping the island nation clean, there were only a series of notes left for them. Everything had been paid for and they were left to fend for themselves.
The beach huts weren't actually on any beach. They stood on pilings a short distance from the shore of a small island that was mostly covered in lush vegetation. A tall dock connected the octagonal huts to a sandy beach that framed the island. A building on the island held several well-stocked refrigerators to keep them fed for their three week vacation. A set of diesel-powered generators, a large bank of industrial-strength batteries, and solar panels supplied electricity.
One note pointed out a rubber raft and directions to the deepest waters where they'd have the best chance of riding out a huge tsunami.
Ali read the note and sighed.
Eli cocked his head. "What is it? What's it say?"
She shook her head and handed it to him.
He chuckled as he read it. "They mean well."
"Yes, but you realize that we can't use it."
He nodded and they got to work unpacking. It didn't take long. They didn't have enough room to store all of their clothes so they only removed toiletries and whatever they planned on wearing for the rest of the day.
Eli sat on the bed, resting. He smiled when he saw Ali holding her bikini to give it color. "I can't wait to see you in that."
She winked at him and quickly stripped, holding his eyes captive.
He just managed to control himself and stayed seated on the bed where their daughter, Gail, currently slept, but he whimpered as his wife donned the bright green bikini.
"Later, my love," she told him.
"Not too much later, I hope," he said.
She smiled.

* * *

They played in the water and enjoyed the warm weather for the next four days. Ali and Eli developed nice tans and they kept Gail shaded with umbrellas. Their meals were plain but filling. They had solar battery powered lighting and were able to cook some things so it wasn't really like being shipwrecked. They liked to pretend though.
They were the only ones on the island, and when Gail slept, the peace and quiet wrapped around Ali and Eli like a warm blanket on a winter day. They passed the nights reclining in chaise lounges on the dock, staring up at the bright stars.
On the eve before the asteroid strike, they'd set up their chaise lounges next to each other and held hands as they watched the night sky.
"I love you, Eli."
"I love you, too, Ali."
"Wanna see about getting Gail a sibling?"
He laughed. "I love it when you talk dirty."
Tomorrow was the fateful day. Late in the morning, the asteroid would hit several hundred miles to the south, and then they'd wait. In the meantime, Ali and Eli made love as if the world would soon end.

* * *

Two hours before the asteroid strike, a police helicopter showed up and accosted the family with a bullhorn.
"This is a mandatory evacuation. You have five minutes to pack up and leave with us. This is your only warning."
Ali sighed and went out to confront the police. She looked up at them and made a shooing gesture with her arms.
The gesturing didn't impress the police, but the sudden impact of debris on the helicopter rotors got their attention. The wash from the rotors kicked up plastic and plant debris that wrapped around the base of the rotors, gradually disabling the helicopter and forcing an emergency landing on the beach.
The three police officers first went ballistic. Then they panicked when they realized that they'd be at the mercy of the asteroid.
Ali pointed out the rubber raft, and the trio of police officers breathed a huge sigh of relief. One of them threatened to force the colorful family to join them, but Ali pointed out the limited amount of room in the raft and described her special ability to them. That ability downed their helicopter, and when they thought about the possibility of the raft puncturing if they tried to force Ali to come with them, they went pale and forgot all about the family. They hurriedly paddled away towards the deeper water, where a tsunami would safely pass under them as a swell instead of a breaking wave.

* * *

Ten minutes before the asteroid strike, Ali and Eli sat on folding lawn chairs in their beach hut, drinking mango juice while Gail played on the bed.
Ali smiled at her husband. "I love you."
"I love you," he said.
She turned to her daughter. "And I love you, my little muffin," she said, just before getting up and tickling the little girl.
Gail squealed and laughed.
Ali turned to Eli. "It's time. Let's go out to the dock. I want to see this asteroid."
"Right. Let's."
With Gail held against her hip, Ali led Eli until they had a clear view to the south. They looked up and saw the asteroid, bright enough to show up as a dot of light in the morning sky. As they watched, they saw it slowly descend towards the horizon.
Ali narrowed her eyes and silently told herself that the asteroid wasn't a threat. There was no threat, just a rare spectacle to witness.
She absently nuzzled the top of her daughter's head with her chin and her maternal instinct went into overdrive. Just as Mrs. Wilson foretold, it greatly amplified Ali's special ability.
The asteroid didn't have a chance.
When the bright dot disappeared below the horizon, the family quietly stood their ground on the dock. They only moved to take turns holding Gail while they waited.
The tsunami arrived, taking a bit over an hour to reach them. It lapped at the underside of the tall dock on which the family stood before washing onto the beach. The water reached a short distance into the greenery on the island and just as quickly receded with no damage, injury, or death.
Ali took a deep breath, turned and walked back to the beach hut. She wanted nothing more to do with asteroids and tsunamis, no more playing super heroine with her crazy powerful ability. Her family had a long day ahead, full of lounging and frolicking in the water with Gail.

* * *

Three days later, the small island resort was fully staffed, making their guests much more comfortable. Three days after that, color crept across the shallow water, up the beach, and into the jungle.
The staff all stayed, but a couple of them were clearly unhappy about getting color, in spite of the beautiful new sights around them.
The beach huts remained mostly in shades of gray, but they didn't detract from the beautiful natural colors around them. The shallow water around the island sparkled turquoise, blending slowly into the dark blue of the deeper water. The leaves of the jungle plants grew in vibrant shades of green, from light and bright to deep and dark. The sand reflected an off-white with a tinge of light brown.
Ali finally let herself relax. She'd admittedly been a little clingy with Gail, keeping in frequent contact to give color to her little girl. The thought of seeing Gail in shades of gray sent unpleasant shivers down Ali's spine. She hoped the color would cover the entire planet so she'd never have to worry about it again. With her luck, she wouldn't be surprised to see it happen.
And it would happen, perhaps because of Ali's ability, perhaps not. It was impossible to tell, but it didn't really matter. The world as everyone knew it was ending, replaced by a colorful new one.

Back to Table of Contents
About Terry Volkirch

I'm a creative, left-handed person who loves nature and lives on the edge of civilization in Western Washington with my spouse and a flock of parakeets.
I've always enjoyed reading fantasy and science fiction, and the stories that I read inspired me to eventually write my own stories. I started by writing poetry in high school and slowly gravitated toward writing stories. The characters in my stories came alive in my mind and demanded more and more development. My stories slowly grew in length and now I find myself writing novels. It's been a wonderful adventure.
Writing isn't particularly difficult, but writing well certainly is. It's taken me far too long to write well enough to think that I can try throwing my stories to the wind and possibly inspire others.
I hope you enjoy my stories... at least a little.

Back to Table of Contents
