











              
                                       Of Preachers and Prisons






















  “Taking your life as a whole, with all your innumerable choices, all your life long you are slowly turning…either into a heavenly creature or into a hellish creature…To be the one kind of creature…is joy and peace…to be the other means madness, horror, idiocy, rage, impotence and eternal loneliness. Each of us at each moment is progressing to the one state or the other.”
                                                                                                       C.S. Lewis.





























 Loletta,

I rocked this c.o. today, I was being processed and some guards were standing around talking shit and one mad dogged me playing the role grilling me so I rushed him dropped to my knees and popped him right in his kneecap and he slumped fell back against the wall and slid down to the floor his keys clattering and a salty, embarrassed look on his mug. 
Now I’m in the hole. Lucky for us the one guard Sgro is from down the hill and gave me this paper and the pencil I write with.
Guess it ain’t a proper way to start off a basic-ass 11 month bit, but I couldn’t let dude look at me like that, like he’s livin’ the life and now I’m gov’t property and his life all hunky dory and I got it rough now like he’s played the game better than me up to this minute. Shit he might be free but he gotta explain to his girl and his boys how his hard ass got trashed and how he gonna like reconcile what just happened and how he fronts for all the land and all the world.
Shit I’ll be back. This is just a minor setback, the cost of doing business. You ain’t gonna be able to visit for a minute. But keep me in your dreams and keep that shit tight for me, don’t be givin’ my pussy away to no other dudes. You know I’m only playing with you. You’d never do that. You my heart.
                                                           John



Lord, I’m scared, I woke to gunshots again, I woke and looked out the window and the trees kept swaying and the stars still shone coldly in the sky I could almost hear their brightness like they were the guns blasting out there but all this went on and people still slept and only I alone seemed alarmed by it all. I am your servant. And that is why I’m here a thousand miles from home. You know what I miss most about home Lord? The sprinklers on the lawns of my town, spritzing so predictably, consistently, and the grass only bending slightly in the breeze, the already shaded vast shimmering paths where you can see where the mower went up and back against it earlier. I miss the order of it. It is, you are, still here, too, though God. I look at the oak trees their flaky skin, the camouflaged patches of worn thin tan bark on the oaks and I think only here, only here in all the trillion miles of dead black space does life burst up eternal undiscouraged by death or cold or fire. The scientists say we are a galactic backwater but they search in vain for life across the reaching darkness. We are yours truly, stewards of this ecstatic experiment. But many do not see it or know it or care and so I am here. I will pray and sleep and wake to your work.   
                                  Love, 
                                              John 






Loletta,
   Remember when I promised you everything would be all right? I don’t know anymore. Spent a week in solitary. Said before they could cage me but never tame me. Just gotta re-adjust my swag change up the flow fast to slow. Different pace here, smaller area, movement is limited, options…shit there always options, already copped some pills got me a cigarette hustle killing time throwin’ spades tradin’ war stories, you know ‘em all, you know me better than I know myself. I’ll never forget where I come from. Wild races down Industrial Highway. Pool hoppin’ in the ‘burbs on sticky summer nights. Ole’ E’ and Newports all day evr’y day. In clubs on Delaware Ave forty deep beatin’ the shit out of whole security squads just for lookin’ at you girls wrong. From dimes to quarters, ounces to kilos. Used to cop off dude now I’m supplyin’ him. The first time we fucked we snuck up on rich peoples’ roof deck in the ritzy ass Art Museum section of the city overlooking the river. You were all fired up on Boone’s Farm Wine, it was your idea, I don’t like heights and all that climbin’.
Taggin’ “pig” on all the 23rd precincts cop cars   
Doin’ wheelies goin’ seventy on our bikes on the expressway.
Buyin’ my mom a house at age 21.
That takes it. Oh yeah hittin’ that boy who pulled a burner out on me so hard he dropped the piece and then I lit him up so bad he had to go to the hospital on top of catching a case for the heat.
We gonna live it up like we used to when I get out baby I promise. Sweet dreams. One.
                                                     John

Lord, you know me better than I know myself but if I tell you what you already know maybe I’ll begin to understand it. When I talk long enough you begin to speak through me, they say how can you pray, when there is no answer, its one way communication, but I say I hear what you want me to coming right out of my own mouth if I talk out loud to you or write to you like I am right now.
So where do I come from? Isn’t that what I must ask myself before I can understand how I got here, how I came to carry your word in this city, to this city? How am I going to be able to do it when only being here a week I haven’t left the house and am ready to go back to Indiana?
Home. Dad was strong, solid and quiet. His thin beard a steel gray. He taught me how to deal with the recoil from a firearm, respect its power, but control it, hold it strong but gentle like a container does water, not wild so it spills, don’t spill the gun hold its power like the rush of a river.
Mom made the food, cookies dissolving in mouths, flaky breaded chicken, she brought in the sunlight just right through the curtains and the arrangement of the white chairs soft in the afternoon in the sitting room in the front of the lawn. We respect your sun God we let it work for us. We faced the west.
We liked to drive out into the endless cornfields in our pickups and lay in the bed of the truck and look at the stars, the hum of the insects and the shimmering hum of the wind in stalks all around us, a mild mesmerizing music and we joked, half boys half girls in our group, but always an equal number of each, we knew right and never left two alone, but we could tease and flirt a little and even swear here and there and know that you’d forgive us. We talked of futures, Florida, California, beaches and jet skis skydiving and other dreams of practical adventure. If missions were brought up it was Africa, East Indies, never Filthydelphia.
Here I am. They are probably leaving youth group now on their way to the praise show. Hold your hands out and feel his Love, sing to your Glory. They once thought rock was devil music, you can make all whole and instruments for your good even someone like me.
I’m microwaving my fifth TV dinner in as many days, my pastor comes, knocks, slips me an encouraging note under the door. He’s being patient for now, but money’s being spent and I can’t spend all my time here locked away in my room. 
 Give me the strength to face this place and carry your news to those who need it.
                                                                Love, John












Loletta,
I know you miss me but you gotta hold it down for me out there. We gotta roll with the punches. You are my queen.
In here it’s the same. The sameness is the pain of it. They try to beat you down with the boredom, so you’ll be like ‘never again, I’m a come out and be a square, won’t even bust a yellow light, I’ll strap on the seat belt, go to church every Sunday ‘stead of sleepin’ in, work for ten an hour over the table’. That ain’t me. If you think its gonna be…then you always free to bounce. But you knew who I was from the beginning. No saving me. No changing me. O.G. here. Long as I’m alive I’m a live illegal. Mobb Deep said it. Thug life, like ‘Pac, high till I die, ‘loc till they smoke me.
I seen this homie from Southwest up in here, must have been doin’ dirt in the burbs like me. You ‘member that boy Boo? Its funny he’s a spook and they call him Boo. I seen him. We had beef with him and his boys before. Matter fact he comin’ right now.










Lord, I do love you and I’m trying my best. My best isn’t good enough I know, all I can do is try harder.
Pastor Keith, as you know, is a good man. He took me with him today down to the train station to pass out tracts and bottles of water. It seemed like it would be easy but it wasn’t. People in this city are downright rude. Keith just lets it slide right off him and keeps on going. He perseveres. He told me to read Paul’s letter to Timothy. He said I am like Timothy. I took this as a great compliment. But his encouragement wasn’t enough. I am timid; fear is Satan’s most effective weapon. I blushed and wanted to run and hide when someone told me to get the blank out of their way when I tried to hand them a tract. I tried to remember the days at home doing work like this, but the people there aren’t like this. 
I swear this city is in the grip of sin. 
Keith, when I said this to him smiled and said
“Aren’t we all though, John, aren’t we all?”









So that boy Boo came up to me in the TV room. I thought it was on. I stood up. My boys stood up. Boo motioned for his boys to stay sittin’. 
It was weird. Boo didn’t look like he wanted to fight. His face was blank, but he did have all the body language of someone about to throw down. He was standing tall, look straight at me, not blinking at all. I didn’t know what to do. If I didn’t hit him it might look like I was scared and you know me I ain’t never scared. But I almost felt bad about it.
So I decided to ask him a question that could be like interpreted either way, good or bad and see where we went from there.
See his cousin and me scrapped before, no one really won so we kept kickin’ fair ones off and on for years.
“How’s your cousin?” I said.
“He alright.”
“What up then.”
“Ain’t nothin’. I came over to holla at you. Maybe now not the best time.”
“Now or never homie.”
“Nah it can wait.” He said and walked away. I was comin’ down from some percs I ate earlier and it got me heated him fuckin’ with me like that. But I just went back to watchin’ the Bourne Identity and whatnot.
 



Lord, I don’t understand Pastor Keith. He’s white but I think he thinks he’s black.
The world is with him Lord, but at the same time its not. He has one of them low-cut hair cuts with lines and points accentuating his forehead the kind you need to get re-done three times a week to maintain. We ran into some black friends of his and they did this strange handshake hug thing and I think he asked them how they were doing but the dialect was so heavy I couldn’t really tell.
And women, Lord, women love him, but he doesn’t seem to blink when they come up to him. I can’t look them in the eye, I shouldn’t be staring at them anyway, but he talks to all of them even the sloppy dressed ones, the homeless ones the same. He doesn’t seem eager to leave when they smell or seem crazy and he doesn’t even respond when the beautiful ones we see around seem to be hinting they want to have a social date with him. He deflects this attention and still leaves them smiling. 
How did he learn all this without sinning severely in the process, Lord?










I got a chance to holla at Boo this week, its like he’s psychic or some shit, cause you know what we have out there that you gonna start handlin’ for me and I was plottin’ on somethin’ in here, tryin’ for a come up, it’d be nice to kill time make dough etc. and it turned out that all that was what Boo wanted to holla at me about.
He was real cool at first, he gave me a soul clap and this put me at ease and he was like
“I’m just gon’ put it to you straight. I’m asking if you might consider not hustlin’ up in here, I know what goes on and know you…”
“You don’t know me.” I said.
“I know you and I got respect for you, like all the times you and my cousin fought fair ones you never tried to dip on him or cut him or clap at him, and you coulda easy done that, but you should remember we caught you alone couple times and we kicked you fair ones too we didn’t fold on you slice you or bang at you either.”
“What’s that gotta do with the price of heron’ in the county? I’m a do me. I ain’t tryin’ to tell you how to run your business. What you find church or some shit, family?”
“I’m askin’ not tellin’” He said.
“Well its whatever, you ‘member that boy Prodigy from Mobb Deep when he said ‘I’m tryin’ to tell these young niggas crime don’t pay, he looked at  me and said “Queens niggas don’t play do your thing I’ll do mine kid stay outta my way”’”  
“Alright playa.”
“That’s right its all right homie” 
I’m sayin’ though it was bug the whole thing. Homie didn’t even act like he was gonna do anything if I didn’t listen to him. ‘Ask’ me, what kind of shit is that? Who asks a hustler not to hustle? Only thing people in this world understand is force. But it was still weird. I’ll write you more soon.





















Lord,
After the fiasco handing out tracts, Keith sat me down and explained some things to me.
“I know you have faith. But faith is not intellectual; it’s not even emotional. I know you believe Jesus died for your sins. I know you’re confident you will enter the Kingdom of Heaven when you die. But I see you losing faith here in the present in the face of even the slightest adversity. You must understand the source of your strength and call on it daily or even minute by minute in order to use it. Even then, being a human, you will fail. Read the Word, it gives tremendous strength. Pray more, fast. And allow yourself to fail, don’t focus on the failure keep on moving, dust yourself off and go forward knowing the Lord is with you”
He then asked what I could do that I did well that we could use to build bridges with the community. I told him I had a nice jump shot.
“Tomorrow we’ll go to the playground and all you’ll do all day is play basketball. No tracts, no mention of our church, nothing. Just play basketball. We have to establish a presence first, like a beachhead. When we invade a country we don’t just rush in with everybody, we conduct surveillance, we consult intelligence, then we send a small advance force, the Marines usually, to size things up before the rest go in. We have to look at this like that.”  





Loletta, girl, I do miss you, I feel like all these letters from the last month or so I only talked about me. What’s goin’ on with you? How’s the hair dressing? Do you miss me? When I’m finally allowed to have you visit I need you to do that thing for me. 
All in all I feel good. Just gotta wait out my sentence, simple but not easy.
I asked around about Boo. They told me he’s been out of the game for a minute, that he had a girl and a crib in the suburbs but he caught his girl cheatin’ and he hurt the boy. Apparently, he don’t even drink or burn trees anymore. I knew dude had found church.
Anyway got somethin’ I gotta handle, write you soon.















      Lord,
Keith dropped me off at the playground today. He said he’d be back.
When I got there no one was playing basketball. A bunch of older teenagers were sitting on the picnic tables under a pavilion. They were laughing and talking loudly. Then they saw me. They got quiet. 
Lord, it took everything in me to walk over the grass to the courts. I had a wedgie from rushing to put on my under shorts and my ‘swishy’ shorts that morning.
I felt eyes on me and the blood rushing to my head. All I could hear were the trees and distant car alarms and yelling streets away.
I made it to the court. It had a chain net, but the lines for the key and the box were fresh white. I bounced my ball, took it and threw up a shot. It missed everything, an ‘air ball’. I heard laughter. I rebounded the ball, tried a bank shot, it bounced awkwardly off the backboard, a ‘brick’. 
“White boy got game.” I heard someone say facetiously.
Finally, I made a lay up and I just kept shooting, the kids on the picnic table went back to their raucous exchanges and a group of younger kids came up with their own ball and asked me if I wanted to play ‘roughhouse’. I didn’t know what it was but I wasn’t going to admit it, so I just nervously watched everyone else start the game. I soon realized it was an every man for himself game and I did well.
The day wore on. I had a bottle of water with me unopened and when I looked up I saw a kid had taken it, opened it, and was drinking it. I didn’t know what to do. I was thirsty but I suspected if I called attention to the theft violence might result. So I played on but it bothered me. I looked and saw the boy had put the bottle down so I went up, took a long drink from it and set it back down as if to say it wasn’t his or mine but ours.
The day went on. Keith never came back. I began to feel more comfortable. No one was rude or mean but they were rough when rebounding or defending me, I figured that was where the term ‘roughhouse’ originated from.
Finally, we set up a full court game and I was picked last, really only included I surmised because they were only ten people and that’s how many we needed.
This was my moment I knew. The earlier game had warmed me up. We went back and forth up the court, no one passed to me so I knew in order to participate I would have to get rebounds on both the offensive and defensive sides.
I grabbed a rebound from a shot my teammate missed and suddenly I felt my lungs seize up. One of my opponents had come up and pretty much punched me in the stomach, I stumbled, but I realized I was still dribbling and the other team had relaxed out of their defensive stances thinking I was down for the count, so I dribbled up and laid the ball in and ran back to defend my side like nothing had happened.
If anyone was surprised, they didn’t let on. Next series I snatched a long rebound and I saw my teammate streaking down the court I heaved the ball with all my might, it fell short but bounced a couple more feet right into his hands and he scored.
By this time, noon, the playground was hopping. We had people waiting on winners to play and I was determined to stay, to win. The score was tied, we were playing to 22 by ones but you had to win by two or the game would go on. Finally I got a pass from a trapped teammate. I dribbled to the top of the key and drained the jumper. The other team didn’t even guard me. We were now up 21-20. 
After the inbound pass the boy bringing up the ball started talking to a girl on the sideline. He was still moving the ball up, but slowly. I ran up and stole the ball from him and scored the winning shot.
I got the feeling they didn’t see many white people around here but no one really cared or showed they did. It was like nothing fazed or surprised anyone. 
A fight broke out under the pavilion, and we only stopped for a second, I think because I heard the people I was playing with wonder out loud if the combatants had guns. Someone said “neither of them boys is ever strapped” and we played on.
I smelled something funny and saw people smoking what appeared to be marijuana right in front of a bunch of little kids, like huge clouds of it coming out of their mouths. A cop had someone pulled over just on the other side of the fence and he must have seen it, but he just did his paperwork and returned the stopped driver’s ID and drove off.
After a few games where my team won we finally lost and I sat out, realizing the team up next wasn’t going to include me. Patience, I told myself. I was tired anyway. 
I sat on my ball sipping tiny drops from the bottom of my water bottle. It was almost empty. I scanned the park for Keith but saw no one.
I watched the game and listened to the elaborate insults and excited boasts and I felt a peace come over me.
I came out of my reverie and noticed a girl looking down at me standing next to me.
“You got nice hair.” She said. I have dense, curly blond hair, my sister always said I was lucky because it’s naturally soft.
“Uh, thanks.”
“You ain’t from around here.” It wasn’t a question.
“No, I’m not.”
“Where you from?”
“Indiana.”
“What you doin’ ‘round here?”
Either she didn’t know she was being a little rude or didn’t care.
I was about to tell her about my mission, but remembered what Keith told me about not saying anything right away.
“I’m going to school.”
“What school?”
Then I felt something massive and painful come from behind my head like a wall of force I fell forward tripped over my ball scraping my knees. I turned jumped up and heard
“why you talkin’ to my girl?”
I saw a short, thin really dark-skinned boy in an undershirt with a wavy short hair cut standing there his hands up in a boxing stance I’d never seen before.
“You hear me, white boy?”
I rushed him, he tried to back away swinging wildly hitting me in a glancing way I was too close for a good shot, I grabbed him and lifted him and tackled him to the ground.
I had wrestled in high school.
I put my knees on his chest yelling “I don’t want to hurt you” but the rest is jumbled blur.




Loletta,
Hey girl, I miss you. I think about you all the time. Things here are what they are. Its prison. That boy Boo is my new celly. How that happened I don’t know. We can scrap now and not even worry about the guards and the hole and time added on to our sentences. We can rumble all night if he want. He don’t want it though. But on the flip side he ain’t scared either. He’s only been here a couple a days and he already talkin’ craziness.
Last night he said, “you got a girl, Jay?”
“Yeah why? 
“Figure we gon’ be cellies we might as well talk, conversate pass the time.”
“I get enough conversatin’ from you other fools out there on the block, I’m cool being quiet.”
“Your girl bring through a package yet?”
That’s when I knew he wasn’t scared.
“If you would ‘prefer’ me not hustling’ why you wanna know?”
“I got my own thing up in here.”
Now I thought he was on some church tip, but turns out it something else altogether.
“So why you come at me with that whole deal? If you don’t want the competition why would you ask, why not try some strong-arm shit? You know asking never gets you no where.”
“I was testin’ you, boy.”
“Testing me?” I was getting hyped about to hit boy.
 “Yeah. I figured if you backed down you was a punk but if you came at me you was too wild, either way I wouldn’t put you down.”
“You wanna put me down.”
“Yeah, so when your girl comin’ thru with the package? The more the better. I got trouble gettin’ enough thru, and you need me to help get rid of the shit.”
“I don’t know when. My girl lives at home, so I can’t call the crib, her parents hate my ass. They pay for her cell and check the bill. I send letters to her girl’s house. I’m tryin’ to get her to come through ASAP but I got put in the hole when I first got here and my visits were taken away, I only been getting the letters out through Sgro.” I didn’t know why I was telling him all this, I didn’t trust him, I knew he wouldn’t snitch, and I mean what would he tell anyway, he knew I was trying to come up in here you couldn’t keep word of that from leaking out.
“What about a pre-paid joint why ain’t you just cop her one of those?” It was almost like boy was doubting our thing, like suggesting you had moved on. “What about letters? She write you?”
“We can kick a fair one right now if you want. It’s like you provoking me instigating and shit. I ain’t gotta explain myself to you.”
“Well when you figure out when you can get a package thru, I’ll put you down.” Boo just rolled over facing the wall in the bunk and I was left sitting on the edge of the toilet wondering… Baby, he’s right you haven’t written or visited, I never been a jealous mother fucker but...
Then he dropped some more shit on me. “Your boy CJ ain’t got no more pills. I know that’s your twist. If you want ‘em, you gots to cop them from me.”
Lord, I came to and saw a black man grinning at me with the whitest teeth I’d ever seen. He was smiling evil like saying something to me in a language I’ve never heard.
“Asalamulakum.” It sounded Satanic. I started praying out loud
“Jesus Christ, you are my Lord and Savior…”
“Boy, we aren’t going to hurt you.”
“I have to find Keith.”
I looked around the small living room, it had deep cream carpeting, leather couches, one of which I sat in, dark exotic statuettes and goblets of incense burning all around.
“Keith, he is presently with my sister, the girl Caesar hit you for talking to.”
“What?”
“Listen, boy, I brought you here after Caesar and his boys ran up on you. My friends and I pulled them off of you. You were bleeding. We would have taken you to hospital but it didn’t seem necessary. If you like we can go now.”
I felt my head. It was bandaged. My brain ached.
“I have to find Keith, only he can take me.”
“Keith, my friend, is very busy.” The man almost spit the words.
He wore a cap on his head and had a long curly beard that jutted from his chin many inches.
“I need to go.” Then I realized I didn’t know where I was.
“One of my friends can escort you back to the Christians’ house. But I believe you will not like what you find there. If you wait…No better for you to see for yourself…Omar!” The man yelled and a boy my age appeared wearing the same cap, beard, and long garment that showed his ankles. “Omar, take this boy back up to Diamond Street, you know where the Christians live.”
The boy grabbed my arm gently yet firmly and up I went staggering.
“Omar, also please provide my mobile number to this boy.”
Omar nodded and we left the house the sun shocking me as we went out the heavy door, the stink and noise of the street assailing me. We walked a while still dizzy and finally arrived at the oak-ringed house I had before called home.
















Loletta, my bad for not writing for so long. I haven’t gotten a letter from you, maybe it was lost. I tried to collect call Sara’s house, but there was no answer. I’m allowed to have visitors now. You should come up. I gotta be honest. I got that broad Gina to bring up a package. My boys had been putting money on my book for a minute but one got popped in the city and the other ain’t answering my calls, so I got low on dough and had to make a come up. I don’t care about Gina; I had to pretend like I did to get her here so if you hear some sideways shit I’m here now to squash it.
I’m beginning to think you may have moved on. But damn you could at least write to tell a nigga. I don’t know. If its about my whole thug life hustling you should know I been re-thinking it. I want to retire from the game eventually and I’m even gonna stop popping pills while I’m up in here and when I get out kill the drinking and smoking herb. A lot has happened since I last wrote. I’ve changed. But I gotta go. I’ll write you again tomorrow. Even if you have moved on I’m a still keep writing you, you are all I got out there and writing you keeps me alive in here.
                                                   John








Lord, I’m so lost now. What’s happening? Please help me. I’m here at the bus station writing this thinking about going home. I don’t even have money. I’d have to call home. Where to start? You know what happened, you made it happen, but if I tell you the story maybe I can understand.



















Dear Loletta,
I guess you moved on. Wish you’d give me an explanation. If I could just talk to you I might could explain what I’m tryin’ to do now here and when I get out how I don’t want to live that old life anymore. I know you read these letters so I guess my only chance is to state my case, evade my fate.
Baby, I got sixty days clean, can you believe it?
Boo got me to hustle for him at first so I could cop from him, but eventually he schooled me to his new way of doing things. He told me his story and it was so much like mine, I started to re-think everything he was like, “Jay, I know it seemed grimy the way I did you getting you to bring a package thru we could sell so you had someone to cop from, but it was the only way to bring you in, I like your heart, boy, but getting high was fuckin’ you up, you can’t hustle high, you gots to have a clear head.”
You see eventually Boo refused to sell to me, after I had brought in my package, so I had a week until my next visit from Gina with another package, and I didn’t want to do dope anyway, but I would have, but after a few days withdrawing, after brawling with Boo, us whooping each other, like no one won the whole night long fight, I came to my senses. We squashed the beef and Boo brought me to one of these meetings these people from the outside bring into the institution like these dudes who for free take time out from their weekend to come to a fuckin’ prison to help scumbags and criminals like us stop getting high. And the one dude like made a speech at the meeting. But he didn’t seem all high and mighty, he just told a story like Boo did, about how he once was a hustler but became his own best customer and lost everything and how he’d always acted tough but couldn’t get over his mom dying and he didn’t visit her before she passed, just like me with Dad, and he didn’t even fuck with his family no more, and he couldn’t be by himself. He always had to be out and about runnin’ and gunnin’ and partying but it wasn’t a party at the end he was just like me popping pills in jail about to start snorting H when the pill connect dried up and then someone like him brought the message to him in prison that he could stop getting high. He got out and didn’t have to be all soft but he got a job and a girl and a nice whip and he stayed out of trouble and started realizing that he didn't miss 
being all paranoid from weed and sad or hyped up from liquor, getting into fights seeing his friends get shot over some bullshit at a bar. He felt good and I heard dude and he wasn’t lying ‘cause you know me I can spot a phony, you can’t bullshit a bullshitter, and so now Boo’s my sponsor and it sounds weird like a cult but it ain’t, it just a way to stop getting’ high and I feel better I look better and I’m getting’ dough even up in here and when I get out in nine months I’m a be stronger and quicker and I’m a take over this shit.
But that ain’t what you wanna hear, but it’s the truth. Like I’m sure you left me ‘cause the whole hustlin’ thing on top of me getting high all the time, but I’m here telling you that when I get out it won’t be forever, me hustling, and I’ll be so thorough being dead sober I won’t make no bad moves like the one that got me here and we’ll be able to buy a house like Boo did and go on trips and all that. See Boo told me it was a lie that he fucked up dude for messin’ with his girl, he actually fucked up one of his boys who was hustlin’ for him who stole a stash. But Boo was so slick and the suburb cops didn’t even know Boo was still in the game, Boo had his girl call the cops and put on an act saying “My boyfriend beat up my friend, he came home and thought we were cheatin’,” and the cops came and Boo took the charge on the chin knowing he could still slang from jail and set an example for his crew that he wouldn’t tolerate thievery and the cops never knew a thing and Boo could have never pulled it off without being sober. That’s what I’m saying, when I get out, it’ll be all good. I’m sayin’ baby, at least holla at somehow, call visit write please.
                      I love you
                                    John


















Lord, I went back to where I was living that day, my head aching, the Muslim boy leaving me at the corner without a word only a slip of paper with a name and a number on it. I went back to that big three story Victorian house and went up past the wrap around porch with a swing on it creaking in the faint breeze and into the foyer and up the stairs to Keith’s room.
I stopped. I heard noises. Lord you know I’ve never known a woman, but I’ve heard enough about sex to know it when I hear it. Moans and the sound a bed moving came from inside Keith’s room.
I waited, shocked, and finally prayed to figure out what to do. “Wait”, I heard from my mind’s depths.
So I waited and soon enough the door opened and out came the girl I had been talking to at the playground, Keith right behind her.











Loletta,
Fuck you. I hate your ass. You just up and leave a motherfucker while he’s strugglin’ to do his bid. I got high again . I had ninety days clean and Boo got out and the dude he put in the hospital found him and shot him. Yeah, Boo’s dead. And Boo’s girl is with dude right now.
So my sponsor’s dead, Boo’s crew ain’t fuckin’ with me, half ‘em got pinched dealing.
I got no money for extra food, magazines, pen and paper.
I’m all alone. All I got is one day clean.
And you.
Well not you no more.
It’s fucked up, all those years getting high I never knew anything else, didn’t care, didn’t want a square’s life, now I try to stop and I can’t. I like didn’t even want to get high and I did anyway.
Fuck it. Why am I writing to you? You don’t care. I’m dead to you.
And you are to me.
I hope your life sucks.







Lord, that girl came out, little crystals of sweat on her forehead, her clothes half-on. She smiled at me and went downstairs and out into the night.
Keith saw me and nodded, not even surprised, he said “John, why don’t we sit down and talk.”
I didn’t know what to say. “I’m going to call my parents and they’ll call your sponsors and you’ll be fired.”
“No you won’t.” Keith said simply. “They won’t believe you.”
He was right.
He continued. “You are young. Some things you just don’t understand yet. I believe in God. I have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ. The Bible talks about adultery. I’d marry that girl in there but my superiors wouldn’t approve and I ‘d lose my job and the ministry I’ve worked so hard to build in the last four years. So I love her how I can. You can’t judge me.”
“But you left me to get assaulted in that park!”
“You needed that. Do you know now they’ll respect you? You can’t carry the Gospel with weak arms. They’ve seen so many goody-goods come and go, so many people come here and try and help but leave the minute they get scared. These Christians are weak and full of fear, self-righteous and full of judgment and in love with the comforts of their suburban worlds. Do you know I’ve been stuck up dozens of times?” He pulled up his shirt to reveal a scar, light purple, bug-like where the six stitch holes had healed. “I’ve been stabbed, shot at, beaten up. I’ve beaten back too. The Bible says not to murder, not  not  to kill, murder is illegal, self-defense is not murder. So yeah, I fought back with force, fierce enough to kill, because God wants me around to carry his word. I spoke to these scum in a language of force, the only one they speak, and people saw it, spoke of it, and I earned respect and my church grew.”
I was quiet, thoughts racing. He went on. “So no you won’t call your parents unless it’s to tell them you’ve given up, that you are a quitter.”
I thought about my Dad and how he’d beat me senseless and put me out of his home and the how the whole town would shun me. My chances were better here, but not right here.
I got up and went into my room and packed my seven days of clothes and my toiletries and my Bible. Keith followed me, saying “and if you intend to tell anyone about my thing with Tia…”
I wasn’t scared. I wouldn’t tell, so it didn’t matter. He was right. No one would believe me and what good would it serve?
Keith said “I thought you had heart, but I guess I was wrong.”
It was the last thing I heard him say as I left steeling myself for the three-mile walk to the bus station.









Loletta, baby, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I don’t know if you’ll ever forgive me, but just know I love you, I need you, I want you. I’m changing. Getting locked up and meeting up with Boo in here was the best thing that ever happened to me, and now he’s gone and I’m alone in this cold white cell.
It’s so white this cell.
So clean and empty.
I’m in a unit they just built, they gotta keep building more and more prisons.
I barely talk to anyone. Sgro stopped fucking with me. Good thing I’m allowed to send letters legitimately.
I hate my rap magazines. My candy bars. My ‘chi-chi’ – Slim Jim and Ramen noodle soup mix. I hate my jailhouse tattoo ‘innocently charged’ it says. I hate movies.
Everything is lifeless, slow, means nothing.
Even the fast- talking, quick-to-scrap inmates seem in slow-motion, their chatter like a Spanish soap opera to me, full of emotion I don’t understand and could care less about.
But this is right where I’m supposed to be, that old life was vain, going nowhere, all fire no light, the self-destruct button built-in, a super heated whirling machine spinning pointlessly out of control, bashing and smashing into everything, maybe only entertaining to an evil God up there playing pranks on lives he made, once loved, and has now grown bored with.
Is that it? Are you bored with me? Have you moved on to the quieter days, happier nights, full of sitcoms and sweetly decorated sitting rooms, plush throw pillows and the occasional white Zinfandel? Have you found a new man, hard-working, handy around the house, maybe a balding welder from West Chester, who is strong and silent, good in bed and never late with rent, who can pick you up and carry you upstairs to the bedroom you styled with money he gave you for your birthday?
I need you. At least read this. Let me believe that you read this that someone is witness to this other than that God I spoke of earlier who is now laughing at me, laughing across infinity.
                            Love,
          			John
















Lord, I sat on the hard bench in the bus station that had so many shades of dull brown and dirty gray, I sat and watched the tourists and the hustlers and the crazies do their busy parade, the station a sped-up version of the insane march of this world, chasing pleasure, evading pain, a circus I had always been a part of myself but had only noticed coming here to this city. We may march slower in Indiana, but we march still, a chase after ghosts, specters of prestige, apparitions of affluence.
There had to be another way. I couldn’t believe in Keith’s can’t beat ‘em join ‘em approach and I couldn’t go back to Indiana and preach to the choir, try to convert the corporate types in convertibles.
I had seen too much, invested blood. I had seen a desperation verging towards violence unlike any of the quiet discontent I witnessed in Suburbia.
I had to prove Keith wrong.
I dug the Muslim’s number out from the grubby bottom of my pocket, approached the battered payphone and dialed.









Loletta,
Being as you moved on I stopped writing you.
My new sponsor said it couldn’t hurt to write you as long as I didn’t get my hopes up and shit. He said I should be writing about how I feel and whatnot but it feels pointless with no one to read it.
I only know how to write to you.
Six months I’ve served.
Three months without a chemical.
Eighteen more months to go. I maxed out at 24 months for hitting that guard, for some reason dude didn’t want to see me do longer, I coulda done three more years upstate for that dumb shit.
I can’t get high ever again.
A lifetime one day at a time.
I can’t help but look ahead, where will I be in five years? Can I maintain? I can get drugs in here again but its not the same as the outside, like on Friday night, gleaming cars rolling by my crib, knockin’ their systems, everybody headin’ to the club and I’m home alone watching movies.
And then I look back. All the crazy times. I was all over the place, Jersey, NY, even Cali, white people, hit houses, blacks, mansions, racin’ with Asians, actors and dealers, businessmen and carjackers.
I had no rules. I could do anything, go anywhere at anytime. Free. But then I got put in here.
Its time to sleep. At least I can sleep now and dream of you, both past and future yous.
 Lord, the Muslim, his name was Cali, answered my call from the bus station payphone and said “Come on through boy.” 
So I went, walking up past Center City’s office buildings seeing rushing people mumbling to themselves, unsure if they were schizophrenic or using hands-free cellphones. I went through neighborhoods where people sat nodding on stoops and younger men gathered on corners yelling both angrily and gleefully to each other.
I made it to Cali’s house. I knocked, he answered, and invited me in. He took me up to the front bedroom that was bare save a sleeping bag, a desk and a chair. He didn’t say much and I felt awkward, but you Lord spoke to me and told me he would help me.
“John, you can rest here the night, the week or longer. If you plan to stay longer we can discuss it when the time comes.”
He left me to unpack my few belongings. I placed my Bible next to the leprechaun green Koran, that I saw was an English translation, on the rickety desk.
Later, after I prayed, we ate out of wooden bowls brown spicy rice in his newly tiled kitchen.
“You should call your parents. Keith may come here with the police if not.”
I asked if his phone had a blocked number and he said yes.
My mother answered, an expectant “hello?” still full of her warmth though its tone was soured by worry.
“It’s me, Mom.”
“Oh John! Where are you?”
“I’m with friends.”
“Keith called and said you vanished. He’s called the police and is looking for you.”
I wanted to say Keith knew why I’d left but thought it wouldn’t help things.
“Mom, I’m not going to be serving with Keith anymore.”
“What do you mean? Are you coming home? Quitting? A lot of people gave money to allow you this opportunity, you can’t just-“
“Mom, I can’t explain it. But I just can’t go back to Keith. I’ll be fine where I am and I’ll call you.”
“Where are you? What’s the number there, this one is blocked.”
Then I heard my father in the background. He shushed my mother and took the receiver from her.
“John, I want you to explain yourself this instant.” My stomach turned.
“I can’t Dad.”
“You can and you will.”
“Father, you are just going to have to trust me. I’m grown now-“
“You’re talking back. If I was there I’d-”
I hung up and went upstairs to talk to you alone Lord.








Loletta,
My sponsor says he knows you. He goes to your salon to get his hair cut. He says you are a nice girl. I asked him if  you talked about me and he changed the subject.
He’s a thorough dude. I collect call him hella often. I think he’s starting to get annoyed paying the charges but I’ll get him back when I get out.
I thought he was corny at first, like one of those church people trying to save your soul all friendly at first but then threatening you with hellfire and damnation. He was too ‘smiley’. That’s what I call him now, ‘Smiley’.
I asked around about him and some people knew him. He pretty much just sold weed before he got clean, but he used to move weight, like pounds of kind bud, and he also bought burners for people and then was eventually smoking crack and bangin’ dope in his arm. In that way he was worse than me.
Its hard to even imagine him copping burners and moving weight, but I double checked and it was definitely him and it like gave him some credibility with me. I couldn’t just like dismiss him, like say ‘he ain’t from where I’m from, and he ain’t like me so he can’t help me.’
The boy got me praying. I told him I wasn’t with it, but he kept at it, talking about his relationship with God and eventually I thought ‘what the fuck’ how could it hurt and I tried it. It don’t work, or maybe it does ‘cause I was thinking maybe I’d feel worse if I hadn’t prayed, like I only know right now how I feel, what if I hadn’t tried it?
Maybe I’d a copped some pills or scrapped or popped a guard again. Who knows.
I’d ask you to write but spons’ said to let it be, so I’ll let it be as long as you don’t tell me to stop writing you, I’ll just keep writing and maybe you’ll see the changes in me and we’ll…forget it for now. I love you
				John



















Lord, you know how I have no doubt you exist?
You brought me to Cali.
It’s been so strange. Cali doesn’t speak much to me. I join his little family of young men in meals, I pray when they pray, and we go on walks, like little pilgrimages, across the ghetto. They don’t say much to me or even to each other. There is a quiet kindness during these moments in the air in which I recognize your presence, Lord.
The three young men who live with me here are Abdul, Basir, and Omar. Basir is the oldest and I think he doesn’t favor me. He never shows it around Cali, but sometimes I hear him mutter ‘white boy’ or when he speaks in Arabic I see him motioning in my direction.
I don’t know how long I’ll be here. I know Cali said I’ll have to do some more things if I plan to stay longer. But it doesn’t matter. I feel such a peace here, like I’ve never felt before even in vast fields back home where only tall grass moved and insects chattered.










  Loletta, girl I can’t take this anymore I fiend for you worse than any drug, I remember holding you sticky against me after we were done fucking, your soft parts wedged against my muscle, I remember my spine trembling as I came over you, you not rushing to wash it off like other girls, but letting it soak into you knowing it was me.
I miss your cockiness, how you said you’d hit my Dad, before he died, when he let my stepmom talk down to me when we visited them for a Memorial Day BBQ. I said, “you don’t want to hit Joanne, you want to sock my Dad?” and you said you’d take them both on.
I miss your haircut, you using the straight razor to box and edge my points and lines and you would even use the clippers to trim my eyebrows when they got too bushy.
I miss your thickness, and I know you’ll hate me for sayin’ it, you’ll think I’m sayin’ you’re fat, but you weren’t a twig like those other broads, I could crush them. I fell into you you had substance, unmoved by life.










Lord, Basir pushed me today, I was in the kitchen and I guess I was in his way and he wedged his body between me and the counter and bumped me out of the way. I wanted to tackle him like I did that guy Caesar but I hesitated, I don’t know whether out of fear or principle.
Instead I just went up to my room and prayed.
I felt like leaving, going home and begging my father’s forgiveness. But I hadn’t done anything wrong, so asking for my father’s forgiveness would be like lying, like allowing my father and Keith to continue lying to themselves and everyone else.
God, Cali came home and apparently heard what had happened and he knocked on my door.
I let him in and he came in and opened my Koran and pointed out a passage to me.












Loletta, 
“Love never dies a natural death, it dies because we don’t know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness, errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds. It dies of weariness, of withering, of tarnishing.”
  				John


















Lord, please don’t be offended by me, but this is the Koran verse Cali showed to me.
“Those who believe (in the Qu’ran) and those who follow the Jewish (scriptures)
and the Christians and the Sabians any who believe in Allah and the Last day and work righteousness shall have their reward with their Lord: On them shall be no fear nor shall they grieve.”
He read it to me, smiled, and hugged me close.
“I love you my little white Christian brother.”
Then he left. I heard him raising his voice to Basir in Arabic downstairs.
Lord, it was the first embrace I’d ever received from a man.
           				John













Loletta, 
I know its been a minute since I wrote, I’ve been caught up here, growing, changing, finding out who I really am. I never thought time could pass quick up in here, time is what they give you, like ‘here try to deal with this’ boredom depression loneliness claustrophobia, but me and Joe been doing work together. I haven’t gotten high in six months, I copped my keytag even though I ain’t got keys, I wear it on a piece of string around my neck, its never far from my heart.
I showed Joe that quote I sent you in that last letter a few months ago. He told me why love dies. God is love and without a connection to him to replenish our love for ourselves and others love turns to infatuation, obsession, it becomes like a faint reflection of its former glory, it becomes an animal thing, like monkey’s painting pictures, we humans trying to imitate the divine, and we are able to to a point, because we once had this divine love flowing through us. When I could understand this idea, that I had to learn to let God love me and love him first, to let him love me then love myself, then you, when I understood this I had taken my third step and I haven’t wanted to get high ever since.
I’ve been reading and writing on these steps Joe gave me, like all the time, and I feel better everyday. I’m getting my weight up, doing calisthenics, I read the newspaper. I don’t even play cards or watch those dumbass movies anymore. I do talk to people and they respect me even though some ain’t tryin’ to hear this rap about God and not using no more but they say “good for him, happy for that cracker,” and they laugh. I tell them how I changed and they can’t deny it, they can lie to themselves, but when they alone with God the truth is revealed. I hope all is well with you. I love you and will continue to love you whether or not you are meant to come back into my life.
Lord, it’s been several weeks since I’ve written. I know we talk everyday, five times at least now but writing you is different, you are with me as I write, like I wrote before, you talk to me as I talk to you. What I write in some ways is already your response, for for you there is no time, no time save always forever.
I don’t know what to call you, Lord and Allah are the same I know but Jesus is not the same as Allah. I know you moved through Jesus, Jesus could only move through you, it says so in the Qu’ran, but if Jesus was God himself I do not know.
I’ve learned to appreciate things like water, the dense texture of pita, so unlike puffy white bread. I chew on chewsticks, sort of twigs with flavor that are good for your teeth.
Cali, when I told him I wanted to stay, Inchallah, for as long as God permitted, he sent me out to sell incense and oil with his boys.
I have been peddling for a month now. We pick places where there is foot traffic and no one else selling the same things and we stand and wait.
Lord, it surprises me how many people buy oil and incense. The oil is blessed, though an imitation of popular colognes and perfumes, it lasts longer and mixes with your skin’s natural oil so it lingers, unlike normal colognes that cost ten times as much and are alcohol-based so they evaporate soon after you spray them on you.
Basir told me people buy incense to cover up the stink of marijuana, then he smiled furtively.
I believe he takes drugs Lord, and therefore becomes part of the fire, this punishment for such an offense is not permanent for Allah is oft forgiving and merciful but it is dangerous.
Alcohol is much worse I’m told, because other things come in its wake, lust, wrath, and worst of all pride. Drunken people, of whom I witnessed a lot, seem to feel Godly. They are so far from being submissive, so far from practicing Islam and the temporary high they experience is rapidly replaced with a devastation the opposite of peace. In Hebrew the word shalom  means peace and I think it no coincidence that it sounds like the Arabic word for peace – salaam- which also is the root of the word Islam and the word Muslim. When you obey God you experience peace.








 


 

 


Loletta,
I’m at the halfway mark. If all goes well, I’ll be home in eleven months. Home? What is home? You won’t be there. All my boys are locked up or on the run. My mom’s there but she won’t like me not giving her money no more. Who’s gonna even give me a job? I think I might disappear, go to Cali or some shit.
At night my heart beats bloody against my ribcage, my throat gets dry and a little emptiness, like an orb of darkness, a ball of blackness, seems to hover in my gut, growing, creeping up my esophagus, pushing against my stomach walls, it’s my fiend, my jones, my void, my love for you screaming out. Emptiness! Oblivion? It calls.
I need something, anything. I jerk off, I grub, I sneak smokes, I do crunches and pushups till I ache all over and still I am alone vacant yearning for something to make me feel alive.
The emptiness still calls and I think about cuttin’ my throat with the boxcutter blade I got smuggled in here to defend myself with. I’d have to jab and dig and keep slicin’ away at the artery in my neck to do it right so they couldn’t patch me up when they found me, but I don’t have the heart and yet the emptiness still tempts me, better to be nothing, better to sleep forever.
All I can do to fight it is not get high, so much easier in here, though I could cop. I won’t get high no matter what.
What is wrong with me? What do I need? I thought I needed you, but it ain’t you I need.



Lord, I know now your other name is Allah and both Jesus and Mohammed were your prophets.
I’ve begun growing my beard, a soulpatch whites might call it, it is coming out blond and curly. I wear a black kufi on my shaved head. Cali is my teacher, he has me reading the Qu’ran and is correcting my misconceptions about Islam. He tells me Islam is very concerned with helping the poor and the unfortunate, the diseased and the mentally ill. I see this reflected in the way he shares his profits from the grocery store with Basir, myself and the others.
He tells me that the clothes we wear are not that important, he wears them out of respect for the Sunni mosque he attends, he doesn’t want to challenge the others outright, but would rather lead my example. He repeats over and over again the fact that I don’t have to choose between Christianity and Islam I can belong to both and God will still love me.
Lord, all is well.










Loletta,
I feel better now. I still don’t feel good but that is to be expected.
I need God. Me and Joe talked about it. I thought I needed you, the life, drugs to make me happy and whole and content.
I need God. But what is God? Who is God? All my life, for 29 years, God was always an idea. He came before or will come after, he might be up there or somewhere far away in heaven, but he is obviously not here so whatever I did think of him was irrelevant, it didn’t change the way I thought or acted.
Joe said God is not an idea or even emotion, though he is Love, he is better understood as an attitude, a plan of action, a strategy for carving through the chaos of life, dealing with the bullshit, the pain, the hatred and the indifference. God is living for others, God is peace when for so long we raged.
I still love you and I can’t stop, even though I want to, loving you.










Lord, this world is testing me because I know you never test me, sin tests me, you never waver, you are all constant, all loving.
The cops keep chasing us away from wherever we post up to sell oil and incense.
The Department of Health shut down Cali’s grocery store.
I got an eye infection from not taking my contact lenses out. I waited for hours at the emergency room and went home hungry to a house empty of food.
I used the last of my money to buy the cheapest pair of glasses I could get. I had to pay for an eye exam and the glasses I got are ugly, my one eye is worse than the other so the one lens is much thicker. “Coke bottle” glasses would at least be symmetrical. I look stranger than ever.













I got a new celly. He’s a young boy from the suburbs, all tatted up, skinny and hungry looking. He can’t even grow a beard though he tries, it comes in all ratty and scrubby.
His name is Louis, but they call him “L”. He’s all thugged out, the streets reek from him, I can almost smell the souring malt liquor, taste the fuzzy stench of menthol, feel the baggy pants sagging, hear the uneven patterns of speech. Long lazy silences watching TV or video games followed by bursts of bullshit, half-assed amateur rap verses or gangster talk when enemies’ names come up; “I’ll see them,” or a bitch is mentioned “We should run a train on her.”
He’s cool but I know he’s gonna be getting high, guess I gotta deal with it.














Lord, I’m struggling. Cali vanished. Basir seen these white men in a plain looking Ford Taurus down the street watching our house, now Cali’s gone.
Basir thinks the Feds grabbed him up ‘cause he’s Muslim.
I was with the other boys, Basir stayed home to wait to see if Cali called, and we went to try to sell our wares and we ended up almost rumbling a bunch of boys who had taken our usual spot to sell DVDs and their own cheap ass fake oil.
We had a standoff but the cops came.
On our way home Omar said that Basir would have swung on those boys before the cops even came and sent them a message not to be taking our spot.
I realize our leadership is falling apart.
We may have to go where “Pastor” Keith gives out food to eat tonight.












So L comes in the cell, he says “what up oldhead.”
“I ain’t your Dad homie.”
“Aight oldhead.”
So we didn’t start off the convo’ very well.
Then I see him with a handful of pills about to put ‘em in his mouth on his way over to the sink for a drink to wash them down.
I jump down from the bunk and slap the pills out of his hand, they splatter on the floor and he grabs my arm pushing it down so he can take a clear shot at my face.

So we tussled. Pushing and grabbing to get leverage and distance needed to wind up and deliver a good punch.
But I didn’t want to hit him. So I stopped and he jabbed me with his left and gave a nice roundhouse with his right, I went with the punches turning away from one and then the other and we stood panting, paused.
He looked down scanning for his pills, I saw them and we scrambled him half bending over and me trying to step on them like a demented half wrestling half soccer game.







Lord, it was with a heavy heart that Basir, Omar and I left our home on our way to where Pastor Keith was giving out peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
We were hungry, tired and scared.
There was still no sign of Cali.
Basir and Omar fought the sinking mood in their distinctive way, observing everything in animated idiom.
“Yo, was that a Porsche SUV?”
“Yeah, dog, I saw that joint in a magazine. If I was ever to ride an SUV it would be that joint.”
“You hear that boy Sic got shot?”
“Yeah I heard, he was tryin’ to take over the corner from the oldheads, that wasn’t happening them oldheads been there since the eighties.”
We passed crackheads and pretty grandmoms only in the their late twenties, their 14 year old daughters and newborn grandchildren following behind.
We saw burnt-out cars and empty crack caps, bright blue and red like toys littering the pavement. We watched teenage white girls picking up tricks, their eyes low and lost, already half gone to the other world, the other side, if there is one, if there is one Lord.






So I managed to step on and crush the several pills L had spilled.
He simply got down on the ground on his knees crushed them up even finer and snorted them.
Instantly, the color that had drained from his face returned and an obstinate glee came over him.
“If you wanted some you could of jus’ axed.”
He didn’t even seem bitter we had tussled.
“I don’t do that shit.”
“So you one of those, a programmer.”
“I don’t want that shit in my cell.”
“Do your thing I’ll do mine, stay out of my way.”
Then he got in his bunk and nodded off the rest of the evening.
I couldn’t sleep and knew I’d have to write about(with this right here) and call Joe










So Lord we found ourselves in line with every type of unfortunate, addicted, mentally ill and down on their luck individual.
Basir and Omar looked at me and each other as if to say, we don’t belong here, we were fat and clean compared to these people and I could feel a sense of humility come over all of us, “praise be to Allah” we all said almost in unison.
As the line snaked forward I came in earshot of Pastor Keith, his assistant and he handing out the sandwiches and bottles of water. I heard him as he asked each person “how are you?” most ignoring the question or taking it as a greeting, responding “how you doin’ sir.” The last word added on to signify the separation between his world and Keith’s, probably the opposite of what Keith intended.
I felt tension building in me as we approached as if I would be forced in this moment to defend my new found faith, my strange clothes, my unsavory companions.
Keith didn’t look twice saying “how are you John? John is still your name right?”
“Yeah.” I said, wanting to challenge him on his sarcasm but realizing it would only re-inforce his negative view of me. “How are you?” I asked instead.
“Blessed, my friend, blessed, still here tending to these pastures, you know.”
Then I turned to see the person handing out the bottles of water, I had been so absorbed in anticipation I hadn’t observed…
It was Tia,  Keith’s “friend,” the girl whose attentions had began the strange events leading right up to this moment.



Loletta, 					
I talked to Joe. I told him what popped off with L. He didn’t seem surprised.
I thought he might get mad at me ‘cause I was mad at myself, it was stupid to start tussling with boy, even though its hard to get caught fightin’ in your cell its all part of that old mentality that will lead me back to using.
Joe said “part of being clean and recovering is being an example to those who are still using. If we act a fool in front of active addicts they’ll think, ‘I don’t want no parts of what they’re doing’ So though its good you’re that stubborn about not using, in the long run, since you’re going to come into contact with drugs in the world, its better to learn to be an example, for you never know, the kid might ask you to sponsor him and by helping others we really get rewarded spiritually and are really able to stay clean above all.”
Part of the problem, the last few months there ain’t been no meetings up in here, Joe was bringing them in, then he started working another job and the guy who replaced him was supposably selling drugs to people at the meetings. Its fucked up. I ain’t hear all that until I talked to Joe. Looks like I ain’t gonna be able to make any meeting till I get out. Oh well God is with me.







So just the moment Tia recognized me and I her I heard Basir and Omar simultaneously utter “oh no,” and I heard the screech of tires. I turned to see Basir and Omar darting off in different directions, which is their conscious strategy, why both get caught, and a Ford Taurus pulled up on the curb with two white men already getting out before the car had even stopped moving their gaze on me


















L’s girl overdosed on heroin. She’s dead. L came in the cell and started pounding the shit out of the walls. The skin came off his fingers and knuckles, shredded and bloody.
He then started to wail like a baby.
I gripped him up, hugging him, waiting for him to push away, figuring it was worth the risk but he hugged back and stayed in that embrace for minutes maybe hours until all the water available to his body to make tears was gone.

















So Lord I was there and my Muslim brothers were gone and these serious ass white men were approaching and Tia grabbed my forearm and said “C’mon!” and she pulled me toward the interior of the train station where a crush of rush hour commuters would offer us cover and obstacles to our pursuers.
As I ran with Tia, dodging and half-knocking into people, I found myself wondering why I should trust this person, this woman who had been a big part of that crazy situation in the park that day. Why was she helping me? She was a fornicator, but I found myself going along with her anyway realizing I was trusting you Lord, not a mere human being…



 



  






So girl, God works. That same night they brought a meeting to us, it was just what L and I needed.
So we went and got to see those dudes from the other blocks who are just like me, tryin’ to stay clean for the first time, or had been doing good on the outside and then fucked up and got high and ended up back in here.
It was Louis’ first meeting ever and we all rushed up to him, clapping and he smiled though he was tryin’ real hard not to.
And he opened up and talked about how he was done with this shit (take it easy one day at a time we whispered) he couldn’t do it anymore, he was beat up from the feet up and he needed help.
After it was over and the other guys were gone, back to their blocks and their lonely cages, L and I were on our way back to ours and the whole prison seemed quiet and it would usually be a scary thing, like I said it is a lonely place with bars, a lonely place with bars, it being so quiet, but tonight it was different it was peaceful and I realized that for years I’d been in a panic about nonsense, buggin’ out over females or tryin’ to cop, or deal and not get caught, I could never slow down and enjoy anything and in the end it brought me here. It is not that bad, life, only I can make it really bad, by fucking up. 
It is pretty simple, you live each day and try to take what joy and beauty you can, and you work through the problems and get through the obstacles and you learn from them and you try to be good to those around you and then you go to sleep and hope to wake up the next day.

Later that night Louis turned over in his bunk and hollered down to me.
“Jay?”
“What?”
“I need a sponsor.”
“You’ll find one. Calm down its your first day.”
“Jay?”
“Yeah?”
“Can you sponsor me?”   “Jay?”
“Yeah.”  “Yeah I’ll do it.”















Lord, Tia and I weaved through the crowd turning back here and there to see how close our pursuers were.
We saw their heads above the crowds, their teeth gritting.
Finally we came out of the other side of the station into a parking lot and Tia pressed a button on a remote on her keychain and a truck flashed and beeped unlocking itself and she pushed me into the passenger side and ran around and got in and started the car.
The white men saw us, but they stopped, they probably hadn’t expected us to have a vehicle. They stood yelling into their cell phones as we peeled off into the city night.















Girl, I talked to Joe to make sure it was the right thing to do, sponsoring him, ‘cause I ain’t got the greatest grip on sobriety myself and it has yet to be tested out there in the world, but Joe said “do it up.”
He said “this will only help your recovery.”
So I’m excited about helping Louis.
He’s sort of settled down, but it might not be good. He’s real quiet and he sleeps a lot and its like the difference between sadness and depression. Sadness is a feeling, it may be a bad one, but its real. Depression is like just emptiness. I been there though when all is hollow and dark, black and vacant.
Anyway, I just want to reiterate(you like the big ass word don’t you?) how I don’t expect you to be in my life at all. I understand how I was, but I love you and will always love you and I think when you really love someone, you want what they want, not what you want.











So Lord, as we sped through the slums I looked over at Tia’s arm on the wheel and I saw how rich and brown its color was. I looked at my own arm saw how pasty and pale it was, not really one color but many, mottled, and I realized how used to black people I had become, how I’d begun to see myself as the exception.
I saw her arm and realized how beautiful she was.
“You wanna know why I’m helping you.” She said.
“Yeah, you could catch a case from helping me flee, aiding and abetting the authorities call it.”
“I’m down with the authorities.”
I thought she might be lying but nothing surprised me anymore
“Please do tell.”
“They came to me a couple years ago and offered to pay me to watch my brother. I said no, but then later they came back wit’ this truck here, like giving it to me, no car note, and they got me a job in an office with the city. I got a little girl and Caes’ wasn’t payin’ no support, so I took it. You think I’m a bad person?”
“Well lookin’ at how Cali disappeared.”
“Cali. Cali don’t care about me, he helped you, a white boy before he’d help me, jus’ cause I won’t turn Muslim.”
“What did Cali do to get taken away and what part did you play in it?”
We stopped in the middle of a side street and she began to back into a parking spot.
“We here at my house. Let’s get inside. I think we lost ‘em in the lot but it be better if we hurried and got inside the crib.”

I haven’t written in a while. Not much to say I guess. Joe says there’s always things going on at least internally, spiritually God is working. Louis is doing good, though he’s kind of quiet now that he ain’t high.
We throw spades, go to our weekly meetings, exercise, watch movies.
All is good, as good as is expected.
I know I’ll see you someday, talk to you, hear from you. Everyday my faith grows.

















Lord what strange events are transpiring. I must believe they are ordained, a part of your plan.
Tia locked the heavy door behind us as we entered her house.
“Sit down.” She said.
I sat on a second hand couch with fraying pieces of fabric like an unkempt beard jutting up from it.
The place was clean but sparse.
“Would you like a drink?”
The previous ordeal had parched me but I was too full of anticipation.
“No. Just tell me what’s going on.”
“Cali’s business was failing. He was about to be foreclosed on. He needed cash for the mortgage and to bribe the local government. So I introduced him to this Muslim dude I knew. This man offered to loan Cali fifty g’s. Cali wanted a contract however. It is Muslim custom to seal a verbal contract with a witness present. I was to be that witness. Cali was about to seal the deal when my friend decided to open a box in front of Cali and me. In it were fake stinger rockets. But Cali believed they were real and that the money being lent had something to do with those rockets, rockets it was implied were to be used for terrorism. Cali went ahead with the deal, anyway, he was so desperate and he figured he had nothing to do with the rockets. He would have never been involved with something like that, he was too peaceful, and he always said how much he loved America. Well the FBI arrested us all that day, but Cali didn’t know me and my friend were in on it. He’s in the Fed now facing ten years.
“You entrapped him.” I said getting up to leave, but the door had been locked from the inside with a key and it wouldn’t open for me. “If the rockets were fake then Cali didn’t do anything, didn’t help any real terrorism, don’t you and the FBI have real work to do, like protecting the country?”
“Forget about Cali. He done. If he was willing to take the cash which he thought was terrorist cash who can say what he’d do if it was real? We want you to help us, go on missions see if any anti-Americans are working out of the mosques in the city.”
“I won’t.”
“You ain’t got a choice boy. If you don’t they’ll lock you up.”
“On what charges?”
“They don’t need charges. All they need is suspicion. If you won’t help you suspicious.”
Then Tia’s door opened from the outside and in came the two men who had been chasing us.










Loletta, 
Its been a few months I know. Honestly I began to feel stupid about writing to someone who might not even be reading much less responding. Joe says its like I’m writing to God. These letters are a form of prayer.
I formally finished and went over the first three steps with my sponsor. You probably don’t know what I’m talking about but I can just say that I’ve accepted I can’t use drugs anymore, one day at a time, I believe that God, working through people and the meetings and prayer can help me not use drugs each day and each day I trust that if I relax and let these people and prayer and the meetings and Joe help me I’ll be fine.
Louis and me have grown close, he don’t act as tough anymore, he shaved his ugly scruffy ass beard and he walks straight and makes eye contact when he talks. We started playing chess and the patterned movements of the pieces calm us both and we come out of the cell focused knowing we got to deal with the wannabe gangsters that stalk the common areas talking shit, offering drugs and trying to son us, rank us.
We just smile but we never back down, nothing says just ‘cause I’m clean I gotta be a punk. There’s been close to, almost brawls, but I ain’t swinging first, I just stand my ground unafraid and these clowns always just talk and talk bla bla bla.
I ain’t afraid of no man. The evil power of drugs elicits (you like that word) a healthy fear in me I respect God and the cops/guards but other than that ain’t nothing you as a man can do to me I ain’t already done to myself all these years.



Lord, these FBI men, if that’s who they were, no one showed me any ID, hustled me into the back of their SUV and we sped off. I wasn’t cuffed and no one said anything to me.
A burly man with a marine crew cut sat next to me with a look on his face of impatient boredom. He seemed joyless yet focused, like the only details he would allow himself to observe, the only feelings he would permit himself to feel, were ones that mattered immediately, ones involving the certain task at hand.
I could never be like him I thought. Although I was scared I couldn’t help but admire the clean interior of the car, it had been so long since I’d been in one, observe how fluidly and nonchalantly the driver weaved through traffic, and wonder about the lives of the people walking the streets we whipped past as the neighborhood grew more affluent until finally we merged onto a highway.












Some shit is about to go down. Joe is always talking about his spirit, sort of like his intuition, a sense of what is going on inside him and around him, a sense developed and honed through prayer and step work (which are really the same thing). 
Well my spirit is bugging the fuck out.
It all started in the TV room. Some boys were talking smack, bragging, ok lying, about this that and the third, I usually block it out, its all diseased street bullshit, like fronting, fake and fraudulent, false and phony, but when I heard the name Angela, I stopped.
I started listening, it was this kid about Louis’ age, he a pretty boy, like fanatically thorough about his beard and his shape up, I think his name is Eric, well he speaking to these black boys and I heard him say “yeah that broad Angela. That’s why I’m in here, they wanna put her death on me. I ain’t put no drugs in her arm, I fucked her yeah, before and then after I realized she was gone, I figured she wouldn’t mind, she was dead anyways, but I ain’t force her to bang a speedball. Matter fact I told that bitch to slow her roll.”
Shit’s gonna pop off.
Angela was Louis’ girl.







Lord, I can’t say I was afraid as the agents and I rolled on toward whatever destination.
I wasn’t afraid because of you.
We pulled down a gravel road and then the taciturn man spoke.
“We have to blindfold and shackle you.” A statement, blank of emotion.
But forceful.
It is what it is. I heard voices say.
 Now I was scared, trembling in fact and I found myself gathering images of the last months here in Philly, images of defiance, postures of pride, stalwart stances, ones I had seen as worldly but now knew might help me endure this with dignity.
Why is dignity important? I heard a voice ask. 
It was my voice, or was it yours Lord?












I shouldn’t be telling you what I’m about to tell you, but I know I can trust you, and if I can’t…Well let’s just say I wouldn’t want to go on.
Louis came to me with a plan. He didn’t even seem angry, just hungry, thirsting for vengeance. There was an ease about him, paradoxical would be the word.
It was a peace I saw in Boo, a peace that says ‘I will do what I have to do, and I don’t know what will come behind it, but I don’t care, what I gotta do, I gotta do.’

















They took me blindfolded and shackled out of the truck. I could feel the crunch of gravel underneath my feet and felt afraid I might slip, my feet tied together, a bag over my face, but the men held me up and we shuffled forward. 
I heard a beep and the click of a door and once we were inside I smelled bleach and heard the distant whir of fans.
Finally we came to a place where they sat me down and removed the bag from my head.
I looked around and saw the plainest barest room ever.
Everything was gray and the only light hung directly above the table I sat at blaring bright.
I couldn’t even see the outline of a door on the wall. I was cuffed to a piece of metal welded into the table and a similar piece held my ankle shackled to the floor.
I looked at the man who had removed the bag.
He was of average height, his hair receding maybe forty, clean shaven with a weak chin. His eyes seemed to dart constantly, blinking, he seemed intensely curious, dissatisfied like always trying to see more, discover more from the world, it was the look of a man who thought this world was all, and that he was alone in it and therefore must know everything in order to control everything.






“What would you do, homie?” L pronounced the last word sarcastically, like I wasn’t really his homie at all. “What would you do if dude did that to your girl?”
“I don’t know.” I lied.
“Don’t lie.”
“What I would do don’t matter. I’m here to tell you not to, I would hope you would do the same if you were my sponsor and I was in this predicament.”
“I ain’t getting’ high. This ain’t about that. If not gettin’ high means I got to be a pussy then fuck it I’ll take care of dude and get high. Right now gettin’ on is the last thing on my mind. All I can think ‘bout is gouging boy’s eyes out and squashing them like grapes.”
I said nothing.
He went on. “You with me or not?”
All I could think about was you girl, and what I would do if someone did that to you.
“Yeah, I’ll help you.”









As the man paced back and forth in front of me I resolved to remain silent.
I had overheard Basir admonish Omar to ‘never say nothin’ to the cops. Not a damn word’.
“You hungry? Thirsty?” The man asked, the smile creeping over his face almost convincing me he was sincerely concerned for me.
But nah…forget that.
“So we have a tough guy.” He spat.
I wanted so badly to talk, to tell him I wasn’t trying to be tough, all I wanted to do was serve God but…
“Do you know why you are here?”
I had been taught manners so well it seemed rude not to respond, so instead I just tried to think of Cali and how he was the first man to ever show me love, not just say it but show it, to bring me into his home, a complete stranger, a white Christian.
I had to think of Cali and how this man had been involved in unjustly, unfairly putting him away.
My heart jumped I watched the man lunge across the table to smack me with the back of his hand a stinging fleshy impact spreading a buzzing kind of pain across my face.






So we did it. This letter has been specially sent, and like I said if I can’t trust you…
Yeah we did it, we murked that scumbag, the whole TV room watching, blocking the guards from getting through just long enough, they didn’t know we were slaying the boy, they thought were just rumbling and we made it look like that till the last second when slip slide the razor took its ride gliding across boy’s neck but it wasn’t that easy we had to hold him down punching and slamming his skull against the floor to keep him from thrashing too much and L dug and pushed and carved away the boy still kicking and flailing and tossing and no one really knew we had cut open his neck until the guards were on us and even then I looked up as I was thrown down by the guards and saw some other boys from the block nodding and smiling like sayin’ with their eyes the Tupac line
‘revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettin’ pussy.’












I was suddenly full of fear again. I told myself my soul was already safe with you Lord, its not just that I came from you and will return to you but that I never left you wholly, but the flesh is frail, oh how this material casing like an insect’s brittle shell is weak.
“I’m sorry I lost my temper for a second. You were ignoring me, but I understand you are young, confused. You think you are in trouble and you think if you just wait it out long enough we’ll have to let you go, that we will give up. But that’s not the case, no not at all.”
I felt an urge to please this man and a sense of semi-conscious shame surge slithering along my neural pathways beneath my skin, my very bones seemed to vibrate, my tendons tingling, the blurry slowly coming into focus memory…
Father.












Louis is gone, of course, where I don’t know. I’m back in solitary, Sgro is once again sending out these letters having mercy on me.
I have no idea whether they intend to charge me with murder or if Louis plans to plead guilty like he said or if I’ll have to take him up on his offer to let me testify against him so I can go free which is what he offered me in exchange for my help.
In fact, Sgro told me he heard a rumor that the boy wasn’t even dead, they had saved him. 
I don’t know what to think about that, or anything.
I know I feel like getting high out of nowhere, to be numb and itchy and warm and hopeful, excited yet calm and dreamy, smiling but evil and gleeful about a future thinking of fucking you and happy in a way that is gone in several minutes, but easy to replace with another bitter, brittle broken pill swallowed and the bliss again, a new evil smile thinking of enemies and conquests and how I was special better than this rabble of fools numb and itchy and warm adrenalized with energy but serene it fading so fast away.

 







 
As my interrogator babbled on a rush of memories crowded him out. Images sounds smells sensations, the taste of blood salty stinging as a hard tooth rolled over wet softness of inner cheek and tongue and whole time my father never yelling, he never altered his low tone always clear always direct “I won’t have my son rehearsing perverse fantasies under my roof.”All I wanted to do was pull up my pants, my underwear tangled in the jeans inside. I could take the fist if only I were dressed, that bothered me more than the pain, but that’s when he struck me, I was bending over to pull them up, just as he came through the door, my head was down, he came up from under my face with his fist and the force jarred loose a tooth.














Girl, I can have a party all by myself, here in solitary.
I do jumping jacks and push ups. I have long arguments with myself and I add to the messy mass of carvings and writing on the wall; gang territories, “West Side Riders”, “Chester Crips”, prejudiced shit, “Fuck crackers”, “Kill niggers”, and obscene drawings of hairy cunts and enormous cocks. 
I scratch out a scene of a shootout with the cops and I can’t get it too detailed but it works and I think about those Neanderthal cave drawings they found in France the earliest examples of art in human history, pictures of wild game buffaloes or some shit and I heard on TV that some people believe that cave artists drew pictures of their prey as a way of casting a spell, good luck hunting, like if they could draw their target it was a way of capturing the animal’s spirit and if you got the wild boar’s spirit already then it would be damn easy to capture its physical frame.
That got me thinking, if my spirit is free even though I’m locked up in here then the guards the courts Satan will lose.









“My name is John,” Lord, the man held out his hand for me to shake it, then as if realizing I was cuffed sheepishly withdrew it, but I couldn’t imagine a man like him making a social gaffe like that.
He was mocking me.
But then he came around and uncuffed me, saying, 
“You aren’t a threat to me.”
More mockery? Did he want to test out his theory about me not being a threat?
My stomach oozed and something popped wetly inside me, acid eating itself so I swallowed pride and said “How about that drink? Food too, maybe?”
“He speaks!” Government John said.
He left and returned with a Pepsi and a Snickers bar.
“Even though you don’t threaten me personally, I’m worried about your friends, your associations out there. People could use someone as bright as you. So I want to understand you and maybe we can work out something, a compromise.”









But babe, I am not free, not physically, not spiritually. You know what? I  don’t believe in such a thing, a spirit, a soul, essence. It’s a lie, a fool’s tale, a mystery whispered to frightened children under darkening skies.
If there was a soul and a place the soul came from and returned to I would not be able sit so calmly and contemplate killing that boy, not just contemplate it but celebrate it as my cell seems to shrink in on me all around me.

















The Snickers bar stuck to the roof of my mouth and then when I drank some Pepsi to loosen it the sudden rush of carbonation caused me hiccup and cough.
Government John sensed my trouble and he stopped mid sentence, he said
“You know what? We should go get some real food.”
And he came around and unhooked my leg cuffs and then he beeped open the door to the room and held it open glancing back to see if I was coming.

















I’m out of the hole, back on the block, no worse for the wear.
Boy Ant we cut up is alive.
I got all these feelings behind that fact, ain’t had much time to process it, so relieved to be out of that jail inside the jail. I was goin’ bananas in there, thinkin’ I was all smart and deep, but really I was just off the hook, unhinged my brain slammin’ back and forth inside my skull shaking reverberating like wild apartment party at three in the morning right before the cops get called.
The cops sat me down and asked me what happened with Ant. I told them I saw my sponsee getting hit, rolling around on the ground and I tried pull them apart, didn’t see a knife, didn’t know who was cutting who and next thing I know I’m in the hole.
I heard L gonna take the whole thing on the chin, nobody else who saw it said anything even heads that don’t like us wouldn’t peep, so they ain’t got no other witnesses.











I followed government John out of my interrogation room down the hallway with the low drop ceiling without the ceiling panels naked lightbulbs above the frames out into benign daylight, damp gravel and untended foliage haphazardly spilling over the fence into the lot.
He hadn’t looked back once. I guess he had me profiled, pegged, I loved comfort too much to escape him right now, I didn’t know where I was. I was hungry and tired and running away would involve thorns and highways and suspicious neighbors and vicious dogs and muddy puddles and a return to a still empty of food house in the city. It’d be nice just to relax and eat a meal.
He was right. I didn’t feel up to running. We were walking to his car when I laughed to myself, imagining an invisible chain linking him to me. His knowledge of my weakness was a transparent bond.
I was trapped by an idea.
All my life I had been to varying degrees.
I had broken the pattern when I went to live with Cali and appropriated a Muslim appearance but wasn’t I now being caught up in this identity, forced to defend myself or worse be used to gather intelligence?
My face froze, my laughter stopped, my lip curled.
I didn’t know if I wanted cry or scream or tackle government John or run.
I ran. 


 
Girl, you wouldn’t believe what they making me do. 
They want me to meet with boy Ant, talk to him and shit.
He said he won’t testify against me if I do it.
Louis pled guilty in exchange for a nickel sentence. Not bad, he’ll be out before he turns a quarter.
I don’t know what I’m ‘posed to say to boy. I ain’t got no respect for him. He’s a scumbag. Now L, that boy, he on some big boy shit, taking that charge on the chin all to defend his girl’s memory.
If I don’t talk to Ant I’m a face 5-10.
I figure they can’t take back the deal even if I say what’s on my mind.
I’m a fuck with boy when I talk to him.












Lord, I crashed through the woods for several minutes until I noticed how out of shape I was. I stooped over panting. Government John hadn’t chased me, or if he had he was far off still or was incredibly quiet.
I had passed over a small road but knew I’d find a residential area or a highway soon where I could find or figure out how to get back to the city. From what I knew of Philly we’d have to take bridges if we went south or east and I hadn’t seen any water on our way here.
I started to walk and I came to a fence.















Babe, the lady who was mediating me and Ant’s meeting was weird.
She had both laugh lines and frown wrinkles, like she’d done both a lot of crying and a lot of laughing in her lifetime. I looked at her as my guard led me into the room and sat me handcuffed on the other side of the table from where they sat. I looked at her and in her glance her eyes seemed to like flicker with amusement and lust and I thought ‘this broad used to be a down ass bitch, she used to be in the street like us.’
“Hi John, my name is Julia and I’m going to be mediating this interaction between Anthony and you.”
“Hello, sweetheart.” I wasn’t flirting, babe, I was just fucking with her.
She didn’t get angry or uncomfortable though, she kinda like just raised her eyebrows challengingly like giving me a look that said ‘you couldn’t handle this’.
Then Ant said “Wut up, boy.”
“I got ten years on you, son, kill that ‘boy’ shit.”
Then Ant began to cry, not just like tear up but I swear to God like sob and bawl.









Lord, I came to this fence, it was steady, a new sparkling piece and I knew if I jumped it trouble would follow.
Back home people could get shot for trespassing and often no charges would be lodged.
So I followed it and it went on and on and the brush was thick and I tripped, stumbled got cut up and scratched. Finally I reached a low dip in the ground and above this cut cars roared by.
I climbed, slipping on the slope and I looked across the road. Another fence, more private property. The only way to go was along the road.
So I went, following the cut below the gray barrier. But then the cut disappeared and it was flat beside the highway and another fence ran along endlessly.
So I had no concealment.
What I feared would happen happened as I walked along exposed.
A state trooper pulled up along the shoulder just several yards ahead.










So Ant was bawling and I looked at Julia and she hadn’t changed her expression at all and this calmed me but I still felt weird and my stomach gurgled and I went to get up and I realized I was chained to the table and for the first time felt the full impact of my incarceration. Ant crying made me sad but I didn’t want to show it and, but, I couldn’t move or leave and a memory of being on top of Ant trying to cut him open came over me and I exploded…

















The cop pulled over on the shoulder. He got out quickly yet deliberately. He turned  toward me walking watching me closely.
I didn’t have it in me to run, so I just resigned myself to whatever you intended, Lord.
“You OK, buddy?” he asked but it sounded like an accusation.
I shrugged and I kept my hands out in front of me as I walked towards him. He opened his back door for me “You’re going to have to come with me I can’t have you walking along the highway.”
I got in and he got in and my doors locked and I had no way to open them.
We drove.
“What are you doing walking along the highway?” He asked as he merged fluidly into the flow of traffic that had slowed upon seeing him.
“I was being interrogated by the FBI in a building nearby and I escaped. I wanted to get back home to Philly. You can get in touch with the FBI if you want, I’m too tired and hungry to argue.”
He looked back at me through his rear-view mirror, as his radio crackled, his eyes gave nothing away.







I erupted on Ant, “you fucked a dead girl you scumbag and now you wanna sit there pitying yourself, you ain’t gonna get no pity from me you degenerate…”
“It was the drugs, I was all fucked up, I didn’t know what was going on, I know you know what that’s like. I know you know what that’s like.”
I knew what that was like.


















Lord, I’m walking down Diamond Street now. The cop that picked me up on the highway thought I was a paranoid schizophrenic. He tried to get me sent to a facility but the county wouldn’t fund it after they talked to me and I wisely didn’t mention any desire to commit acts of violence.
So they dropped me off near the subway and gave me a token. I had eaten and slept and felt a little better.
I had finished reading the Qu’ran weeks earlier but recent events had prevented me from reflecting on it.
It was exhilarating so full of passion and fearmongering and compassion and violence I found it hard unlike the New Testament, but very much like the Old Testament, to distinguish between what was human and millennia –old customs and culture and the Eternal Word of God. That’s not say it wasn’t present, it just wasn’t always there, like the part when Muslims are admonished not hassle and /or disturb the Prophet.
For Christians this Word of God is Christ himself, the “Word become Flesh” his person, what he said and what he did for us all identical, so simple and easy and actually kind of elegant, but only so after you’ve read it all the way through.
But what, you may ask Lord does that have to do with now?
As I walk through inner city Philly on my way back to the only home I’ve known recently, it seems obvious; can I remain in a home with those of a faith different than mine? But what is my faith? It has been altered these same people, I cannot deny the 
Qu’ran even as they deny Christ’s divinity and label the whole idea of the Trinity blasphemy.
God speaks on its pages so I know now I cannot return home to my parents who in their ignorance hate Islam yet know not what or who they hate beyond basic images of Arabs and assault rifles.
I need a teacher, not just you Lord, but someone you work through.

I came to Cali’s house and walked up the stairs.
 I opened the door and a cloud of smoke swept across my face.
Basir sat on the couch with a TV tray in front of him. On the tray was a huge, messy pile of what was unmistakably marijuana.




 
 







 
Dear Julia,
I want to thank you for calming Anthony down and convincing him to continue in our process of reconciliation. As you may guess the incident he and I must discuss evokes much emotion in me, much of it uncontrollable, however I see the need for this emotion to be cleansed so to speak, so I want to continue in this process, not just in hopes of helping Anthony through his pain, but also in pursuit of some advancement in my own emotional state. As you may guess, the incident was not an isolated one in my life. If I hope to achieve any peace of mind and/or happiness, much less economic security and freedom from future incarceration upon my release I know I must learn about myself, forgive myself and become able to substitute positive behaviors for the negative ones I am accustomed to.
I look forward to our relationship growing as this process unfolds
  				Sincerely,
					John









“Close the door, dog.”
Basir said to me. Suddenly I felt awkward and wanted to leave but had nowhere to go.
So I sat down on the couch opposite Basir.
“Where the fuck you been?” he asked.
“That girl Tia is with the Feds.”
“That’s a true story.”
“I escaped from where they had me, I got picked up by a State trooper on the highway and when I told him I had ran from the Feds he thought I was crazy. They tried to have me committed but I wasn’t a danger to nobody so they had to let me go.”
Basir looked at me like the trooper had, withholding judgment, a poker face.
“Hit this.” He said, handing me a marijuana cigar he had been puffing on.
I started to protest, not wanting to take drugs, but I quickly figured out he was testing me.
I sucked on the nasty thing. It was a contraption sticky with the burn off and the saliva used to seal it.
“You think I’m working with them.” The words came out before I could catch myself, then I started to cough and kept coughing. I went to hand the blunt back to him.
“Nah, smoke some more. I ain’t sayin’ you workin’ with them, its just with Cali gone this my crib now and if you gon’ be here I gotta know what’s goin’ on with you. I mean, from what I seen you a straight-up white boy, you ain’t never been greasy with me, but you gon’ have to work with me.”
I didn’t feel a thing from the pot, but something about what I just went through possibly, made me fearless.
“I’m not going to participate in crime. Drugs steal people’s souls.”
“This ain’t a drug. This is a plant, and you ain’t gotta help me sell it, you just gotta keep your mouth shut about it and go and sell oil like before.”
I handed him back his falling apart cigar and went upstairs to sleep.




















Dear Julia,
Thanks for writing me back. I realize now I can be myself when writing to you. I guessed part of me felt less than you and I want you to have confidence in me that you can teach me ideas from your psychology background that can help me.
I’m looking forward to our next session. I’m involved in a twelve step program, I don’t know how much you know about them but I have a sponsor who is like a pastor, but more practical, he helps me make better decisions in my life. He told me it may be kind of early in my recovery to be making amends with Ant, which is a later step, ‘cause I may not know how to go about it in the right way, I haven’t had the spiritual preparation needed to forgive myself, ask for forgiveness without lapsing back into another conflict. But he said if it’s the only way to make things right, right now, then I have to try. I don’t know if you follow any of that, but I’d love to hear your input.
					John










Lord, a week has passed since I returned to Cali’s house. I’ve spent much time praying and contemplating my future. I think I’m going to go home, but I have to save some money first. All the money we make selling incense and oil is shared so I've begun looking for a job. I don’t want to go back to my father’s house, but I do want to return home so I will need money to find a place to live back home.
Meanwhile, Basir and I and the others are going to switch homes with another group of Muslims. Cali apparently arranged it from wherever he is at. We figured that whatever the government was trying to do with us was only semi-legal being as we are U.S. citizens and Cali is from Africa, and that’s why maybe government John didn’t pursue me when I escaped, however, we wouldn’t put it past them to try and kidnap one of us again so that is why we are going to move.
I’ve realized I’m more of a Christian than a Muslim, although I sometimes wonder if these titles mean anything to you at all Lord, basically, I’m weary of the adversity that seems to come living among these Muslims. I’d like to stay and serve among them but not from such a point of weakness, I do remember what Keith said about white Christians coming from the soft suburbs to the ghetto then fleeing back and I don’t want to run, but I need to find a profession, and/or funding because without money for food or a lawyer when these agents start their intrigue I’m at the mercy of the world, the Devil whatever you want to call it. Right now I’m getting ready to leave to go out and hustle oil. Please bless my work and protect me, Lord.




Dear Julia,
I think our last session went well. I decided I would just listen to Ant and maybe wait till next time to tell him how I feel. How do I feel? I guess I have a hard time admitting I’m wrong. Maybe it was right for me to hate what Ant did and understand why Louis might want to hurt him but it was wrong to do what we did. I think I’m going to admit that next time. I’m going to admit that what I did was wrong.
			John
 







  


   
  
 

Lord, that day we went to sell oil felt wrong from the start.
Basir and Omar and me sped along the cracked pavement toward our spot avoiding obstacles of broken bottles and black clad homeless men with overflowing grocery carts of junk in our path, passing a white man in three piece suit weeping on a stoop, pushing past two bony mangy dogs mincing at a maggoty pigeon, this city having its share of daylight nightmares and ugly naked grief but it seemed so much more obscenely obvious today. My guts agreed, churning in protest.
We were hungry and had to work.
The day went fast after we posted up at the end of the subway platform arranging our wares neatly on the greasy streaked floor. 
We sold almost everything in our inventory and stayed through the rush hour crush and well past eight o’clock, only leaving after we went a full hour without a sale.
For some reason I was entrusted with the wad of the day’s earnings and I secreted them in a pocket on the inside of my nylon bubble jacket.
I had almost forgotten your ominous nudging from earlier in the day Lord when along our eight block walk north back home we were stopped by a group of three men blocking our path between a stoop and the cars parked to our right fitted bumper to bumper so we had no option but to slide past the men ahead with their backs to us.
“Heads up, homie,” I said, careful not to show weakness with an ‘excuse me’.
Basir was even less diplomatic saying “Watch yourselves.”
But they didn’t move and we waited a few heartbeats and when they finally turned to us grinning, I felt something behind me and I turned and saw two more men standing there blocking a rear escape. Then I saw the glint of a gun in the small of Basir’s back.
They had us trapped.
If Basir turned to struggle with the guy with the gun the men in front of us would pounce.
This had been well planned, well orchestrated, all angles covered.
Resistance would be insane.
I said a silent prayer.
“Run your shit, aqui,” the man with the gun said.

















Dear Julia,
You wrote me and told me what you think my problem is.
It is that I do not know who I am, or rather would like to be.
You suggested I describe myself, put down the details of my life on paper, that way I can’t deny myself to myself or the world.
I talked to my sponsor for the first time in a minute.
He said almost the same thing that the fourth and the sixth steps help us have vision for ourselves, like how corporations will have a vision or a mission statement to guide their business. We can use the steps to guide the business of our lives. 
But he also said I might not be ready here in prison to figure all that out, just like I’m not ready to forgive myself or ask Ant forgiveness (which also involves me forgiving him) for what I did to him.
He said I may not be ready but I may have to do it anyway, find it in myself or find a strength courage and power beyond myself to do it all.
I’d like to think I have heart, which is a street word for courage, courage, which comes from the French word for heart.
Do you think I got the heart?






“Here’s the money,” I said.
Basir and Omar both narrowed their eyes at me like ‘What the fuck!’
I guess they expected me to at least play dumb, make them find the cash.
But my father had told me stories of hunters being robbed and he said the longer the thing took the higher the chance of violence, egos and men and words being involved.
“I’ll give you my share from now on until I make it up to you,” I whispered to them.
As soon as the men in front of us saw me hand the wad of cash over they started walking away fast, but the two that had come up behind us, including the one with the gun, remained. The one began digging through my pockets, jostling me, cursing.
The other said “C’mon, Manny,” knowing now it was three of us and two of them, the gun notwithstanding.
“Nah, this cracker’s holdin’ out on me. Where the rest? Fuckin’ white boy Muslim. Only thing I hate worse than a Muslim is a white boy.”
Then his gun jammed.
He had either pulled the trigger accidentally with all the jerky momentum of his movements, or actually meant to shoot me.
Either way now was the time. I couldn’t bet on him and his gun not working a second time.
I maneuvered under his right arm with my right knocking away the gun with my left spinning him against the wall of the house, he fell the gun clattered away, then we were all on him, kicking and punching, his boy jetting off to catch the others.
“Get the gun!” The boy we had down balled up trying to protect his face, belly, loins, but then he produced a knife from who knows where and tried to stab me.
Basir said, “We gots to take care of him, get back our loot and go, the other four might be coming back.”
Omar kicked dude in his face with this boot, the knife now falling away.
Then Basir had the gun aimed at the bleeding, curled-up boy. We all stopped.
I looked up the street. The four from earlier were jogging back towards us not wanting to draw too much attention to the whole scene I imagine.
Basir said, “Omar find our cash.”
Omar had it back in a flash. Boy didn’t even fight for it.
Then Basir tried to shoot him. The gun jammed again. “Fix this!” He yelled at me, how he knew I knew about guns I don’t know but I protested.
“Why? You’re gonna shoot him?”
“Yeah, it’ll slow down his boys from chasing us, plus we gots to show ‘em we ain’t playin’ if not they’ll come back at us later.”
I popped a round out of the chamber, pulled out the clip then slammed it back in, then BLAM I shot kid in his kneecap the sound of it both the gun firing and the wet crack of bone was thunderous the boy’s shock and pain startling me him screaming I remembered dying deer bucking moaning kicking out their last measures of life, Basir yelling “not in the knee in the head!” Then I was gone running the gun no longer in my hand and then I heard a second BLAM thunderclapping…
I ran all the way back to our new house.



Dear Julia,
As you probably know Ant ain’t interested in reconciliation no more.
 He probably didn’t tell you why.
The other day in the chow room I heard him talking to some black boys sayin’
“I’m a get him when I get outta here.”
The one of the boys said “Ain’t you like meeting up wit him and whatnot, trying to make peace or whatever?”
Then the other one said “Yeah we heard you was cryin’ in there sayin’ ‘why did you cut me?’”
Ant said “Nah, that ain’t even it, you gotta see my hustle, I’m like giving him a fake sense of confidence, make him think its all peace and then when we both out there, BLAO! I’m a-“
That’s when I crept up on him, he ain’t see me or know I was around, I said
“What you gonna do Ant, when we get out? Why don’t you do something now?”
Then I kinda felt bad ‘cause I knew I’d be writing you and you wouldn’t think this was the proper way to be acting, but this is me and I’m writing it down, who I am.
Ant didn’t have nothing to say, he got frustrated, sputtering and stuttering he rushed me.
All I did was grab his arm and use his own momentum to toss him into a group of dudes at a table nearby, they muttered and tried to get out of the way  but couldn’t and so they pushed him back my way and Ant ended up on his face at their feet.
I went over to him bent down and said “I apologize for tryin’ to cut you but all this drama is unnecessary, leave me be, boy, or next time…”
The guards ran up and gripped me up and the black boys started defending me sayin’
“Nah, he ain’t even try to rumble, the boy Ant rushed him and fell down on his face.”
Then they laughed and the guards laughed and they went over and scooped up Ant taking him away to the hole.




















I got back to our new crib and ran upstairs to my room and began packing my meager possessions.
 If I had learned anything during my time in this city with these guys I knew they’d be heated at me, hating my weakness, they’d think I wouldn’t protect them if shit hit the fan that I’d be afraid of the law if things got ugly again and that means I might snitch.
I realized my only option was to panhandle for a couple of days hoping to scrounge up the seventy bucks needed for a bus ticket. I’d have to find a soup kitchen to eat first and make friends on the bus trip that might feed me.
So that was the plan. 
I was walking down the stairs when the front door opened.













Julia,
I asked you in my last letter if you believed in God and not just the word God, but if you believed in God in a way that made you act differently than other people and you told me it wasn’t important.
I still want to know I know it’s personal and all, but how you are, how you want to help me, how you have this job, all shows me something is going on with you, something that could help me, that could help me on  the inside, emotionally, spiritually, ‘cause I ain’t gonna be here in jail forever and when I get out I know I can get the things most people want, house girl job, but can I keep them? Or can I even be happy with them, or will I feel like they are prisons, jails of the ordinary, cells of a simple life that I will rage either quietly or loudly to break out of, destroying myself in the process?












“There he is, fuckin’ white boy Steven Seagal.”
Basir and Omar pranced at the bottom of the stairs.
“Come down, dog.”
I took each step deliberately, as if I might trip.
“Where’s the gun?” I asked.
“Don’t fuss, white boy, we handled that.”
“I’m seriously getting sick of this ‘white boy’ shit.”
Basir looked over at Omar and they both started cracking up laughing hands clapping dancing backwards. 
I stood glaring at them.
“C’mon white boy, don’t be so serious, you handled that shit back there. You was on some Bruce Willis shit, let’s twist up some earth, celebrate.”
“What are we going to do if the cops come looking for us, or if the guy we, um, you know, his friends want payback?”
“First off,  five-o ain’t gonna know shit. People round here don’t talk to Police, and his boys? They scared, bitch-made, if they wasn’t they’d a helped they homie.”







So, Julia, in you last letter you said that you do believe in God, but that lots of people do, but it doesn’t show, and lots of people hate God or claim atheism and they live lives of happiness full of compassion towards others. You said God, happiness and compassion all come together though not always in that order.
All that was deep, but like you said I don’t understand it completely, I do know that my time in jail so far has been the-what am I saying? My sponsor got murked, my young boy’s upstate, I tried to murder somebody and my girl won’t write me back or call or nothin’.
But yeah this has still been the best time of life.
You are gonna ask me what I mean by the word ‘best’, I bet.













I smoked weed with the boys and they couldn’t stop telling me how vicious I was, disarming that nigga who tried to heist us and it felt good their praise and awe and part of me wondered still how I’d got here and felt I shouldn’t be proud of death and violence, but I felt asleep and awake at the same time, my eyes half closed my body tingling and before I could entertain anymore guilt I was smoking more and we were eating and the food tasted amazing. I imagined the spirits of the dead had returned in me and they were the ones eating that I was experiencing what it would be like to enjoy the pleasures of the flesh again after having roamed some twilight limbo of only energy for so long and I ate and I smoked and laughed and ate some more…














Dear Julia,
I meant to start writing about my mother and father like you said but something big came up.
I’m way thrown off.
Back when my sponsor was still getting high he bought some handguns legally then sold them on the street so he could get cash to get high.
Those guns are still out there somewhere.
So Joe is worried that if those guns are used in a crime it’ll come back to him something major and it could be after he has already like established himself with you know, job house wife kids.
Right now he’s back in school living with his parents.
Well Joe did the most insane thing.
He went down to the precinct and told the cops the story; how he used to be bad, now he’s good and he wants to make the situation right.
 They made him wait, told him he might get locked up immediately, then he waited more, then they took down a bunch of info and then they told him he could go and they’d be in touch.



 


We put warm oil on the clippers brushing off the mix of wavy blond and kinky black hairs that had accumulated in between the blades.
My head felt clean, my face seemed leaner in the mirror and I was glad to have the bulky beard gone.
With our bald heads and shaved faces we headed to the train that would take us downtown to the Mall.


















So I’m like questioning this whole thing I’m doing.
Turns out Joe also gave the cops descriptions and names of the boys he sold the guns to.
I mean if the whole purpose of what Joe is doing is being spiritual moral righteous whatever then don’t snitchin’ defeat that?
I mean he like gave them boys his word implicitly, like unspoken, that he wouldn’t tell on them. If they had known he might get all holy later and tattle they would have never bought the burners in the first place.
I ain’t with all that tattlin’ shit, call me what you will.














The mall was empty.
 It was a weekday afternoon.
We didn’t care we needed gear for our new hustle, we had a plan.
As we walked, I looked over at Basir. He looked so different without his beard and hair, his face was all angles, sharp yet strong, the facial bones like almost bursting through his skin.
I realized I didn’t know him, not a bit, but I trusted him, on the strength of his face alone I had faith in him. 
We all picked out our clothes and we got them tight not crazy baggy like was the style for years. We all seemed to like the skull and bones motif and we all got variations on that and we left the store wearing what we copped and we all seemed sinister and strong when I saw us in the stores’ glass reflection, the skeletons we wore spattered gory on our shirts and hoodies and I smiled thinking of death.










When I think of my father I think of a stereo, circa 1980, silver metal and blue fluorescent background for the station numbers, 87.9 to 107.9, its knobs and buttons so easy to turn and press, bass and treble, Luther Vandross and Fleetwood Mac, headphones like spaceship cockpit equipment, my dad making mixtapes drinking Colt .45, Billy Dee on the commercial, “that’s the guy form Star Wars!”. When he tried to dance later older I laughed, but now looking back in my mind he didn’t look so bad, he didn’t make over dramatic moves, a small step, a little sway, elbow swinging, ‘throw them ‘bows’ a song from two decades later. Maybe because I miss him I minimize his awkwardness, a clumsiness I ran from so far from I ended up here, sure he was ‘obtuse’, shy then forward with women, eager to please, unable to lie or say no to favors so afraid of unpleasantness he’d come home broke from the bars having given his whole paycheck away in tips loans and drinks.
He gave me a loan for two hundred dollars to buy my first quarter pound of weed, when I first started slangin’.









Back when we were still going to Mosque Basir met this white girl who had come to research a college paper, some of the people at the Mosque were cold to her but Basir welcomed her and started seeing her.
He talks about converting her but what does that mean when we’ve stopped attending Mosque and shaved our beards and got rid of our clothes?
I still pray, but not as much, and I still write this.

















I don’t want to talk about my mother.
What am I? Some sort of lab rat for you? You think I don’t know what you academic types do? You publish papers, conduct studies where you manipulate the participants, get them to play roles, like human emotions, pain joy love suffering are fucking games to you.
You think you can put my life down in statistical columns?
Summarize it in a treatise?
Yeah I’m anti-social.
Yeah I’m a criminal drug addict deviant borderline personality, paranoid, violent, with a hefty persecution complex.
You are all these things too, deep down inside, everyone is, you and ‘em are just scared to let the demons out.
Cuz’ if you did let ‘em out you might end up in here with me waking up everyday trying to exorcise the slippery spirits grown wild and clever from years of feeding.
 You might end up in here with me trying to reject and rebuke these devils trying to banish them with only a lousy new age 12 step book, a washed up social worker wannabe researcher and a cold floor on which to place the bony knees so unused to this position.


 



We been stayin’ at Laura’s house just off campus basically every night.
This place is off the chain all day everyday, people come rolling in, get high, lay around, little mini-parties spark off in the kitchen, around the bong upstairs in bedrooms, video game tournaments, sex contests (not really, well sort of) drinking games and best of all for us every kind of substance changing hands.
So we established new routines, like intense almost parliamentary negotiations out back on the deck or upstairs in the hallway or with the GameCube paused lounging on the couches, bargain reached, deals struck, cash made.















I gotta tell ya, Julia, you the only one I got.
I gave up on my girl a minute ago.
My pops is dead.
 My mom don’t visit, no letters won’t take collect calls.
So maybe you can understand why I don’t want to get all deep about her.
I’ve done so much thinking and feeling since I been here, I just want to take a break, forget it all, worry about the rest when they spring me, but when lights out is called, my celly is snoring, I’ve already rubbed one out, snuck a quick smoke, cleaned the very last peck of dirt from beneath my fingernails I am here alone.
What do you suggest for that?
I don’t really get it?
Is there a purpose to it all?











So we were resting at Laura’s crib, partying, moving weight, flirting with the females and Basir told me it was all for a purpose. 
“Spiritual warfare can be in different ways, dog, the unbelievers would be poisoning themselves anyway, so ain’t it better for us to take some prosperousness from it if it gon’ pop off like that no matter what? We preparing for later battles, we can’t go to war with empty stomachs.”
That was all a joke to me.
Basir was filling up more than his stomach, Laura was his girl, but so were others, and he drank and took pills and of course burned trees which was the only vice I partook of.
The older part of me, the part I thought dead with the stick-up kid I helped murder, still glowed like dying embers among coal at the bottom of my stomach, a faint heat rising up opening my nostrils to smell the stench of perversion, no that’s too strong a word, the embarrassing odor of desperation, the raw hunger, the people in this house like dogs with shit streaked on their hind legs, food clumped in their whiskers still trying to hump a couch leg.
Not perverted souls preparing themselves for hell fire, just average animals, awfully avaricious their appetites their most obvious aspects.
Though I bought none of Basir’s ‘warfare’ argument I did understand we were a bunch of unemployed undesirables on the run from authorities and possibly inflamed enemies.
I couldn’t just go and be Godly elsewhere without some cash and a plan.



So the point is love and you love me?
What are we? Hippies from the sixties?
Love is for the popular and the not lonely.
Take my mother for example.
She lives alone in the bad part of town, the house I put down for long since foreclosed on, her beauty blooming then fading long ago, she goes days without showering, though she barely sweats so no smell is apparent, her hair is knotty, her clothes thrift store style, unintentionally hipster, wrinkled teenage skater boy hoodies and khakis with eighty five pockets, she drinks gallons of tea and coffee mixing Xanax with Tylenol PM in the morning simply to face the nervous sun, demanding day (it says you are here go work go play). She works intermittently as a home care nurse. She has a patron though she practices no craft (unconscious witchery cursing all the past people) a neighbor from long ago whose husband my mom had a drunken one night affair with this secret now revealed somehow surreptitiously cementing some latent lesbian bond with this lady who is a doctor feeding and paying my mother’s rent, no hobbies, no makeup, no shopping, only children now grown and grandchildren ones she raised for my drugged up half-sister now taken states away, their love my mother’s last purpose, but this love and purpose like stomach bugs in symbiosis with our digestion simply adaptive and thus temporary.





One night me and Laura was sittin’ watchin’ TV, Basir and Omar had gone to rear up, and everyone else was passed out.
I ain’t ever really talked to Laura before and I kinda wanted to keep it that way.
She was so pretty and seemed so smart and did so many drugs she scared me.
We was watching some sort of throwback show where they made fun of things from the 1980’s, mocking or praising Rubik’s Cubes, Walkmans, Connect 4, and Billy Jean by Michael Jackson.
Then they started talkin’ ‘bout Dungeons and Dragons.
I guess Laura noticed I didn’t relate to that, ‘cause I didn’t laugh or say anything like I did with the other things, so she said “No D&D in South Philly, too nerdy?”
“I ain’t from South Philly.”
“The Northeast?”
“I’m not from Philly at all.”
“You sound like it.”
“Do I?”
“Where are you from then?”
“Indiana.”
“Stop lyin’.”
“True story.”
“How did you end up running with Basir and them?”
“Long story.”
“Long true story?”
“Yeah somethin’ like that.”
So it turns out my sponsor Joe ain’t gonna do no time for those guns he sold.
He told me it was the power of truth, power of God, maybe so, but I would never do some shit like that, all the dirt I’ve done? Quiet as it’s kept.
He told me it was good all the work I’m doing with you, but he also said some other shit about it, like I gotta be careful about getting direction from more than one person, more than one sponsor or guide or teacher or whatever ‘cause I might try to go to two people with the shit I’m dealing with and only listen to the person who cosigns my shit.
I think his ass is jealous of how close me and you are.
Those two things I wrote about my Mom and Dad really helped me.

You didn’t think I could write that good.
Shit should be published.











I awoke groggy to the sunlight rude and loud all around me, the curtain half- closed last night’s smoke curled in the upper corners of the room, sleep’s morphine retreating, certain sharp nowness, awakeness settling in the center of my mind behind my eyes.
But I had nothing to wake to.
Maybe later Basir would have me go meet some students to sell them herb.
I could smoke the half of the cigar blunt left from last night.
I should eat, wasn’t hungry, more video games didn’t seem promising. This lack of interest didn’t seem right considering how intrigued with all and everything I was last night; the TV a magic box blasting out faerie alien images, the college kids I was smoking with each smart or witty with one-liners or better with the long built-up ending with well-time punchline stories, then the sparkling stars outside on the deck icy light beckoning from better worlds to this vast wasteland stretching everywhere endlessly.
Today was so direct, here now, do something, but nothing to do.
I realized I had to move my bowels, and the downstairs bathroom was broken so upstairs I went.








So you maybe figured I’m smarter, more educated than my diction, my idiomatic idiosyncrasies indicate.
I did some college back in the day and my Dad had lots of books.
I used to read them during the day between calls from the clientele.
Where is this going? I guess I feel inferior to you and I’m confused ‘cause you represent science and my sponsor Joe he represent religion, though he ain’t pushing it on me, and I guess I really want to choose sides and I can’t if I don’t know enough about either and it all comes down to a question of what am I doing and why am I here? If it don’t mean nothing and we all just dust waiting to crumble and be swept away in the wind and there’s no truth or justice then I might as well get high do dirt get mine and when science tells me there’s nothing bigger than us, no order to everything I don’t believe them in my heart. I can’t won’t trust that, but when Christians and Muslims say there is someone bigger than us and they know his one and only name and how his order is ordered and who goes where when I laugh at that too.
So I’m left confused here and when I wake up in the middle of the night sometimes half asleep I think of my father dead gone forever and I think of my own extinction and I’m not sure if I’m terrified or aroused.






The door to the upstairs bathroom was cracked so I assumed it was unoccupied.
When I went in Laura stood naked with her back to me.
I mumbled an apology and backed out of the doorway but I couldn’t help but look at the small of her back its divine curve as the flesh below swelled out forming a sort of a shelf and then she turned and I saw a flash of half a breast, a nipple erect in the sudden cold of the room. “No worries. I’m not bashful, we all have bodies.” She said, and then knowing I needed to use the place she exited the towel wrapped taut around her torso.
When I tried to shit my penis kept getting erect and hitting the bottom of the toilet lid in front of me, I had to take it out but then I had to piss as the waste exited my body.














Bad news from my sponsor. He gotta turn himself in down the precinct, 55th and Pine, he might be there for a couple days then they’ll spring him for the prelim’, then he’ll get his jury trial in a few months, he’s getting’ a lawyer and I know from that whole dance that the lawyer’ll want two g’s just for the prelim and then Joe’s lookin’ at 15 to 20 g’s for a trial, if it comes to that.
He said his church is gonna help him with that, but I can’t see a church putting up 20 grand.
He allright though, for somebody who ain’t never been in the clink, he’s talking about jail somewhere people are just asking for help, spiritual help, and he thinks he’s just the man to do it.
I know what some people might say, that heads in jail ain’t tryin’ to hear about Jesus. But I know Joe he ain’t just gonna jump people like BOO! ‘For God so loved the world..’
He’s gonna build with people, he could help them get clean first, he’ll tell them how he got clean, get to know them like he did me.
I’m more fucked up about it than he is, the man’s been there for me over the last year.
Without him I would have probably gotten high, then fucked up the deal with Ant and been sent upstate.
Instead, I’ll be here another year I been clean nine months and I got to meet you.
What I’m trying to overstand is why he did it.
Why go turn yourself in for something five years old?
I mean I know with burners they usually scratch the serial numbers off and who’s to say anyone every shoots anybody with them anyhow?
What Joe said was that it didn’t even really matter whether the chances of getting bagged for selling the burners in the future was high, that deep down inside him it would burn him up, throw him off, nudge him negatively, like a softly spoken spell, a humble mumbles hex, over time he might end up getting’ high again or fuck himself up in other ways.
But now he’s facing a felony and maybe a multiple year bid.
Don’t that defeat the whole purpose of avoiding trouble for yourself in the future in the first place?















“You a virgin ain’t you?” Basir said.
“Nah.” I said. We was sittin’ on Laura’s wrap-around couch burning trees watching videos on her plasma.
“Stop lyin’ J. You can’t lie to me. Don’t you know Allah don’t like a liar?”
“What you know about the Lord? When’s the last time you been to Mosque?”
“We talkin’ about you bein’ a virgin.”
“The Word says its better to wait.”
“Yeah, a thousand years ago. Plus you sittin’ burnin’ these plants anyways.”
“It’s not the same thing.”
On the TV Jason Bourne – Matt Damon – just messed up some dude bad, some acrobatic savagery.
“Damn, Bourne’s a beast. He like you J, with his hands. That’s what I’m a call you from now on. If you was a rapper that be your name – Jason Bourne. I bet Bourne ain’t a virgin.”
“Bourne ain’t even real.”








So Joe went to see this lawyer. The lawyer was like “You’re not gonna serve time, they might try to make you but I know all the judges and I’ll tell him – the kid turned himself in after five years! You gotta be kiddin’ me if you want to lock him up.”
He wants 2500. I didn’t want to tell Joe that lawyers all promise you things right before they take your money. Maybe I’m wrong.
So you wrote me that everyone has to live with themselves, I almost said ‘by’ themselves, that if by Joe’s standards and morals its more important to do what’s right than to be comfortable and free no one can tell him different he’s the one who has to put his head down and sleep at night. But you also said that sometimes we’re forced to make decisions where no matter which way we go, we may be doing wrong, that an interventionist God clearly does not exist or he does not always exercise his power that if Joe gets locked away he will be hurting me, his family, the other people he sponsors and ministers to, but if he had chosen to keep quiet he may have let these guns remain out there and hurt people and the crime remain deep inside him slowly poisoning him.
Either way someone gets hurt.
Maybe not though, maybe he’ll be set free, maybe he’s already free, unconditionally so, a freedom unaffected by bars cages or guards.




 

Basir left on a mission to NY. He’s gonna bring back all sorts of shit for us to sell, yayo, good trees, bootleg dvds, even some plasma screens. He rented a car and him and Omar left this morning, he made a big production of leaving our business and his girl behind with me and after the virginity conversation on the real it was a joke.
He pulled me aside and gripped me up in a half-loving hug half wrestling attack move and looked me in the eyes and said “I’m trustin’ you Bourne, you gotta come correct, be thorough, I know you smart enough but you get distracted sometimes, all dreamy like you want to paint and run through fields and shit, and watch Laura for me, she smart too, but she gets high too much. We’ll be back in a few days.”














My sponsor, under pressure from detectives sympathetic to him, changed his statement, you see buying a gun for someone else is a felony, but buying a gun and then reselling it later is a misdemeanor. The DA may still see the original statement and point out inconsistencies and still push for a felony, but he has a better chance this way.
These detectives apparently have chased down and locked up some of the baddest criminals in the last twenty-five years of Philly history. They’ve seen worse and Joe isn’t even close so they don’t want him to ruin his life or rot in jail.
But Joe described this feeling to me, a feeling he had after he left the precinct. See, he wanted to tell the whole truth even if it would make things worse for him and after relenting he like came down, like as if he was withdrawing. He felt his whole spirit, like his electric essence, his soul, sinking, slowing down falling, the ground calling to him death and nothingness suddenly attractive to him. All because he told a simple little lie designed to protect him.
Was it worth it?
He wondered  out loud as our time on the phone came to a close, cell doors closing and inmates’ calls echoing.







The days after Basir left rolled by.
I got calls on his pre-paid untraceable cellphone. I met up with his customers. I weighed and bagged up the product in the concrete basement by the water heater and I turned away anyone who showed up at the house to cop. We had decided not to party or sell from the house where we both slept and stashed our supply. Basir in fact had plans to rent a storage space, put a four-wheeler in there and there we would bag up and store our shit under the pretense we were working on the bike.
I saw little of Laura. She didn’t cop off me. She left early, dressed professionally and came home late a stack of books in her backpack. I took to smoking my weed in the attic where a tiny round window gave me a circular picture of a cloudy blue sky. I smoked in the cellar when it was overcast. I burned incense and exhaled into a cardboard paper towel roll that had a dryer sheet stuffed  inside. The pot exhaust smelled of fresh clothes.











Thanks, Julia for the new books. I finished the Skinner and the Marx and the Nietzsche. The last one fucked me up. He says our ideas about good and evil and right and wrong come from a weak slave race mentality, that its easy to talk about morality when you are on the receiving end of oppression but you rarely hear the same complaints when you are on top, with power, in control. I mean look at Israel, they have no problem bombing whole blocks where civilians live in pursuit of militants in Palestine and used terrorism to secure their land from the British in the first place in the forties.
Now that they have power  the words strategy and security replace justice and righteousness.
But its unfair to only speak of the Jews, there some Muslims up in here, that’s all they speak about, Zionist this, Jews that.
People are ruthless, animals everywhere and always. It kinda make me wonder about me trying to be good and be clean and advance ‘spiritually’. Is power and strength and your own self-interest all that matters?









“What are you doing?” Laura asked me.
“What it look like? I’m chillin’ watchin’ Sucka Free.” I was chilling watching Sucka Free on MTV2.
“No. What are you doing here, living here, selling drugs an hour out of the day then laying around the rest?”
“You want I can bounce.”
“No it’s not that. I’m just curious and I care. I don’t really know you but for some reason I feel bad for you I can just sense you are made for something more.”
“Basir isn’t?”
“Basir is too, but he’s stubborn, a stubbornness I guess comes from 23 years in this city.”
“What’s your point?” 
  “I watch you and you’re a quick learner but your words your movements, the slang, the swagger and strut, they are all new to you and you don’t quite have them down…”
I cut her off. “You sayin’ I’m fake. I got dipped on, bagged up by the Feds, escaped them, was locked up, I took a burner from some boy who tried to stick us and I capped him in the leg with it, like bone fragments and  blood everywhere..”
“Now we are getting somewhere.”
“What you want from me?”
“Just talk to me, keep talking..”




So you want to know about Loletta. You asked about my Dad. I told you. You asked about my Mom, I wrote about her. Loletta is done with me. I’ve moved on. There’s not much else to say. It’s not deep. It’s just life. People come go die get tired of you, things change, you find new people and sometimes these people ask you about the other people the people who have gone, who have left, who you thought you had forgotten. Then you realize you haven’t forgotten them, you can’t forget them, you will never forget them.  

 
 
 








 
 



I do not remember how it started.
I remember us arguing and then it is a blur until I recall the feeling of prickly hairs jutting up above almost rubbery skin.
I was aiming my penis wrong and it slid along the skin just above her vagina where there should have been hair but there wasn’t, the bottom of my shaft was stung slightly and she laughed and pushed me back slid her ass up the couch away from me and her knees were in the air and she grasped me and guided me inside her and told me to pump push thrust and after that my memory gets sketchy again but little images emerge popping up through the flat sheet of water of unconsciousness her lip curling and her front tooth flicking her lip to form the ‘F’ in the words ‘fuck me faster’ a single strand of hair darker brown with moisture stuck to her forehead with sweat how she barely brushed my nipples with her hand and it sent pulses through my body and her eyes, then most of all I awoke to full consciousness looking at her eyes.
Her eyes were almost alien in the look they gave, one I’d never seen before, narrowing arrogantly, reckless with ecstasy, even angry like one eye gazed upon oblivion death nothingness and the other upon me and this world of pleasure pussy pounded pricks as a result with her entire gyrating body she was savagely defending her right to this joy, to fuck and get high a roar of rebellion against the quiet suggestion of endless un-existence eternal sleep that seemed to stalk hidden in the shadows of all our days.
She came, shaking, deflating exhaling out and her eyes lost that light and she looked to her side and if now she saw anything at all I swear it was only the couch cushion and specifically the tiniest piece of fabric fraying away, just there, hanging ugly.

  Julia dear you didn’t answer my question about whether its worth it to try to be ‘good’ whatever that means when the world is so full of corruption and lust for power, instead its like you dodged the question and asked me about my ex-girlfriend.
You say my relationship with Loletta was abandoned because I’ve given up on my mother and that my relationship with Joe, my sponsor, is working because my father is dead and I want him back and both of these are like my relationship with God because God gives us hope reasons to be alive and so do the people we love.
So all that being said I guess you’ve answered my first question about this unfair world of pain because even though it lets you down this world is worth it if you love the people in it even though they are the ones who let you down, its not the world that lets you down it’s the people in it that do.
Who are you, in all of this, Julia, baby, are you my mother my girl or my God?
Or are you becoming all three?










“Do you believe in God?”
I asked Laura. We were sitting up on the couch smoking cigarettes naked a sheet shared between us.
“I just took your virginity and you want to know if I believe in God? That’s what I’m talking about, you don’t belong here.”
“How did you know I was…?”
“Basir told me. He told me to fuck you too, said it would be good for..”
“What?” I jumped up away from the couch.
“You don’t think I would just cheat on Basir like that?”
“So I was right you don’t believe in God.”
“Oh don’t get holy on me, I don’t you’re right but that doesn’t mean I don’t do right by the people in my life.”
“Whatever I saw it in your eyes, you are so afraid of death, so angry that we have to die, that you fuck and drug these feelings away.”
I left the room to go smoke a joint.








So you don’t disagree, Julia, but you still want me to write down on paper how I feel about Loletta, but I want to write about you how I want you how when I get out I want to fuck you how I dream about you how I jerk off with the few images I have of you stored away, and your letters the words written with wit and intelligence and passion and care I won’t say love because I know you don’t love me in that way, but no I will say love because what the fuck does ‘that way’ mean? ‘I’ m not in love but I love’, its bullshit to love in that way is a decision but to love you the way I do already is not you can’t help but love me want to help me I bet that’s your biggest problem you love everything not just everyone but everything that you did drugs had two divorces tried Buddhism church analysis became a psychologist all because you are in love with every last particle quark atom grain of sand billion stars twinkling out there, but this love is not returned, can a star love you? Can a sand grain hold you? No, its all cold to you and that love you send out leaves you open and vulnerable and scared but you keep on sending don’t you, you can’t help it.
I can love you.
I will love you.
I love you.






Later, I came downstairs and Laura was dressed, watching a movie.
She smiled at me. I sat down. She turned back to the TV. We waited.
“I feel like I know you.” I said.
“In the Biblical sense?” She returned.
“No, like I’ve known you a while.”
She blinked, perhaps choosing her words.
“I do too, that’s why I came to you so bluntly before, you know, we ended up doing it.
I can see how it might seem weird or forward me challenging you.”
“No. You were right. It’s been a strange year here in Philadelphia. I don’t know what I believe in anymore, what I am going to do, where I’ll go, anything, but my faith in God remains. I believe he will show me the way.”
“That’s good. I mean I don’t believe in anything really, maybe just that cliché of ‘energy’ people talk about, but I don’t plan to live like this forever, I mean the drugs and all and letting you ‘dopeboys’ run your shit out of here. But its all experience and if I plan to be a lawyer or a professor or social worker or whatever I need to know the reality of what I’ll be dealing with.” She trailed off.
“I have a question.” I said.
“Shoot.”
“Did Basir really tell you to fuck me?”
“He did, yeah, but I don’t know if he was serious. We’re never serious. We’ve never even established anything, it’s always been about having fun, we are young after all and won’t be forever. But I never planned to, to fuck you, that is, it just happened.”
“Does it happen a lot?”
“Should I be offended? Oh well I have to remember you are a ‘God’ guy. No it doesn’t happen a lot. Did it once? Yes. Not so much anymore. I guess I’m attracted to you because you’re special.”
“Like a euphemism? For being retarded?”
“Maybe.” She laughed. “No offense but you are different, ‘touched’, an old soul, both innocent and child-like weary and worldly all at once. You write don’t you?”
“Yeah I journal.”
“That’s what it is. You know if anything exists out there that comes close to tapping into the divine, the creator, its art, good driven painful art, not the copycat pretentious kind. The type where the artist HAS to create, they have no choice, create or self-destruct (sometimes both). You should let me read something.”
“I will.”











I’m sorry Julia. That was wrong. Sometimes a nigga gets carried away with himself. 
But I did mean what I said. I’m real, too real, too real for the field. That’s my tragic flaw.
Anyway, I respect your boundaries and whatnot, and our thing here means too much to me to fuck it up. I want to get back to this work we are doing. Joe could be helping me but he’s caught up in his case. He got booked yesterday, he was locked up eighteen hours, I could do that in flash, a handstand, but its new to him, he said it almost caused him to lose his faith in God, Jesus, and that scared me ‘cause I never met someone so faithful before, so kind and calm and all that good stuff, strong even able to do so much work school girlfriend church family sponsor ten guys, I mean it even made me think this Jesus thing got it goin’ on, so for this guy to lose his faith it scares me and I don’t scare easy.












A week passed. Basir and Omar didn’t return. No calls. Nothing.
I can’t say I was unhappy. Me and Laura kept fucking. We slept in the same bed. I didn’t want it to end.
I wanted her all to myself and I didn’t care what had happened to Basir and Omar whether they’d been murked, pinched or found their God again and didn’t want to come back here.
But a problem came up.
I’d run out of product.
Laura and I were smoking a lot and snorting ‘ya’ and eating ‘ills’ too.
I had to play a game with my customers, tell ‘em I’d have the shit in a half hour then when they called back tell ‘em another half hour and so on all so they would be less likely to find another supplier. It was what Basir had taught me, but eventually they’d move on no matter what if I didn’t come up with somethin’.
Laura came up with a fix.
Her ex. He was big. He’d deal with me ‘cause he was greedy, but he’d try to take advantage because we were desperate and I had his girl now.
I told her I’d deal with him. 
She called him.
He was on his way over later that night.




I get where you’re comin’ from with all this about my parents, Loletta, Joe and god, how they are all connected and understanding how they are could unlock this mental prison I was in long before I came here.
But we can’t underestimate the power of this actual prison.
It took me away from Loletta, kept me from figuring out why she stopped being with me, prevented me from trying to work it out with her. If Joe goes away, which he might, then both of us will be clinked up and he will be in no position to be in my life in any real way.
And then there’s you, if I wasn’t in here we could actually get to know each other, and I ain’t tryin’ to violate them boundaries and all, I’m talkin’ strictly platonic, all this letter writing ain’t nothin’ compared to listening, hearing a unique human voice, sitting relaxing, noticing a subtle smile, talking about the tiniest detail of the day, choosing what to eat, sharing the meal, the way you do these things showing me who you really are, who no one else has been or ever will be.










I couldn’t sit still. I paced like a caged lion. Laura went upstairs. I started picturin’ boy, would he dress like Basir? Tattoos, heavy chain, $150 sneakers? Would he be strapped? I wondered if I could take his gun away like I did to that boy who tried to rob us.
Laura came back downstairs.
She had on only a long white T-shirt, panties underneath, no bra.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“What?”
“Don’t play dumb.”
“Oh this, he may not even show up, if he does, its not like he hasn’t seen it all before. Come here, you’re too tense.”
I went and sat down.
She straddled me and started undoing my belt.
“Relax.”










Joe’s prelim’ been postponed two months. His lawyer gonna get him probation, no time to serve, so he says.
I’ve started thinkin’ ‘bout work release or halfway house, if they’ll let me.
The whole thing’s scary to me.
It took a lot to admit that to you.
I really want to get out so I can track down Loletta, figure her deal.
I wonder if she stopped communicating basically because I was in this lifestyle and when I wrote saying I’d changed she didn’t believe me or maybe on the flipside maybe she did  
believe me but wants to stay bein’ a hustler’s girlfriend. No way to tell.
But I’m a find out, no way she gonna just curb me like that without no explanation, I’m a get her to tell me and if her new man got words…we’ll have words.
Can’t be weak in this world, nope, won’t get you nowheres.











She pulled my cock out through the opening in my boxers, it jerked upward like tweaking a taut clothesline, rubbery a ball, it was like these pleasures had become routine to her as straightforward as a housewife hanging damp clothes up or a child or a dog instinctively grabbing at a toy or a ball rolling towards them.
To me it wasn’t, I was startled as I entered her mouth the wide wetness of her tongue curling under my head almost wrapping it, slithering, delicious, sweat mixed with saliva, inconsistent some slick and slippery, some sticky, honey molecules bonding, sugar beckoning, come live, give life then lay in the mud of this only earth.
Her head bobbed up and down slowly, precisely, my thing held at its bottom by her hand, firm not moving, but not too tight, like that gun my father first had me hold, hold it like water as firmly as you can hold such a power blasting out canyons infiltrating pinprick holes everywhere forever.
She held it strong but not overly so and her rhythm was specific as if she saw two invisible points on the shaft; to go forward then back up down same each time each time then out it bounced of her mouth and she stroked it spit on it smiling and then back in her mouth rhythm same but different forward back up down around swirling forward up back down swirling around back forward down up swirling sweeping wrapping around down down up down up!-
She gulping my mind vacated a feeling as sweet as the housewife snapping a bedsheet on a bed in the cleanest brightest lit spring glorious bedroom windows wide open facing the west in the house her and her husband had always and will forever own.


I don’t know what made me think of it, maybe it was all this talk of my past, Loletta my parents, but I’m not all tryin’ to understand it, get past it, set free my imprisoned inner child, any of that.
I’m just remembering it because it is me and I have no choice but to write it down.



















When we were done I fell asleep and had dark near fever dreams the kind where some quest or task has to be done yet cannot be done but still you try.
In one God sat with me on the smoothest whitest pebbles by a murmuring soothing stream, he was black with Cali’s strong confidently boned face but had the brightest whitest beard and robes so white almost pink heaven’s ultraviolet glory and he said  “I have given you wisdom beyond your years,” and I tried to talk but only a garbled babble of tongues came out and then I came out of the dozing milky haze of sleep twisting my sheet around me softly burning my face against the couch’s fabric.
 














The toilet in our cell overflowed, steaming and stinking, and my new celly smuggled in a yellow vanilla Christmas tree air freshener, the kind you dangle from your car’s rearview mirror putting out an invisibly powdery chemical scent, like radioactive cookies.
That scent sent be backwards into the past.
Winter of 2002, a drought descended on Delaware County. There was no weed of any kind to be found anywhere and me and Loletta’s pockets were hurtin’.
In my young buck days we had scored pounds of schwag from Jamaicans in West Philly, we made up the fattest dime bags and flooded the suburbs, we were only getting $500 back from each pound but that was plenty for us in those days. Since then we’d graduated up to selling mid-grade kind bud the kind that was a couple of g’s for a pound but sold for $40 an eighth and $200 an ounce and we also pitched coke mushrooms ecstasy and percocets. But weed was our staple and when it dried up our whole operation was threatened ‘cause someone else had weed and the other shit and our customers were getting lured away to buy weed and being sold the other shit at the same time for prices we couldn’t compete with without selling barely above cost. Our competitors were tryin’ to drive us out of business by selling the other drugs at cost waiting to have a monopoly and then jack up the prices.
We had to ride out.
When we got into the car that day to go visit my old Jamaican connect a yellow vanilla air freshener hung from the mirror. 


 
When I woke up a guy sat on the distant edge of the couch, he had dense black spiky hair, he wore a collar shirt, sleeves rolled up, top two buttons unbuttoned the vague geometry of elaborate tattoo art peeking out from under his shirt and sleeves.
“What’s up, guys.” He said.
Laura sat up, our shared sheet falling off her, “Hey Brad.” She said.
“Hey Babe.” He said.
I suddenly wished I had a gun.
He was at least twice as thick as me, steroids maybe?
I stood up in my boxers and undershirt and went over to shake his hand. He looked up at me smirking, his grasp started off weak maybe he thought I was trying do that black soulclap handclasp thing, then his grip became firm so I held on tighter then we both let go.
“You want to get down to business.” He stated.











That day at the Jamaican spot I had Lol’ park on a side street, it was less conspicuous than the wide-open bustle of the main drag.
I got out and went to find my dude Sean.
I didn’t trust any of the other heads.
But there was a problem from the door.
They operated on a first come first serve basis, so that whoever holla’d at the customer first got the sale, it was like they worked on commission or some shit.
The first dude I saw wasn’t Sean.
Problem.














Laura went upstairs to get dressed.
I stayed in my boxers and undershirt sitting across from Brad.
He started throwing out prices for weight that were astronomical.
He knew I was desperate.
But I wouldn’t budge, I knew how much Basir had been paying for weed and coke and I wasn’t about to pay half again as much.
I said, “ if you want to say take or leave it, I’ll leave it, ‘cause you need me too. From what I hear you too busy at your co-op to do petty hand to hands everyday and your frat boys are too fucked up all the time to handle it. I can always go down the city start off buying small, build trust and move up to where they’ll sell me weight.”
We finally agreed to a price for an ounce of coke, $1300, that was 25% more than what Basir got it for and pretty much the same price for the weed and the pills.
Brad said he’d come back later tomorrow with the shit.
Laura never came back downstairs.
Brad didn’t seem to care.
I was relieved.







“What you need?” Dude yelled at me.
“I’m a holla at Sean.” I said.
An American black chick yelled from behind the dude.
“He said ‘what you need’” Thinkin’ I may not have understood the patois.
So I repeated myself, “I’m a speak to Sean.”
The Jamaican said, “go speak to him then boy.” Mocking my accent.
I seen Sean, he looked nervous but trying not to show it. I whispered to him we needed two pounds. He said.
“Go around block. I meet you at the corner.”
I walked back to the car as slow as a person walking fast could.
I hopped in and told Lo’ the deal.
We cruised around the block, seen Sean; he got in and took the shit out from his coat. 
I gave him the sixteen hundred bucks.
Then BLAO. Shattering glass, deafening echo, Sean yelling the softest yell for someone just been shot ever. 

 



 


 Later, Laura seemed distant. We fucked again, but I was totally in that room. I didn’t drift off dream-like like before. I mean it was good, for her too, I had heard Basir talk about ‘beating it up’ like fucking was like brawling, more controlled more precise but just as forceful, even violent.
So that’s what I did. I beat it up. I put it on her. She held on heaving, I fucked her as fast and as hard as I could trying to keep the same rhythm hit the same spots, and it was working, her body got hotter and hotter to the touch, her moans shorter, more desperate, like dying fighting for air and as I paid attention to these details of the flesh, the logistics of lust, I tried to lose myself, find that place I’d found before, but all I could see was dust falling in the endless stream of sunlight in the window the pile of clothes messy in the corner I smelled the stench of bong water baby powder and brown old wood, the once stately house here.
I was here, only here and I felt such a grand disappointment, like not having weed when you want it and it was only made worse when I rolled off Laura and she said nothing, got up, went upstairs got dressed and came back down and out the door, presumably to go to class.
I needed church, a pastor.



Sean was moaning, our left back window shot out, we were drifting down the street on the right side where cars should’ve been parked. I looked and realized our shooters were gone, they had drove by, but up ahead it looked like they had stopped at the stop sign and were looking back to see if they’d caught us, I saw them start to reverse, I was about to tell Lo’ to put it in reverse too, but I turned and she had my nine pointed at Sean in the backseat. “Get the fuck out!” She screamed and proceeded to shoot out our rear window just above Sean's head. He scrambled to get out, the jerking attempt to open the door and exit the car obviously painful to him but he got the door open and practically fell out of the ride. He didn’t close the door I saw him limping off in the direction of a murky alley.
Lo’ already had the car in reverse, but our open back passenger door was about to get knocked off by a parked car so I straddled my seat stretched and managed to grab the armrest with the nails of fingertips and swing it weakly closed.
Lo’ backed out into the main drag, we got rear ended lightly by someone who had seen us but not stopped in time up ahead the shooters had stopped at the alley exited their whip guns like snakeheads growing from their arms jogging casually into the alley.
They hadn’t wanted us or our weed or our money they probably even wanted us to come back and buy more weight from them, it was all some dumb respect thing, one salesman taking another’s sale, honor among thieves, rules to their chaos, Sean was prob’ly dead but we had our shit and were gone.
Lo’ had read the whole scene, saved us, ‘cause we may not have been the targets but we could’ve gotten caught in the crossfire.
Down-ass bitch.

I called a taxi and waited smoking for him to roll up. When he did I slid in and told him to drive west out of the city. He hesitated, sizing me up through his rearview, stopping to focus on my white cap perched lazily on my head and my stylishly thin beard. I pulled out my knot, flashing it at him and he started to drive.
“You got any destination in particular?” He stressed the last word wrong it seemed unfamiliar to him.
“I’m lookin’ for a church.”
“You got one on every corner here.”
“Nah, I want one in the suburbs.”
“A white one.”
“Yeah.”
We rode on in silence seeing some of the same scenes I watched from the back of the FBI SUV, the neighborhood changing as we passed through, less trash, better groomed lawns, houses with fresher paint jobs.
We stopped at a major intersection. The cabby asked, 
“Do you want to head north to the ritzy part or south into Delaware County?”








You ask me why I told you that story. I think you ask too many questions.
I don’t trust you. I mean don’t get me wrong, I appreciate your time, shit, you like the only one I got.
Spons’ caught up. My young boy Louis upstate and the boys who go to the few meetings they throw us in here ain’t about nothin’. I’d prob’ly go bug without you.
But irregardless I don’t really know you, you ain’t been in any situations like Lo’ been with me, I wonder why you even rock with me, you wouldn’t socialize with me out there. We don’t share the same interests. I don’t belong in your world. I like Newports and chicken wings drenched in Louisiana hot sauce. I like tinted whips with five thousand dollar rims, systems that knock and music where the boy rhymin’ can ride the beat and punch a line – “I don’t play golf I swing irons man, pistol whip you she’s mine again.”











Riding in the cab I saw a royal blue sign on a lawn up ahead. Next to it was a modest church, still almost castle-like medieval. I had the driver pull up next to the sign. It said “Fernwood United Methodist. Services Sun. 8:30 and 10:30”. The neighborhood was clean, houses small, not that different from the ones in the city, but the oak trees burst up from under the pavement all along the street, ancient, majestic.
The whole scene made me feel happy.
It reminded me of home.
I wrote the two street names down and told the cabby to take me back to the city.
Back at Laura’s off campus college house I found Brad waiting for me, a duffel bag flopped casually by his side. He had his feet up on the table and was watching a bloody caged street-fighting match. He nodded at me, barely.
I sat down and said.
“I only want the pot.”
“Well it’s kind of too late. I brought the onion of ‘ya’ and three hundred percs.”
“I don’t want them.”
“You don’t seem to understand. I put up the money for them. You have to buy them.”
“I don’t have to do anything.”
“We can play this one of two ways. You can be a gentleman and explain to me what the problem is, or this situation can escalate.”
“I don’t want the harder stuff.”
“Why? Don’t you have the money? We can work something out.”:
“I got the bread. I just- You know what? I ain’t gotta explain myself to you.”
“All right, homie, I’m going to hang loose here for a bit, wait for Laura to come back, maybe she can calm you down. Take a breather, relax and think this over.”
“I ain’t got shit to think over. Pot’s one thing, but I’m not having that other shit around me no more.”
“If I end up leaving here still holding the bag, so to speak, you are going to be in a world of pain. Sometime, maybe in a couple of days, maybe a couple of weeks, a bunch of big motherfuckers like me are going to be standing over you as you sleep. When you wake up? No telling what might transpire.”















Sorry I haven’t written. Thanks for your letters the books and all.
I found out a couple of days after my last letter to you that I’d be going home on time, my lawyer said my deal with Ant stands.
So it’s only about six weeks now. I spent the last six weeks kind of relaxin’, didn’t feel much like any deep, profound stuff.
 I spent most of my bit here like tryin’ to get out of myself like a lot of drama and thinking and talkin’ to you and all just a really elaborate way to pass time, forget I’m in a cage.
But recently I got to a point where all this talkin’ and theorizin’ and whatnot actually had the opposite of the intended effect, I found myself awake at night tryin’ to figure out where I went wrong what I had to do to fix everything and then I’d look around and see the walls and the trifling ass other inmates and think it’d be best to just sleep twelve hours a day lift weights throw spades and let the time pass.
And it’s been working so far.
The days all blur together.
But I remembered you and how much time and energy you put into me and how you really didn’t have to and I thought how could it hurt to send her a kite?
It’s not like I gotta go back to doing all the psyche stuff again, writing about my parents, I was a pretty good writer though wasn’t I? Those pages about my ‘rents were hot.
Anyway, oh yeah, one more thing, one of my boys came up to visit, he told me Lo’s runnin’ with my young boy Mark, well he ain’t my boy no more, and Mark’s all into hustlin’, so it turns out I was right she didn’t want to give up the life when I did so that’s that, could have told me though, but fuck it, that’s dead and gone and when I get out I can start over having moved on.
Maybe when I get out we can get a cup of Starbucks, talk politics, Obama ’08 baby!




















Laura came in the front door.
I had stood up, blocking the TV.
Brad still sat legs up, casual.
I found myself not knowing what to do with my arms.
I folded them and leaned back on one leg, then realizing I might appear ‘fierce’ I let them drop to my sides.
Laura stopped, looked at us, said,
“What’s going on?”
“Your boyfriend doesn’t want to hold up his end of the bargain.” Brad said.
Laura narrowed her eyes at me.
“What?” I said. “You ain’t even gonna hear my side?”
“I didn’t say anything Jay.”
“You’re looking at me.”
“Looking at you how? I come home and looks like WW111 about to go off in my living room, so I just wanna know, what’s up?”
Brad said, “he doesn’t…” I cut him off.
“I ain’t coppin’ the coke or the percs, I’ve been thinkin’ and I don’t like…” Brad cut me off.
“We had a deal so either I get paid or there’s going to be trouble.”
He went on. “I don’t trust this whole situation, so I’m not walking out the door with these packages. I’ll leave them here and I’ll check back later. When I do somebody better have my cash.”
“How much?” She asked.
“ Four g’s.”
“Here’s two for the trees.”
I threw a rubber-banded up knot of twenties at him. It hit him in the chest and slid down into his lap, but he wasn’t fazed by it, he twisted open the knot and began counting it. 
When he was done he said, “ two g’s more for the coke and the percs.”
“I’ll pay for them.” Laura said.
“What? No you won’t.” I said.
“You. Shut up. This is my house. I’ll have to get  to the bank before it closes. I’m not leaving you two alone here. Jay, come on. Let’s go. Brad, if you want to wait here fine. Otherwise stop back anytime and you’ll get your money.”
Laura started to walk out. When I didn’t follow she turned and said. “Let’s go.”
I followed her out.











Julia, I know this letter is out of nowhere, but I’m fucked up, you won’t believe it, I’m being sent over to CFCF, some old ass possession warrant from like three years ago when I got popped selling E-bombs at a club, they only got me with one stinking pill, the rest I swallowed, man was I rolling in that holding cell, but I skipped out on my court date when I posted bail the next day and then I never heard anything about it again.
Well Philly and Delco ain’t always through sharing info but I talked to my lawyer and he said he heard Ant’s people are connected like a cousin is a state rep and an uncle a judge and he says they holdin’ me up while they try to find a hole in the deal I made with Ant. They tryin’ to break it, send me upstate with Louis for a nickel at least.
Well anyway I’m not writing for your moral support, I’m good, still clean, holdin’ my chin up. It’s just my lawyer he said he also heard that you might have a say in the whole thing since you was the one running the reconciliation. So I’m askin’ you if you might look out for me, if they ask tell ‘em I cooperated and that you and me started working on some things and that you think when I get out I’ll be an asset to society, not a liability like before.








The bank was only a block away, but inexplicably Laura drove past it.
I didn’t ask. She didn’t speak.
I felt suddenly bored, like I wanted to both sell and snort the coke Brad had back at the house, but it was too late to turn around now, it would make me look really stupid and besides I liked fucking with Brad.
I guessed we were heading to a different bank one just outside the city.
Finally, Laura said “What’s up?”
“Chillin’.” I said.
“Can you stop with the Ebonics for one second? I meant what’s your deal? Why all the drama back there?”
“I called a cab earlier and had the guy just drive west out of the city. Once in the suburbs I saw a church and I had him stop and I got out and found out when the service was. This Sunday I’m going.”
“So you pick the day of a four thousand dollar drug deal to get religion.”
“I didn’t pick anything, it just happened, maybe it was because of the deal going down today. I just don’t want no parts of percs and coke anymore. I mean you remember the first time we slept together?”
“Yeah, it was only a couple of weeks ago.”
“Well I was so high I couldn’t like enjoy it normally, I mean it was my first time, and I kept getting these vibes from you and I was trying to understand your spirit and it was all negative and then you went down on me and it was the same thing with the crazy vibes, the energy, but it was different not negative, like I saw, sensed that part of you understands that sex is about life, like having a family, creation, God…”
“Where is this going?”
“I want you to come to church with me. I want to stop getting high, maybe some weed still, but the other shit no, and I don’t want to sleep with you…”
“ Jay, that’s fine. We aren’t together like that anyway. I thought you knew that. It’s like it was with Basir, it’s fun, we’re young. I mean you are free to do what you want, go to church, clean up your act, stay, go. I know I’m in control of my drugs. I’ll buy the coke and the percs and sell a little and throw a party with the rest. You can help or not.”
We arrived at the shopping center where the bank was.
I felt my insides trying to escape out from under me.














Julia, I don’t know if you got my last letter, you ain’t wrote back. I know we had boundaries and all that but I wish I had your digits right about now, ‘cause I’m fucked up, I wanna murder somebody.
 First off, I’ve no idea when I’m getting sprung, if at all. They ain’t sent me over to CFCF yet, but I was ‘posed to be released a week ago, in a week it’ll be two years and a day I been here and they can’t hold you in county for longer than that they gotta spring you or send you upstate. My lawyer ain’t answerin’ my calls and last time we talked he said it didn’t look good, but then he had to bounce off the phone, all he could say was it was something to do with the reconciliation, and YOU, how they may have asked you your opinion about whether I should be, am ready to be, released and if you said no they may have nixed the deal. But that don’t make no sense, ‘cause I know you wouldn’t do that, I know you got me, I mean why would you put in all this time with me just to help send me upstate?
But if that ain’t enough I hear from my boy on the outside that Lo’ stopped runnin’ with that drug dealer who used be my boy.
She got clean. So I’m like good. That’s what’s up. I’m happy for her and maybe we can rap about us someday when she ready.
But then like sensing my hope my boy squashed all that by saying she got a new man, some boy in the program and I ask him how he know and he says his boy is stipulated by the courts to go to meetings and he seen her and this goofy dude holdin’ hands and all that sweet shit. So I ask him what meeting it was at ‘cause Joe talks about some meetings and I like sort of wanted to know where they are at for when I get out, if they close to my crib and all, and it turns out the meeting Lo’ and dude was at is Joe’s home group, the meeting he hits up consistently like every week, every time they have it, without fail.
So I ain’t holla at Joe yet, but I talked to him last week and he ain’t say shit about it. Now he may be on anonymity tip shit but I’m a get him to tell me what he knows.
Oh shit, I almost forgot, he knows Lo’, she used to cut his hair.


















On the way back from the bank Laura turned up the stereo and sang along to the taunting yet vulnerable falsetto of the post pop punk song that was playing on the station.
I closed my eyes and thought of that church and the oak lined street it was on.
A yearning to smoke pot and a homesickness mingled vaguely in my gut.
At least it was obvious which need could be met soonest and easiest.
When we got back and went inside Brad was gone, the bag of drugs still on the floor by the couch. Laura took out her phone hit a few buttons put it to her ear and stomped upstairs.
I got the bag of pot out and went down to the basement.
I laid out the pot, my digital scale the sandwich bags and my rolling papers on the upside down plastic bin I used.












I called Joe yesterday. He answered.
“John, my man, how are you?”
“Maintaining.”
“I was waiting for you to call. I have something I have to talk to you about.”
“Loletta.”
“Yeah, I um don’t know how to tell you this. So I guess I just have to tell you…”
“You seen her with her new man.”
“John, I am her new man.”















I sat in the basement for a long time, I don’t know how long.
 I watched the passing of the afternoon into evening the lengthening shadows cast by the bowing sun that shone through the window above me that was cut out of pure rock.
I had no energy for the task at hand, no energy for anything. I was exhausted though I’d slept ten hours the night before.
There was once a time back home when being around church people so often I’d learned to identify my feelings, label them, take them to others, then to God and then ultimately let them go, relaxing their static tense buzzing, like electromagnetic demons, casting them out into the wide wind whipped world leaving me with a warm almost empty sense of peace.
But like all skills unused I was out of practice and now I knew only appetite. 
I managed to roll a  joint and smoke it basking in the lavish apathy of the drug.
I dozed off but awoke as my body in its relaxation almost fell off the milk crate I sat on.
I heard music and the syncopated shuffle of minglers above me their footsteps first tentative then increasingly staccato as they established positions then sallied out from them first awkward then aggressive.
 




 

Julia,
I don’t know why I’m even fuckin’ writin’ you. My lawyer told me you sold me out. Told me you told ‘em I’m not ready to be released that I’m violent and unstable.
But I ain’t even mad at you, I want to and should be but I got too much…
I don’t know what the word is for Joe. I just got transferred to Philly. Been here a day, that’s a whole another story, been here a day niggers testing me, like tryin’ to take the shirt off my back, like literally. Boy was like “I like yo’ shirt, can I hold it?” Isn’t that an expression for a kind dude, he’ll give u the shirt off his back, well ain’t shit sweet here, nothin’ nice, I ended up rippin’ my shirt off like “you want it! Here it is!” and I tackled boy we whipped each other good, dirty fuckin’ nigger. 
Now, Joe, Joe he’s nigger too, a white nigger.
He was like “I understand if you don’t want me to sponsor you anymore.”
Fuck no I don’t want you to sponsor me no more, in fact fuck you and your whole happy horseshit pie in the sky religious brainwashin’ program. ‘Do the right thing for the right reason.’ Shit, drugs are all I got left I’d be getting on right now if I had a connection here.
Drugs don’t lie to you, they give you what you paid for, no promises no fake love.
They let you down sure, but you can see it comin’, they’re evil too but an honest evil.
Joe was like, “It just happened.” 
I say:
“Yeah, it was an accident, she tripped fell and landed on your dick.”
Fuck him and fuck you too.


Later I wandered upstairs looking for Laura. The party was in full swing, the revelers’ moods dancing on that unique drunken tightrope of glee, unbalanced, at any second threatening to fall into a pit of despair or rage.
Their reaction to me evidenced it.
Some as they staggered by me put out their fists to pound or hands to shake, I didn’t know which a few times, but I blew them off, left them hanging.
Others gazed at me, openly hostile, suspicious.
I said, “Where’s Laura?” 
One guy I recognized, I sold him coke all the time, said,
“Who are you?”
“Who am I? I fuckin’ live here motherfucker, matter fact I’m the dude who provides that shit you blast up your nose.”
I said pointing to bunch of lines I saw cut out on the kitchen counter.
“Chill, chill, I remember you now, ‘J’ right? I don’t know where Laura is.”
Then I saw the guy’s buddies grinning, giggling. 
Right then I knew what was up. I started toward the stairs that led up to the bedrooms.
“I wouldn’t go up there,” someone said laughing.






Lo’,
I don’t know if you’ll get this much less read it, but I gotta get this off my chest.
You should know what this dude Joe is about before you start messin’ with him.
What am I sayin’? You already with him.
You know what I mean. You should also know what this ‘program’ is about before you waste your time going to meetings every night and end up a bleating sheep, repeating cliches; ‘Easy does it,’ ‘If you don’t pick it up you can’t get high’ and they tell you sex is bad having a beer is evil and that a magical man in the sky is going to make everything all right and then fucked up shit happens and you are unprepared for it and you don’t get your shit squared and its all worse than it coulda been.
I mean Joe, c’mon he a little skinny weasel looking motherfucker. 
You gonna let that dude fuck you?
You can do better.
I mean even better than me, ‘specially since I’m probably goin’ upstate for a few years, but c’mon at least move on from me with a dude whose on my level, with looks and swagger and attitude, I mean the dude’s funny, all goofy, always makin’ stupid jokes and laughing at them all loud while everyone looks at him all quiet.
I don’t know what else to say.





As I climbed the stairs I realized that what I was about to see was going to hurt, hurt worse than the knowledge I already possessed, that I really should just walk away, not twist the proverbial knife in deeper, but it felt like times in previous weeks when I took pills or snorted coke knowing I’d feel like shit later or even not really that good immediately, the ‘high’ too anxious, or itchy or drowsy – medicine head – but I felt compelled, pulled forward, and when I resisted it was like I had hooks in my fingertips dragging me awkwardly yet efficiently forward and it was easier, less painful, initially to go ahead, to whatever end.
I walked in her bedroom and the first thing I saw was a condom still in its package on the bed.
A guy was sitting in her chair.
She was standing on the other side of the bed, picking up some clothing.
She saw me and rushed over to me blocking my avenue to the guy who had stood up.
“What were you about to do? Come on, be honest!” I yelled, I didn’t know who I was addressing. “Tell me what you were about to do.”
“Just go!” She said at first angry.
“No. I want to know what you were doing.”
Her tone changed.
“Please ‘J’, just go downstairs, I’ll be down in a second.”
She was still blocking me from the guy who stood smiling slightly, unafraid, but obviously unwilling to either admit guilt and force a fight between us or plead innocence and perhaps appear weak, his silence almost taunting me.
I went downstairs, euphoric that she was going to come talk to me be with me, maybe it was nothing, not what it seemed, she liked me I knew it.
The people downstairs cleared away for me.
I felt like an oldhead white-haired in the club, a person with a harelip waiting to see the dentist.
No one talked to me and I sat on a stool in the kitchen, I said to the guy from before.
“Give me some coke!” Just as he was trying to back out of the room, he acquiesced.
“You got some pills too?” I asked, this time friendly, he dropped some on the counter and I was disappointed as he mumbled about ‘a leak’ and left.
I snorted the coke ate the pills and waited.













Joe,
I’m not writing to threaten you, but as a man you should understand that when I get out of here, even if its in five years, I’m gonna ask you to throw me a fair one.
You had to know it might come to this. I mean we can do our thing shake hands then go our separate ways. But we will throw down. We will.
I know I could have called, but I’m writing because I’ll get to say my piece and not hear all your bullshit apologies and spiritual garbage. It means nothing to me.
You can rock on with all that. Do your thing I’ll do mine.
One last thing. You should be careful with Loletta. You ain’t her type. She’s probl’y just confused right now needin’ a shoulder to cry on, lean on. If you get your heart wrapped up with this broad, she’ll rip it right out of your chest, she seems nice, sweet but she a vicious broad. She got teeth, boy, watch yourself.











I stayed up doing coke, waiting for Laura to come downstairs. She never did.
Eventually, the party dwindled and those remaining seemed to forget my earlier outburst and they staggered into the kitchen to partake in the drug.
I’d broke out the ounce Laura hadn’t hidden very well and I doled out lines to people depending on whether I liked them or not, this based on a pretty superficial set of criteria and as the night wore on I found myself liking those who I’d spurned earlier and growing weary of those who’d been there from the beginning.
The conversation wandered, its pace and tone lifted by the invisible silvery fog of intoxication, interrupted by people gagging, stumbling off to vomit, requests for the razor to chop up the shit finer or a new bill, the old one stained pinkish with nose blood.
I heard stupid sex jokes, rumors concerning sports figures, which I knew little about, stories about fighting, obviously aggrandized.
The couple of females who stood there were the most vulgar, bragging about fivesomes and ten inch cocks and the most brutal, cackling as they recalled ‘faggots’ getting their heads kicked in till blood poured from their ears by gangs of drunk frat boys.
I mocked/congratulated everyone, half the time I didn’t even know which, but I myself contributed little, other than to use the pile of coke I had in front of me half-jokingly as a reward/penalty.
“Too much for you.” “A big gagger for the champion cock sucker!” “I can’t reward you after a story like that.” “There’ll be none of that talk at my table.” “I’m kidding rip this up.”
As the coke disappeared, the women slithered off with whoever they’d decided to fuck, and our highs began to crash. We started to smoke weed to ease our comedown and naturally the talk got falsely mystical and pointlessly philosophical.
“We are just a big ant farm for aliens.” “There’s no such thing as aliens we are the bacteria infecting a cell, this planet, that is part of a giant living creature.” “Jesus was a good dude, like cool hippy dude.” “What’s that even mean? He was executed like a common criminal. If he had been God or God’s son don’t you think he could have gotten himself out of that predicament, being nailed to a tree?” “Christians suck, they’re holy hypocrites.”
At the mention of Jesus I bristled, my slowing heart speeding up again and as the conversation got increasingly inane I got more and more angry. I exploded.
“None of you have any idea what you are talking about! If I came to you tomorrow and wanted to talk about any of this you’d look at me like I was crazy and brush me off, mumbling to yourself, ‘he’s weird’. You party all the time on your parents’ tab, memorize some Nietzsche and think you know something. You’ve never been through anything where you’d understand anything about life, much less God, you live lives of supreme comfort yet are miserable when you’re not partying. I’ve right mind to give you somethin’ to holla ‘Jesus!’ about! Let me get my gun.”
“No, no, buddy chill out, you’re right, we were just shootin’ the shit, didn’t know we offended you, we’ll leave right now, but just one more thing…
You got any more coke for the road?”


Julia, I’m upstate. Got two years. Had my boy on the outside sell my cars to pay my lawyer. Good thing, he got me the best deal I could get. I copped to the aggravated but they dropped the attempted.
I only been here a week, but its way different than county. It ain’t no thing, I can handle myself. It’s just, I ain’t gonna lie I gotta really keep on my toes, everybody has to here and everybody does. 
I mean its like everyone is watching everyone and every move you make every word you speak is carefully planned out, measured, I mean down to the way they walk, they don’t really stroll or fake limp all cocky, its like they in the military, they march, I mean you don’t see outright blatant foolishness, here, like the whacked, drugged out, bugged out motherfuckers in the county. I mean here its downright quiet compared to before, don’t get me wrong its still noisy, when all you can do is talk, you talk, but the whole place the very air is charged with tension, not paranoia, that’s too out of control of a word, the place is a battlefield before the battle, like permanently soldiers waiting to strike, soldiers waiting to let loose with controlled violence, regimented rage, but never having to, well maybe not.







Soon everyone either left or passed out.
The coke ran out. I realized Laura had split up the ounce, hiding the other half, knowing we’d have done it all, down to the last sparkling grain.
I sat in the kitchen.
I felt stuck there.
 When I finished smoking my nth blunt I realized I had nothing to do with myself.
Too wired too sleep, no company around, could only smoke so much weed, and she hadn’t come down yet.
She hadn’t come down.
She wasn’t coming down.
I had been patient the whole night, my fantasy picture of her coming downstairs and hugging me, kissing me messily on the mouth, telling me the guy was only a friend, this fantasy fusing with the euphoria of my high, each jolt of coke I rammed into me, it fading in minutes, doubt creeping in, slithering despair, then BOOM hope restored, the white furry light of the coke needled up my nose knocking my nervous system dizzily around, but good like a child intentionally spinning himself around trying to reach some higher state of hysteria/ecstasy?






I saw Louis today, I almost didn’t recognize boy, he had a huge beard, the biggest puffiest thing I’d ever seen making him seem many years older. When he saw me he like started to smile but then almost held himself back, instead pushing his chin up toward me in respectful greeting.
He was in the presence of two of the most serious boys I’d seen so far up in here, the points on their cuts immaculate, hair glistening with the wax they put in it, the sharp geometry on their heads weird above the long beards they rocked.
Angels come to nestle in their beards, the longer the beards the more angels, like Samson’s strength found in his hair, Rastas refusing to wash their dreadlocks and claiming they gained power from it, when I got here I paid to borrow some clippers and I shaved my head bald, easy enough, little maintenance involved, like a fresh start.
My celly, who I’d barely talked to so far said “What’s up, ‘skin’?” when he saw it, I laughed a little out of polite fear, and then as he got out of his bunk, his shirt off, I saw it, a huge swastika tattooed on his chest.









I dozed half asleep on the couch the stench of beer, stale cigarettes and sex polluting my dreams. Mischievous half malevolent childish characters frolicked through the field of my subconscious each representing one of these scents; disheveled drunk dwarves, faeries holding cigars in mid-air, and sweaty sprites exposing their orifices dank and hairy, mushrooms sprouting from their nether regions.
“Jay. Jay? Jay!”
I blinked awake. Laura stood over me. She was fresh dressed professionally like she always did for class. She seemed unfazed by the wreckage of the party spread far and wide throughout her house.
“Get up Jay, we have to talk before I start cleaning up.”
“Well hey and good morning to you too.” I said.
“Spare me your sarcasm.”
I sat up and lit a half smoked blunt, ashy and sticky that had been sitting on the table.
“Do you have to be high all the time?”
“Well considering the circumstances.”
“What circumstances?”
“You know you cheating on me, then running away. I went upstairs and you were gone. You and dude did some Mission Impossible shit down the fire escape.”
“First off, its not cheating if your not together, and we had to sneak away because of you, you would have taken your jealousy out on Damon and its not his fault. You are so much like Basir it’s not funny. I thought you were different.”
“Why didn’t you just tell me the truth? That you used me for sex and now you have moved on.”
“Would you have listened? I did tell you we were just having fun. But I saw it in your eyes, you ignored me when I said that, your eyes glazed over with some fantasy of us getting holy together, being together but not having sex. Its crazy your religion is so deep in you but now its mixed up with drugs and thug posturing which makes it all the more crazy…”
“What does this mean for us?”
“See, that’s exactly what I’m saying, you’re not listening, Jay its been fun, its been real, but you have to get your shit together, go to NA, AA, or something, go back west, but I can’t do this you don’t have to leave right away, but you should sell your weed and save the money and find somewhere else to live.”
“Don’t do this to me, babe, please.”
“Jay, you’re an awesome person underneath all this, I mean look at everything you’ve been through, but you are obviously unhappy like this, and I can’t make you happy.”
“You could, you can…”
“This might hurt to hear, but I don’t want to.”
“Tell me what to do I’ll do it.”
“Get better, not for me though, get better for yourself.”
“Please…” I was crying.
She sighed. “Looks like I’m going to have to stay elsewhere for the time being. I’m taking my shit, the coke and pills. I’m going to send someone over to clean this place up. Call me when you’ve found somewhere to go.”


I ran into Louis in the showers, we had only so much time to talk.
“A salaam alaikum.” He said.
“Peace up.” I said, hesitating.
“Look, I’m arranging to get you a Qu’ran. I got love for you and I know its hard when you first get here, it helped me so much…”
He was next up and he had to go, convo’ over…



 













The next couple of days I laid around smoking weed. I had the people who wanted shit come by the house. I didn’t think it was that risky to start handling my business that way after so long. I had always gone out to meet customers. I thought it would only be a few days this way. Then again I probably just didn’t care. The weed didn’t seem to make me feel good anymore, in fact it made my heart race, gave me near hallucinations. I pictured in graphic detail Laura getting fucked, her legs up in the air, mouth open in animal ecstasy, moaning, telling the man to fuck her harder, fuck her harder with his big fucking cock.
I shuddered and then started sobbing again.
Next day was Sunday.
I had to go to church.












Shit up here ain’t getting any better. County’s like summer camp looking back. I’m sitting in my cell tryin’ to read the Koran Louis sent me over, really only out of respect for the kid, I don’t want to lie to him if he asks me if I read it, but I’m having trouble concentrating. 
I got a black eye, some black boy snuck me comin’ out of the shower, think he did it just ‘cause he could, did it so quick, so precise that a guard just two seconds later walked up, he blocked me from going after the boy, I pointed at my face and the guard, he being black too, said he didn’t see it happen all he know I could have gotten poked by a dick in the showers.
Real funny. I been runnin’ cigarettes and pills for some of the black boys in here so I could get some myself, well the boys got me to drop the shit to people which is hard work, watchin’ for the guards, hiding shit in my ass crack and when it came time to get mine they acted like they ain’t know me, guess they found a new mule. I’m bent but I’ll get them somehow get them somehow, someway, its just they thick, they got a set bloodcrip 123 west side east hoes up g’s down bullshit nigger jive monkey screech and I’m alone.
So its hard figurin’ out how Allah and Mohammed in a little green covered book with a zipper on it to keep its pages getting dirty when you not reading it gonna help me.
Now it gets worse, my skinhead celly comin’ in, he gonna see the Koran and give me shit.



I called a cab the next morning. I was sucking hurriedly on a hastily rolled blunt as I heard the cab beep outside and then my cellphone buzzing around in my pocket, the blunt fuming furiously crackling. I couldn’t just waste it so I smoked it down to its tattering end and ran outside just as the cab was starting to pull off.
Laura’s friend had come over the day before to clean. Later she came over to where I was sprawled on the couch and without a word dropped two percocets she had apparently found on the floor in my hand.
I chewed up these pills as the cab roared through the sleeping Sunday morning city, the sweet rush of endorphins, my body’s opiates, beginning to cascade through me just as we entered the suburbs, the excitement of feeling so good offsetting any drowsy downing effect of the drug, overall an adrenalized calm if such a paradox is possible. We arrived at the church and  I swear I never felt so good in my life.











“What are you reading?” My celly asked me.
“The Koran. My boy is a Muslim and outta respect I told him I’d at least give it a glance…”
“You don’t have to explain yourself to me.”
“Ok, it’s just…”
“You think because I have a swastika on my chest I’m going to start saying all Muslims are terrorists, they are camel jockeys, sand nigger, dune coons…”
“Actually, yeah.”
“I’ve read the Koran. Their God, Allah, is just the Arabic word for God. It’s the same God of the Bible. But just like Jews Muslims fail to acknowledge two important facts, these facts so important so, I don’t know, true, that when unacknowledged it renders the revelations of their prophets, though originating in the same God, irrelevant.”
“What facts?”
“I thought you’d never ask. That Jesus Christ is our Lord and Savior and the European race, Caucasians, White people, having been the only race to embrace this truth wholesale, Jesus rejected by the people he chose to take human form among, are God’s chosen people, America is the Promised Land, White people the new Jews.”






As I entered the church I had to brush off people trying to greet me even though I was feeling really good, cracks were beginning to appear in the porcelain, the sweet flaky glaze of my high, darkness pouring through the punctures, black seeping through.
I was coming down and in no mood for pleasantries.
I said ‘hi’ and hurried to a pew.
The service began and I could feel certain eyes on me. When I turned to meet the gazes I saw looks of curiosity, maybe even concern, rather than judgment, but my nervous system was getting rawer by the second, my euphoria splintering and even normal curiosity raised my ire. ‘What the fuck are you lookin’ at’ I mumbled.
We stood and sang, sat and listened, stood again. The Pastor was round-faced and bearded, teddy bear or Santa Claus, he had to raise his high soft voice to project it across the room and his tone seemed to say ‘you are all right you are good people but there are things we need to work on’ his optimist’s tenor sharpened ever so slightly by an edge of worried rebuke.
But I couldn’t really focus on the content of his sermon. I was crashing and all I could think of was Laura, where she was, in whose sheets she was tangled.
I’d thought coming here would help.
It hadn’t.





Julia, things here are great!
Not really.
I went to the black boys who run pills and smokes today and I told ‘em I wanted my shit for the runs I made for them. 
They just looked at me and shook their heads.
So I repeated myself, getting hyped up.
They smiled a little.
They knew I was bluffing, there was bunch of them sitting together some doing 10-15 years for slinging crack and powder and they knew that I knew that if I took a crack at ‘em I’d catch a little beatdown or a major one later or worse.
I was about to tag one in the jaw, but it would have looked bad for me, getting’ tackled by them then the guards and it would accomplish nothin’
Maybe I’d try one of them later.
I walked away and they went back to talkin’ whatever nigger bullshit niggers talk not even fazed or bothered or even mad at my interruption.








Sitting in church I tried to tell myself the way I was feeling, a feeling like my soul was sinking, ready to flee my body in a painful exhilarating rush, only being held onto barely, the result of the struggle a nauseating warmth rising up my torso, like tendrils of the flu had infiltrated me, a peculiar mix of shame guilt homesickness and the drug comedown, that it was all just a result of exposure to a place I had been taught was holy, to people I had been led to believe were righteous.
But it was just another place, no different from a living room next door where a family had gathered after breakfast to relax in the sun of a Sunday afternoon.
Was the love here more blessed, the fellowship there less sanctified?
I wanted to leave, but something in my core told me to not disrespect the service.
I would slip away the next time we stood to sing, which the pastor actually asked people who needed to leave to do.
We didn’t stand up for the rest of the service.
 









My celly went by the name ‘Bull’ which was funny ‘cause when niggers say ‘boy’ sometimes it comes out like ‘bull’.
I only found out this was his name from hearing other convicts say it. He never introduced himself. 
It was a good name for him, he had this heavy, thick face both round and sharp, he looked like he could shatter your chest or your face if he head butted you, and he had this wide upturned nose, with huge nostrils that pushed out air forcefully.
It wouldn’t have surprised me if he had had his septum pierced once.
Bull asked me what was wrong when I came back from tryin’ to get my shit from the blacks. He said. “You want to get high.”
“Nah, I want my respect.”
“I’ve seen too many like you.”
“I did a job I want my pay.”
“If you go tell the Muslims you want to be down with Allah, they’ll get your shit for you.”
“But I don’t want to be down with Allah.”
“I bet that’s the problem, the blacks don’t want me and my brothers fuckin’ up their business by stealing your merchandise, you are an unclaimed human resource around here, if you got with one of the cliques you’d be protected and then you could do business. Niggers aren’t as stupid as they look. They didn’t beat you just to burn you. They were worried you’d get robbed and then their custies would lose confidence in them and look elsewhere to score.”
“So it ain’t even personal”
“Not a bit. But just so you know. If you do drugs in this cell, or bring ‘em in here and they aren’t me and my brothers brand I will hurt you and I’m doing a long bit so adding a few more years on to it for fucking you up isn’t a thing to me. Understood?”



















The service over, the congregants began to file out or mingle or do both in a sort of choreographed leave-taking, brisk happy chatter murmuring through the room almost a relief that the solemn ritual had been performed and now simple contented life could continue its course.
I had no patience for this post-ritual ritual and wanted to get home to my weed and my silence where I would weep and wail alone, these people’s happiness an offense to me, they seemed pathetic and deluded, foolish to be so blithe and carefree as the cadence of the carnal carried on (its coda our corpses).
I made my way through the pockets of people, obstacles of pews, perhaps impolitely pressing against them as I passed. 
But just at the entrance was the stand where a sign-in book stood and the Pastor waited there greeting and thanking each and all.
He saw me, extending his hand.
“You are new here? Why don’t you sign the book and if you like leave your phone number. I can call you later and we can explore your interest in our community here.”








I was eating alone when Louis found his way over to me.
This was a major fuckin’ breach of decorum for him.
But I guessed since he was comin’ over to preach it had been blessed by his homies.
“What’s good?” He asked.
“Not this grub.”
“I’m sayin’ though, its bad enough I can’t eat Halal up in here and then you got this garbage, after you eat it it sits in your stomach and rots for days. You get to checkin’ out what I got for you?”
“Yeah, a lil’ bit, hard to concentrate, you know, minds racin’ all the time.”
“You ain’t feelin’ it, huh?”
“Truth? No. I mean I been thinkin’…” I almost started laughing at how huge and messy his beard had become. “Nevermind.”
“What is it, dog?” He said. “You can be honest with me. You gotta have someone to talk to up in here, without my spiritual advisors I’d be… I don’t know what.”
“I don’t want to disrespect you.”
“C’mon John, after what we went through, after how you rode out with me? You can say whatever you want to me.”
“I been thinkin’ a lot lately, and its like all my life I’ve been trying to be something I’m not, I mean it goes way back, back to NWA cassettes and forties and blunts and sagging our jeans and hoodies and saying shit’s ‘phat’ and then it went on and on and whole time I’m white and I got a long history, a culture and I’m imitating dirty street niggers, ignorant spooks who have no respect for anything or anybody. No fucking wonder I end up in here, having been a wigger all my life.”
“You might want to cool it with epithets homie.”
“You think I give a fuck? Louis or ‘L’ or whatever your name is, they already robbed me and I’ve already got an upcoming appointment with them because of it, if it has to go off early, so be it.”
“So what you sayin’ is I’m a wannabe too.”
“Yeah this Muslim thing is pretty much just another nigger fad.”

















The cab dropped me off in front of Laura’s house. I got a fistful of buds from my stash under a closet floorboard, crystals crumbling in my palm I held them so tightly and went up to the attic.
I rolled a messy blunt, it was so half assed and haphazard I had to put it out, break it open and roll up another one, the ritual of rolling it just enough business to prevent my brain’s full attention being focused on Laura and my loneliness.
As it was sentences and synapses shot along the corridors of my consciousness, I muttered rebuttals to Laura’s refusals to myself and reached for some distant place in my head, a memory of a mood and mindstate when I was blissfully ignorant of sex and women and the vast violent vacuum like endless space they can open up when you come to them with them from them this void God’s emptiness creation requiring an initial vacancy.
So I smoked, for some seconds satisfied that how I felt was metaphysical, the cosmic cost of copulation, the pain of being stretched like starlight all across everything that has ever been or will ever be.
But as the blunt burned down, real life, its demands and toil, recalled me back to the urgency of today and its brothers ahead.
What was I to do? Even now this instant? Could neighbors sell the pot? Would Laura bring some guy to kick me out? I wasn’t in the right frame of mind to brawl, in fact the very thought caused my heart to race and acid to attack the lining of my empty stomach.
If I could eat a few percocets and their let bliss wash over me a yellow sun in my middle warmly dying up and out to every last toe and fingertip extremity I could relax enough the bag up my weed project its profits and then maybe decide where to go to and when.
But then I mistakenly imagined Laura waiting for me downstairs, and her faint fruit shampoo smell seemed to steam up around me, and I could feel the bumpy Braille of her aureoles on my fingertips and the prickle of her shaved legs down my back and her voice’s wry rebuke, her teasing tone, its cigarette scarred throatiness implying force and will experiences left unsaid giving the words she did say a quality of elegant eloquence.
I saved myself for a few more seconds with the business of packing my cigarettes and the routine ecstatic surge of the first drag. As IT burned down I was compelled to take out my phone and call Laura. She answered on the second ring.
“Jay, did you leave the key for me somewhere?”
“No I haven’t left yet.”
“What’s up then?”
“I don’t know just wanted to talk, plus I got a question.”
“I don’t think its good for you to be talking to me its just dragging this out, you know the Band-Aid analogy? You know how a Band-Aid can get stuck to the hair on your skin. You can pull it off quick or…”
“No, I need some of those percs you got, I’ll meet you wherever…”
“They’re all gone Jay, I got rid of them and I’m done with pills and coke its been  such a hassle and the people who want them, they, wait  I do got a couple left. I was saving them in case I got a bad case of cramps…”
“I’ll give fifty bucks for them.”
“Jay, Jay, Jay. I don’t think this is about that. I think you want to see me and that can’t happen and I don’t want to be rude but if I don’t hang up…This is it. I’m hanging up please don’t call back anymore.”
“Laura?”
She was gone.
My cigarette had burned down to the Styrofoam, I felt light headed, surfeited with nicotine, my eyes heavy, body noodly, yet thoughts tangential, bursting off randomly from the pot. I couldn’t smoke any more of that either.
I thought about watching television.
No.
I looked up at the rafters, were they sturdy enough?
But I wasn’t sad, just bored, no bored seems an understatement.
Could I tie a bedsheet right in this state?
Is boredom, can the word or feeling it implies mean more than just monotony?
Maybe I should smoke another blunt before I go.
Maybe being asphyxiated combined with the THC will be a different, more pronounced high, shit I gotta get a chair from downstairs, my phone ringing I looked at it, the caller ID, it wasn’t Laura, maybe she’s calling from another phone. I picked up.
“Hello?”
“John?”
“Yes.”
“John, this is Pastor Neil from Fernwood Methodist. Have I called at a bad time?”




Been getting high again, shit sucks really, too expensive. Started off with pills moved on to the weak dope they got in here, 50 bucks a bag, lucky I got cash left over from my cars put on my book, but its going fast.
Joe had told me being in recovery ruins your high, your tolerance gets mega huge, its like trying to push away those voices, the cliches from the program, the nagging sense that its WRONG. 
It ain’t wrong.
You only live once.
I do gotta cut back though, I’ll try to stop this week.
Just wanna break from all the stress right now.
My celly knows what’s up too.
He’s kind of ignoring me.
So much for his tough guy shit.
Right now we in the cell together.
He’s talking to me right now…
“Stand up, John” he says.
“What? Dude, I’m busy.”
“Stand the fuck up!”
“I’m not feelin’ this,” I say, sighing, getting up reluctantly.
He’s in my face now smiling but those nostrils are flaring, little nose hairs blowing ever so slightly.
“Hit me.” He says.
“Nah, I’m good, I got no beef with you.”
“Speak English motherfucker. C’mon hit me you pathetic little junkie.”
“Is this necessary?”
“If you don’t hit me, me and my brothers are going to murder you. Do you understand? We’ll beat you up everyday over the next few weeks and then one day, and you’ll be DYING to know which one by then, we’ll snuff out your pitiful false existence. One of us who is already here for life will get the honor, the nigger-lover killer he’ll be known as.
But here’s your chance to live, one chance, hit me and we’ll spare you, hit me, come on, HIT ME!”
I know he’s serious so I swing lightly, my fist not even clenched, smacking him in his right pec’ muscle.
“In my face, pussy, you think this is a joke? I don’t know how you ever survived out there you punch like a bitch.”
At the words pussy and bitch I explode, I back up and run up into my punch aiming for a place behind Bull’s face so the force follows through, I remember watching these spooks on the boardwalk at the arcade playing that game where you punch a bag and it measures the strength of your punch, the one spook backed up and ran up and threw his whole body into the punch like I did now.
I almost fell into our steel beds.
Bull’s nose exploded, a messy bloody CRACK.
I’m ready to stop, back away, lay down, ball up to protect my face and gut, but he doesn’t even swing or even budge, he wipes his nose with his sleeve blood dripping down, sickeningly he licks his upper lip, smacking his lips like a nigger does fried chicken flavor.
“I didn’t say this was over, faggot, its over when I say it is.”
This time ‘faggot’ gets me, and the whole situation, my high coming down, being here when I should be home free, anger at myself for helping that white nigger Louis cut up Ant, anger at the last fifteen years of stupidity, it all came roaring and raging out…
I scream but it comes out funny like high pitched crow like hoarse and this makes me even more mad and I start tagging Bull left jab right roundhouse finally coming down on his head with the bottoms of my fists not the knuckles but underneath like how I’d seen females fight before and I kept punching and punching but he don’t go down and doesn’t fight back and finally he embraces me exhausted I pant, his cheek brushing up against my face and I realize I’m bleeding too he must have head butted me and in the adrenaline I felt nothing and so we sway hugging blood on our faces mingling.
I begin to weep salt of tears, salt of sweat, bloody salt mixing and so I bleed and cry snot sputtering and Bull begins to murmur “its alright boy your home now your with us your home now….”









Mom, Thanks for sending those documents.
I was able to get my license and buy a used car. 
I’m delivering pizza now making really good money saving maybe to go to college full time eventually. Pastor Neil is renting me a room in his basement, his wife is a really good cook and they are both all around nice people.
I know you wanted me to call, but I’m just not ready for all that right now. 
I feel safe this way.
I’m glad you and Dad have joined a new church and that your spirits have reawakened. Otherwise I fear you may have stayed angry at me and judged me for the choices I made after I left Keith’s program.
Our job is to let God love us then use that love we receive to love others better while letting these people make their own decisions and mistakes.
We don’t have to pound away at people about abortion, homosexuality, sexuality in general, we can obviously disapprove, even vehemently of sin, but do so without condemning people and burning bridges that lead to us and news of Christ.
Its good to hear Dad is seeking help for his and I’s past ‘issue’. A Christian counselor sounds like the best choice.
Time, God’s tool will heal our wounds and then we can get back to the work of being a family.
				Love,
				In Christ’s name,
					John.


Dear God, this is awkward, I feel stupid even doing this.
Are you even listening?
What am I saying? Of course you are, I was a lost sheep and you led me back into the flock.
You with your divine Providence brought me to all places, state prison, where I could meet my new brothers and be taught the error of my ways.
You are wonderful God, how wise you are, I would have never realized what I know now on my own.
Sure, it was obvious drugs and the street life were bad but I would have never guessed how the Devil deceives, using things that seem positive, like atheist psychology and morally permissive 12 step programs to trick us into denying you and continuing in our sinful ways, ways that threaten our very souls.
I would have never been able to see how deep Satan had infiltrated into my very soul, the point where I used savages’ diction, the demon possessed dialect of that errant race that now infects our great country leading our naïve white youth astray.
I feel so full of  purpose now knowing that you are coming back to us so soon, full of direction I feel even though I fear the coming tribulation. 
My brothers and I are training for the times to come.
We will prepare a place for you clear away the human garbage that rots below your throne.
It will be violent, uncomfortable work but for your glory anything, I mean anything is worth it, there is no such thing as too high a cost, when pursuing your kingdom, Amen.
Lord, I hope I do not risk abandoning you altogether cultivating the radical open- mindedness that has been planted in me lately as a result of attending 12 step meetings.
I had always looked at recovery programs as being almost like DUI or anger management classes, places where the authorities worked to re-introduce non-conformists, threats to the status-quo, back into the fold, a state of pliant and tame docility, I also always viewed them as temporary, that you would graduate from them eventually, graduate with a frameable diploma after a pompous ceremony.
I went to meetings at my Pastor’s urging, I went looking for a practical solution to my dependency on marijuana and pills.
I not only found that, I found you there too, God.
But being there among Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Wiccans, Agnostics and even Atheists I began to reject that basic tenet of Christianity, the quote that says “The only way to the Father is through me,” for the more I got to know my new friends and the more they taught me about life and love and what was important and they explained where they came from originally when they knew none of this wisdom the more I saw you, God, working in their lives.
I saw you working in the lives of non-Christians, just as powerfully and in some cases less so, at the risk of judging, in the lives of self-professed fanatical Jesus people.
So I was forced to conclude that either Jesus is not the son of God our Savior or that he is so merciful, so so merciful, that he cares not how you reach out to him even if in that reaching out you deny him or proclaim another faith.

This belief of mine was driven permanently home one night when I visited a meeting in the city for the first time. 
I went in, sat down and halfway through the readings, who did I see but Cali sitting across from me.
He nodded and smiled and confused yet excited I sat through the rest of the meeting unable to pay attention.
Afterwards we greeted each other, hugged and then took a walk up the block alone together. I said.
“This is a surprise.”
“Not for me, God put it on my spirit. I knew you’d be all right and I would see you again, though not necessarily in that order.”
“I thought you were locked up in the Fed.”
“I was but I made a deal. I told them about some people who knew some people who knew some real terrorists. They let me go.”
“How long were you in?”
“Not long at all.”
“So you were out, free during the period Basir and me were wilin’ out?”
“Yes I heard about it all. Basir and Omar, matter of fact just got out of jail in New York.”
“If you heard…”
“Why didn’t I come and save you? Would you have listened?”
“Probably not, but still.”


“My faith is strong boy. I could explain it to you but I think you already know. Come give me another hug before I go. Not everything has to be explained in words. We need words because we are spirits trapped in the mix of earth air and water that is flesh, but in the spirit, there are no words…”
“But this is amazing to me you loved me enough to let me…”
“Hush, boy. Enjoy the peace and quiet. You’ve been taught words are bridges and they can be, but sometimes, most of the time I’d say they are barriers, walls, shhh, hear that? The hoot…Its an owl.”
He smiled and went on.
“That means spring is coming.”





 

 

 












 


  

  
 











  



 
 



 


   


