
DREAM SQUAD 
SCOUTING JUST GOT EASIER
같
O. A ALEXIS






?
?LX books
Publisher: Smashwords, Inc.
같
Publisher: Smashwords, Inc.
ISBN: 9780463081259
First published in 2020 by ?LX Books,






All rights reserved. No parts of this publication maybe reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior permission of Alx books.

                           같
Properties of this novel are fiction, all characters and organization are entirely created out of imagination, any likeness to real life scenarios are entirely co-incidental and was not intended.
TABLE OF CONTENT
DEDICATION
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12

         DEDICATION

To all the football fans out there and to fiction lovers, and to people who appreciate a good story when they see one.

PROLOGUE


Lancashire athletic players sluggishly walked into the locker room with player's down hearted after a 3-0 trashing from Royton Rovers in the 5th division as the season draws close to an end with 10 matches left to play. Head coach Jailton Lima de Carvahlho the 58-year-old Brazilian slightly white haired new import by the chairman in an attempt to change previous results walked in escorted by his assistant Webb Kyle, turning towards his team, he stared at them in anger but held in his words as he was not one to publicly display anger. 

     "I do not have words for how terrible you all where today, I would not be dicussing anything with you all right now." he vexed, shutting his eyes tight in an attempt to mask his emotions and strolling out of the dressing room, he was immediately followed by his assistant in a hasty attempt to catch up with the quick steps of this superior. Lima wasn't one for too much words, Kyle on the other hand might have sat back and poured out his heart and anger at the team, but he wasn't in charge. The head coach was headed for the chairman's office he was on an ultimatum to rescue the team from relegation as they lie 20th in the league of 24 teams and where on the brink of going low to the relegation spot of three teams. He needed to work out a quick explanation for his recent result. Quickly stopping his he noticed a faint cry behind him "boss!!" Webb stopped him in an attempt to catch his breath.

    "We shall not be having any conversation about this right now and I am not in the mood for your antiques" lima shut him out. Head coach Lima had recently grown sick of the constant arguments and disagreement between him and his assistant coach as they both shared entirely different views to football even though he couldn't deny the good impact the assistant coach had on the team. Before his appointment Kyle was put in the team as an interim manager he was one to favor playing the youth, having promotions of over 5 youth team players giving them chances in the first team and had won five matches in a row raising the team clear from relegation. His young energetic team had no tolerance for tired legs and prided their selves in Quick and high tempo football that left their opponents stunned. On Jailton Lima de Carvahlho's appointment being a well-respected coach in Brazil who had to drop down to a lower division due to a few scandals and allegations on him was not going to listen to a little kid tell him how to do his job. His first action was to demote most of the promoted youth to the bench.

    He was very successful in his previous endeavors by using a particular tactics though very rigid and defensive it worked always and he wasn't about to listen to any new form or take tactical risk at this time, he had five games to change the teams fate and he wasn't about to experiment as he had been involved in a draw and now a heart gashing defeat to further disrupt his campaign at getting a permanent job in this club.   

  Opening the door to the chairman's office he went in to have a conversation, noticing signs the assistant manager was still on his trail he gave Kyle a worried stare as to why he would follow him into the chairman's office. "You should go now Mr. Kyle am trying to have a private meeting here. If you are needed I would be sure to let you know.  

    Being sincere to himself he wasn't a big fan of the assistant coach even after his stream of luck of 5 straight wins... besides they were easy opposition. Head coach Lima had a feeling Kyle was handed a pity appointment due to being a former player at the club and a disastrous career ending injury. He didn't see him as one who deserved to be coaching notwithstanding the fact he had all his license.

  The chairman who was backing the door turn his chair around to face the two coaches in front of him. " You need to leave now". Lima was furious. "Let him stay." added the chairman with a slight smirk on his face. "Why am I having upsetting results?" He asked having an angry stare directed at the head coach. "You had one job to do, make sure I don't go on relegation so I can provide you with enough transfer revenue to build your own team next season." The head coach was about to give a reply when he was quickly interrupted by Kyle "Lima tends to be a little stubborn. He keeps Fielding older players who are way past their prime in an attempt to create an experienced team when we have good talents on the bench." Kyle rambled.

    "On the Stint before he came in you saw the difference when I played younger players? They are faster more agile and produce results." Lima staring at Kyle interrupted. "Also irrational and unpredictable." Turning towards the chairman the head coach added "I can't do my job right if I keep getting undermined like this! I can't work with this kid, he talks big and shows little experience." Raising an eyebrow Kyle ensued. "Inexperience that has been bringing results before you came in!" 

   "Do you see how this kid disrespects me?" Lima raged on. "You have to make a choice between me or him, I am a legendary coach with all it takes to lead this club to glory, you either pick him or me." Kyle would have added otherwise but had a quick think. 

    This might be good for him, he has a win record to show matter how little and he might win this and get a chance to be an actual manager as he might get favored by a club he once played for. 
  
   The chairman had a bit of a conundrum to deal with. Pleasing the club's legacy by withholding a long serving player turn assistant manager for the club or please the fans and safe finances by no paying compensation for breaking contract with the legendary head coach Jailton lima de Carvahlho. He wasn't about to make losses and answer to the press on why a legendary manager was sacked.  "Mr. Webb Kyle, your fired!"  

      Kyle was dumb founded wondering where he had gone wrong. "Mr. Jailton lima de Carvahlho you may continue your duties as the head coach of this club and remake your legendary fits at the club."

CHAPTER 1


The crowd yelled and chanted as Kyle Webb stood with the ball. Lancashire went head to head with fifth tier team Malmesbury he had returned from a loan back to his boyhood club where all the fans loved him for sentimental reasons. He was one of the academy graduate years back, being at the peak of his career after a long loan he was back to show he was ready for first team action at Lancashire. He had just gotten the ball after coming on during the second half. All his teammates where fully marked and their was little or no option to pass to. The brown hair that matched his eyes lit up in anticipation. He had a slightly slim figure, and slight freckles not prominent but just enough to not ruin his looks. The sweat not from exhaustion but from the gleaming sun lit up his pale skin. And his tucked in Jersey hung largely to mask his figure. His average height was complimented by his high jump power that aided him in competing for dead balls in the air and his clean shave made him look way younger than he actually was.

    Taking a deep breath while staring at the defender who stood in front of him, he had hungry eyes, almost as hungry as Kyles, they both seemed like they had alot to prove in this match with both of them being young players, probably of very close age.

     Taking a second to think he could either play it safe for a back pass or go for it alone. Nudging the ball Kyle decided to make a run for it, the greatest players where risk takers. If he was going to break into this first team, then he needed something exceptional. Dropping a feint he weaseled his way past the defender making a run for it. Charging foward he thought to himself. "This was it!!!" He charged foward as the defender thugged at his shirt which didn't seem to bother Kyle who was waltzing closer and closer to the box for his shot.  

    Pushing back at the defender he managed to free himself from the tussle pushing the defender slightly away. Turning his gaze he could see the anger in his opposition's eyes, he didn't want to come out of this one on one battle in second place. Charging towards Kyle he lunged at Kyle boots stud first making a hard contact with Kyle's leg that sent a large pain traveling from his legs round his body followed by a sound like a large twig snapping in two's. The defender being unable to slow gis speed down after going for the tackle ran body first straight at Kyle as he the both fell making large thuds on the turf. The undending pain ran through Kyle as his surroundings faded away.

    Jumping up from his bed, he woke up all sweaty, staring at his clock it was 3 o'clock in the morning. He lay back in his bed and shut his eyes tight. 

    Tossing and turning Kyle Webb tried to get some sleep after waking up at 3'oclock in the morning from his traumatic dream, he had been having that alot lately also having some difficulties sleeping after be fired by 5th tier team Lancashire athletic. The 28-year-old who had a bad working relationship as an assistant manager to the team with the initial manager gave the club a no brainer on the decision of keeping him or the actual manager.

      After a short playing career in soccer that was hampered by injuries he eventually gave up the effort of trying to revive his career and hung his boots. His boy hood club of which he graduated as a youth player and spent most of his playing career at even though he spent most of it on loans to other clubs, they where willing to offer him a chance at coming back from early retirement as an assistant coach, which now that he thought of it sounded more like a gesture of pity than based on the fact that he was actually good at it.

   From the look of things it didn't look like he was going to be getting any sleep at all anytime soon so lying on his bed and staring at the ceiling sounded like the more reasonable thing to do, asking himself the "where did it all go wrong" question didn't seem like the right option at the moment, there wasn't much to think about... Fighting for a chance to enter into the first team from d under 23 wasn't his best days, he got his debute at 24, it seemed like he was just let out because he was getting to old for the youth team, he never played badly but was never exceptional as a sports man, half way through the season and he was already going out on loans helter-skelter. 

  As a young lad he wasn't one to party or be irresponsible, he always tried to put his career first, have you ever wanted to be so good at something that you tried so hard but things never worked out?
Having an early football career retirement at 27 and a one-year career in managing wasn't wat he saw for his life, every kid always had big dreams, he wanted to be one of the greats. 

    Well that isn't going to happen now, since signing a professional contract he has only made three appearances for this club and gone on loan for all 3 years of his career making below ten appearances in all the clubs he played for before a gruesome injury during a collision that ended his playing career.
  
  Getting off the bed and heading for the bathroom to wash his face and staring at the clock on his way there, it was 5'oclock, he just realized he had been thinking for two straight hours.

   How was he going to face the world, he knew he was going to have to get a job soon, he needed to sustain himself since he was without a job. How would he go to apply for ordinary jobs in his local town when everyone expected so much from him?
  
  He wasn't going to let that get to him, looking at the mirror he thought to himself. "I would get a job...hold my heads high and do what every man should, work."

  How was he going to face his mother? She was a single mom who tried all she could to pay for his football academy fees, she was so pleased when he got his debuted. In her exact words "it's about time that teams don't know good talent when they see one... benching my little boy". She was very heart broken after his injury and wen the doctor said even though he could walk fine, he would never play again, but after getting the job as the assistant manager she was extremely happy again. He couldn't break her heart; he wasn't going to. But she was eventually going to find out in the news? Thinking not to tell her is a very stupid idea he thought to himself. Things in his love life weren't going to well either...he hasn't had a girlfriend since his playing days even though that was the least of his problems and the tip of the iceberg of things he had to deal with he couldn't help but worry about it. 

   He had a job interview as a digital marketer for a small developing business company and he was going to see it through.
After getting sacked a few weeks back from his club he has been spiraling while going for several interviews to get a job and getting negative responses, but this time he had a good feeling about this.

    Heading outside from his home he was all set for his interview thanks to a few graphic design classes during his academy days, he always thought it would be a waste of time but looking at it now, it doesn't seem so bad, it could really help fix things for him.

  Going straight for his vehicle he tried starting it...it wouldn't budge, this was a really bad time for this to happen but it was 7:30am already and he wasn't going to miss this interview for anything in the world it might be his only life line after a failed footballing career.
Trying his phone, the next cab ride is in 5minutes, he could wait 5 minutes wouldn't be the end of the world.

  After wat was supposed to be 5 minutes turned 10 and another ten minutes ride he had finally arrived at the spot. He gentle let out a little air from his nostrils to ease his tension. He was really nervous about this.

    Walking into the establishment he was immediately welcomed by the manager, a male at his late forties and a little overweight with brown hair and slightly shaved stubbles. "Good morning, welcome. I suppose you are here for the interview mate? Sorry about how things look right now, we are still hiring workers and getting things in order, it's a new business of mine and I am looking for someone who can help create a brand. I saw your resume in my email and I have to say I was shocked I had to see for myself." Looking confused Kyle replied "uhmn thanks?" Not sure if that was a compliment. "Follow me." The manager gestured towards his office. 

     "Take a seat." Ransacking through his scattered office, "there we go." Bringing out a printed copy of Kyle Webb's resume. "I have to say, wen I saw the name on my E-mail I thought, maybe this is a coincidence but looking at you right now I have to say it's a bit surprising. Kyle Webb himself looking for a job in my small establishment." Managing a confused grin Kyle chipped in. "I'm just trying to get a job man, things have been hard lately." Shaking his head the manger replied. "Sorry about that man, was never a Lancashire fan but when you got your debut there where a lot of banter from the locals about how you where the clubs future our own home grown legend, didn't work out much did it? Sorry about that injury mate, career ending and heart breaking I have to say." Nodding Kyle managed a smile. "its ok." For a second there it felt good to be appreciated and maybe his previous soccer career might help boost his chances. In a quick humorous glance, the manager added. "But to think of it I have to say you where shit, absolute bullocks out there, never really lived up to expectations if you ask me. Lacked the creativity for a midfielder but the Lancashire lads wouldn't give its rest always optimistic those lads, even on all your loans they still thought you had it in you." 

   Looking a bit offended Kyle turned a quick frown. "Sorry are we here to talk about football or are we here for an interview?" Rolling his eyes, the manager raised his hands in the air. "Sorry man just saying." Handing out his hand as a sign of gesture of peace to Kyle he added. "I am John...John Duffy by the way." Shaking hands Kyle was ready to put that aside as long as he got the job.
 
   Scratching his head, the manager added. "Hope you don't mind me asking though, would you mind signing a ball for my kid? Wouldn't take much of your time?" Considering this Kyle didn't see anything wrong in doing it but thought about it and decided to object as he would love the interview to be sped up and done with in time. "I actually mind. I really don't want to sign your shirt sir."

  Raising an eyebrow, the manager looked at him like he was nothing. "Mate you barely had a career, you're not even my kids favorite player or anyone's favorite assistant manager, no one really gives a shit about your playing career. I just wanted the signature cause I couldn't get the signature of legendary footballer J.E Saunders." Feeling a little offended Kyle decided to not stand for this as he could tell the manager was trying to rile him up my calling the name Saunders, he knew Saunders was the defender who collided with Kyle which led to his torn cruciate ligament. Saunders went on to gain offers from bigger teams in the 3rd tier and is having a way better career than Kyle could ever dream of, the red head 6-foot towering defender is literally living the dream after escaping national league football.

   "Look man this job doesn't require much, design a few logos, make a few flyers, create awareness for the locals to know about the business, anyone could do it!!! If you want the job sign a few things, that simple." The manager added in a stern voice.
"Fine!!!" Kyle rolled his eyes picking the ball to sign right when he heard the manager mutter under his breath. "Wait till the mates know that I have the shit of a player Kyle Webb wrapped around my palms."
Looking directly at the manager in confusion the manager leered from left to right knowing he might have whispered too loud put a hand over his mouth.

  Kyle knew immediately that he couldn't have that and needed to leave this job as soon as possible he wasn't going to stand here and take insults for trying his best to meet up to expectations even at what he was clearly not good at and wouldn't want to be in a position where his life is judged by his previous career failures and decisions.

  Kyle quickly dropped the ball happy he was only half way through the signing and wasn't completely done. He got up and made his way for the door. "Fine man leave if you want to, I can find someone else,  and by the way, your resume was shitty!!!" Kyle heard the manager scream at him as he exited the premises.

   Heading home in the cab he could only feel frustrated as he had tried his possible best to get another job, grumbling under his breath. "Third time this week." He needed a job and fast.
Getting home, he quickly took off his clothes and laid on the bed staring at the ceiling again and thinking "God...life after football is Soo so hard." He realized that as a footballer you live in a bubble and everything works out for a while and things are handed to you till they are not anymore.

   Thinking for a while he realized he might not be able to fare well in other endeavors others than what he loved, football and even if he wasn't good at playing it he was damn good at reading the game, his short stint at being an assistant coach was actually working if not for his dis agreement on the team's tactical approach to playing.
 
  Having a thought, he decided. "I am going back to football no matter how low but am doing what am good at am coaching a team again, and Know there are good teams that would know my value." He quickly grabbed his phone and tried calling his previous agent.

  Quickly dialing and waiting for it to ring, the call was picked "no one wants you Kyle, we have been over this. I tried by giving you a job as an assistant coach and you threw it away...how do I pitch a failed player and a failed coach to a club? What club would be that desperate?" 

     His agent, a bald male in his late forties on the other end of the phone ensued knowing that might probably be the reason he was calling again. "Hear me our Ian," Kyle tried to intervene. His former agent Ian Bates wasn't having any of it. "Look I am a top agent and I am good at my job, you're a lost cause Kyle, I have other actual footballers to handle." Ian was in his car on his way for a proposal from a club and was in a bit of a hurry, he was running late. "Look Kyle, I really care about you as a friend, and I have done everything in my power to give you the best career any kid could ask for, the rest was up to you and you blew it, I know you haven't told your mother yet about losing your job as the assistant manager, this is an unhealthy path your taking Kyle, move on with your life forget football, you're young, you have your whole life ahead of you, I have a meeting to attend to right now and I am running late...we should talk later, maybe about something other than reviving an un savable career." Bates drops the call and parks in front of the stadium in anticipation of his meeting.

  Kyle looking confused was running out of ideas. In truth Bates had always been nice to him and favored him in all circumstances, he couldn't deny that, bates was like a father to him and showed him care even as a young player. Pushed for his promotion to the first team instead of getting released and got him a godamn good contract deal as at that. He couldn't hate the man for forsaking him now. Wondering what his next move was Kyle probably realized he might have to come clean to his fifty years old mother, the poor woman would be heart broken.

   Kyle decided to head for a bar maybe a little drink might clear his head instead. He quickly got up and grabbed his jacket, there was a bar just down the road, a nearby bistro. He got in an ordered a drink
He wasn't a usual at a bar. For an athlete he didn't find it usual to drink a lot and he was hoping he wouldn't get noticed a lot at the bar, not that he expected a lot of people to notice, he didn't have the best playing career or coaching career as at that as he only featured for clubs within the lower leagues during his time, only locals might notice. but then he was in a bar filled with locals.

   After some minutes of drinking it didn't matter anymore as he was jeering and laughing with other drunk fans in the bar and exchanging banter with rival fans as he always stood by his boy hood club even though they had loaned him all through his playing days and sacked him as a coach without a second thought.
It was all fun and banter till a shriek came across from the room.
"Hey Kyle look at you defending a club who pissed on you and your integrity. That club isn't shit and hasn't been shit for years. Wait till they get relegated to the 6th tier mate!" Followed by a loud laughter from the crowd.

  Kyle wasn't really sure what got over him or wat pushed him as he wasn't a violent person but before a blink of the eye he was rushing at the fans throat and there where bottle bashing and punches thrown from left to right he was hit in the face before they were quickly separated and he was kicked off the bar. Walking through the alley he reached for his phone and in a drunk attempt tried to butt dial an ex from his playing days, he noticed he had a bleeding nose but it didn't matter much as the phone rang and the call was picked. "what do you want Kyle?" Replied from the other end of the phone "come one Selina that's no way to talk to your one-time boyfriend." Kyle added with a slight laugh. "Are you drunk?" Selina Silvanei asked. " have you been out drinking Kyle?" 

    Creasing an eyebrow "No!" Kyle replied. "This is unlike you Kyle, look I told you to stop calling me what we had has been over for years and you need to let it go." Silvanei continued.
"Look am just checking on a friend, is that so bad?" Kyle ensued.
"Kyle we are not friends, besides am seeing someone and he won't be too happy with mw talking to you. "Selina added before hanging up. "Who could she be seeing?" Kyle thought to himself.

  Kyle and Silvanei used to have a good relationship, she used to love him, he thinks, or maybe it was the idea of dating a footballer and what he could become or what could have been, in his case.

    They stopped getting along after his injury during his playing days and during his early retirement, he felt something so strong for her back then that he might have done anything for her. He always wondered where it all went wrong and has never gotten a good enough answer for closure, her parents where very rich and even though she had all she wanted she always had an edge for rebelling against her parents, but she wasn't like that with him. He always thought she felt something every time he looked in her eyes.
 
    Staggering past the alley he spat out a little blood from his mouth still starring at his phone. He had mindlessly walked into the middle off the road. He heard a loud horn blare and on looking up he was quickly brushed out of the way by and incoming vehicle.

CHAPTER 2


All the way at East Midland the 43-year-old chairman of Retford albion Sheridan Layne rubbed his hand through his slightly white and slightly blonde patched hair as he was starting to go bald, probably as a result of the stress he had recently begin to go through of late. His late father Sir. Alfred Layne had left him the esteemed football clubs years back before his death as part of the family business and Sheridan hasn't been the best of chairman's since joining the club, the once esteemed top tier Retford albion had dropped two tiers and gotten relegated last five years and last two years consecutively and has been trying to get promotion back into the second tier for a while now, over spending on players and over compensating on bad coaches, finances have been bad for the past two years and the club is close to extinction. He hasn't been able to revive it ever since.


   Retford had a rich culture and history and has a trophy cabinet that spoke of glories, being the most successful team in the third tier. They had more trophies than most of the top league teams, but all that was in the past, the last time the club smelled a trophy had been ages... Having a good trophy cabinet helped fans have good banter and bragging rights, but offered very little in terms of recent performance.
 
  That didn't dispute the fact that 10 top tier league trophies, 7 cup trophies and 12 charity plates was still a feat for most teams, Sheridan never understood how his father commanded such power and posed such composure, smiling when he had to and being stern when required. His father handled finances easily and brought the best players in a had the best staffs without breaking the bank something that still seemed like magic to him. 

  Financial advisor and club secretary Paula McNamara knocked slightly on the door. "Come in." Uttered Sheridan. She walked into the office. A slightly pale brunette of average height in her late twenties who seemed to always be uptight. She wasn't one to let her hair down. She had been in previously terrible relationships and one could say she had a poor judgement for men but she was darn good at her job. She got this job when this club was in a bad place and had done all she could to make sure it didn't get worse than when she met it. 
 
  "The league has set a new ultimatum for us to meet up to certain financial demands or we might be kicked out of the league sir. I would also like to point out that head coach Markus Schulz has officially tendered a resignation as he would not be renewing his contract, he seems angry for lack of transfer funds and is taking some of the coaching staffs with him. He has moved to Caterham with the club paying a small compensation that does nothing to solve our financial dilemma." 

  "Well, get me another good head coach then!" Sheridan ranted furiously, he was filled with frustration. "No one wants to work for us sir. Most head coaches feel coaching Retford at a period like this is deemed setting them up for failure". Paula said.

"Goddam it!!! We lost a general manager last season a fitness coach and the head of youth development staff, we are also low on data analyst, sport scientist, physio's and the club officially has no scouts.
How do we get more players if we don't have the right staff?" Sheridan seemed frustrated at the moment. He rubbed rapidly at his hair with a grim expression on his face.

 "Sir?" Paula looked frightened to break more bad news. "Paula do you want to kill me with bad news?" Sheridan replied. "Our star player Anthony Asare has stated his desire to leave sir. He seems to think he deserves to play in a better team sir. Offers from rival club Daventry and Ashford are in place, I might warn you sir he is not willing to back down and wants to force a move." Paula added nervously. "He is back at his old antics again. He isn't showing up to training and refuses to complete the fixtures we have left; he doesn't want to be part of the club anymore as he tagged it 'a sinking ship' 'he doesn't want to be around when it goes down' in his exact words sir".

  "Does he know he is under contract? Besides no way in hell are we selling to rivals!" Sheridan laughed off her remarks. Anthony Asare was one of the things he got right at the club, arguably his best addition to the club, the player had attitude problems and had a high tendency to cause trouble or get in fights with both teammates and opposition but his talent was undeniably entertaining on the pitch. He had drinking problems but he got results and sincerely he could achieve more if he wasn't held back by lack of required quality in the team. 

   "They have made a none negotiable offer of thirty million for the 31-year-old sir" Sheridan nearly Choked on this drink on hearing this remarks. "That would cover most of our debt and recuperate loans in which the club has made in previous years." Paula added.
 
  "We do not want to lose such an asset in the club Paula what do you suggest I do about this?" Sheridan rubbed his chin. "The club needs the finances. It would be a good sale to rescue the club from damnation." Paula retorted. "I have contacted your most favorable agent to help find a good coach for the team for the time being. Also we would be looking to promote 16 academy players to fill in spots that have been made open due to mass player loss, we have been selling a lot in an act to try reviving our financial situation sir."


                           같

   Meanwhile, right outside the club stadium a car pulled into the drive way, coming out of the car Ian Bates just ending a call from his on time client who he was an agent to. "we should talk later, maybe about something other than reviving an unsolvable career." Bates said on the phone before hanging up. Heading straight into Sheridan's office, on arrival he saw the gorgeous miss Paula McNamara walk out of the chairman's office. Stealing a quick Glace and Cursing under his breath. "If I didn't have a wife that I loved so much."

   Ian's first impression was to give the old friend a hug. "How are you doing mate? It's been a while." Bates lit up. "Erhn...same ol' same ol '"Sheridan scratched his eyebrow. "Things going well at home ey?"  Ian asked. "Perfectly, can't say the same for work though". Sheridan managed a grin. "Ahh...heard about the club issues on the news. Sorry about the manager. You'll get a better one... a club of this quality and stature? Would not be long." Bates laughed off. "He was a really good manager wasn't he? Too bad the lack of finance drove him crazy." Sheridan replied. "With your transfer revenues any one would go crazy." Bates laughed off. "I see you haven't lost your spirit for banter old friend. What's it been, two years?" Sheridan wondered. 
 "The last time we talked you needed a new manager, been a while since your club needed my help to broker a deal, not much signings coming in eh?" Bates smirked. "Bad for business." Sheridan broke into laughter at Bates jokes. "You still have that sense of humor intact Bates take a seat."

    They both sat down as bates adjusted his fine seemed black suit. Bates was one of the club's finest agents who had stuck with the club through thick and thin.

  Sheridan turned his smile quickly. "So down to business..."
"Let me guess, you need a new manager, the thing is Layne every one reads the news. No one wants this job, no manager wants to take on this hot seat. Everyone knows it's a death trap, who wants to manage a team when they have little or no finance, no transfer budget. Inadequate staffs and most of all... Absolute shit for players. Your club needs an overhaul and you don't have the money to do it, this is a sinking ship." Bates gave a stern reply.
 
  "Look old friend, agents are turning on my club they don't want to work with us because we bring little profit to them you are all I have. I need a manager to help keep us in the 3rd division and help ahead of the new season and fast." Sheridan pleaded.

  "What do you expect me to do? No one would take your offer?" Bates shrugged. "I'm sorry friend I came running when you called out of respect but I genuinely have no solution to this one..." Bates said, standing up and preparing to take his leave.

   "I would accept anyone who has a coaching license and can work with little or no budget, anyone!" Sheridan exclaimed in desperation.
 
  Bates already with his hands on the door about to leave turned at him "anyone?" 


                           같

Kyle opened his eyes His surroundings seemed very blurry, he felt a large amount of pain run from the back of his head and flood through his brain, he couldn't put a pin to how he had gotten the pain in his head that kept stabbing and pulsating through his skull. Or where he was. Squinting his eyes he tried to get a clearer view of his environment and what was going on. Looking up, the sun rays beamed into his eyes making him cover his eyes with his arm immediately. Staring further he leered to what seemed like a town in south America, for all he knew he could be in Uruguay, Bolivia Paraguay or even Argentina, who knows maybe he was in Mexico North America he couldn't tell as he wasn't one to travel and never left his home country even while out one loan. "Was he dreaming?" He thought to himself. He must probably be in one of his wierd dreams again. Now that he thought of it, he probably needed to see someone for that. It was sunny and the weather burnt hot.

    He stood up and walked towards what looked like a street football game played in the mud among people of all ages from old to young all split in teams of two's. Wondering as to how he got here and to what brought him here clouded his mind, but he could not help but go closer to the footballing spectacle unfolding before his eyes.

  Drawing closer he could notice as skills flowed from end to end and both team played a fluid form of attack, counter attacking each other over and over exchanging well synced passed and flairs in their movements involving a lot of dribbles. Fascinated that he hasn't seen such beautiful display of football naturally he was curious and soon forgot the reason for the questions as to how he got there...he got intrigued by the beauty of a sport he loved being played in a way he had never seen before. Quickly spotting two twin boys who seemed to be bossing the game as they neither relented or let anyone dribble past them and where exceptional in their transition from attack to defense, he couldn't help but watch them. 

   With a loud scream he heard "Lorenzo Zalazar!!! Guillermo Zalazar!!! entrar a la casa!!!"
Turning towards the noise he could see an elderly woman who he assumed was their mother. Turning back towards the other end of the road a huge truck was heading for him "not again!??" He thought. He was hit again.


  Waking up again this time on what seemed to be a roof top he was sure he was definitely dreaming seeing another young boy raising a ball and showing flairs and pinpoint accuracy at hitting targets at a far distance with markers he painted on a wall am this time it looked like he was in Africa Kyle seemed mostly overwhelmed as he was definitely sure he has been dreaming all this while but for some reason he couldn't help but enjoy this dreams and the beautiful soccer display he was seeing looking at the kids shirt which was and old football jersey of a team he couldn't recognize he noticed he had painted his name "Justice Yeboah"  behind his kit in ordinary paint, he showed perfect control as his dread locks flew around behind him, packed in a ponytail.

   Fascinated he kept staring at the kid go being distracted and didn't see when the ball hit him straight in the face. He felt the room spinning as he went to sleep.

   Waking up for the third in a row as stressful as this experience was getting to be for him he was starting to enjoy it and probably hoping it didn't end, having to watch back to back highlights of the sport you love didn't seem like such a bad idea. His next thought was "who am I seeing next?"  

   "Chanon  Hong thong"  the Thai international had every quality of an inside forward playing for a semiprofessional club in Thailand. He was in an actual football match in a dream? Do people know when they are dreaming? Was he dreaming. Pinching himself a bit, he waited for the results of his actions to take place. Nothing happened. Was it all real? The Thai international had dark short hair but kept a strand of red streak flowing down the fring at the front of his hair, quite Average in height but made up for it in pace, he dazzled in the match as banners flared up with his name on it from the fans in appreciation of his talents. He easily displaced defenders having no difficulties doing so, not having to overthink his decision or worry about his reflexes. "How cool was that?" He thought to himself.
 

                           같

    Opening his eyes again slightly he could feel how weak his body was and he could barely move, it seemed like he was in a hospital and looking to his side he could see him mum by his side holding his hand, he looked stressed, depressed and like she hasn't slept in days he noticed he couldn't move or speak and he realized he was quickly growing sleepy again. "was he paralyzed?" He thought to himself why couldn't he move or feel his body he kept wondering till he drifted back to sleep. Wondering what he would dream about this time as he drifted off.


                           같


    Waking up again it felt like this dream would never end he appeared to be in a youth team try out. He couldn't recognize the place but that's the thing with dreams, somehow he just knew he was in his home town and there where a lot of players on tryout he spent sometime in the dream watching youths play mostly noticing two kids in the audition who had impeccable passing skills, a "David Harnik & Michal Baranoviskyi" he didn't really understand this dream but watching this players of exceptional talent from all over the world pleased him immensely. He happened to turn around to see if he could recognize the environment. But he couldn't, on turning back to see if he could continue enjoy these two midfielders dazzle him he realized he was in a different place, still on the streets of his local town but not on a try out. 

   He was watching a group of youths play in the public pitch by the sport park center looking deeper he noticed the kid with an incredible pace and skills to go with it pace he hasn't seen anywhere in real life. 
He was slightly African American with and Afro, crew cut and a slight goatie. Bursting through his opponents before easily slotting in a goal the kid happily celebrated with friends "nice one Xavier, you know how to produce a screamer" one of his friends spelled out. " It's in the Udoh family" he replied with a wink.

                           같


    Opening his eyes again and this time in the hospital he noticed his mum still sitting across from him, this time with her face lightening up to see him awake. "The doctor said you would be ok. Get some rest, you were in an accident." His mother added pressing him back into a lying position. On hearing this the memory flooded back and the pain rushed back in. He kind of wished he was back in that dream. Turning to his right was his former agent Ian Bates. "How are you doing son? Had a big bang to the head their boy? Got us all scared. The doctor said you are making progress. Staring forward he saw the doctor walk in. Muttering something to his mum and Ian that he could not hear as he saw his mum make a great sigh of relief while holding a hand to her chest. Somehow he knew he would be ok.
   
  Ian rushed back to him. "Good news boy you would be ready in time for something special I have for you. Time to get back on the horse. Though I do not want to bother you with all that right now, why don't we just focus on nursing you back to your feet first."

    Kyle didn't really understand any of that. Nothing could top the good feeling he felt right now, he wasn't sure if it was the sedatives, pain reliefs or the dreams, maybe he was even on sleeping pills, he wasn't really sure what the doctors had put him on, but whatever it was, was definitely doing the trick, he couldn't stop smiling as he grinned from left to right. 

    He didn't really need to understand any of that at all because all that was in his mind was that dream, he kept wondering..."are those kids real? Could he find such actual talent in football right now?" Laying his head back he smiled. They where probably just dreams, very good dreams actually, but still probably just dreams. Maybe if he shut his eyes a bit more he might see such football spectacule again, it didn't matter if it was real or not or if he was just imagining the impossible. 

CHAPTER 3

Anthony Asare Retford player soon to be no more was on his way for contract talks with Ashford, the dark muscular male who had a cornrow was a ladies man, he had been a long serving player for Retford but felt it was time to end his relationship with them, the club was neither moving forward or progressing in anyway plus they had very below average players and the squad depth was nothing to write home about, he had always been a top performer but he couldn't do much about the clubs situation and they were going to bring him down, he still had a few years left on his contract but he was tired of being professional about it, the fans hated him there too and thought him to be too much of a proud player, they thought he was too arrogant and lacked focus, but they didn't understand him. That didn't stop him from doing wild celebrations or getting a haircut every week or so.

   Asare had been fined severally by the club for gross misconduct, he never understood why they failed to understand that a young person had the right to live his life and be free. 

     Dialing a number as he picked up his phone, he called his agent.
"Hey ma man Asare! You on your way there yet?" The person on the phone said. " Be there in a minute". Asare replied. He was still miles away. "Mr. Asare, Ashford is a big club in the second division that bases their club structure on discipline and the right attitude, you have been known to possess none of those qualities, first you need to make sure your there on time, I am already close to the stadium, secondly, after a big money move like this, if it works, you going to have to cut back on the drinking and partying or the misconduct." His agent added.

    "What misconduct?" Asare threw his hand in the air while his car nearly swayed if the road and quickly grabbing hold of the steering well again. "Having affairs with co-workers at the club? The press wasn't given information on the actual staff but we all know it's true, and then trying to have an affair with the chairman's under age daughter, after getting sued the fee paid was enough to end you but the chairman still wanted to keep you for what you could do on the pitch and rather ship his daughter to a faraway college. You bought an aquarium the size of a room, and you buy overpriced drinks, you paid for a car worth 5 million, Mr. Asare."

    "What? A man can't drive something nice?" Asare replied. "Ever heard of a lease? You're going broke and we need this transfer or your screwed, I expect you to be on your best behavior. I am serious Mr. Asare." his agent added. " Fine! Am on it" Asare replied.
"You're sure this deal is in the bag? Because I fired that dumb Ian Bates because that idiot gives up to easily, telling me no one wants to work with me for my attitude, who has the 30million attitude now?" Asare laughed. "You know you my home boy and we go way back, I know you can get me out of anything. Now let's get this money." Asare made at his agent. Asare as a kid used to be short, scrawny and thin, he got bullied alot but for some reasons, his agent always stood up for him even as a kid all the way back then, and he still had his back till now.

     "The deal is secured Mr. Asare. I am at the stadium; I still can't find that overpriced noise box of yours You call a car." His agent was feeling humorous.

   "In a minute." Asare pulled in on the driveway one hour later, music loud, blaring and causing discomfort to the neighborhood, his car door flew open as he hoped out having a wide non chalant smile.  Rolling his keys around his fingers. His agent a slightly shorter dark male standing furiously in front of the Ashford stadium adjusting his navy blue suit and staring at his watch every 5 minutes. He had a clean low cut with a clear shave. Seeing Asare he hurried towards him. "You said you would be here an hour ago! What happened!" His agent was furious.

  "A little traffic that's all." Asare said. "What traffic the road is literally empty!" His agent fired back. "Don't raise your voice at me men." Asare said coming closer in an attempt to threaten his agent who backed out knowing Asare's history of getting violent with teammates. "Fine let's head upstairs then, we have a lot to discuss." 
Walking into the Ashford general manager's office Asare went and took a seat.

   The Ashford general manager in charge of transfers, a 50-year-old black male with fragments of white hair, got up and extended his hands towards Asare who shook it, "good morning Mr. Anthony, first before we talk, I never invited you in, I never offered you a seat and you are 53 minutes late." The general manager frowned.

    "That don't matter, you know what I can do, I know what I can do, he knows am good." Pointing towards his agent who now had his hands on his face in shame of his client's attitude. "Just bring the paperwork let's get this over with."  Asare had a wide grin on his face.

    "Mr. Asare, I don't know what you might have heard about this club but talent isn't enough to make you an Ashford player. You need good attitude and character, now based on your past record you don't fit that profile, the manager of Ashford said he wanted you leading the attack and I personally never agreed to it but I decided to give you a chance, with you display today I have seen all I need." The general manager gave a negative nod.

  "Well if the manager needs me? Why not give him what he wants?" Asare still had that grin that even his agent wanted to smack off his face so bad.

   "Mr. Anthony in this organization, I make the transfer decisions, I decide who stays and who leaves, I decide who deserves a new contract and who is just out reaching for what he can't attain." General manager was stern.

   "Hold on, let's all calm down" Asare's agent decided to butt in. "First of all I think we got off on a wrong foot and I would love to apologize for that. Secondly I would like to apologize on behalf of my client, he..."

   "He has a mouth doesn't he? And from what I can tell, a very big one, I would like to see him apologize with it then." The general manager cut in giving Asare a menacing stare.

   Asare's agent gave him a presaged look that said do it or your dead. "Fine am sorry..." Asare gave a reluctant apology, can we get down to business now?" Asare gave a portend stare.

"Mr. Asare the manager said your good but I would be the judge of that, you have a few weeks so you're expected to sign a pre contract deal that put you on trial till we assess you and give the gi ahead for you to get a permanent deal." The general manager denoted.

     Asare giving in to the cackle building up he guffawed away. "you want me to audition?" Asare foreshadowed looking at his agent, " they want me to audition." He continued to chortle away. His agent tittered with him.

   Turning his snigger to a quick frown. "Anthony Asare never auditions for anyone, ever! I am too good a player to be on trial, everyone knows my stats everyone watches me, you just want to reduce me don't you?" Asare made his disapprobation known.

     "Ok how about we all just calm down. Let me handle the negotiations Anthony while you handle the football." His agent entreated. "I am sure we can all come to an understanding, I would like you to forgive my clients tone. He is a good footballer and would be a wonderful asset to your team, hos stats speak for themselves. He would be a wonderful addition to any team. Let's just calm down and start afresh."

   "Na...I am done talking, I didn't come all the way to be insulted by this fool, lets bounce, besides we have better offers." Asare bragged hoping that would sway his decision but the general manager wasn't wavering. "You not as popular as you think Mr. Asare, if you want to see players with fame, go to the division this prestigious organization plays in, the second division, or better still check the first division you would find stars. You are nothing." The general manager said. 

  Asare wanted to lung at him but realized he probably didn't have enough funds to cover the charged if he got sued again, if he had the money he didn't mind beating the crap out of this guy and paying later. He thundered out of the room and headed for his vehicle, his agent wasn't far behind running after him.

  "What was all that in their men?" His agent finally caught up. "I thought you said you had this in the bag already?" Asare was fuming. "Of course I did!!! Oh so we are blaming me for this? Really? Me?" His Agents anger grew as his chest heaved up and down in anger. His job meant him being professional at all times and maintaining his cool but Asare, even though he was and old pal was one of the most difficult people to deal with and he had had it up to the brim with him. He couldn't take it any longer. "Let me let you know Anthony, they were offering you 50k a week, you missed that because of your on pride, not mine, you have only one more life line, and that is Daventry, in a few days we go there, they don't need a trial but they are only willing to offer 30k, You might not realize it yet seeing that you are still on your high horse and is having trouble looking down to see what is really going on I would take the liberty to break things down for you. now you can walk into their office the same way you did here and become a free agent in 3weeks or you can be a man and swallow that stupid pride of yours when we get to Daventry, you act like a professional, do your job, probably stay quiet and let me do all the talking, seeing that you have a way of ruining perfectly good situations with your mouth and sign those papers!" His agent was raging. Seeing to reason and how he might be running out of options... Nodding Asare said." Fine let's go!"

CHAPTER 4



   Xavier!!! "Xavier!!!" Xavier Chika Udoh!!! Hearing his name "I am coming mum!" Xavier heard his name for the 3rd time as he rushed down the stairs. "Breakfast is ready, I have to go to work." His mum had made toast with a glass of orange juice, a woman of African descent who migrated and got a nursing job. Xavier who recently finished high school and was about to be accepted for college even though he hasn't received any letters yet was very smart, a distinctive runner and was put in to train as a young boy at 8 and has been training ever since. He wasn't really a fan of the track event as he found it a bit limiting that all he did and put all the training into was running in a straight line. "Don't forget you have practice today" his mum reminded. "Sure thing ma." He replied. Xavier was born here and was a citizen and even though representing this country on the track one day would be a dream, the idea of it made him nervous. 
 
  Finishing his breakfast, he quickly went through the front door, checking that his mother had gone far enough, he brought out his phone dialing his best friend "hey, what's up? You down for today? Good good! Am on my way now." Taking a quick taxi, he was headed down for the local park where people played football in the morning, he knew he had track training later in the afternoon and soccer always made him stressed out and tired before his practice, which would explain his recent decline in performance as he always got to training weak and worn out but it was something he loved doing and he wasn't ready to give it up just yet.

  Grabbing a bag which he managed to pack both football and track event gears in. He was ready to go.
The taxi dropped right in front of the pitch and waiting outside the park was his friend Olliver Keller who was a strong Daventry fan. Wouldn't let Xavier hear the end of it since Daventry started putting a good performance of late and nearly winning promotion last season, losing in the play offs by a slight margin to Ashford. Xavier enjoyed his enthusiasm though. 
   
    "Hey Olly man, you waiting for me to come whoop your ass in the field before you go in?" Xavier joked. "Say all you want, but you are one of the best to graze this pitch, wait your actually the best player that comes to this park, am not about to get picked by another team without you being in my squad. I rather be in your team than play against you man. Marking you is next to impossible." The slightly scrawny Olliver said beaming with a smile. "Guess what mate..." He put in. "What?" Xavier now curious even though he had a feeling it had something to do with Daventry banter. "Guess who is linked to Daventry next season bro..." Olliver lit up. Rolling his eyes Xavier knew he was right again "no one cared mate". 
   
   "Fucking Asare Anthony, the thunder!!! Absolute god of a striker. Finally got tired of putting up with shit at Retford. With a striker like that...we won't lose the play of this time, hell we might not even have to be in the playoffs. I see an automatic promotion in our future. Olliver rambled on.

    The two went in for a friendly competition of soccer with teams of 6 players each in the small park. With Olliver on the same team as Xavier, they kicked off in a high tempo, causing trouble for there friendly opponents. Olliver cherished playing with Xavier, he always made Olliver look good. He did all the hard work and left the final tap ins for Olliver to take all the glory which made Olliver feel really good about himself. After a few moments of good football their friendly game was over and as always Olliver looked to impress, netting a brace all assisted from Xavier. 

   The Game ended and they slowly walked off the pitch. "Did you see me out there today man? I was on fire...and you where alright." Olliver mocked "Just alright eh?" Xavier and Olliver laughed. "You are so good at this man, I would almost think you should be a Professional footballer. I mean I watch soccer everyday and their are alot of them out there with a professional contract that are way more terrible than you. Not to toot your horn." Olliver added. 

   Getting distracted as he was trying to fixate on a flyer he saw on the wall. As he concentrated trying to read, Olliver voice slowly drowned in the background. 

   "I'm signing up for that! What do you think" Xavier cut Olliver short? " What man?" Olliver came closer to have a better look. " Hell no!" Olliver disregarded the flyer. "A trial at Retford? I rather take a piss butt naked in the middle of the road than watch you play for a shit club like that." Olliver gave the most negative sign of disapproval he could muster up. "My mum would probably kill me if she knew I was trying out for soccer anyway...but am still going through with it"...




                           같

Lorenzo and Guillermo Zalazar had always dreamt of living their home town to see the world or head to Europe and do what they love best, play football, that was rarely going to happen as they were barely surviving in their home town, they couldn't afford to stress their mother who since she lost her husband years ago wasn't holding up well or dealing with things the right way. She had become more aggressive and got angry easily. 

  They loved their mother dearly and tried their best not to get on her nerves in anyway, they were stand up kids and abided by the rules going out to play soccer all day they had to return on time before curfew to get on her good side. 

  Today they had been out playing all day and had forgotten they had to get home in time, there mother was over protective as he felt the streets weren't safe and she didn't mind using a slap to drive her point into you. Lorenzo and Guillermo had been running for a while weaving through the crowded street and trying to get home before she noticed. The two being entirely identical had a full set of curly hair, Guillermo loved to pack his to a ponytail but Lorenzo loved to let his hair fly as he felt the wind rush. 

  On getting home they could hear their mothers voice in the house, sounding like she was shouting at someone. This frightened them and reduced Guillermo's will to want to go in, encouraging Lorenzo with a push, Lorenzo pushed back, he preferred his brother go in first. They both dragged and tussled at the door till they mistakenly flung it wide open. 

  Afraid they had just made things worse they were welcomed by their mothers smile as she was on the phone, "uhun, uhun, s, s, maraviloso!." She replied. 
Ending the call and turning with her eyes beaming " I have good news my son's." 

                          같

   Anthony Asare was on his way to see the Daventry sporting director, he knew he couldn't afford to be late, not this time, he was to meet Dangall Leacock the Daventry manager on his small yacht. The slick and light ship built elegantly and painted pure white showed clear signs it was built for making pleasure trips or racing on water, having sails and was also motor-powered. It had a built in residence offshore on a dock. Beautiful insides with a full bar, a relaxation corner and enough booze to flood a country.
Walking towards the yacht Asare was quickly showed in by the sporting director, "climb on board Mr. Anthony". The director said. Asare didn't want to have a repeat of what happened the last time at Ashford so he decided to show the sporting director some respect, "good morning" he said. "Do I cli...climb in?" Asare gestured towards the boat. "Yes sir." The director said. "Come over and we can head straight to negotiations.

    "Stop frustrating the young man and let him come have some fun carl. Dangall Leacock the Daventry manager shouted delighted from inside the yacht. Walking in Asare could see young ladies in bikini sunbathing and having wine. "now this is the kind of organization I want to be associated with." Asare muttered under his breath. "This people know how to party, they even got a boat."

   "Mr. ASARE!!! Can I call you Anthony?" Dangall asked. "Sure thing" Anthony replied. Dangall was a blonde haired man, full on moustache that covered his mouth, he had dark glasses on and his shirt read yachtsman! Are you a member of the local yacht club?" Asare asked. "Na, but it does get me treated like a club member." Dangall chuckled mischievously. They both laughed together. Asare's laugh died down really fast, he wasn't really sure if he should be having this much chatter with his boss to be, he was supposed to keep it professional but Dangall was making it really hard.

    "I just thought you would be signing my contract by now with the director since he makes the transfer decisions." Asare sounded unsure. "Ahh you people and business all the time, I don't know how things where run in Retford where you came from but in this club I make the decisions, am not going to let anyone take a big shit on me. I feel running a club is way more than contracts Anthony, it's why I chose you, you're a miss understood young man who wants to have fun like me. Not like Carl out there who couldn't spell fun if I gave him a spelling card that's why I told you to leave your agent behind, when it comes to uptight people, I can't deal." Dangall was loose. " Have fun aboard my vessel."

Dangall said handing Asare a glass of wine and filling it up. Asare tool a light sip and dropped the cup right back on the table. "Come on boy, you can do better than that." Dangall said as he lifted the wine glass back up for Asare.

     Asare knew Dangall was just buttering him up as a way to convince him to choose Daventry over Ashford since they couldn't offer as much in wage as Ashford was offering him, but he was willing to play along. Besides they didn't know his Ashford deal had already fallen through. If he was going to play it, he might as well go all the way and really enjoy it. He chugged down the wine glass as Dangall grinned and nodded in satisfaction. 

   "This baby has seen some good days, drink and have fun, by the end of the day we can talk business, okay?" Dangall relaxed. Cracking a smile Asare agreed. "I could get used to this"

CHAPTER 5


Kyle Webb had been spending all day and night since he got his weird dream trying to figure out if the people he saw in his dreams where real. But that was the least of his problems. His agent just broke the news to him that he had a chance at being a professional manager for a third tier team which came as a great shock to him because few weeks ago he found it hard to successfully retain an assistant head coach role in a league that was two tiers below his now newly offered contract. He had read speculations about Retford finances but that wasn't going to stop him, he was willing to risk it all and give it all he had. This was a last chance at him redeeming himself.

  Not too long into his thoughts his mum came in. "I do not want to put too much pressure on you because of your recent traumatic experience but am a little worried you didn't think to come to me about your problems and losing your job. You know am not one to watch the news? The negativity that flies off That screen is enough to kill anyone." His mum said with a worried look in her eyes. "Mum I didn't want you to worry, am a grown man, I can take care of myself. I was going to get a job eventually, something was going to crop up at some point, it's not like I was going to stay unemployed mum." Kyle added with a smile trying to ease his mums worry. "I still can't help but be worried, you know I could have talked to some of your late Dad's friends, they could have really helped...you need to talk to me about things like this Kyle." Kyle rolling his eyes replied " mum I don't want things getting handed to me. I would be fine I promise. "Kyle grumbled. "Fine, let me quickly get you some good food boy, this hospital meal is absolute poison." His mum said walking out of the room.
  
   While still thinking on his hospital bed he heard a slight knock before the door made a little creek before opening.
Ian was at the door he came in followed by a strange lady behind him. Gorgeous he thought to himself. Ian walked closer to him "kyle meet Paula McNamara, she is here to confirm your appointment as the new Retford head coach. "Nice to meet you Mr. Webb Kyle." Paula looked in doubt at Kyle's medical situation. "The doctor said he would be out by tomorrow". Ian assured her as he sensed the doubt in her tone. Paula gave a slight nod.

   On seeing the new manager "Kyle Webb" he thought to herself, he was cute kind of, but she wasn't one to mix business with pleasure even though there was something about him that made her want to know him more. 

   She offered him a group of papers in a file. "Sign here, here, and here," she said with a light smile. "I would like to formally welcome you to Retford. The board would like to assure you that you can rely on their full backing as they are looking forward to working with you. She smiled from ear to ear.

   "You guys needed me so bad you couldn't wait for me to get on my feet now could you" Kyle tried to break the ice with a little humor, noticing the tense reaction in the room he added. "Tough crowd I see".

   He knew something was up at how easy he got the job but he was still ignorant to read the papers to his transfer. "there would be a press conference for you tomorrow". Paula added. And Ian followed up with a nod assisted by an insincere smile.
"Something is up?" Kyle thought. Staring confused at the two of them Paula turned her gaze to Ian. "I thought we hashed out everything?" Ian looked at her confused. "Didn't you tell him" Paula added. "Tell me what?" Kyle started getting scared. Ian moving his head from left to right shrugged. "He was sick didn't have the time to". Raising an eyebrow Kyle quickly got curious. "Due to the club's financial problems previous staff members of the former regime where not retained but you can add some staffs should you choose to bring your own coaching staffs; you would not be allowed any transfer funds but a wage budget would be put in place. You can't sign players unless on free transfer. It's in the contract you signed. There would also be no general manager, the club cannot afford one now so you are solely responsible for offloading players that you have placed on the unwanted list and the club doesn't have a head of youth development so you would be handling loaning of players to be developed". Paula said quickly while stepping out of the room as fast as she could. " what!!???" Kyle looked at Ian eyes wide!!! What have you gotten me into? I just signed a 3 years' contract that involves me not making any signings as a manager till the club has finances to aid me! You just set me up to fail!" Kyle shouted being extremely furious at Ian " I knew they were in financial turmoil but I didn't know it was this bad!".

   "Look kid. You wanted to get back into football so bad and I gave you a solution" Ian added " come on Kyle this is a chance to show them what you got, no one is asking for a performance or a miracle, all you have to do is not get relegated...they have youth players for you to work with.
  
  "Don't play that card with me Bates, you know their players are shit and they have the worst youth system in the 3rd tier." Kyle still furious.
  "At least give it a thought, this is an opportunity of a lifetime for you" Bates added leaving the room.

  Kyle thought to himself. He had to find a solution. He needed a plan, his first plan was to gather the best eleven of released players and create a fully analyzed data on their strengths and weaknesses to know how to play them for the whole season. He thought about it and quickly started on his researched.
 
                            같
  Back at the Retford home ground Sheridan Layne the chairman of the club sat in his chair waiting very agitated for his financial managers return. His phone rang, rushing to his phone he quickly picked it, but it was just the pitch landscaper asking for the pitch dimensions for the upcoming season. "Can we talk about this later" Sheridan replied in a frustrated manner, hanging up and pacing once more. The phone rang again, he rushed over again and picked. "Mr. layne. Its Paula". Heaving a sigh layne added. " Did he sign it?" 
 "He very much did Paula added, sir, I do not think he is the man for the job, I personally don't think he has what it takes". Paula implied.
" We have little options Paula we can't afford another of you or Ians world class recommendations". Sheridan hung up and punched the air his problems where moving out of the way little by little. He was ready to go home."

   Getting home Sheridan was welcomed home by his little girl of 5, his older daughter Asher Layne was off to college and was studying psychology. His little daughter rushed towards him for a hug as he heading in the house, Retford Chairman lived in an acre worth of mansion left for him by his father, he headed straight for the dining where his wife was munching snacks she microwaved from the fridge. She wasn't one to cook. "Your early today? Eventually got tired of trying to fix that club and gave up on it? She joked. "Oohh my dear Carolyne, if I could, I would have a long time ago, but I couldn't do that to my dad's legacy, besides, I love that club to much". Sheridan laughed off. "I know, we all love it too, I had to at least try, who knows, you might have sold it and got home early and I might have gotten my husband back." She smirked, she loved her husband but she wouldn't feel bad at all if he lost the club, it has cost her more pain than joy, she barely ever sees her husband this day and after the incident of a player making advances at her daughter years back, she made sure none of her kids went for their practice without her. "You know I try when I can". Sheridan landed her a kiss grabbing her behind.

   Heading for the bathroom to take a shower. "Need to freshen up and head back to the team, we just confirmed our new manager". Sheridan talked as he walked away. "Remember to make time for your daughter's art project!" She yelled trying to get him to hear as he drifted father away into the mansion "wonder who the victim is this time." She muttered under her breath.
 

                            같

Kyle had been on the computer all through yesterday night and today and had been watching previous matches of recently released players which he thought might fit his profile for his club but hadn't been able to muster up good results. Through his research he was only able to find 20-year-old Italian goal keeper "Marco Bracanto" who had been released of his duties on his contract expiring. He had conceded 15 goals in 10 games. It was very poor statistics for a goal keeper having being scored at least 1.5 times a game. But on further research he felt the youngster might have been receiving too much sticks from the fans and the club as criticism flew his way. The kid had a bad defense to play with and was just treated as a scape goat from his club.

  Kyle felt with a little harder work he could bring out the best in his first signing, but other than that he has no other clue of who to sign, even though clubs make mistakes sometimes on not spotting the right talent, they are most of the time very correct on who they choose to let go. And besides they have coaching staffs and performance analyst that keep track of things like this.

 He would leave the hospital today and even though he was going to be on crutches he had an appointment to meet the new team je would be coaching. He was slightly nervous about it but it didn't matter. He had to go see them.

  The nurse walked in with a wheelchair followed by Paula and then his mum they helped him up and into the wheel chair. "You should be on your feet in two days" the nurse stated. " Your legs are perfectly fine. It was more of a hit to the head than damage to the body but the wheel chair is a precautionary measure." she added wheeling him out of the hospital.

  Right outside the hospital was Ian Bates who slid in a set of crutches into the back seat of the car he parked outside, a silver sedan and held the door open for him to enter the back seat. "You comfortable their boy?" Ian stared back at him before turning on the ignition. " Am dropping you and Paula at the Retford arena before heading straight to your home to drop your mother. Stay sharp, don't let the boys intimidate you..."he added as he started driving." That's the first way to start losing the dressing room." Ian said taking a turn. "If you have to teach him his job perhaps his appointment was a way worse decision than I thought". Paula made a stern glance at Ian. " What? Am just dropping a few pointers". Ian raised an eyebrow in reply to Paula. "I would be fine, I know what I am doing". Kyle said. "And you have a plan in place for the next 3 games left to play in before the season draws to a close? We have to win at least one to survive relegation this season." Paula turned back at him curiously. " This club means everything to me, my dad used to work here, and even though things aren't as they seem, I am willing to do all I can to make it better, now if you're the best man for the job I would give you my whole backing. But if you even as much as ruin my club any worse than it already is...you don't want to know what might do to you". Paula threatened. Kyle and his mum exchanging glances before staring back at Paula. "I have a plan Kyle added, gulping. "In fact I even tabled out a free agent I would like you to bring in at the end of the season, he might not play an integral role this season but he would be of great help next season." Kyle implied. "What did I tell you, the kid knows what he is doing" Ian added. "I would E-mail the details over to you later." Kyle managed a nervous smile. "This club has no transfer obligations, how I about I E-mail you the injury update instead?" Paula fired back with a smug on her face.


                           같

Jake, and Cox were getting a ride from Jakes grandfather Floyd Unwin to training, The white haired man had glasses on and a slight hunch to his posture. He had a thing for berets. His chin was filled with stubbles of white hair, but overall he was a saint to the kids. today 19-year-old home grown " Jake Unwin."  Had been called up to the first team at the beginning of the season and even though he was third in the pecking order for strikers at the club due to lack of players, the actions of Anthony Asare had put him in second to retiring legend Isaac Badalotti. And he had a feeling he had to get on the good side of the new head coach to gain a starting position. He was really nervous about meeting the new coach. His best friend "Bill Cox" had just been promoted to the first team to fix lack of squad depth, He had a boyish ear length blonde curl to match his pale skin Unlike his friend Unwin Jake who was a low cut brunette in contrast to his slightly more pale skin. They where both towering and very tall. Even with their large physic, they still had thier childish charm that made anyone who spent a little amount of time with them quickly have a clear idea about their age. They were sitting side by side hoping to get game time under the new head coach.

    Back at the Retford albion training ground the teams had been informed of a new manager coming into play and a team meeting was put in place. The players waiting nervously, some a bit anxious and some not caring enough to give a shit about who the new manager was. Retford had 5 legends awaiting a chance to complete the season before retirement, there best striker Anthony Asare had decided not to show up for training or any team meetings again as he had just had transfer offers from rival clubs accepted and knew his future did not lie here. 

Unwin Jake's grandfather Floyd pulled up in the parking lot of the Retford training center. "Alright boy's we are here. " Floyd said. "You boys go do you, and Unwin, don't let those people push you around, I see you train, including you Cox, you boys got something in you, those lots can't just see it, they won't give you boys a start now would they? If you want I could walk in there and have a word with the new coach if you like. " The old man persisted. "That won't be necessary grandpa we are positive this is our time." Jake said. "I know your father doesn't think so but you're going to be a star one day boys, now don't go forgetting your old man who took you to training every day when you make it."

    "Never Mr. Floyd." Cox smiled. Unwin's father wasn't really happy for him playing football and didn't want to be part of it his granddad mostly gave him the support he needs and always cheered him on even for the slightest things. 

     The Retford training ground didn't have much to it, it was a small pitch that slightly went over the minimum requirements for a soccer pitch and had no stands. The training ground was a few miles from the actual stadium where Retford had their home games. The old training arena was barely in shape and had not gone through renovations in a long time. It might have been a good training ground in the old days but development in the football world had slowly rendered the clubs facilities out of date. A lonely stand stood at the east end and a small building beside it that held a changing room. 

   Sheridan walked into the dressing room where all the players sat in anticipation. He was on the phone. "Any minute now". He said as he dropped the call. " Alright boys your new head coach would be up in two minutes. You would treat him with absolute respect". Anyone who doesn't agree with his terms faces me!" Sheridan wasn't done talking when Paula assisted Kyle Webb into the room with the aid of crutches. "Good morning..." Kyle Webb wasn't done talking when club legend Greg Hill The bald bearded pallor colored man quite Stout in nature blurted out. "this dude is like 10 years younger than me!!!  I am a retiring player at 36 I can't listen to this guy!? Am out of here, you can bench me for the rest of the season, it's just three games and we are obviously fucked with this guy in charge." 

    "You are not going anywhere!" Sheridan blocked his path. "It's ok." Kyle turned to Sheridan, he turned back to the team. "Is there anyone else that thinks they can't work in this set up? It's no use keeping players who won't play with their heart." Kyle added. Following Gregg Hill, Fernando piergiacomi 38 and Sebastien feuillaasier 36 walked out as these older players didn't find it comfortable working under someone who was managing a club at 28 with little or no experience.
 
 Kyle Webb slightly worried at not having the backing of the senior players was okay with the players who stayed back started his team talk while Sheridan Layne went out to answer a call. On being half way out the door he was stopped by Gregg Hill who followed his down the hall way after walking out on Kyle. "What do you want Greg?" Sheridan asked with a bit of fury at the player's reaction to the new head coaches appointment. "What do you see in that guy? Believe it or not I was going to be a better option than that wierdo you put there. What does he have that I don't?" Gregg asked. "A continental license? 5 wins in a row at his previous club?" Sheridan replied sarcastically. "5 wins in the 5th tier boss, this is a way bigger league. We have four injured players and I know this team more than anyone can believe it or not I just want what is best for the team." Gregg added. "You proved otherwise when you walked out."  Sheridan implied. Sheridan didn't know why he was putting so much faith in this young coach that he knew very little about, maybe it was because it was his last chance at redemption. If this bid to revive the club failed, he would have to accept offers and sell the club to consortium.

     There were angry vultures flying around waiting for him to fail and he didn't want to lose a family legacy. He had to sort it out even if it meant assisting Kyle in any way he can. He entered his office and looking down the hall noticed that Kyle was done with his team meeting and was heading to his office. They had a lot to talk about but he wasn't about to sound desperate to the coach, he was going to be assertive and come across in the most logical manner possible.

 On heading towards the chairman's office Kyle was immediately called back by a faint voice "boss" turning, he had to admit the name had a ring to it. At least a few players here showed him respect.

   Jake Unwin hurried towards him. "Boss. A quick word please" he said with a little jitter in his voice. Following him behind was Bill Cox, the youth players most have mustered a lot of courage to approach him. Or maybe he wasn't that intimidating. Or maybe he wasn't intimating at all. "Boss I was wondering, it's a new era and we young players who barely got playing time under the previous coach were wondering if we could get a chance at the first team looking at how bleak the squad is in depth." Unwin stated. "I mean if we don't get an opportunity now, we might never get it again" Cox chipped in. 

"There is always positions up for grabs boys but shirts are not handed to people in my regime, you have to work for it." Kyle thought of the only solution as he barely knew this players, and who knows they might be good or the previous coach might have been right to bench them.

  Kyle headed straight into his office. "Take a seat." Sheridan said.
Drawing a seat for Kyle.

   Kyle was a bit nervous for his meeting with Sheridan.
"We should get down to business. First of all, I would like you to know that we wouldn't have hired you if we didn't feel you were the best person to propel the club forward." Sheridan added.

       "I really appreciate you taking the time out of your busy schedule to welcome me in and standing up for me with the others." Kyle made an appreciative gesture with his hand. Sheridan laughed off the idea of a busy schedule in his mind as the club had literally nothing going for them but losing players, he managed a straight face for Kyle though.

    "This club obviously has a great history. I would like for you to know the players well first, so you have training first thing tomorrow, next The club's basic philosophy due to our financial situation is developing players through the youth system, The fans love and appreciate it when a new head coach takes out time to attend a press conference as this is tradition." Sheridan added.

      "Yes I would love the fans to see me in action, am a little worried about the journalist though, but I would hold the press conference if that's what you want." Kyle said. "You say it like you have a choice Mr. Webb, this press conference is happening. 

     We need to show the fans the club is doing fine and is not getting kicked off the league in anyway." Sheridan fired back. "It's nothing, they just want to know a few things, like particularly focus on certain conversation like our relationship, so just be careful with their line of questioning." Sheridan realized he might have come on too strong and decided to cool things down. 

        "Actually right after the press conference I Decided that if I didn't have enough funds to sign players I could make good Use of the payroll budget, its why am proposing we induct new players and see what talents we have in the local area, I suggest...
a trial day."

CHAPTER 6



Kyle was prepared for his first day of training. He was back at the rusty Retford training ground for the second time. The old ground was still in good shape and had the stripes of black and white on its stands, the turf was clean with only a few dried leaves to litter the fine tuned grasses of the pitch. Kyle had shown up earlier than anyone else today to training, he was more than excited about his new job. Laying cones around and measuring the distance between them he carefully set things up for training.

The club finances didn't let him have flexibility at adding extra staff members, he had to slave to set most of this up. He went around arranging dummies for freekick routines and carefully planned out tactics. He felt a little guilt at lifting a thing or two from gis former coaching job but then again, that was the point in being an assistant coach, you learn and you improve on the knowledge you gain, besides Lancashires new coach was bent on his own tactics and threw away everything that Kyle had learnt from the coach before him. Kyle had not done much of his assignment before getting the job, he barely knew the players and he didn't have time to go over old matches to determine a suitable style of play for his team. He wanted to see things for himself. 

    Kyle was distracted from his thoughts by a noise from a distance. Squinting his eyes as he stared towards the horizon, the image got clearer the closer the person came. Kyle could make out the image of Bradley Brooks. his pale golden blonde hair and well cultured side burns matched his well built physic, Bradley was tall, had a killer smile with dimples to go with it. As good looking as he was, he was one to dwell on his appearance, he barely noticed it. He was hours earlier than the time set for training and Kyle couldn't help but wonder what he was running away from at home that would make him want to stick around the club so much. First to training and judging by his status in the team he definitely would be the last to leave. Even he wasn't that dedicated. And he really wanted this job.

    "Let me give you a hand with that." Bradley said gesturing with his arms stretched at Kyle who lifted mutiple shooting tragets. Kyle gladly handing him a few said a quick thank you. "I'm Bradley, Bradley Brooks, you might have heard of me. I am one of the players to be retiring by the end of the season, I am thinking of going into coaching myself, I just got my national license, I would be applying for continental ones soon." Bradley said as he tried reaching for a hand shake but decided not to, considering the load he had just collected from Kyle that filled his hands. "Nice to meet you." Kyle said, dropping a nod, realizing how impossible it was for them to shake hands right now.

     "I won't say I don't appreciate the enthusiasm but, why are you so early to practice? It doesn't start till and hour and..." Bradley shrugged. "You are early aren't you?" Smilling as he took a little more load off Kyle and headed for the goal post. It almost felt like he was avoiding the question. Kyle stared at him strangely as he walked away helping him set things up.

    It didn't take long before the players started coming in. The younger newly promoted squad where on time, and older players showed up later. Kyle could notice a few amount of the squad players where missing. Some of them had not showed up to training. 

    He had to know who was who and who would be part of his first team. Still bothered about the fact that Gregg Hill, Fernando piergiacomi and Sebastien feuillaasier still didn't show up for training as these 3 players felt they were probably too good to be coached by someone of his statue and inexperience. He wasn't going to let that weigh him down and he was willing to work with the ones who showed up.

   Staring towards his left he could see the younger players showing more spirit in an attempt to woo the head coach. Calling the team together in a single hand movement he started off, "I do not know about your previous coach's selections and I did not ask for a data report sheet on previous selections. I would like to assess my first team picks from performances and what I see for myself, there are places and positions up for grabs so in today's training you would show me why you deserve to be on the team." Kyle stated in an attempt to commands respect from his team.

  "We would start with basic drills, We've got a selection of training routines focused on strength, speed and technique, after that we would try to determine our set piece takers so there would be penalty drills, free kick practice, and corners."

   Deep into training he could notice extra effort being put together by newly promoted Bill Cox and Kieran Harvey, Jake Unwin was showing great promise in his jumping ability and pace, " this young players actually had something about them. Wondering why the previous coach never gave them a chance, he quickly brushes the idea of going into his first game with a set of youth players. No way in hell is he risking a life changing opportunity like this with 19 year olds, maybe he might give them their debut if the team got a comfortable lead but till then, taking risk wasn't his go to. This was a job he wanted to keep.

    As the younger squad showed there talents on the pitch. Kyle could notice Bradley standing at the corner having a call. Kyle would naturally have gone over to him to tell him he wasn't supposed to have a phone in training but thought ill of it. Let the guy have his break, he would be retiring in a few weeks and besides, its not like he could doubt his dedication. Kyle keeping his stare at Bradley noticed his expression change as he went into a heated argument with the other person on the line, he seemed to shout something into the phone before hanging up and strolling back into the pitch. Kyle couldn't help but be curious, he jumped at the opportunity as Bradley walked past him. "What was that about?" He asked. "Oh you know, wife stuff, a little lovers spat." Bradley replied. Kyle about to jump into a protest was cut short as he swallowed his words. Bradley had jogged off immediately not giving him a chance to speak.

     If his players weren't sound mentally then he might have a big problem. Bradley went back into training and started his drills, Seeing Bradley work and do what he was good at was a sight for sore eyes, he was brilliant with every first touch and his control was impeccable, passes where well timed and his tenacity towards the game was without question, if it wasn't for his non yielding injuries, a player of this talent could have been in the first division. 

    Kyle realising Bradley was the least of his worries dropped his concerns about the initial call. Seeing Bradley do what he was good at was assurances enough, may be experience was as much a good thing as the spirit of youth. He definitely still had alot to learn, their was no way he was playing any youth player over Bradley in the game to come. The likes of striker Isaac Badalotti was on target every time he sliced a shot. The youth was good and he had to give them props to thier effort but the older players where better. 



                           같

Press conference day and The bright light covered the room and a few technical team members set up the microphones and speakers, moving wires around in different places. The press hovered hungrily, even if the club had fallen from what it used to be and now held on to its past glory it still found a way to produce news juicy enough for the press to circle around. News channel representatives trooped in as time passed, most of them sent at least a two man team each other's had more members to spare for a 3rd division team. Their wasn't much news going around this market period and the top division transfer market was very quiet, making the press put much of their concentration into getting what ever news they can from what ever team had to offer it. Plus the idea of a one time great club hiring a non experienced manager was juicy and hiring one this young was a gold mine. 

    Kyle Webb was feeling very nervous, even as an assistant coach he was never allowed to take over press conferences. "Do I look ok?" He nervously asked looking at Paula who gave him an assuring nod. "Ok am going" he managed a jittery smile. " Wait!" Paula exclaimed while making last adjustment to his tie. "The way you look today tells if the club is doing okay or if we are really close to bankruptcy as the press say we are; we have to show a united front in front of them." Paula assertive. 
  
  Kyle had to admit, Paula being authoritative was a bit of a turn on, she was extremely beautiful and sexy but he had never looked at her that way, or maybe it was just his mind trying to create a distraction for what was to come and how nervous he felt about it.

   33-year-old Club captain Bradley Brooks walked to his side also in a suit. "I would be assisting you today mate. I know how nervous you must feel. I have been doing this for a while and I am still nervous every time." Kyle return his reassurance with a smile and wondered why he needed to be here again. He probably had other things to do and didn't need to get involved with staff runnings, he couldn't say he didn't appreciate the help but he found the players dedication a bit worrying. 

    Bradley Brooks naturally wouldn't accept having a way younger coach but with his career nearing its end he had his time to rethink, fighting things is totally unecessary and if the new coach actually had something in him even if it was enough to meet half the requirements set aside by the team and save them from relegation, he wasn't about to question him. Bradley loved Retford with all his heart, he was a very sentimental fan and somewhat grew to accept what ever decision the club made. If not for his reoccurring injury, he would have put more of his efforts into the club rather than opt-in for retirement. Football brought alot of distractions for him, it was a way for him to runaway from all his troubles and find solace on the pitch, spending most of his time on the pitch meant he avoided major problems he had at home. 

    Patting kyle on both shoulders. "Let go get them and show them this club still has some fight in it...coach." he added with a wink. 

   At least one of the older players accepted him. Taking a deep breaths and holding it in he walked out to flashing cameras and what looked like thirty to forty people if not fifty. He couldn't count. Wondering to himself, isn't this media attention a little too much for a third tier club? Where they all hear because they wanted to see him fail? Apparently an inexperienced coach signing for a club on the brink of extinction was juicy news for them.

    Sitting down beside club captain Bradley Brooks he sat in anticipation of the questions about to be fired at him. Bradley seemed confident next to the extremely nervous looking Kyle Webb, He had an eye for the camera keeping a none shaking smile of reassurance all the while while Hoping the knew head coach had the slightest idea what he was doing. 

  It didn't take long before questions started rolling in...


"What are your initial thoughts on taking the Retford job?"
"Umnn ... first I would like to say that I really love it here, the atmosphere is wonderful and the players are good people." He stated. Kyle thought to himself, " maybe this wasn't so bad questions aren't really as tough as he did expect."

"Do you feel your ambitions are matched by the chairman?"

"Ya! Very much, we are both moving on the right track to setting this club in the position am sure it Should be. In previous years we used to be in a higher position and not in this league, situations have changed over the years but we are willing to get right back on the horse and get back to the position we are meant to be in."

"Do you think expectations asked of you this season are fair and realistic?"

"Yes of course, avoiding relegation isn't an unrealistic possibility for a club of this stature.

"What made you choose Retford? Did you have any reservations about taking the job?"

"Umnn ... " Kyle felt dumb founded aa he hadn't actually thought of what he had in common with this club. He couldn't possibly say he had no other choice, or that his agent tricked him into signing thinking he got a good deal. None of those answers made any sense at the moment. "It... it's a bit personal if I have to say. Next question please?" He could feel his seat getting hotter.

You have taken the step of being the head coach despite just being 28. Critics suggest that you would struggle to command respect in the dressing room. With few players older than you?

He genuinely didn't have an answer to that, three of the older players have already walked out on him "Next question please"... he could feel his voice shaking.

Any decisions regarding coaching staffs? 

"Erh." He had little or no coaching staffs and the club won't provide him finances now to get the right staffs, he didn't know what to reply. Bradley noticing his confused look broke in. " We won't be taking any more questions sorry. As the two of them walked away. Further questions came in the background.

"Does the squad have the necessary qualities to achieve your target?"


"No comments" said Bradley.


"Do you have any plans to change the financial situation at the club? "
"Are rumors of the club being close to extinction a possibility?" 

Walking back stage after the press conference Kyle's heart thumped, he could see Paula storming away in anger. He wasn't expecting things to be this hard, he didn't Know the press had it out for him, stading still in confusion as fear over threw him he realized no one was rooting for him, the press, they all wanted him to fail, they wanted to be the first to the headlines when he slips up. Sheridan turned to him. "Don't make me look foolish for giving you this opportunity. Your first game as head coach starts tomorrow and you better find a way to fix this!"

                          같

       Ian Bates walked into his agency, the agency he worked for was a very big and renowned one, they handled players contracts and finances for all levels and division in the league, they where the go to for big stars in the game. he had worked for this firm for ages handling player deals and top clientele. He was a veteran here. Bates was part of the first staffs who layed the foundation for the growth of the agency. Looking at the large building now it was filled with younger and more vibrant youngsters walking around horridly. Answering calls and going about thier businesses. 

    Heading for the elevator he pushed the button and walked in. Heading for the first floor, he was to meet the head of the firm because he had been called for a private meeting with the firm owner.

        Heading for the office he greeted fellow agents in their cubicle, as proud as he was, he was one of the only agents in this establishment with an office. His firm handled player finances and also helped negotiate deals for contract renewals and prevent players from been ridden by clubs.
        
        Walking into his firm owner's office whose name tag read Mr. Connor Mc geady. Connor turned towards him, the almost 60-year-old man who should have given this job a rest and taking a retirement at his age wouldn't just leave the establishment. 
        
        "Still clogging their old tram car?" Ian joked. "Mr. Bates, your old yourself. Not too far from me. If I die today, you coming with me. " Connor fired back. "That brings about the reason for this meeting Bates." 
        
        "You're retiring sir. " Bates lit up. "In your dreams, if I left this office, you would all run it to the ground." Connor gave a grim expression towards Ian. "Mr. Bates I would like to tender a preposition to you."
        
        Bates on hearing this smiled again, the idea of a promotion seemed like a long overdue issue. He had giving his all to this establishment and has not been recognized for a while now. Maybe the old man had finally come to his senses? Maybe they were finally going to appreciate his worth, who knows. He couldn't wait to hear what Connor had to say.
        
        "We have to let you go Bates, am sorry but you're not as good as you used to be, back in the days you were a wild horse closing deals, this day you have been on a steady bad run with only a handful of irrelevant clients. "Connor said.

        Bates looking confused and furious at the same time could only muster one word. "What?!?" He had more than a handful of clients. "Mr. Connor I have more than a handful of clients, I have served this organization for more than 10 years and have never complained." Bates said. " 10 beautiful years Bates and you were always good on your salary, we never owed you for ones and always issued out the occasional bonus." Connor fired back.

       "I do not deserve to be treated this way. " Bates said. " I understand the situation Mr. Bates, its why we won't be firing you but we would be telling the other staffs you decided to go on an easy retirement, or you resigned, which ever suits you. We choose to treat your dismissal with the utmost respect Bates. " Connor made a comeback with his reply.
       
       "I retire? Then what next? Huh? I sit at home all day and do what?! Mow the lawn? Do dishes? " Bates stared at Connor. " Entirely up to you Bates. Whatever you choose to do with your free time is up to you and entirely not my business. " Connor seemed to have a reply for whatever Bates threw at him, his dismissal was going to be imminent and cannot be changed.

       "I have good clientele lists and prove a good asset to do this organization. "Bates anger built up. With all due respect Bates your client lists are 3rd to fifth division players who can barely muster a good deal and broke club Retford who haven't made signings in ages. Handling youth contacts isn't being a good agent Bates. The only good client you had, Asare just fired you, making a call to us about how incompetent he feels you are, we had to set him up with a new agent. You have no fight left in you Bates stop forcing the issue. " Connor said.

       Bates in shock said " you gave away my client? To who? A new kid? To who?!? " Bates was getting very aggressive. Mr. Bates it would be very much appreciated if you kept you voice than and stayed calm. " Connor was adamant. " Fuck that! " Bates said flinging the desktop screen on Connors office to the ground. "Fuck you company and fuck everyone". he said. "You are getting violent Mr. Bates, I might have to call security." Connor said dialing his land line on his office table.
       
       Bates turned in aggression, walking off to his office. He went in and with the aggression in him, went at smashing anything he found, and anything that related to the company, he was going to cause as much damage as possible before he left his godamn place. Picking up a vase and throwing the glass at the wall, it shattered in pieces, trying to pick up his heavy desk and topple it over he put his efforts to it but the desk won't budge. He went straight for the computer on the desk, smashing the monitors screen and throwing the key board at the wall he picked a left over soda on his desk and turned it over on the plugged CPU. Taking a step back to admire his work he panted rigorously unable to control his breathing. Staring up through his glass office door he could see the staffs outside all gathered around his office staring inside as they watched him act like a mad man. Turning his gaze further behind he could see a younger staff dialing for security, she had fear in her eyes at how irrational he was acting. He noticed office security making a quick response and heading for him where two men in their bright blue uniform and black pants, whispering something at each other they hurried towards his office. 

    Connor Mcgeady now leaving his office gestured towards Bates office for the security to deal with the nuisance he was causing. Bates tried to reach for his office door to lock it but they where faster and stronger than his feeble old body. They stormed into his office, one Nicely telling him. "You need to come with us sir." Bates having in mind he wasn't going down without a fight shook is head. The order tried to reach for him but Bates fought him of, trying to push him away, the other security officer grabbed on to him, dragging him off the premises. 

    It wasn't too long before he was standing in front of the building he now used to work for, his hands on both waist, feeling both conflicted and confused. He wondered how he got here in the first place, this morning he went into his office with high hopes and hours later he was leaving confused not knowing what his next step was going to be... 

CHAPTER 7

  It was game day Kyle's long awaited debut as a manager, this could either be a dream day for him or turn out to be a nightmare in a blink of an eye. He had already given people reason to doubt him with bad press conference and he needed results today to change things and turn his fortune. A good result today would mean a clean slate for him.

   Today Retford face off with Leamington being a very difficult fixture as Leamington stood at the top half of the table in 4th while Retford where avoiding relegation battles. It was an away game in the Leamington Stadium, the 30,000 capacity Stadium was a bright green with a touch of white around it, sponsor ship banners filled the rich clubs Stadium. And the media came in numbers for this grand occation. The Leamington fans where loud in thier cries and chants, loud enough to deafen and wound their opponents spirit. 


  He was ready to do all it took to succeed at this club but he didn't know how he was going to go about it with little or no resources.

    Kyle had just finished his pep talk with the team and the players where coming out in anticipation of their first game under their new manager. His lineup today had left him with little options to pick from as club star player Anthony Asare and club legends Gregg hill and two others were missing from the squad, that was four good players that could have changed his fortune today.

    Regardless of Unwin's effort in training he had gone for a way more experienced player upfront in Isaac Badalotti, and fielded retiring player Bradley Brooks in the midfield to help control things. Due to Sebastien feuillaasier rebelling alongside Gregg Hill, Kyle was forced to stick with inexperienced goal keeper Anderson McGowan and things weren't looking great for him, he was hoping for a little something from lady luck. He really needed it, looking at the newspaper he had in his hands about his press conference he got a little jittery while re-reading. He had been reading the lines over and over since the review was published.

  He knew about the saying don't read the paper or go online till after a game or probably never as peoples comment might change your perception and damping future performances but he couldn't help it.

  He wanted to know what people thought of him and how the press had portrayed him to the fans. He had to take a glance even if it was just a tiny peek.


The headlines read.
DESPERATION OR PERCEPTION?
"In a Surprise move. Not much of a big one as at that but Retford albion have hired Webb Kyle as their new head coach."
The 28-year-old is reportedly delighted to be given the opportunity to hone his leadership skills at the Retford Complex and the raven's supporters will certainly be hoping for a change in recent results and that he can take them to new heights despite the fact that he has never been a head coach before. The one-time player had a short career droughted by injuries and a short stint as assistant manager for Lancashire. He replaced previous head coach Markus Schulz.

Kyle Webb meets the media
The new head coach seemed clueless to solving certain problems at the club and looks to be a rush by move by the club.


   "You shouldn't let those articles bother you" Bradley whispered to him before jogging past him into the field. Getting a hold of himself he quickly went over to exchange handshakes with the opposing team's manager. Walking back to his stand his bench looked scanty as very few players stood up to the occasion today, he also wasn't going to let that tear his spirit down today. Retford Came out into the pitch in their boyish Black and white stripes and black shorts while Leamington wore their proud green stripes. Today was going to be a good day for him and nothing was going to change that. Or so he thought.

   Turning towards the left he could see Leamington fans jarring boos at him, that didn't affect him much because he understood football and duties of a fan... their job was to weaken him physiologically and he wasn't falling for that. 

     One thing he most definitely fell for was him staring directly at a female figure with a vip pass right behind the Leamington bench. "Selina?" He muttered under his breath. He couldn't believe his eyes, was Selina Silvanei in the stands today because she heard he was coaching today? The sun beams bounced off her dark hair and her skin always tanned was still as smooth as ever. She wore her heavy make up as always and dawned the extreme beauty she was known for. Did his ex-girlfriend come to show him support on his debut, he couldn't believe it as a little joy mixed with a confidence boost flooded his veins. He decided to walk up to her. He didn't make it far though a few steps and she was in the arm of a Leamington's number 6, he couldn't believe it. She wasn't kidding when she said she had moved on and was dating someone on the phone, or maybe he didn't remember her saying it because he was drunk then. Trying to figure out who the player was. He took out time to try and spot out the name behind the kit from a distance "J?" Is that a J? "J.E... fuck! She was with J.E Sanders! He couldn't curtail his emotions.

   J.E Saunders had inflicted the injury that ended his career. The towering center back was intimidating and not one to be messed with. His brown hair matched his brown eyes and extremely large figure. Kyle thought to himself...why would she do that? Of all people? She knew what he did to him.
  
  Raising his head, he saw Saunders jog back into the pitch and all the while slowly staring a glance at him and dropping a wink.
He was startled and in shock an unable to move, his legs couldn't carry him, he slowly walk back to his seat and sat down not moving a muscle, eyes stuck to the game.

   The first half kicked off with Leamington starting play. They were dominating in the game and Retford where barley getting touches on the ball, Bradley Brooks was running like a mad man and yelling out instructions to the younger players that surrounded him, trying to get them all in synchronization. It wasn't working out as they had not had much time to improve on their team cohesion as team.

  Isaac Badalotti looked lost upfront and alone as there was very little supply of passes to the Retford striker. The dark haired short striker had a large moustache like he had a squirrel attached to his face and a stout figure. What he did not have in height he made up for in speed and strength. His long curls bounced around as he moved from left to right trying to find a suitable position  to ply his trade. Misplaced passes and lack of distribution added to Redford's misery. But Leamington where not making any inroads either, although spending a lot of time in the Retford box, there passes seemed to go off target.

   Leamington having a lot of tall players seemed to dominate the flank and send crosses over and over. Retford seemed lucky as goal keeper Anderson Gowan managed to palm it away.
 Retford had a chance in the 30th minute as Bradley Brooks thundered through the midfield making runs and dribbling past players. He looked to play with the midfielders around him but in all sincerity he had been giving them passes all through the game and none had managed a good first touch, he had to go for this alone, he seemed to be held in a tussle with two Leamington players and severely blocked with no other place to go. 

    Looking around he spotted Isaac Badalotti making a quick run into the box with a little chip he sent the ball flying straight into Badalotti's feet and in one strike, "Gooooaaaaaaaaalllll!!!!" The stadium was filled with noise. Retford who had hardly touched the ball all through the game where on the front foot, thanks to a brilliant run by club legend Bradley Brooks and a smooth finish for veteran striker Badalotti.

   The roars and jeers quickly woke Kyle from his thoughts and he realized he had missed almost 40minutes of the game, they were one-nil up, he hadn't payed attention to the game all through but "I guess if we are winning we are probably playing fine" he thought to himself now trying to concentrate on the game and make up for lost time being distracted.

    The whistle sounded and the first half was over. Heading into the tunnel and back into the dressing room Kyle Webb had nothing to say to his team as he had been distracted through the first half. Walking into the dressing room his first words where "good work boys I love The way you played out there, keep up the good work and don't drop your work rate. " Confusion fell over the locker room with most of the younger players afraid to air their opinion on the coach's pep talk. Bradley stepping in quickly. "I really don't think we played that well today. We had terrible ball possession and could barely hold the ball for five minutes." " That's probably the way I want you to play" Kyle added, covering his tracks " go out there and finish what you started he concluded. Shrugging Badalotti got up to lead the team out the tunnel into the second half.

  The second half quickly kicked off with Retford starting the play Brooks laid out instructions that the players try to hold possession as Retford slowly passed the ball around trying to balance the irregular stat board that showed a resounding 77% against their 23% possession.
  Wasn't too long before they lost the ball and Leamington was on the break with a quick counter and Retford players tried to fall back and recuperate knowing they might have gotten a little complacent and overlapped a little. Leamington taking a shot from distance which was Punched to safety by Anderson Gowan.

  Leamington had a corner and they were going all out their defenders where quickly into the Retford 18 area as they were in desperate need of an equalizer. Bradley walked over to mark J. E Saunders who slowly jogged and lurked outside the box.

  The corner was taking and Retford keeper to the rescue as he palms it away straight at the direction of Bradley Brooks who was getting ready to send it long not before he hears a big thump looking upwards as seeing the tall huge Saunders clashing into him. Falling on his back in a large thump on the floor gives Saunders a chance to sneak the rebound back into the net. And Leamington with the equalizer as the home fans go wild.

  In a quick reaction to aggression, Badalotti goes straight for Saunders and grabs him on the neck Saunders quickly raising up his hand as a form of surrender and denial to the fact that he had nothing to do with Bradley's injury angered Badalotti the more as the two were sent into a frenzy of arguments with insults flying from left to right, physio therapist rush into the pitch to lift Brooks up in a stretcher and off the field as he might have suffered a concussion

The referee quickly intervened by showing Badalotti a red card for starting the bust up. Walking off the pitch Badalotti muttered angry words under his breath as he made his way into the tunnel. With the latest development Kyle was left confused with no reasonable solution to his Bradley problem. He had no suitable substitute on the bench to help replace Bradley, 50mins into the game and he was a man down and had lost two key players with only one being an option of being replaceable.

   Filled with confusion Kyle paced on the side lines wondering what he could do to fix this. They were barely surviving with 11 men let alone being reduced to ten. He had to come up with a solution and fast.

   Weighing his options, he thought to himself that the only way he was surviving this this was if he played an all-out defensive game. Maybe he could give the young Bill Cox a debut. But was Bill really ready for this? He knew the kid had a lot to offer in training but this was an actual game and he was bent on not taking risk as one of his major tactical approach to this game. What was he going to do now?

  Fuck it! He thought to himself am doing it, am winging it this time if I played a five-man defense and tried to hold the lead till the end, finishing this game with a draw might not be the worst decision. Signaling the referee that he wanted to make a substitution he called on Cox "Bill, you're up!" Unwin's face lit up as he stared at his friends with a big smile, his friend was going to make his debut but Bill Cox didn't seem too happy. He didn't seem too anything, he Seemed startled as he froze "me!?" He asked. Yes, you. "Kyle gestured. "Go out there and hold the lead for me." Cox knew he had initially tried coaxing the coach into playing him but he didn't know it would work? And he wasn't sure if he was ready for the first team or not. Was he? He couldn't tell but he also couldn't say no. 

    Getting up he felt like he was going to throw up. He was signaled to go in and on jogging in he could see Saunders gesture to him by running a finger round his throat before a crooked laugh "meaning he was dead". Cox wasn't one to be intimidated as though he was young, he was tall and well-built for the job of defending. But looking at the hit Brooks just took right before his eyes shocked fear in him. He felt the pressure cave him in.

It was kick off again after the Leamington goal was counted as an equalizer and play was on and things were happening really fast. Cox wasn't sure he could keep up. he came across looking very lost on the pitch. A pass came towards him and he was quick to give it away. He wasn't going to be the one to blame if things went south.

   With less control in the midfield and absence of Bradley Brooks to dictate the tempo Retford soon lost possession again and where in the back foot playing catch up again. The possession which Retford where initially gaining to balance out seemed to tip back in the favor of Leamington and this time with Retford barely touching the ball in the second half of the game.

  They were chasing the game with one man down and no hope of getting back on the front foot. Kyle quickly got on his feet and kept yelling "tighten up!!" In an attempt to hold on till the game ended.

   Retford had a chance at attack as Cox managed a steal from the opponent. Looking up he had no options to pass too as the young lad stood looking dumbstruck.

He wasn't about to go down without a fight and quickly sending a long aimless pass to the flank, you just have to give him credit for effort, his pass was quickly intercepted and Leamington where on the counter, Cox tried running back but couldn't make it on time as Leamington ran circles around what was left of the Retford defense and slotted it home.

   Kyle stomped the ground and pulled at his hair in frustration. "We were so close". he screamed angrily. Knowing fully well this was unsalvageable he didn't know what other instructions to give to his team.

   It wasn't long before Leamington found the back of the net again. Kyle stood and stared confused and frustrated. Staring at the clock it was 87mins and Retford had 3 minutes to score 3 goals. 

   He heaved a quick sigh and went to take his seat back at the bench. Taking a deep breath, he knew his debut had gone to shit and he had two key players that would miss the next game. With a squad like this he was sure he wasn't getting any more wins if things didn't change.

  Still lost in his thoughts he heard the final whistle blow, heading towards the tunnel he shook hands with the opposing coach who whispered. "Next time." Looking at his side he saw Saunders smirk and blurt out laughter before going to get an embrace from Selena. Kyle lost his cool. He needed closure, he needed to know why she would want to hurt him this way.

   He started making his way towards them. He had made up his mind that he didn't care about the cameras.... this dude was about to get a piece of his mind. Thumping towards Saunders he was stopped dead in his track. He had seen something in the Leamington fan section.

  Two kids one was very gaunt and scraggy but the other caught his eyes. He really felt like he had seen this kid somewhere before but he couldn't really remember standing there squinting his eyes trying to remember where he had seen the familiar face before.

   He muttered under his breath. "Xavier?!" Turning the other kid beside the waifish one looked around like he had heard his name somewhere but couldn't figure out where though all the chatting and wailing from the crowd. 

    Kyle quickly backed up and headed for the tunnel. He couldn't believe his eyes. That was the kid he saw in his dreams when he was in the hospital, the one with impeccable speed and skill. He thought to himself, "what could this mean?" Scratching his head as he headed for the dressing room he wondered. "If one of them was real. Was the other 6 real too?

 CHAPTER 8


After a bad start to his reign at the club and an initially bad game as first time manager, Sitting down in the dressing room around 7pm in the evening, the afternoon game was over and he had lost brutally, but that wasn't the only thing on his mind, apart from the dreams and actually seeing one of the players he dreamt of he was feeling really bad as to how Selina Silvanei had run off with J. E Saunders, he had to admit, he was really hurt but he was also in denial and trying to prevent that lingering in his mind. But it was also distracting and barely letting him get any chance to actually think. 

    Paula had just finished speaking with the chairman, they had a long meeting after the game Which left Sheridan very furious. As much as Sheridan was furious he was scared, disappointed, and wary of his predicaments. Paula couldn't blame him for his rage. He was human, and he had every right to be even though he might be asking too much of the headcoach. Passing through the locker room she could see Kyle, palm to face as he seemed distressed, "maybe we are all being too hard on him" she thought. He was coaching a team that multiple managers had failed to restore in previous attempts. He was a very unlucky one. Most managers got thier first furrow into managing in way easier situations, his was non the less demanding from a relegating team in the first division. 

   "Hey... how you holding up? Funny game out there today right? It gets better you know, you can't be this unlucky for too long." Noticing Kyle wasn't budging from her words of encouragement. "Or is there something else?? You know the club has to be your top priority right!?" Kyle now responding. "There is nothing". She wasn't too convinced. "Mr. Webb, how about you talk to me and we sort whatever problems you have so you can focus on my club and stop giving me bad results."

   "I... Look its nothing really" Kyle stated out. "I saw who you were looking at Mr. Webb." Paula prowled.
"Oh God... It's not what you think, she is just an old ex... What we have is over and am fully committed to the club." Kyle defended.
"Oh... I was actually referring to Saunders, when I heard you where our new manager I did my research on you, discovered he ended your career, thought you had a grudge with him, apparently it's with his lady." Paula looked surprised.
Kyle putting a palm to his face as he explained. "Look I used to love her."
"You still do. " Paula added. " Fine! I guess I might still have feelings, or maybe am just wondering why she would hurt me and choose him... You still don't get it." Kyle wrinkles his face in hurt.
"I understand, trust me I have had my bad shares of terrible partners too Paula smiled. "Eventually you realize you are probably fine without them." 
   Putting one hand on his shoulder and stroking his chin in an attempt to comfort him. Staring at him their eyes locked, staring for a while Paula felt her body cringe, as she slightly bit on her jaws, was she having feelings for him? She was a professional and wasn't going to get dragged into this... But she couldn't take her eyes away and she wasn't looking away either. 

    Paula didn't know what came over her as she lunged in for a kiss, grabbing his face she buried her lips in his feeling the warmth and softness of his mouth. She had been on his lips for what looked like forever when she realized he wasn't kissing back, she had crossed a boundary, she shouldn't have. Taking her lips off she muttered a quick apology. "I am so sorry." And she tried walking away before things got worse. But Kyle wasn't letting go, holding her hands firmly he pulled her back and went for her lips in full force. Paula could feel a shiver down her spine as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders, grabbing her hips Kyle raised her up and straight for the wall as he went for her neck.

   Hearing a door slam far away, Paula immediately knew Sheridan was done for the day and would be heading home soon which meant he had to pass this locker room, she quickly pulled away and headed for the door. 
Kyle standing there looked confused, he didn't understand what just happened but he wasn't complaining either...


                           같

    Bates and Sheridan had the occasional boys time out, nothing much, just all fun, a little alone time to talk things out, relax, and get their minds off things, Bates and Sheridan sat in the sauna, they both needed the fire bath to clear their head. The heat of the enclosed room sapped into their skin and the steam filled the air.The wooden walls and floor laminations held on to the heat and the dim light reflected over their torso's, They both drapped towels over their waist as they sat and relaxed. As old friends who go way back, they used to have the occasional time out from all the worries and problems that might come their way. The places they chose to relax varied. It was all a chance to get away from the problems that came with their stressful week and was a bonding time that kept a long lasting flame of friendship burning. Some sort of culture for the two of them. Sheridan was a bit worried he might have made the wrong decision about his new head coach and would not mind terminating the contract the moment he found a more suitable option. Bates was battling with the idea of not having a job at the moment. With both having alot racing through their mind and no way to put their issues to words. 

     The two of them sat as the steam flew around them and went straight for their pores, they needed anything to calm themselves down at the moment. They had been sitting quiet for quit sometime doing nothing but get lost in their own thoughts about their personal problems. 

    Sheridan deciding to break the ice, he blurted out at Ian Bates. "What were you thinking bringing Kyle Webb as a recommendation for my coaching team?" Bates looking at him said "the question is, what where you doing accepting him." They both stared at each other before bursting out in laughter. "We were desperate buddy." Sheridan said. "He is a good kid and knows what his doing, I assure you that, he just needs time, I saw his 5 game winning streak at Lancashire and I was impressed, he has something about him." Bates smiled at Sheridan.

      "A fifth tier winning streak." Sheridan scoffed. "Someone tell that kid he is in the 3rd division, a league for men now. Not child's play." They both laughed again. "Transitions like that can be difficult, normally it was be safer to give him time to adjust, but time is not a luxury we can afford. I know we might be pressuring the kid too much, its not like he is supposed to do miracles but If Retford went down one tier again, we might be done for, maybe even unsalvagable. Staying up is the top priority." Sheridan sighed. He was growing increasingly worried about his predicament even though he laughed on the exterior, staring at Bates he could sense the worry in this expression. It would be natural for Bates to feel bad for him but this seemed way more serious than him worrying about a problem that wasn't his to begin with. 

     "Old friend, I couldn't help wondering about 'us being desperate'". Sheridan stared at Bates. "Is everything ok with you? I am the one with the soon to be bankrupt club but you seem way worried than I am." Sheridan was concerned.

A little silence fell on the room, Sheridan could tell Bates was processing his thoughts on how to reply him. Bates gave a little sigh. 
Managing a smile Bates said. "Nothing serious, the old fucker finally gave up on me. I Got fired the other day, haven't told a soul. They treated me like shit, it was like all my ten years meant nothing to them." Bates sighed.

         "Those fools they got rid of the best thing that ever happened to that agency. Just so you know mate, Retford is always sticking with you, freelance agent or not." Sheridan stated. "That's good to know, but is it that you are loyal to me or your shitty club can't afford any better agents" Bates joked." 

    "Probably the second option." Sheridan replied, they both laughed off for a while and as the laugh died down Bates stared at Sheridan. "Thank you, old friend for always sticking with me."

       "Always!" Stretching out his hands, Sheridan shook Bates.  "They definitely do not know what they are missing out on." Sheridan layed back. "Probably, or maybe they have seen my best days and realized I have very little to offer, maybe I have lost all the fight in me." Bates replied. "Nonsense!" Sheridan cut him off. "the Bates I know can convince a world class team to sign a dog if he was the dogs agent. It doesn't take alot to see you are still good at your job."

    "You are right, I can still show them I have it in me." Bates leaned back up. "To the shittiest agent I know and the only one I can afford. "Sheridan joked again. "And to the most terrible club Chairman I know." They both laughed again.
       
       "You know, with a man of your experience and quality, you should be running your own agency" Sheridan suggested. "You think I have the leadership qualities?" Bates asked. "Of course! Bring in younger sharper agents, showing them what respect for long service to a company means. " Sheridan replied. Bates nodded in realization. "I could do that." 

    "And I know things are very hard at the moment so I am ready to support you in anyway I can. I got you back..." Sheridan smiled. 


                           같

    Next day and it was training day at the club.  The whole team where back to work after a terrible defeat to Leamington, a performance of that status meant they still had alot of work to do, Kyle had been working the players all morning trying to get a positive reaction from them. He was hoping to bounce back from the previous game. Kyle had been receiving sticks from the media and club Chairman Sheridan, Paula was quick losing faith in him and so was the team players. She had showed up to training today acting like nothing had happened. Standing and watching the team go through drills as he had been instructed to enforce training on the team to improve results, he knew his team didn't have enough to win their next fixture. They had already lost two key players in one game and he had just been through a long difficult day.

  It was 12 o'clock in the afternoon and not too long ago he had just realized he still had to go see Bradley in the hospital after taking a heavy knock in the last game. He would probably head to the hospital in the evening, he had trials to organize for the club by the end of the week as he was low on players and needed depth in his squad. Even if the trials where successful and he found useful talent's they would only be inducted into the team next season. To avoid getting ahead of himself, it would be safer to keep focus on this season and surviving, taking things one game at a time, for now, all he needed to be thinking about was winning the next fixture. 

   Trying his best not to think about Selina Silvanei and his previous encounter in the last game or his time with Paula, he wanted to get that off his mind as he wasn't going to dwell on things that was long lost, he rather fights for this job, right here. One step at a time, at least meet up to club expectations and not get relegated first.

  Turning his attention to the players he saw Veteran striker Isaac Badalotti doing his work out. The stout striker stretched and did lunges. Badalotti had showed up to training but had not talked about his in game bust up that led to him getting sent off. He had tendered an official apology on the club's social media account because the chairman made sure he did so, but he wasn't going to stand in front of younger players and make an apology to the team, he was a proud striker. But Kyle understood, his efforts in training showed remorse, "Mr. Kyle Webb..." Turning Kyle noticed Badalotti was trying to start a conversation with him and typical of him, no way is he calling Kyle Boss or Coach. "I was wondering if I could have a word with you." Kyle scratched at his eyebrows. "Sure, what is it you wanted to talk about?" Kyle smiled. "I know reacting aggressively was probably not the best choice in an important game like that to you, I see that now, I would not apologize for standing up for my teammate, Bradley is a good friend and didn't deserve that knock." He added "Saunders is a dirty player. All though I have a one match ban, if I am in the final fixture of the season, I promise to give my all to improve the team's performance. If you let me." He added nodding his head. "I understand " Kyle nodded back in admiration.

   "We also need a solution and quick, this young boys are terrible." Badalotti laughed off. Kyle laughed in return but put his words to serious consideration as there was a lot of truth in it. Even if he couldn't fault them for effort and work rate. He needed a Different set of players for next season if he made it that long and he needed to make the ones he had good enough and quick.

   Standing and taking a while to reason, he thought, one thing that hasn't left his mind since his last game was seeing one of the players he had seen in his dreams. He couldn't still help but wonder, "where they all real? And how was it possible he dreamt about people he had never seen before? And if they were real, could they be a long lasting solution to his problems? Getting lost in thought he imagined what it would be like to have all of them in one pitch and on the same side. He had seen 7 Different players in his dreams.
  
  He knew he was doing it again, over thinking, spacing out and not concentrating on what was actually going on in front of him, the last time this happened was in the match and it led to a big defeat, the players blame themselves for being a man down and for a bad performance overall but deep down he knew spacing out in the first half and not reading the game well and making the required changes and instructions in the half time talk was the major problem and he was the major cause.

He still couldn't help but think about his dreams and he knew if he didn't sort it out, he might never have a clear mind to concentrate on his team. Quickly bringing out his phone he opened social media platforms on his phone and starts searching name he had seen in his dreams.

   Quickly tapping the search bar, he tried searching the first name of the kid in the stadium as his name was vividly in his mind and he had written out the names in a laptop in the hospital. But he needed to check the ones he could remember. Typing out the name "Xavier Udoh". A variety of results came out but it wasn't difficult to spot out the profile picture. He couldn't forget that face. Clicking his profile.

  "A renowned student, and an athlete, he knew it!! They existed. He was a runner hence the pace in his dreams, had no connection to football though. He thought to himself, signing someone without and youth level career at all might not be accepted by the chairman, how was he even going to pitch an idea to them? There was only one person that might listen to him he thought.

  He had a trial coming up soon and he might as well take advantage of it and see if these players would all be in one setup. "Take 5!" He told the team, walking off to meet up with Paula. He was dreading avoiding a talk with her but this was important.

  Paula stood dropping angry stares at him, she had really put hopes in him and was expecting a lot more from him than the disgracing defeat the club suffered in the last game, it wasn't like she was expecting miracles from him against a team who was having a good season and was at the top half of the table but she didn't expect a defeat by such margin. She was also bent on avoiding a topic on yesterday's occurrence.

   Seeing Kyle walking towards her she rolled her eyes. "What do you want?" She growled at him. "Hear me out. I know your angry at me for the last game but just hear what I have to say. "Kyle raised his hands in attempt to show he didn't want trouble. "Why should I listen to you? Bringing you here was a big mistake you are worse than the previous manager and our performance is way below par. Why should I listen to you?" She raised her eyebrows at him. " Because you love this club. I know you want what is best for this club, and I know your aware he can't achieve anything with the players we have here alone. We need to add something and I know what do to do." Kyle pointed out
  
   "And what might that be?"  Paula now curious. "I have a few players shortlisted that might help" Kyle added. "Not with this again Mr. Webb, we can give you any players, the club cannot afford to pay transfer fees for them, we are barely surviving." Paula frowned. " No! There free, trust me." Kyle added. "Even if they are, they can't play till they are registered next season so why bother?" Paula argued. "Thats the thing, we need to grab them before anyone does, I need someone really good at negotiations to get it done while I Concentrate on fixing the team." Kyle pointed out. 

  Paula paused to think of a reasonable argument against Kyle's point but could not come up with any at the moment. She knew she had no other option. "This is your last chance, am helping you this last time but after this, if you fail? You're on your own". She gave a warning stare to Kyle who seemed very certain. "So what's this big idea?" She enquired. "First we go to the hospital, Club obligations, we have to see Brooks."


                           같

The bright light shone in Bradley Brooks eyes as he opened them in the hospital, he had really taking a big knock there, he squinted his eyes to avoid the blinding rays as his eyes slowly adjusted to it. The hospital staffs went about their business and the nurse attending to him seemed calm. Wiggling his toes and fingers he wanted to be sure nothing was missing. Taking a light sigh he was slightly relieved.  Bradley layed on his hospital bed in anticipation of his family coming to check on him, by family, he meant his wife. They were on a rocky path in their relationship and he mostly got on her nerves whenever he was at home with her, it was one of the reasons he was always in training. He actually loved the club and loved giving his all but recently, his extra hours had been because he was avoiding upsetting her with his presence again. No matter how serious there quarrel really was, it was no reason to not come see him. She was obviously going to show up. The place reeked of hospital smell and it made him more and more sick. He hated hospitals, he wanted to leave as soon as possible. "Am i going to be all right?" He turned to the nurse. "Definitely ." She said with a smile. 

    Paula and Kyle walked through the entrance of the hospital. Heading inside they went into the hospital, on getting there, they saw Bradley getting up and laughing with a nurse. He was getting along very well. He also seemed to be doing just fine. Rushing to his side Paula grabbed him by his hand to aid him falling. "You are supposed to be resting, you are not supposed to be on your feet." Paula exclaimed. 

    "He would be fine. It's just a minor hit to the head, he suffered a concussion but should be on his feet in no time, we do not recommend he plays soccer for a week or more though" added the nurse. "The doctor aforesaid I would be fine, you didn't think a small hit from a wanker like Saunders was going to take me down now did you?" Bradley humored. "I am ok. Good of you guys to come see me." He wasn't expecting them though. He wasn't expecting the headcoach to come see him personally. He was expecting someone else. But she probably wasn't going to show. She seemed bent on toturing him. He would do anything to not be at home right now. 

  "We were headed to..." Paula realizing she didn't know where Kyle was taking her or what plan he had. "Going on a little scouting mission" Kyle quickly put in. "Then am coming with you then." Bradley smiled. "I don't think that would be healthy." Paula said advancing a stare for confirmation from the nurse. "Come on. I have been on bed rest all day. I need to move my body a little." Bradley was persistent. "Fine!" Kyle spoke causing him and Paula exchanged awkward stares "Let's get a move on." He knew she definitely wasn't okay with Bradley leaving the hospital so early Paula's expression said it all but he had already jumped the gun. Their wasn't any going back now, the more the merrier. 


                           같

    Xavier had just got back from track and field practice, he had been running all day and was really exhausted. He slowly dragged his feet. Reaching the front lawn of his small estate home. All the houses in his street looked alike, nothing much made each home stand out except the way each family designed their garden. His mum wasn't one to care about plants. They had the worst lawn in the residential area. It neither bothered him or his mum. On getting there, he saw a strange car parked in the drive way, wondering, his mum rarely ever got visitors, who could it be?

  Turning the door handle he slowly slid the front door open taking a slight peek inside. He could see his mum on the dining sitting opposite 3 strange people he had never seen in his life. "Good afternoon ma." He greeted his mum. The expression from her face wasn't pleasing. She seemed to have a growing rage that wasn't going to be subsided by mare talk. 

   "Xavier Chika Udo come and sit down, you have visitors!" His mum called him. He could feel the anger in her voice, she never called his full name unless she was really angry, weird thing she didn't know what exactly he did wrong, the last time he snuck out to play soccer was days ago and that was a clean job, no one saw him and Olliver go and come back. Sliding the sit, he sat down beside him mother. "What's wrong ma? And who are this people?" He asked in an apprehensive tone.

 "You tell me? They are from a football club and want to apparently offer you a chance at a trial." His mum gave him a vexed look. " One Retford club?" Edgy, Xavier thought to himself, he knew about the trial and wanted to go, but he had not told anyone about it, unless if his best friend had gone and applied for him which was to impossible, his best friend hated the club. He was a strong Daventry fan. He supported a rival club.

   "I don't know them". Xavier gave an anxious reply. "So how do they know you?" His mum gave him a sarcastic stare. "I don't know" Xavier was clueless. "Then tell them you don't want to be a footballer as all footballers do is party and waste their life's and you're into a more dedicated sport. And you would go to college and be a doctor someday."

   That was oddly specific Kyle thought, did she map her kid's future? "If I may..." Kyle tried to talk. "Tell them!" His mum cut Kyle off.
Xavier wasn't sure that was the decision he wanted, this seemed like a dream come true handed to him on a platter. He wasn't about to let that go. "I...I..." Xavier stuttered. "Staring a glance at Kyle. How did you know my son?" Kyle realized he was in a bit of a pickle, and now thinking about it he realized he hadn't thought this through. Walking in and saying he "I dreamt about your kid" would be absurd. 
    "I happen to know your son's an excellent footballer. He has great skill and pace and my club would like to give him a chance for a contract on a free transfer with reasonable pay." Kyle stuttered. He was very terrible at negotiations."And how do you know my son is a good footballer, he doesn't even play soccer?" Xavier's mum replied. Xavier looked away and scratched at his head. Now thinking about it he realized that they might have discovered his talents playing on the park. Maybe it wasn't such a clean job after all. He thought to himself. "My son doesn't play soccer..." Xavier's mum repeated herself in anger, this time turning her angry gaze at her son. "Does he?" She kept he stare at Xavier. "Does he?" She repeated herself. "Not at all ma" Xavier stammered. "Good, you heard my son. He doesn't know a thing about football." She turned to Kyle. 

   Knowing this was a lost battle, Kyle was left dumbfounded. "I would like the three of you to leave my home please." Xavier's mum aggressively gestures her finger to her door. The three of them gave no protest as they kept their heads down and headed for the exit.

   Walking out of the house. Kyle looked at Bradley and Paula. "You two did very little to support me in there." Bradley raised his hands. "in my defense I don't know the kid and I am barely sure he can kick a ball you offered us little or no scouting report before this endeavor, unless you showed Paula something am not aware of?" Tension rose between Kyle and Paula. They both where avoiding the discussion about their previous encounter. 

  Staring at Kyle Paula wondered. "how do you know this kid Kyle?" Scratching his head. He didn't know how to explain. He couldn't possibly tell them he dreamt it out too. "I can't just follow you blindly Kyle." Paula added. 

  "Look Paula, please I have my methods, could you just trust me this once? I would forward you data of a few more players I need you to contact for the trial" Kyle added as they walked to the car. Bradley holding the door for Paula as Kyle took the wheel. 

  "Some of them might need work permits". Kyle hesitantly pointed out. "Work permits!!??" Paula and Bradley echoed. "Mr. Webb are you trying to bring foreign players in? this club cannot afford that!"  Paula agitated, "let alone fly them here!!" Bradley humored. "Look, i was brought here to make this club the best it can be, that means bringing the best players, even if they are at the other ends of the Earth." Kyle said. "We didn't say you had all the resources at your disposal to do it? Finances are limited Kyle." Paula cut in."This club used to be a great place... I wasn't much of a fan before getting the job, but seeing the history of what it used to be you just have to wonder if such legacy deserves to die without a fighting chance." Kyle sighed. 

  "Just contact them, I would fix the travel fees and expenses even if I have to use all my life savings" Kyle confidently assured, thinking about what he had just blurted out. He realized he was ready to go all the way for this, and what he believed in, even if it meant all his money. Paula staring at him in astonishment realized that even if she doubted his whole idea. She admired the fact that some one really cared about the club as much as she did, she couldn't help but confidently back him. 

     "Am on it, I want you to go back to training and fix the squad! Make sure we have improved performances while I get you the players you need." Paula assured Kyle. " I will assist you Bradley told Paula. "Let's get those players." Paula added.

    Kyle realizing, he had left the team to train themselves again over his unrealistic mission looked at his watch, he had to head back to training, it was evening already...he really had to stop doing this if he even if he got his 7 players in his dreams he still needed players to fill the first team void and he would stop at nothing till he could bring out the best in the players he already had.


                           같

Parking in front of the training ground after dropping Paula at a nearby cafe and Bradley home to take a rest after his heavy injury. He was mostly reluctant to head home and insisted on following Kyle back to the stadium but Paula wasn't having any of it. Kyle walked into the training ground to fix his team even if it was getting really late.

  On entrance he was welcomed by an almost empty pitch with three players only left taking laps round the pitch.
"They all left after waiting for you, those three won't budge, stubborn youths hoping for a space in the first team, reminds me of my youth." Badalotti sneaked up from behind him.

    "And what made you stay?" Kyle, a little startled replied. "Not much for me at home this days, I got to tell you even though my team never achieved much, I would really miss playing for this club after retiring, it's like my second home. After my divorce I used to come here and train my ass off. Most of the team didn't share my enthusiasm except maybe Bradley but it never stopped me." Badalotti rode on. "Whats his deal with always wanting to be here rather than back home?" Kyle laughed off. "Well from my experience, he is running from something back home." Badalotti replied. 

   On seeing the head coach, the three players jogged towards him. "What do you say we take one last hard training show them what it takes to be a first team member" Kyle smiled at Badalotti, he in turn gave a grin and a nod. 

    With the players approaching he could now make out there faces, the undying friends Unwin Jake and Bill Cox but this time with surprise newly promoted defender Kieran Harvey made their way towards there coach with agitation. The three youth players seemed unyielding. In their attempt to show the coach they where up to the task. Harvey brushed off his red hair to the side, removing the little strands that stuck to his forehead due to sweat. 

  "What do you say you toughen things up and raise it up a notch, give them a hard time, lets see if they break." Badalotti whispered at Kyle. Kyle gestured towards them as they drew closer. 

    "Alright boys, the real training begins" Kyle said ostentatiously as him and Badalotti exchanged devious smiles

CHAPTER 9



Paula's night had been rough, if she had slept at all, She layed in her large bed in her bedroom splayed over the matress, too weak to get up. The bright colors of her bedroom lit up from tge the light of the sun's reflection bouncing off of it. Her alarm had rung a few times but she had successfully ignored it and tuned the sound out. It wrung one more time and he hit it to shut it up. 

    she spent all night tracking players assigned to her by Kyle. Trials where in two days and a match tomorrow which she would not be able to make it too due to her filled up schedule, there was little time left. She didn't understand why she trusted him so much even after his terrible first game, maybe it was based on her growing feelings for him that she chose to bury deep inside her and never let out. But she had to admit some of this players he talked about where the real deal, she had spent all night having conversations with two of his shortlisted names "justice yeboah" and twin players "Lorenzo and Guillermo Zalazar". Justice Yeboah wasn't a tough nut to crack as he played for a way lower league football team in Africa and was ready to do anything to take his career forward. He was ready to fund himself to come for his trials. He was eager to show what he could do. A chance at a foreign club was what he needed. Paula didn't have to bother about him, once he was here he could go for his trial and earn his place in the team. 

The twins on the other hand was a bit of a problem as they were not financially stable and lived with their family in south America. She didn't mind putting in a good word with the chairman to help out, or helping out herself, the club had financial issues, but the number of players sales she made last season and how well she handled negotiation during the last transfer market means she milked the sold players for their value and the funds raised where enough to give the club a life line for now.

    Even though Kyle offered to help witha little of the miscellaneous budget on foreign players she personally decided she didn't need to stress him. They could pay a few flight tickets and sort out a few work permits if trials are successful but They have never signed a professional contract before with begged the question of if they were really as good as her head coach hyped and if the risk was worth taking.

     She didn't know how Kyle Webb got his hands on talents so far away, wat kind of person would pay and send scouts to foreign countries even when he didn't have a job, because Kyle's appointment was too recent for him to have put together such data in such a short period of time, but she wasn't going to question his methods as long as he got results, she wasn't used to interacting with players over transfer issues but due to the clubs lack of a general manager she had to step up. She wasn't complaining, she loved her job but it meant she had to wake up as early as 5 o'clock in order to travel to sherborne first tire team tryouts to actually see two of his so called miracle players in action. If they were good enough, another difficult situation would be convincing them to leave a chance at signing for a first tier team and come to their team. She had a lot on her plate.

  Paula was one for appearance as she felt if she looked the part, then she got the respect she deserved. Brushing her teeth and taking her bath, she slipped into the finest suit she could find. Checking her Time. She wasn't late yet. She opened the door locked the house door behind her and headed for the door. 

   On leaving the building and trying to enter her car after unlocking it she noticed something she couldn't wrap her head around. Anthony Asare was on the other end of the street and was crossing towards her. 

   Noticing the door to her car was opened he quickly grabbed the door handle and flew into the passenger seat, Paula opened the door and sat in the driver seat, "what do you want Anthony" Paula closed her eyes trying to calm the anger building up. 

   "Hey come on now shorty that's no way to talk to your baby now us it? " Anthony made funny remarks. Paula didn't find it funny at all. "We have nothing together, what happened between us was a mistake and would never happen again! I nearly lost my job because of you" Paula was furious. 

   " Hey come on now relax, I didn't mean for things to escalate the way they did." Asare said. "Escalate!!! You tried to rape the chairman's daughter, even while we were dating. as a staff of the club, I knew I shouldn't have had anything to do with a player in the club, but I thought I was in love with you, but my head is clearer now, I can't have anything to do with a pedophile. We are done! " Paula's voice was getting louder. 

   "Hey now relax, keep your voice down, look am sorry about that ok? It was just a slight misunderstanding, look I have a bigger paycheck now, I can make it up to you, I work for a way better club now, I have enough for the two of us, you could leave this job that pays you nothing. I could change your world baby, I promise I would be a better man. " Asare said, putting his hand in a pleading gesture.

   "No I am fine, my life doesn't need changing and I love my job very much thank you" Paula said. "I would really appreciate it if you left my car right now, I have club obligations to attend to. " Paula kept a straight face and stared at the road ahead. 

  "Alright, your loss though" Asare said, walking out of her car and heading down the road. Heaving a sigh of relief Paula was happy she felt nothing, he genuinely had no place in her heart anymore, which made her wonder, had the void been filled by someone else?


                           같

 Match day away from home at Banbury the morning sun shone on the players below, The Banbury sponsors surrounded the stadium in yellow and blue, their fans took up majority of the stands as they showed up in numbers flying their proud club colors in Jersey and face paint. The club mascot, a bright yellow and blue chicken mascot entertained the fans encouraging them into louder cries. 

    Kyle had another chance at redeeming himself for the boys in black and white, he didn't have high hopes for this match as he did the previous, he wasn't even too sure if the margin of defeat won't be greater this time. Retford where vastly unequipped for this match, Badalotti who had a red card couldn't participate in the game but Bradley brooks showed up to show support even if he wasn't allowed to play games for a while, injury still hovered over him.

    Due to recent circumstances, Unwin Jake, third option striker would be in the ranks today hoping to prove his worth to the team, Bill Cox gets another chance after his blunder that led to a goal in the last game. Beside him in the defensive ranks was Kieran Harvey as Anderson Gowan was retaining his position in the goal post after conceding 3 in his previous game. Over all the team didn't look good and even though Banbury where also in the relegation position and this was a clash that could see the winner take a leap one step out of the relegation pit by one position, Kyle wasn't too sure about his chances. Banbury had all the advantage playing at home. While Retford had to cope with the jeers and chants from the opposition fans with filled the whole staduim.

   Banbury on a bright yellow jersey and blue shorts got the game going on kick off. Kyle was timorous and apprehensive, he didn't want to lose another one, serious trainings between him and Unwin Harvey and Cox had honed their skills and made them show dramatic improvement in training but he wasn't too sure if that was enough.

  Banbury had started dominating possession again, this was becoming a thing for the Retford midfield, they were always out of sync and miscalculated every move, unable to hold the ball for long, this bothered Kyle but he had very little solution to it at the moment.

  Retford held on all game trying to hold for life as Banbury bossed the game. Bill Cox and Kieran Harvey had a lot to do as they were rendering clean tackles after clean tackles and making blocks to prevent attempts at the goal keeper. 

   Kyle Couldn't help but be impressed, he knew it might not last but he had to hope that if they could hold on till the game ended, a draw might be the best result he could get today. Screaming instructions at his team, Kyle was frantic, and at the edge of his seat.

  He hadn't noticed how loud his sigh of relief was when the half time whistle blew. Heading through the tunnel and into the dressing room head coach Kyle spent the whole 15minutes shouting and aggressively trying to make the midfield understand how terrible they were. The team where leaving the tunnel for the second half and he couldn't help but commend Harvey and Cox for how good they had been defensively today. Turning towards Unwin he said "show the word you have what it takes, there is much more to come from you."
Unwin nodded in agreement to Kyle's instructions and headed out the for the second half.

The second half kicked off and it wasn't too long before a Retford midfielder fouled a Banbury player right in the 18-yard box, he was quickly shown a red card and Retford was down a man and their midfield was reduced to add to how ineffective it had been earlier.

   Banbury where in position to take the spot kick and converted effortlessly. Kyle was now filled with more confusion than ever as he had only ten men again and was down by one-nil. He wasn't going to sit back this time; he knew his team still had some fight in them. Screaming instructions at his team and encouragement he tried to lift the team spirit.

  70 minutes into the game and Banbury was at it again, they made an effort at goal that was quickly palmed away by Gowan awarding Banbury a corner. Retford where under pressure now and tried to arrange their defensive positions ahead of the set piece. 
20-year-old Kieran Harvey who held the armband today probably because no senior player was on the pitch today tried to command his defense. The set piece was taken and straight into the safe hands of Anderson who went straight for a counter with his low punt trajectory. Retford had been defending early in the game and had only one man forward, Unwin seeing the ball heading for him made a quick run into position. He was unmarked at the moment but saw the Banbury defenders thundering towards him to close him down. He trapped it clumsily showing a poor ball control, but quickly recovered and started making a quick run for goal. Sprinting as fast as he could he could hear the fans shout his name... "Could this be it? Was he about to take a career changing chance at goal?" Powering forward he looked forward it was just him and the keeper in the 18-yard box. "This is it!" He yelled. As he was about to strike for goal. It was quickly cut short as he saw himself thumping to the ground and heading face flat for the grass. He had been taken down by a Banbury defender and the ref was awarding a penalty! And the Banbury player was sent off! 

  Things where even now and as the two teams where down to ten men. It gave Kyle a little relief. Unwin was ready to take the set piece as he stood in front of the ball. He knew it was now or never. If he missed this, it would be all over for him. Getting a little tense while thinking about the stakes involved in one simple kick he felt his heart race. Looking at the whole stadium and the fans roaring he whipped the sweat off his face. Turning towards his coach he could see Kyle make a hand gesture telling his to calm down followed by a nod that meant everything would be okay. Feeling a little relief, he heard the whistle blow and went straight for the penalty channeling all the tension to his foot and hitting with all the force the could muster. The goal keeper had palm to it but it bounced right into the net. The whole stand reserved with Retford fans roared in joy as Unwin ran to the stands where grandfather Floyd Unwin sat and gave him a hug. He could feel tears coming on as his best friend Bill Cox ran into his embrace. It wasn't over yet. They still had some minutes to hold on to and avoid Banbury putting one over them again.

     Retford went into an all-out defensive position in caution to prevent further goals from the opposing team. Unwin found himself assisting in the defense side by side with Harvey and Cox as they ran the time out. The final whistle blew to draw the thrilling encounter to a close. And Kyle hugging his players offered words of encouragement to them. It wasn't a good result as it didn't help their relegation campaign, but it wasn't a bad one either. Looking at Bradley as he walked out of the field he noticed Bradley drop a nod and crack a smile, Sheridan didn't feel the same as he frowned all through exiting the stands, he had one game left to save this team. And he had to make it work somehow. He needed a victory, but first. Trials tomorrow...

                          같

        Paula sitting impatiently in her car outside the Sherbourne home ground checked her phone for the scores of the match which had probably ended by now. Staring at her phone he gave a sad sigh. "Oh Kyle. Lets hope you have something up your sleeves, you have only one game left. You either make it or break it." Retford had drawn Banbury. With Banbury being the weaker team who where also in the relegation battle, she thought that would be the game that struck the last blow to save them, but that opportunity just skipped them. 

     She sat waiting for the training section at Sherbourne to be over while admiring the spectacule of the large staduim. It was a very massive one that boasted of at least 50,000 capacity, having glass doors and windows looking at the exterior it was magnificent. Working in a place like this was extremely tempting if she didn't have an undying love for her club Retford. She yawned at took a bite at her stake out meal. She had packed snacks for the journey knowing it wasn't going to be an easy one. Munching on her snacks she heard the stadium door open and a large crowd of over 50 young players troop out. 

    Feeling a little confused she jumped lifting her legs from her dashboard in anticipation of finding the young players before they slipped off her hands again. Going to a players home had proven to not be a good idea. A little crumbs of her snacks went all over her body. Opening her door and quickly dusting off the left over crumb and throwing the remaining pack back in her car, she adjusted herself dragging the helm of her top down to fit her. She marched on into the crowd.

     Searching with her eyes, she found it difficult to spot any of the faces. Taking out her phone from her pocket she went for a few pictures and screenshots from their social media. That was the little she was able to collect from the players. They seemed to be extremely private and wouldn't put any contact details about their selves but Paula had found out about thier trail through one of their post. A pic yesterday showing that they would be here for trials. Tagging the clubs profile with a location stamp of the stadium.

     Looking down at the pictures again she tried to get a better look before bumping into someone in the crowd. She phone slipped from her hand and fell. "Watch were You're going!" She said. But the person was long gone. She was about to pick her phone when a young lad helped her to it. Staring at the screen before handing it back to her he said. "You must be looking for David." He is my friend.

    Taking a sigh of relief Paula stared at the crack on her phone screen but ignored it. She was closer to her goal. "Thank God!! Do you know where he is?" She asked. "Sure, I can show you where he is." The lad replied. He started walking and Paula followed him. She found it wierd that she was following someone she didn't know and was having second thoughts about it, but was halted in her thoughts when the short journey abou 5 steps from where she was standing earlier led to a blonde short haired fellow with blue bright eyes. He was tall like his friend, the one who had picked his phone earlier. He sat in the back seat of a car pouting. He didn't seem in the happiest of moods.

    "He is having a bad day, he was disqualified from trials today due to the apparent post he made earlier on social media. It made alot more players come for the trials after seeing his post. Both locals and alot of travellers, giving the club alot more work to do, sorting out amateur players. I am Michal, Michal Baranovisky. I see you already know my friend David Harnik, seeing he is the reason you came here." The boy who picked up her phone earlier said geaturing to his friend with a short brown hair and green eyes.

    Paula brought out her mobile, checking the names again. The two of them where actually the players that brought her here! Now all she had to do was convince them to leave this glorious Stadium and come over to Retford's all the way, two divisions below Sherbourne. She decided to jump straight to the point. "Actually, i am here for the two of you." 

    Michal and David looked at each other, then at her both very confused. "What for?" David asked. "Well, i am from Retford Albion. We would be having a trial soon and we are looking for good talents for the first team and we find you two to be a good option." Paula said. "And leave Sherbourne?" Michal gave a funny laugh."Maybe David had a bad trial because he barely got to touch the ball, but i myself did very well. And would probably be called on soon to the Under 23 team. which could fast track my journey to the first team." 

     "That's the thing, you where recommended as first team material, with Retford next season you could be part of the first team and start winning trophies right away." Paula added."Come on, Retford isn't winning any trophies. You are bound for relegation to the fourth tier? And I don't want to play in the fourth tier. I might still be young? But i know that i am buit for the top division." Michal cut her off."We have it all under control. We are not going to get relegated." Paula tried to sound as confident as possible even though she wasn't sure about it herself. 
    
    "We have a new headcoach handling things, i am very confident in his abilities to change things. He recommended you in his squad, two of you, i personally wasn't sure of it till i did my assignment on tge my two of you. There is real promise, and the two of you would fit perfectly into our midfield. He is trying to go for a club rebuild, with talented players like yourself in the team. We would also guarantee good game time for the two of you, trust me. You would play all the game. That would be very good for your development." Paula grinned.

    "All the games?" Paula seemed to have caught Michal's attention. Paula nodded to his question. "How am i sure you are not just trying to trick us into signing a contract?" Michal leered at her."Who said anything about a contract? I said come for a trail, we want to see if you are as good as you are in your videos, or of they are just planned camera work." Paula stared back at him. Michal laughed off her comments."Camera work? Your club doesn't..."
    
    "We would be there." David interrupted paula and  Michals ramble. Its just a trail. "Let's see if we love the atmosphere there. There is no harm in going to do what we love one more time for a cheering audience now is it?" David stared at Michal. Michal staring at his friend realized that thia was probably gis only chance at joining a team after missing his trials for Sherbourne, and being part of a first team rebuild sounded more exciting than a chance at an Under 23 team he wasn't sure he was going to get promoted from.  Weighing his options he sighed. "Fine.." 


                          같


    After early morning game at Banbury Kyle was feeling conflicted and pressured following his last game to come which was a must win, he was quickly loosing hope on his dreams and if he would ever get the players in his imaginations. Taking a run down the road through the cloudy evening breeze Kyle pushed himself to the limits in an trying to draw his mind off things, he hadn't gotten really far with his jogging before his body started to fail him and previous injury pains began to set in. Taking a short gasp for breath, he bent, hands on his knees as he struggled for air, tomorrow was going to be a big day and he had to be completely ready for trials, no distractions and no excuses.

   Looking up ahead he saw a small park with patched grasses, Surrounded by light twisted metal ropes to form a wall around the pitch, it was located in the center of the town. Young kid ranging from 12-18 years of age, the majority was within the age of 14, 15 and 16 played and showcased their skills. Walking closer and seeing the joy in the children's faces as they hurried around tussling for the ball, they were over 30 kids, some involved in a friendly game and the others running drills around the pitch. Walking closer he saw what he had barely expected a lady was coaching this all men's unprofessional academy. Walking closer "Hi I am Kyle... Kyle Webb." 

    "I know who you are Mr. Kyle, am a Retford local everyone knows who you are, the inexperienced coach who we leave our prestigious club in the hands of." she said "I am Anna ...Anna Woodward, nice to meet you." She and Kyle shook hands. The well built Brunette female coach had the body of an athlete in her track tops and spandex. She had dark eyes and was well tanned all over. 

    "I was an athlete, a professional footballer for the Retford female team. We were shut down due to lack of funds, and besides no one watches women play anyway." She managed a smile, Kyle didn't know whether to smile at her remarks or not, it looked like a trap "I Was working around and noticed what you have here, it is quite surprising. "he was in awe.

   "What?! Never seen a woman coach a men's team before?" She gave him a daring look. "Not that at all, you guys just seem so organized for an unprofessional youth set up." Kyle added.

  "Well thank you, after losing my job, I was mostly depressed but then I met with the young boys in the all-boys orphanage nearby who wanted to play football but couldn't afford to enroll in a proper academy, getting to know them was fun. Helped me see life a different way, I am trying to get a good sponsorship for most of them, a lot of them have more talent than half the pompous youths in professional football club's reserve. With the right mentoring, they could achieve anything, in a few years they would all be of age for professional contracts, maybe two or three years probably." She smiled.

   Kyle really loved What he was seeing. It's not every day you see someone do something like this for the community for free, the world needed more people like Anna Woodward.

   "Mind if i joined you?" Kyle smiled. "Unless you have a problem with getting coached by a woman." Anna laughed. Kyle laughed along as he strolled into the pitch. Jumping around with the younger ones. His legs didn't seem to hurt anymore. He seemed very relaxed in his strides. Kyle joining the team in fun and soccer was a good change of pace to help clear his mind from tomorrows challenge.


                           같

    Paula was feeling really good about herself. She hummed good music as she drove home. Flight tickets had been put in place for her foreign players to come over. She had been working on getting Chanon Hongthong to leave his Thailand football club for a few day to come for trials and they had agreed, besides they couldn't hold on to him for that long, he was on an amateur contract with them. She was positive almost all her work was complete. Her day started with her almost getting frustrated by Anthony Asare but was ending in a good fashion. The player from Africa was coming, so was the South American twins and now the had hit the lottery she didn't think was possible for her to reach, she might have convinced two players to leave top division teams.
    
    If it all worked out and they all played as required, Retford might be looking at a chance at getting back to the good old days when winning was a priority. Smilling and moving her body to the music she realized how familiar the neighborhood she was in was. Trying to rethink she immediately recognized the home of the player she, Kyle and Bradley had been to earlier. They had gotten thrown out. She had checked that one off her list as a no go. His feisty mother had almost thorn them appart the last time.

    This was her chance to give it a last go.why get some players if she wasn't going to get all of them? She might as well get eaten up by his mother, but that deal was going to happen either ways. She kne he wanted to be a part of thier club. He wanted to play for Retford but his mother's wasn't having any of it.

    Paula parked her car a distance from the building to be safe and coming out, she shut the door behind her, locking it. She headed for the front lawn. On getting there she hesitated on knocking on the door. She was having second thoughts about this. Remembering his mother's previous expression and anger towards them made her stomach churn. It probably wasn't worth it, she thought to herself. She closed her eyes and turned back to leave as soon as possible. Walking almost halfway out of the lawn, the door flung open.

     Paula grumbled under her breath as to why she hadn't left earlier. She slowly turned for the insults to come. She was probably going to get throwd out with a mop stick this time. Turning there was a slight relief in her breathing to see only Xavier taking out the trash. There eyes met. Paula stared at the window, she quickly realized his mum was probably not home. There was probably no one at home. This was her opportunity. Xavier seemed to read her mind to and throwing the bag in the trash can quickly he darted for the door as quick as possible. Trying to close the door, Paula got there just in time to stick her foot to the door. Xavier trying to close the door slammed it against her foot. She held in a slight yelp. "I have to admit I thought that would be cool in my head." Paula mumbled. 

     "You can't be here, you would get me in trouble!" Xavier said. "Oh just let me in. I would make this as quick as possible." Paula grunted. "I am sorry but I can't." Xavier whispered. "Why? And why are you whispering? I know there is no one inside!" Paula whispered back. "I don't know!" Xavier whispered again. "Now your making me whisper." Paula frowned. "Fine!" Xavier rolled his eyes before opening tge the door slowly. "Make this quick!" She said. "Oh i plan to! Don't want to be here when your mother gets back. Paula walking in saw Xavier had the television on, he was watching the Retford game. "For someone who doesn't want to be seen around football you seem to love it alot." Paula joked. "I missed the game earlier, i decided to catch up. I know the scores but i like to watch this things myself." Xavier said. "Can I offer you anything?"

    "No I'm good. Wanted to give you a chance to be at the trial. I know you want this, don't let this slip from you, trying and fufill your mother's wish." Paula said. Xavier kept his head down in worry while he thought things Through. "I want to be their and give it my all, but There is no possible way i could convince my mother that i want to be there. And I don't think she would approve. Her mind is made up. She just wants what is best for me."

    "So do we! Look, nobody is talking about playing yet, a trial is all I am asking for." Paula said. "Here, this is my card. Think things through, make up your mind on what you really want, and if you have a change of heart, call me. But don't take to long. Trials start soon. You have the whole night to figure things out. Handing him her details she headed out through the door.
    
    Xavier stood watching as she left. He slowly tapped the card on his palm wondering what it would be like to be a professional footballer. The thought made him crack a smile. Turning back to the television. He took a seat and went back to watching the game... 


                          같

   Trial day at the Retford Complex. The place was packed with locals from all over east mid-land and a hand full of foreigners as very few people traveled for trials for a 3rd tier team. Kyle Webb had at least forty plus people to run through in order for him to find the required talent he needed. He had to share them all into a team of four and have them play against each other in a thrilling 2 games encounter of which he had to watch closely and not get distracted or space out this time again.

   His 7 player dream team was a burst as literally none of them had shown up today, he would have to do with what he had for now.
Bradley and Badalotti both stood by his sides as they were all going to access players together, they needed all the hands they could get, with the club lacking scouts and the required staffs for this, every asset at the club had to show up and put in efforts for this. even Chairman Sheridan layne was in the stands and wanted to see how things played out. His presence put a lot of pressure on Kyle because he had to find talents fast and he promised he would if Sheridan gave him a chance with trials. If he didn't find any talents today, it would be a draw back on his chances at retaining his job for the club.
     
   Training begun and the first set came to play a short match of 30mins. Each team loosing possession over and over in the midfield as not if them could hold onto the ball long enough. It looked like the goal keepers were on vacation as the two teams attack posed very little threat. The game soon ended with a dreaded score line of nil-nil. Head coach Kyle Webb was happy that was over, the game nearly bored him to death. 

  The next set of games soon kicked off and this time it was goal galore, it felt like the defenders where sleeping and making it too easy for the forwards, and goal keepers looked all dumb and clueless as to how to mount a goal post. The midfield still being nothing to write home about. 

"Damn it!" He cursed under his breath, he was doomed for sure this time, there was literally no talent in this town anymore. Looking at the stands he noticed him and his Sheridan's eyes lock. He wasn't too pleased with this. If something didn't happen soon the journal and fans would have his neck. How would he attend another press conference knowing he had no positive answer for the press?

    After hours of trials Kyle could sincerely not sign any of the players he had seen. A few where ok and might be useful signings to the club but if he made signings based on simple presumptions of a player having a slightly above par game. He might end up with a crowded squad of bang averages.

  All hope was lost. "You can all go now! The club would be in touch and contact you if you made the cut." Kyle tried to hide the frustration in his voice. Literally no one made the cut. Watching the crowd leave the pitch as rage built up inside him, he was about to burst when he saw Paula walking in hurriedly, followed behind her where 8 young men and Ian bates. 

    "What was she up to? And what is Ian doing here?" He thought to himself. The closer they arrived the more he got a clearer picture as his face slowly lit up. "Surprise!" He heard from behind him, it was Bradley with a boyish grin. Badalotti was lost and didn't understand what was happening. "We got all the players you asked for!" Bradley said with exuberance in his voice. I helped but Paula did most of the job." He propitiously pointed out.

  Getting closer he was greeted by a hand shake from Xavier Udoh, he couldn't help but ask "how did you make it here? And what about your mum?" He asked. "It's all good, am 18, I make my own decisions, she would come around. As long as I stay in school, I got in on a per time online college right here." Udoh felicitously replied. "Paula also did some convincing. "And I wouldn't miss this for the world" justice Yeboah said from behind Xavier. "Mr. Bradley helped fly me here, Europe is where football happens and I want to be here." Chanon Hongthong added. "It took a while to convince David Harnik and Michal Baranoviskyi, they were about to sign for top league team sherborne United's under 23. It was stressful but I managed to Convince them they would be playing in the first team for us instead." Paula said. Harnik gave Kyle a nod. "Happy to work with you boss " Michal added. "He called me boss." Kyle pointed to Harnik keeping his stare at Bradley and Badalotti.

   "The Zalazar brothers are a worry that work permits might hinder there signing if they show quality in tryouts but we have all through pre-season to sort that out ahead of the season to come, and I had to bring bates along, after watching Harnik and Michal at Sherborne I knew we had to get deals done fast, and if these players didn't have agents we had to provide them with one." Paula said. "Your friendly neighborhood agent at your service." Ian bates made an attempt to tip an imaginary hat.

   Kyle couldn't contain his excitement. "And you brought free agent keeper Marco Bracanto?" Kyle wondered. "That one was me, very questionable signing seeing he was released but we are trusting you." Bradley cut in. Sheridan sat in the stands watching as Kyle Bradley and Badalotti clamored and chattered with 8 strange people. "Where they bringing more people for tryouts?" He thought to himself, because he was definitely tired of all the nonsense and shenanigans the trial was a waste of both his time and finances, he had wasted money on an irrelevant trial that yielded no results. Money he did not have, and he was growing tired of sitting here doing nothing. He angrily got up and charged down the stands, he was going to tell them exactly how he felt. 

  "What is all the rant about?" Sheridan said with anger as he walked towards them. " Who are this lots? Trails are over! You shouldn't be here." He added.

   "One more squad to review". Kyle said. " Shit, this torture never ends does it?" One more and we are done. And this better be good." Sheridan said as he walked towards his seat back in the stands.
"Oh it will," Kyle muttered under his breath, turning to Badalotti "its training time, call the main squad, all of them." He gave a devious smile. "Kit up boys! We are having an intra-squad game". 

  "There are only 8 of them? "Badalotti questioned. " Unwin, Cox and Kieran, would join them." Kyle smirked. Badalotti now getting the full picture grinned at the idea.

   The intra-squad game was all set and Kyle had set up a team with 
Previously released...
 Marco Bracanto 21' between the sticks,
three of his most hard working and improved youth players,
In the defense...
Bill Cox 19' and Kieran Harvey 20' years of age
Offensive full backs...
Lorenzo and Guillermo Zalazar 18' the two twins where very identical and literally almost impossible to tell apart.
In the midfield
Justice Yeboah 19' as a deep lying playmaker with...
David Harnik 17' and Michal Baranoviskyi 18' to boss the midfield
On the right and left wing...
Pacey Chanon Hongthong 17' and Xavier Udoh 18' respectively
Young youth striker 
Unwin Jake starts in front.
The game kicked off with the main Retford team starting the game and exchanging passes, they were willing to prove to the new additions that they were professional footballers and would not be swayed.
  On the side lines Badalotti leaned towards Paula, "are you sure about this new kids?" Chuckling Paula looked towards him. " Wait till you see for yourself.

   Back in the game Anderson Gowan had just made a save from Unwin Jake early in the game and rolled the ball out for the Retford first team to start a counter running down the flank they were quickly closed down by one of the Zalazar brothers who was quick calm and composed on the ball. Controlling it, who made a smooth dribble before a pass to Udo on the flank who powered down the flank slipping through opposition players like they weren't even there. Dropping a low cross, Anderson Gowan was powerless to hold his forth as Unwin went for the tap in.

  The players barely celebrated. It was just a trial game. Jogging back into position. The Retford team where ready to go again and equalize this time. They had slipped up earlier but were going to fix it. Play started again and Retford where trying to power through the middle, a quick interception from Harnik and a clumsy pass to Michal, left the Retford team open again, Unwin was there for the finish again. Jogging back into position they stood waiting for the kick off again.

     50 minutes into the game and it was 6-0 already, this team where running circles around the Retford first team, they had obvious poor team cohesion as they had never played together before but their individual brilliance was undeniably beautiful. For the next ten minutes it looked like they were tired of scoring and started passing around. The Retford first team where playing catch up as they found it difficult to keep up with this strange team's quality.

   Sheridan couldn't believe his eyes he had left the stands and was walking down to the pitch tapping on Ian bates, the two walked out. "Sir, where are you going?" Paula wondered. "To draft out 8 contracts" Sheridan said while walking away.


CHAPTER 10

Unwin had just finished the best training match if his life, in fact he had just finished the best match of his life, he got so much supply if the ball he swore if he was wat more prepared he might have fixed a hat trick. The pure white Retford locker room which had black lockers and bright lights with the clubs logo on each locker beautified the room. Opening his locker, Unwin was all smiles. He grinned from ear to ear at his performance.
    
    Most the Retford squad did not approve of their new teammates but not him, he wanted to get to know this guy's, he had never seen such quality before and he was sure Cox and Harvey agreed with him as they were already relating with the squad. The other players in the squad knew this addition into the team would mean most of them might loose their positions in the club and drop in the pecking order.

   "Hi I am Unwin, Unwin Jake," he said extending his hands. " Nice game" Chanon Hongthong replied "you score great goals today, powerful striker" he said. Jake couldn't help a blush. " Thank you. You made those goals happen." Jake added as They both laughed off, Harvey and Cox approached them.

      "Hey Jake did you know this mate is a local?" Harvey pointed out as Cox had his hands around Xavier's shoulder. "You know what? Who is in for a night out at the nearby pub". David Harnik shouted. The locker room went silent as most of the first team Retford squad quickly dressed up after their shower and left, uninterested after a humiliating defeat that meant most of their places in the starting lineup was up for grabs, there weren't entertaining the idea of getting overthrown. 

   "I would come, I can work something out." Anderson Gowan broke the silence, which was weird for a keeper who just let 6 goals in, but he really cared about the club and if these lads could take them places, he wasn't about to be immature about it. His position might be threatened by the new keeper who was signed as a free agent and barely broke a sweat today because he had very little to do, but he was willing to fight for his position here. A game like this showed he had alot of improvements to do on himself and he didn't mind the challenge. 

    Walking up to the new goalkeeper he extended his hand for a hand shake. "Anderson." He smiled. "Marco." The new goalkeeper shook his hand with a smile. What was left of the locker room shook hands, introduced themselves and got to know each other...


                          같

Anthony Asare had just finished his first training for Daventry and was excellent at it, though most of his teammates didn't seem to welcoming of a player from a rival team, that didn't seem to stop him, his fitness test was off the chart and he was doing very well for a player who hasn't played in weeks, he couldn't start any actually games for Daventry till the season was over, all he had to do for now was secure his place in the first team, he saw this as a chance at a vacation to chill and unwind. Heading into the dressing room he headed straight for his locker right on his seat he saw a newspaper left for him on the bench, picking it up he looked at it.

The headlines read.
TRAITOR: SPY IN THE DAVENTRY CAMP
"Daventry has successfully confirmed the acquisition of former Retford player after a long transfer Battle with Ashford, there had been speculations for weeks on where the player might end up, this signing has raised a lot of eyebrows and turned head due to the initial rivalry between the two teams which goes way down there history, people are wondering if Daventry fans would ever accept Asare as one of their own, they don't seem to be happy with it as he has earned himself a new nickname among the fans, they have tagged his 'the traitor'. The 31-year-old has had an impressive season with 15 goals which was not enough, Retford lye within relegation contention. Most people have tagged his recent interest in Daventry as a result of him just running away from Retford."


      Asare dropped the paper on reading this he wasn't going to lose his temper because a few fans or teammates didn't want him here. Opening his locker, out came a full flood of ice cubes rushing around and hitting his body cold, all his clothes and shoes in the locker had been soaked wet, he knew what was going on, the team where playing pranks in an attempt to show they were giving him the cold treatment.

   Scrambling inside his locker he found his phone and realized it had gotten soaked to the core. He couldn't hide his anger anymore, walking to the middle of the dressing room he called for everybody's attention by roaring at the top of his voice. "Who did this?"

   No one in the team would budge or give him an answer and he was quick losing his patients he asked again. "I said, who did this?" Holding his phone in the air. "Oh so nobody knows what happened now huh!?...nobody wants to talk." Turning around he noticed a younger player at the back trying to contain his laughter by holding his hand to his mouth. 

  "What are you laughing at?" Asare ran towards him rendering a jab at his throat. The boy went for the floor immediately as other players attacked Asare. He was swinging punches at whoever he could find. It wasn't long before they pinned him down and he was getting knocked from left to right from random hands that he couldn't pin point who.

   At that moment he realized he might not enjoy it here very much. It had just dawned on him that he was going to be in on a long ride.

    Stumbling outside the locker room after getting dressed, the pain from his encounter with his team flooded his whole body, he limped out of the stadium skipping his car and heading for a phone boot. Asare went on the phone quickly to call his agent after his locker room burst up. The phone rang and on picking, the first thing that went straight to his mind was getting off the team. "Look man, you need to get me out of here, this guys don't like me, they messing with me men, I don't think I can last much longer." He blurted, rubbing blood off his lips.
 
       "Hold on, hold on, what happened?". His agent replied. Trying to speak Asare's phone was quickly snatched off his hand and turning was Daventry head coach Dangall Leacock grabbing his phone which was soaked and about to go off anytime soon and smashing it under his foot. 

    "What do you think you're doing boy?" Dangall had blood shot eyes. "Do you know what it means to be a Daventry player? Did you think you were just going to waltz into my team and everything would be rosy? Being part of my team is earned boy! What? You want to go crying like a baby to your agent over a little bust up from your teammates?" Randall's questions felt like a threat.

   "No." Anthony Asare replied. "It's what I thought." Randall cooled off, ritual is over boys! He is official now." Randall gave a crazy laugh as most of the team laughed. They had just come out from tge Stadium as well behind Asare most of them heading for their various cars. Most of the squad players drove expensive cars. Daventry where known to offer players huge wages, especially the ones that brought back goid revenue and sold more jerseys. 

   "Only the toughest play for me Mr. Asare, to be in my team you have to be able to do what needs to be done. "Are you tough Mr. Asare?"

CHAPTER 11



It was the big day...Ahead of the last fixture that would decide if Retford stayed in the third tier or got relegated to the fourth tier. It was a home game in the renowned dinosaur Retford home ground, the stands painted in white and black and the fans dawned thier various colors to cheer their team on, Banners flew over their heads. 
The 10,000 capacity held history beyond bounds for the club, trophies had been lifted in this place, awards that graced the Retford Trophy cabinet which longed to be filled once more.

    Kyle knew this must be treated as a must win. He needed to select a squad that was willing to play with all their heart for the club. Good thing Bradley Brooks past fitness test and was fit to play, Badalotti's suspension was over and Unwin was more than raring to go after finding the back of the net on their previous outing, defense was rock solid with Harvey and Cox on the back line.

  He could sense the lack of motivation from the other first team squad on the feeling of intimidation from new players in the team, the new quality gave them insecurities, that wasn't his concern, Kyle's coaching philosophy was to avoid players who weren't with the team. He needed more players to fill the ranks. Retiring players Gregg Hill, Fernando piergiacomi 38 and Sebastien feuillaasier 36 where on the bench for their retirement match but where not ready to play for him. Asare has already agreed terms with rivals Daventry and was playing in the second tier next season.
    
    In the dressing room minutes before the game.
Having a team pre game pep talk Kyle said. "Guy's, this is it ... You have seen what this club is about and what the future has to hold, players like Unwin, Cox, Harvey, you are our future, you have seen what playing side by side with the quality to come feels like..." Nodding in agreement Unwin was all ears. It is all up to you guys that you enjoy that Future, either in this third tier next season when you win here today or play in the fourth tier if you lose, today you decide this future! " Kyle was passionate. "Many of you who think it's the end of the road for you due to retirement". Staring at Badalotti and Bradley as he continued. "Go out there and show your love for this club! Put this club on track to where you know it should be!" Kyle motivated. Bradley and Badalotti both exchanging stares and nodding in agreement. "Let's do this!!" Anderson Gowan said, raring to go for the game. 

    The final fixture today and Retford go head to head against Hexham. Retford still in their classic black and white stripes faced off their opponent in blue and black, walking into the pitch through the tunnel, the two teams exchanged pleasantries as they shook hands, Kyle could not hide how nervous he was, he had walked straight to his seat not bothering to relate with the Hexham manager before the game.

   Paula sat beside Carolyne Layne who sat close to her husband, Sheridan who always tried to pose a strong fort appeared calm and composed, deep down he was shitting his pants, he was really afraid to lose this one, if he failed at keeping the club up this season it would be a slippery slope down the league tiers for this team. New signings who just hashed out their contracts, all 8 of them sat to show support in the stands, hoping by next season they wouldn't be starting their careers in the 4th division.

    Bill Cox closed his eyes in a little prayer, he knew they would need all the luck they can get today.
Bradley who was the captain today went for the coin toss.
Hexham would be kicking off the game today. The game quickly kicked off and Hexham made back passes straight to their keeper in an attempt to draw Retford out. The goal keeper Hoofed the ball straight towards the Retford box as the Hexham attackers started thundering towards them. Harvey with a quick header which sent the back to the midfield kept them safe for now. 

    Retford where not about to start chasing the game this early, Bradley quickly assumed authority in the midfield with a perfect control of the dead ball. Bradley didn't trust most of the midfielders around him and after the display in the intrasquad match it proved how bad they really where and how he could have been surrounded by better players through his career, whenever he got the ball, the held on to it, got comfortable and made his forward pass to Badalotti. 

   Badalotti was making life hard for the Hexham keeper as he had a lot of saves to make today, the Hexham defenders where quickly reading this play and soon Badalotti was completely closed down and marked with passes being unable to reach him, Unwin had been getting marked all day and was rarely getting any distribution, he had barely touched the ball all 10 minutes of the game. After his last Stunt against Bunbury, riling the fans up and making and exceptional run Which awarded them a penalty to save the game. Hexham was making sure he wasn't making a move in this match, the young player was soon getting frustrated at the attention giving to him being unable to stay less anxious tried to force the issue and get the ball, pushing his marker to grab the ball he was shown a yellow card early in the game. 


      They needed a win today but Hexham had come to defend today, they seemed ok with a draw today. Hexham had parked the bus and misplaced the key.

   Trying his chances, Bradley had taking a shot yards away which was palmed away with ease. The Retford fans where looking frustrated already, they knew how crucial a win meant today, the Retford team where running out of ideas. 

   Retford had kept at attacking but it didn't take long for Hexham to begin a push back as they made a quick counter at Retford, Bill Cox was up to it as he quickly got rid of it, Kieran Harvey gave him a nod of approval as the two were ready to die today rather than see the ball get past them. 
 
   Retford continued with their fruitless attacks and Unwin was trying to avoid getting carded again watch his steps with caution as he tried to get in the right position for a pass. 

   The game abruptly got to a halt as the first half came to an end. Sheridan was looking furious already and Paula was having heavy hearts, the squad knew they had to do better but they didn't know how they were going to go about it. Kyle ran new attacking formations during the half time break and led the team back out. The second half begun but Hexham where still not budging, Retford had decided to sit back and see if they could make Hexham attack in order to draw them out. But Hexham where not falling for it. They were obstinate on sticking to their instructions. 

   60 minutes into the second half and Hexham made their first set of substitutions. It didn't seem like much but changing tired defensive legs, two new defenders came in and winger Danny Gaghan.


    Deep in the second half Hexham's substitute Danny Gaghan was causing trouble in the Retford defense, he seemed like he was the only Hexham player who wanted to come forward but his impact was definitely enough, the 25-year-old winger had strong pace and flair for dribbles but had very little tenacity, he was a Hexham super sub tactic that converted almost every match, putting in goals while coming from the bench and was among the league leaders for assists. It didn't take long for him to start running things on the flank and sending byline crosses, Anderson Gowan was up to the task making crucial saves to prevent a header, as Hexham wanted to prey on now fatigued Retford who had been attacking all first half, but not until a cross nearly went in as Gowan made a reflex save. Hexham had a corner. 

    Hexham took their corner and in quick anticipation Danny Gaghan made a quick run for it to add to his now solid legacy of second half goals from the bench. Gowan was there first again making a save before colliding with Gaghan and making an awkward landing on his arm Which resulted in a broken shoulder. The referee quickly blowing his whistle put a pause to the game. Anderson couldn't continue again and was in serious pain, paramedic's rushed to his aid but Retford head coach Kyle was thrown into a frenzy of confusion, the only substitute goal keeper he had at hand didn't want to start.

      Sebastien feuillaasier who was retiring today was one hundred percent sure he didn't want to play for the team, he just wanted to see off his retirement and have a good fair well today. But with the situation he was having second thoughts, even though he didn't want to work under Kyle, he didn't want his once loved club fall today.

    Gregg Hill got up off the bench and looking at Fernando piergiacomi and Sebastien feuillaasier he managed a smile, "come on old timers one last time for the club, lets show this kids how it's done. Sebastien and Piergiacomi exchanged looks.

     "This club has served us well, and besides he made a pretty darn convincing speech during pep talk." Gregg Hill explained. Sebastien and Piergiacomi exchanged approval smiles as the ref signaled for a three substitutions, Gregg and Piergiacomi replaced two Retford midfielders to help strengthen Bradley's efforts and Gowan was replaced by feuilaasier.

     "Thanks." Kyle muttered to Gregg as he did warm ups ahead of coming it as a sub. "I am not doing this for you, wanker." Gregg said, running into the pitch he made a slow turn and gave Kyle a nod and a smile. 

    The fans went wild as the living legends walked in, uproars intimidated the Hexham players as club chants and songs followed. Gregg walked to the side of Bradley, staring at him he smiled "lets show you how it's done." 

   Bradley laughed off Gregg's tease as he was used to Greggs antiques. He liked to make everyone around him feel like less or a player than he was, he isn't a bad guy, just over competitive.

    It was 70 minutes' inti the game and Retford where pouncing harder than before playmaking experience flooded the pitch as Gregg, Bradley and Piergiacomi displayed good technique in controlling the midfield.

   Badalotti was getting more supply even though Unwin was still locked out.

    The Hexham team saw him as a weaker link and easier to close down than the older Retford players, they knew he had potential but they also knew he wasn't there yet on his road to becoming a complete forward. 

    Piergiacomi sent a darting pass that hit Badalotti who made a volley straight for the post, the keeper was up to the task, slapping it away. The rebound had went straight at Unwin who's first decision was to play it back in, but the keeper quickly scrambled to his feet to cover his post, defenders leaped in front of Unwin as more defenders blocked Badalotti, he had no other place to pass to, his next thought was to make a run for it and hope he gets fouled in the box, he started trotting away looking up he saw Bradley make a clean break inside the box he had all the defenders on him and Bradley was free, he slid a sleek pass to Bradley who made a low shot towards the last bar to put Retford ahead. They had broken the dead lock 75mins into the game, the crowd went esthetic, deafening the stadium. 

  Sheridan had jumped on Caroline Layne's body and Paula exchanged hugs with the new signings. Bradley ran to his wife in the stands to land a kiss. The Hexham team knowing they needed to fix their problem and quick, where trying to get the ball to the middle of the pitch for kick off again as they were ready to attack this time.

   Gregg Hill stalled by carry the ball for a long celebration around the pitch, while taking off his shirt, he was immediately shown a yellow card. As he walked with swagger and a devious smile.

    The game quickly resumed again and Hexham in the front foot this time where taking untimed and desperate shots at goal. Making life easy for feuillaasier who was making easy saves. For a second it felt like Hexham where trying to make him look good, the veteran goal keeper was having a good day. Saves after saves and the final whistle brought the game into conclusion, Retford where staying in the 3rd division!!! Joy and happiness filled the stadium and Bradley Brooks, Isaac Badalotti, Gregg Hill, feuillaasier, and Piergiacomi bid farewell to the fans as it was there last game. There where jeers of honor and thank for sacrifice from the genuine servants of the club and how they had helped the club one last time to get out of a difficult situation.

   Kyle walked through the tunnel to the dressing room to avoid breaking something in excitement. Walking towards the locker room he was caught off guard as Paula grabbed him and pulled him straight into the bathroom slamming him on the wall while jamming her lips to his, coming out for air she said. "You did it, you fixed us, never doubted you for a second." She joked adding a chuckle. " Oh really!?" Kyle gave a sarcastic reply. They both laughed before the kissing continued, she didn't know what they were, they couldn't have anything going on together in a work place but she didn't care about all that, what mattered was how she felt, and what they felt for each other. They would just have to see where the road takes them.

   Bradley seemed the most emotional. Walked around the Retford pitch, realising he might never step foot on the pitch again as a player. Never hear the fans cheer for him when they did well. Football was something he loved whole heartedly and Retford made football the more sweeter to him. He wished he could play for life, but he couldn't. Turning to the stands he waved at his wife and blew a kiss at her. She managed to crack a smile giving a slight wave back. Staring around at the fans as they raised banners in tribute to his playing days. Tears rolled down his eyes. He slowly put a hand to his face to wipe off his tears. Bradley was having an early retirement due to a similar injury plagued career like Kyle.

  At 33 he was calling it quits, he didn't know what the next step was for him but he was going to take it slow. There was no need to rush. No need to get agitated or bother about the future, he felt all that would sort itself and things would rightly fall into place. Maybe now he had no where to run to he might finally face his issues head on. Majorly concentrate on the Mrs...

CHAPTER 12


   After their final fixture in the league, the season had come to an end with Daventry finishing top of the league followed directly by Shrivenham. Saunders Leamington had made it through the play off finals and where in the second division after facing pembridge in a fixture that all the fans would never forget. The encounter had all the fans raring to go and was the talk of the season. Desborough, one of the relegated sides from the second division down the the 3rd division, where joined by Jarrow and Evesham.

Lancashire had survived relegation with headcoach Lima de Carvahlho. 

   Retford remained in the third division with a chance at getting things up and running for them selves again. With their newly found hope of players, and their new manager, a squad rebuild was in sight. With promotion certain. David Harnik and Michal Baranovisky put pen to for Retford, ignoring offers from Sherbourne. 

    Retford had successfully cleared all their depths by having a record number of player sales. But having no depth in the squad and having no transfer revenue, all they had was enough to cover player wages. They would need to be careful and watch out for their finances to avoid heading back into the sink holes of depth again. Sheridan could finally relax. 


                           같


Ian Bates was standing outside his newly rented space for his new agency. The newly acquired workspace the one story building was meant to be a retail outlet store on the ground floor and a store at the top, but if he could add little partitions, he could be looking at multiple offices for administration and bookkeeping. The place was rusty and old, but it was still one of a kind. A little paint and a little more fixing, maybe with the plumbings, he could see the patch on the wall for water clugs due to leakage. It seemed like the place was falling apart which was probably why he got a large space at such a cheap price. 

    He didn't have much to start with but he had to start from somewhere right? And there was no such thing as you being too old to achieve your dreams. It wasn't much and it wasn't a high-rise building but it was a good start. He had always been afraid to venture into things like this, he wasn't one to take risk, as much as he loved football he had never been involved in a booking, never gamble on a game or played a bet, that's how afraid of a risk he was, but this time he was jumping in head first and it didn't matter if he failed or not. He had to at least try.

    Strolling through the building she walked through the stairs he climb to have a survey of the top floor, walking across, he felt the step under his fit fail and crumble. Looking below he saw a slight form of black mould. Normally he would be angry for the building infestation, but he was too happy to be bothered. He would call people to fix that. Next, he had to find a suitable means for better lighting. The building was dark and filled with dim lights. For an office he had to find the brightest lights he could find to help him read right. 

    Good thing he got a little investment from his friend Sheridan. A little start up money to support him. "Think of it as an investment." In his exact words. Bates tried prying his leg off the breakage. He thugged at his feet for a while before the wooden floor board let his legs go. Pulling it out successfully he stared at the ground a little more, leering into the hole and accessing the damage cost but after a while, he let out a slight chuckle and kept walking up the stairs happily. He hadn't thought of a name yet but he was going to figure that out soon enough. 

    He hadn't poached any of his clients from his former agency, except Sheridan who had willingly chose him and put him in charge of club affairs in contract terms. But surprisingly, he was going to be just fine, he had a magic 7 new clients from Retford too, and that alone was good enough for a start. He wasn't going to to get much in agent fees from this deals but it was a furrow into what was to come.



                           같


  According to agreements Kyle got to keep his job, he was on a race to team rebuild and realized there would be very little time for rest before the squad had to move ahead with presiding's. Retford where behind most clubs in the league and they had before the season restart to fix their major problems fast.

   Sheridan had called for a quick meeting with Kyle to determine staff additions to the club and a strong decision for his head of youth development coach. Kyle was ready for the staff meeting and was ready to help move the club forward in any way he can.

Sheridan sat in a large staff and board meeting room fully air conditioned  which was pure white with a black large long table having the clubs crest in the middle, it extended through the room and had chairs surrounding it.  Probably more chairs than Twice the Retford staffs. The exquisite room had beautiful floor tiles and was one of the major parts of the stadium that was still in good shape, that and the tropy room which was the most important part of the club. 

    Sheridan expected a quick meeting between him Kyle and Paula on club philosophies and how to take the club forward. Walking into the meeting room was Kyle and Paula followed by Bradley Brooks, Isaac Badalotti and a certain Anna Woodward. Sheridan looking shocked wondered what was the reason for this strange faces in a private club meeting, "What is going on?" Sheridan wondered.

   "We were hoping to bring in some new staffs to help bring about a new era in the club, Paula smiled, turning to Kyle and giving him a reassuring nod. Kyle sat as the others sat down in the large round table of the cumbersome meeting room.

   "Mr. Sheridan I do think it would be a difficult task to try and manage this club individually I would like to include retired players into the club setup, I was suggesting Bradley as my assistant coach, he was very crucial in the gathering of most of the new players in the club, we are still aware of the lack of funds as a result he would be also taking roles of the chief scout for now till we can find a suitable replacement, he won't travel to scout players as the club would stick to home grown players for now but he would keep an eye out for recommendations from freelance scouts. "Kyle boldly stated.

    Sheridan did seem to think it was a bad idea at all, he could probably still pay Bradley exactly what he earned as a player or less and still keep him for the experience he brought to the team. The locker room atmosphere would probably improve with him around. He had a way with keeping the players on line. And his dedication always motivated the others to want to emulate him. 

    "We are in talks with retiring goalkeeper feuilaasier to assign him the role of the goal keeping coach and Isaac Badalotti would act as the head of youth development to oversee running of young players in the club, he was crucial to dramatic improvements from Unwin Jake, Kieran Harvey and Bill Cox." Kyle continued. "Fernando piergiacomi would also be added to the coaching staff, that way we have coaches and let these players retain their wages and not adding any strain to the payroll budget."

"Sound good to me, as long as it doesn't cost me more" Sheridan laughed off. I actually called the meeting to talk about your suggestions about coaching staffs, I thought I would need to break the bank to meet your demands but with your decision, I am more than happy to work with you. I also came to talk about jersey sponsorship, our kit sponsorship expires this season and they are not renewing due to fear we might be relegated in the near future. But before we run that, I would need to ask, what is our ex- female player doing here? Sheridan Questioned.

    Staring at the one time Retford star. He was the one who had to make the call about cutting the female team, he planned on investing more on the male team to improve their results. It obviously didn't work out well, staring at Anna Woodward now he could see it was a very wrong call. 

    "We do not have a youth team sir, she can provide one for us and in return we offer a little sponsorship to her academy, giving her the role of the under 19 coach. It's a win win for everyone, we just need to sign an affiliation contract with her team." Paula said.

   "What did I do right to deserve you Paula, you make everything so darn easy" Sheridan smiled. "This one is all Mr. Webb sir."  she said, dropping a smile at Kyle. "A lot of positives to take from this meeting." Sheridan smiled. "Paula, you and I find club sponsors while Kyle, we have 12 official first team players I agree with, the rest are below par, make me some money with your new staffs and sell them, all we only need 16 players to compete in the league get me four more talents and out with the old." Sheridan had a grin that touched his eyes.


   "That should conclude the meeting then Sheridan got up to leave, walking towards the door he turned back. "next season is going to be big guys...are you ready?"
EPILOGUE



Karen Brooks stood out side the hospital her husband Bradley Brooks was in for his injury. He had just gotten involved in a heavy knock with a Leamington player J.E Saunders. She wasn't much of a football fan so she barely watched her husband's games, now she thought of it, it was probably one of the reasons for their growing distance. He is barely at home, he spends most of hos time at the club, and even when he comes home, they are close but it still felt like they where distance apart. She heard the news late but rushed as soon as she heard it.

    Standing in front of the hospital she was really nervously about going in, she had gotten into a fight with Bradley a few days before his injury. He always left when they had quarrels and never stayed long enough to fix things. He always avoided confrontations. Maybe she poured most of her frustration on him because she really wanted a child and was having difficulties getting one. Or maybe it was his constant absence at home. She hated the fact that it felt like her husband had to choose between her and the team. And it always felt like he chose the team over her everytime. Maybe his early retirement was a good thing, they could both sit down and sort things out. Make the out time for each other. 

    Taking a deep breath Karen squeezed on the roses she had brought him. She couldn't hide her nervousness. She didn't know what shape she was going to meet him. Was he going to be brutally battered or would it just be a slight knock. She was always against sport she never understood why people would put their body on the line for absolutely no good reason. For kicking a ball around, twenty two men running around chasing over a stupid ball only to kick it away the moment they get it again? She never got the point to being passionate about it.

    Staring at the hospital clinic, the evening wind blew past her blowing a piece of her blonde hair across her face. She slowly peeled it off with her hands over her fair skin. Taking a bold step she walked right into the hospital biting on her red puckered lips. Staring around confused as people moved around, she seemed lost. Searching with her eyes she spotted the counter. Darting towards it in a hasty notion she reached for the front desk and asked in an intuitive manner. "I am looking for Mr. Brooks... Bradley Brooks, i was told he was admitted here, i would like to see him please."
    
    "Who are you to the patient?" The nurse in the front desk asked. "His wife!" She answered in agitation. "He is on the lower floor, the last room down the hall way on your left."
    
    Karen didn't wait for the nurse to finish before heading straight for where her husband was, following the directions. Her heart rate increased in anticipation of what she might see. She didn't know what to expect.

    On getting to his room she flung open the door. Both shocked and confused by what she found she stared into the room running her eyes around for confirmation. "He isn't here? Where could he be?" She mumbled under her breath. Was she in the wrong room? Or did she miss interpret the direction giving to her by the nurse? Slowly walking in while squeezing harder on her flower, she saw another nurse standing and rearranging the room. She seemed very pretty and young, a beautiful brunette slightly taller than Karen who was slightly starting to feel intimidated by her presence. Karen could notice Her breast where bigger and she might be way more beautiful. She hated her already.

    Karen quickly heading towards her asked. "I am looking for a Mr. Bradley Brooks, please, he is my husband and he was admitted here a while ago for an injury he got while playing for his team." The nurse turned to her with a bright smile. "You mean Bradley? He is a funny one, made me laugh all day, he just left a while ago, i think his coach and another woman very young came and took him away."

   Karen got furious, trying to mask her anger at how her husband had left her for his football buddies again, her anger built-up. Leering at the nurse angrily she wondered how she was quickly on a first name basis with her husband and who was the other woman who her husband went with? She was starting to feel very uncomfortable with the thought of how many women he probably saw every day being a football star and how that might relate to him not coming home. Brushing the thought aside he found a way to muster her next question.
   
   "Do you have any idea where they might have gone to? Did the coach say anything about where they might be headed? Karen raised an eyebrow. The nurse replied with a negative nod while shrugging to show she had absolutely no clue. Karen let out a disappointed sigh and let the flowers drop from her hand.

    Turning around slowly she hid the increasing rage that built up within her as she slowly walked out of the room. Feeling both frustrated and tired at the same time she made her way past the front counter. "Did you see him?" The nurse at the counter asked. She refused to dignify him with an answer as she strutted out of the clinic. She was giving it her all but it didn't seem like he was even trying. She angrily headed for her car, turning on the engine, she reved it in anger and drove away... 

? Back to top

-FOLLOW THE SEQUEL-
        
                                 
      Dream squad                Dream squad                Dream squad
   Scouting just got Easier             Life after retirement                Sink or swim
        $2.500                        $2.500                       $2.500
     Click to download?         Click to download?       Launch date not set?
        .  
     Dream squad                Dream squad                  Dream squad
   Journey of a veteran                Coming soon                      Coming soon
Launch date not set?            Coming soon?                Coming soon?

Next...
Local 3rd division player Bradley Brooks, gets offered an assistant coaching job at his boyhood club Retford.
But after finding his wife in Bed with another man, he finds it very hard to do his job...






