

DREAM SQUAD 
LIFE AFTER RETIREMENT
°°°
O. A ALEXIS 
°°°
A sequel to scouting just got easier...
°
°
°

∆
°∆LX books°
Publisher: Smashwords, Inc.

°°°


Publisher: Smashwords, Inc.
ISBN: 9780463081259
First published in 2020 by ∆LX Books,
°
°
°
°
°

All rights reserved. No parts of this publication maybe reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior permission of Alx books.

                           °°°
Properties of this novel are fiction, all characters and organization are entirely created out of imagination, any likeness to real life scenarios are entirely co-incidental and was not intended.


TABLE OF CONTENT

DEDICATION
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12


DEDICATION

To all the football fans out there and to fiction lovers, and to people who appreciate a good story when they see one. If you loved the first one, enjoy this one.





PROLOGUE


Lately after Bradley Brooks retirement he has been having issues getting on with what he wanted to do next he knew he had to have a passion for it first, retirement buddy Gregg Hill had already joined the commentary team ahead of the big season, he always knew Gregg would end up somewhere he could utilities that big mouth of his and he was really happy for him.

    Bradley had travelled out for a chance to earn his coaching license, he had thought of venturing into coaching at the end of his playing career and had gotten his license way earlier than expected after passing his exam in flying colors, apart from being an above average midfielder, there was very little Bradley was good at, but maybe this was something he could finally be excellent at, and he enjoyed giving orders. 

   Bradley had been offered a coaching role at boyhood club Retford but was yet to finalize the deal, he needed his continental license hence before the season begun, hence his travel. He had really missed his playing days but putting his body through strain never ended well for him, he quickly opened a container of pills he had on him and took a little to subside the pain he always felt around his knee. The injury that made sure he couldn't play again. After returning from injury he was on pain medications Which enabled him see his season through but now, even the slightest jog felt like pins stabbing through his knee cap. 

The evening breeze blew across his face as he pulled at his luggage, the Taxi who dropped him zoomed off. And he was left staring at his beautiful home again. Arriving home, he found his gate slightly open. Wondering if there was a break in, he saw an expensive Mercedes on the porch, his wife was probably hosting a party for the wags, he could hear music thumping from inside the house. 

     He was really stressed and wasn't about to deal with loud music now or a rave at this moment, should he go somewhere else and leave his luggage in the house till the party was over? He thought to himself. He didn't want to disturb her and her party at this moment, it might be problematic to and already strained marriage. 

   Bradley and his wife have been trying to have kids for a while, but things weren't working out, the stress had made them channel anger at each other a few times but they were always ready to work through things and she never stayed angry at him for long.

   He knocked on the door for a while but he was obviously sure they wouldn't hear him through all that partying noise. He tried calling but she wasn't picking up, she was probably lost in the whole party vibe. He rubbed at his blonde hair. And scratched slightly at his goatie, pondering what his next move was. 

  He decided to go for the spare key under the flower vase. Lifting the flower vase he bent and rummaged under the mat for a single tiny key. On finding it he pulled it out and stood back up. Making a slight sigh at the strain on his knees for even attempting to bend a little.
Unlocking the door, he noticed no party happening in the sitting room but a few things had been knocked over. Well if she and her friends messed up their home and drank all they want, she had all the time in the world to also clean things up. Maybe if he left the house now she would clean up before he returned. He should have warned her before coming back. Jumping on a plane and running back home without letting anyone know was an impulsive move. If he had told her, perhaps she might have picked him up from the airport and saved him all the stress he was causing his knee, right now. 

   Heading for his bedroom to drop his luggage and head out without disturbing. He could hear slight muffled sounds and moans from the kitchen. What where the girls up to this time, what weird game where they playing. His first instinct was to ignore them and head for the room but his curiosity wouldn't let  him be. He slowly followed his curiosity on. He passed the kitchen on looking inside he saw a dark figure on top his wife, someone was making love to his wife, she had her eyes closed, and on opening it she screamed. "Oh my god!" Scrambling for her clothes the man now looking for his pants, turning around, it was Anthony Asare, Bradley’s former teammate who just signed for Daventry.

   Filled with rage he swung his box at Asare and hit him to the ground, Asare made a run for it through the back door, Bradley tried to chase After him but his knees didn't take him far, he stopped and wondered if chasing and fighting Asare was worth it after all his wife was in her right senses when she let him in.

     Looking confused Bradley couldn't help but wonder "how long had this been going on? He had known Asare for a while and they had been teammates for quite some time, this could be way worse than he thought, now thinking back he realized that all the while he was in the hospital for a few days due to a gashed head in one of his game's against Leamington before his retirement, she barely showed up, way back some months ago. He assumed it was because of the way the doctor played down the whole situation but now he wasn't so sure. What kind of woman doesn't see her injured husband, maybe this love was dead and unsalvageable? 

  He loved his wife but if she still felt anything for him, she would not hurt him this way. He thought to himself.

   walking back into his home he could see his wife's eyes fill with tears as she was terribly sorry for what he had caught her doing, Bradley couldn't stay here, his mind was spinning, he wanted to confront his wife but he didn't know what to ask or where to start from. 

     Walking away he chose the high road and picked his box to head back out, she tried to hold him to get him to stay but he just kept moving, she wasn't about to follow him outside The house unclad and bare to the world.

    He quickly picked one of his car keys on the table and went straight for one of his vehicles, he could reel his heart get heavy and tears water his eyes ready to stream down, but he wasn't going to let that happen, he wasn't going to let this woman see how much she had hurt him, opening it, he angrily threw his box in and drove off.



CHAPTER 1


Newly appointed manager of Retford Kyle Webb and Paula McNamara lay flat on the bed feeling exhausted after an intense few hours of love making, panting at the top of their breaths like wild animals they lay there flat staring at the ceiling, "you are wonderful". Kyle blurted out with exhaustion, she had just drained every energy he could muster for the day. "You are too, with what you did back there." Paula smiled at him. "Where did you learn that? " She grinned. "You like? " Kyle said. She rolled her eyes, and stared at his clean shave, he had brown hair that matched his eyes and a slightly slim figure, he was good looking. 

    Paula a slightly pale brunette of average height in her late twenties who seemed to always be uptight. She wasn't one to let her hair down. Except when she was with Kyle. He had a way of making her let go. She laid down and stared at the ceiling using her eyes to appreciate the room. She laid in Kyles room, a dark brown painted room with dim lights. He really didn't like the excessive light at all.

    Paula and Kyle knew they shouldn't be doing this as co-workers but they couldn't keep their hands off each other after what happened in the last fixture of last season. Paula knew dating an employee was not right as she had been involved with a co-worker before and it never ends well but there was something about Kyle that drove her crazy and she couldn't help but continue staring at him. Her previous stint with play boy Asare had giving her a long lasting heart break. 

Kyle tried reaching for the head stand and pulled his phone closer, after his intense work out he wasn't sure he had it in him to do anything but press his mobile. Kyle was looking at his phone for the latest news in anticipation if what it wrote this time about him and his team, even though they had been in the peak of relegation battle last season, they were all over the news and this time for the right reasons, for the first time in years, fans where looking forward to the opening of the season.

The headlines read.
NEW REIGN AT RETFORD
"Redford’s decision to stick with head coach Webb Kyle seemed to have paid off as they survive relegation...read more...
ASARE ON BURST UP WITH TEAMMATES
"Anthony Asare has been said to be involved in a heated argument with most of his Daventry teammates and was found having street fights with fans... currently hospitalized...read more...
RETFORD SIGN 8
"Retford has successfully confirmed the acquisition of 8 new free agents as an attempt to show strength in an early furrow into the transfer market...read more...
TROUBLE IN PARADISE
"Club legend Bradley Brooks is said to be ready to undergo divorce with wife for reasons still undisclosed... read more... 

He was loving the first headline, skipping the one about former Retford player that he never actually had physical encounters with he smiled knowing the world wasn't ready for his signings yet. Looking at the at the news again he saw the news about club legend Bradley.

   The news about Bradley hit him hard and he felt he needed to be there for a friend who was there for him when he needed him. Also Bradley was his soon to be appointed Assistant coach and he didn't want anything getting in front of that.

   Turning towards Paula he showed her what was in his phone "baby check this out." He said. Paula looking at his phone quickly put her hand to her mouth. "Not to Bradley! He is such a good guy; he doesn't deserve a broken home." Paula was in dismay. " We have to see him and know how he is doing." Kyle starred into her eyes. Paula nodded in agreement. Kyle and Paula had dialed Bradley’s number; he wasn't picking up. It wasn't going to stop them though, they needed to know how he was doing at all cost. The call kept going to voice mails and Kyle was tired of leaving voice mails.

    Let me try Paula said calling him with her phone. Bradley didn't pick for the first few times but eventually picked, Paula went straight to business and asked. "Mr. Brooks? Where are you? I need to see you and speak to you." Kyle was confused. He didn't pick his call but he picked hers?

"Uhun...uhun....she nodded as she replied on the phone." Cutting the call, she turned towards Kyle. "He is at a nearby pub." Kyle dropped a quick response "Well let’s get going before he drinks himself to stupor!" They both got up, picking their clothes from the floor where they left it in the heat of the moment, Paula slipped into her elegantly tight gown and Kyle struggled to find his shoe. 


                           °°°

J. E Saunders the Leamington powerful center back had just woken from his sleep. He rubbed at his face as he looked around his large room. . His brown hair matched his brown eyes and extremely large figure. He had a non ending headache. Looking at his side was the beautiful Selina Silvanei, his girlfriend turned fiancé, The sun beams bounced off her dark hair and her skin always tanned was still as smooth as ever. She was curvey. Her torso shaped under the bed covers. There relationship had just moved to the next level which delighted his, he really loved her, leaning closer he dropped a kiss on her forehead, before getting up, he felt a strong pain around his rib region, that was due to his previous preseason game weeks ago. Against Daventry, Leamington went toe to toe with Daventry in preparation ahead of the next season, and he was in the second division with Leamington after gaining promotion through the playoffs, that gave him a little excitement but the pain by his side quickly brought him back to his senses. 

     He had been very much overpowered in their last game by Anthony Asare, the muscular striker was one of the only people he had ever seen play dirtier than him throughout his career. He had tried bringing down the striker as a defender throughout the whole game but had ended up hurting himself a lot and giving the audience a few laughs during the game. At least one of those knocks got in because news showed Asare was hospitalized, at least the guy learnt not to mess with him again, though it seemed he got more scares than the other guy this time. 

      Getting up from the bed his towering figure covered the room. Walking into the bathroom he quickly went for his pain relief and took two pills. Memories of his collision flashed through his brain, it had been days ago but it still traumatized his mind. He took another two pills just to ease his pain. It wasn't working.

     He needed to get better, he had training this morning and the squad retained list would be announced today. Not that it matters, he was an integral part of the squad and wasn't going to be released. His contract ran out by the end of last season but he was having contract talks this morning. Taking a quick shower, he brushed his mouth and dried his body getting ready to go to work.

      Selina had already woken up and was making coffee, " are you having some before you go out baby?" She asked. "Don't worry I would be fine" Saunders replied. " Hope you get that contract today baby." She added. "Of course babe, the new season would be epic." Saunders gave a large grin, he could have kissed her goodbye but he rejected when she attempted one. He wasn't about to deal with morning breath right now.

     Saunders headed for his very expensive SUV. Selina watched him and sipped her coffee as his car pulled out and left the house.

    He drove happily, ignoring the pain at his sides. His life had turned well for the better, from playing in the 5th division to getting signed by Leamington. Now he was going to start his season in the 2nd division. He had a beautiful house, lovely cars and a beautiful girlfriend to top it all off. Maybe his career kicked off a little later than is should have but at least he was soon going to be part of the big leagues. 

     Saunders arrived at training slightly late and got off his car picking his kit bag and walking into the stadium. The Leamington Stadium which was very large, held up to 30,000 capacity. The beautiful Stadium, a spectacular sight to behold was graced with green and white colors to reflect the true colors of the team. 

    On entering he could see people giving him the strange stare as he headed for the retained list ahead of the season. From what he noticed, Leamington where releasing a lot, it didn't bother him. "Good riddance." He muttered seeing one of the youth players walk off in anger after being released. This way the club would sign enough quality to take them to the first division.

    Heading towards the list pasted on the wall inside the training center. There was a large crowd of players clamouring around the retained list to know their fate, many youth players who where not good enough but where believed to have potential where offered to clubs for loan and alot of the first team players left in disappointment of getting released and loosing their jobs. Dissatisfaction clouded alot of players face as they would not reap the fruits of their labour. After working hard to get into the second division they won't last long to actually play in it. With alot of players contract not getting renewed, Saunders was starting to get worried about his own. He pushed the crowd surrounding the list and checking the list he was filled with anger as he pushed everyone aside and thundered for the manager’s office. 

      Walking through the hall way straight to a green room with glass doors, he pulled it open aggressively, if none of the other players had the guts to speak up, he was going to have to do the talking for himself. They had no right to release him after all the hard work he put in place to get the club to where it was right now. Stepping into the manager’s office Saunders had all the aggression in the world following him into the room. "What the hell is going on? Why am I getting released?" Saunders thundered. "I am an integral part of this squad, the last season’s team was built around me." He said.

     "Exactly Mr. Saunders, in quote 'last season' when we wanted to defend, we are in the second division now, a squad overhaul is only the right thing to do. Mr. Saunders with all due respect you are a no nonsense center back with no basic skill of dribbling or technicality for buildup. You're old school. And you would be 32 soon, last season told on you, the pre-season is still telling on you, you are getting owned out there in your own game week in week out, you have to play dirty to keep up and get carded in almost every 3 games, we want a different kind of defensive play from now on." The manager stated

      "You have been an integral part of the squad but your services are no longer needed and contract renewal for you would not commence. All 3years of your time here is appreciated, you shall be fully compensated even though the club doesn't have to." The manager continued. 

Realization hit Saunders as his stats flowed before his eyes, he always thought he was a good defender who commanded the back line... Apparently he thought wrong. 

   Signing for Leamington had been a dream come true, before signing for them he had played in the 5th division, he had joined them in the 3rd division and had struggled to bring them to the second, he knew he was an average player but he always had in mind that if he put in a lot more effort, he could perform at his peak every game. It had worked for him all this year. Or so he thought.

     Saunders felt light headed and his legs felt wobbly like they couldn't hold him up for long, slowly turning and walking away he headed out of the office. He had the same expression most of the players had when he was coming in, only that his was slightly worse. He slowly walked out of the stadium and headed for his car. He went for the door and locked himself. Trapping himself inside the car. He needed a plan and fast...if he didn't find a solution he would be stuck a free agent ahead of the new season. Picking up his phone he dialed away for his agent... 

                           °°°

Kyle and Paula walked into the bar as Paula searched with her eyes for Bradley Brooks. The Pub was dark and slightly empty. It wasn't the type in which alot of people visited or the press might have filled the place to get words from Bradley about his predicament. Looking at the counter she could see a depressing figure at the counter doing shots to himself. “there you are..." Paula said as she and Kyle showed up from behind Bradley. "Come join the party guys, don't let me party alone, Bradley said as he chugged down another glass. "How are you doing Buddy?" Kyle asked. "Never better!" Bradley replied. How are you holding up, we heard the news Mr. Brooks?” Paula tapped his back. Bradley nodded before chuckling and laughing which quickly turned into a sob.

"He has been here all night." the bartender whispered. Kyle nodded at him." We would let you know when to cut him off." Kyle whispered, the bartender in comprehension before walking away.

    "Sorry about what happened Bradley but I know I shouldn't pry because it’s not my business but what exactly went down?" Paula asked. "You know what? Am not sorry for knowing what is going on with you Bradley because everyone in Retford, from the staff to the players are a family and families stand for each other." Paula agitated, and Kyle nodded in support sitting at the other side of Bradley. "so tell us what really happened?" Kyle said patting Bradley's back.

     Taking a big sigh, Bradley rubbed his hand over is face staring at Kyle and turning his gaze to Paula. "She cheated on me guy's." Bradley let under his breath. 
     
     "What?! Why? "Paula was in confusion. "I don't know, we had the normal day to day arguments that I think is healthy for couples, we had been having issues having kids. It created a lot of tension between us so I thought giving her space would be the best. Plus, it seemed like a good opportunity to travel for my coaching license at the moment, I got back and she was humping that Asare guy, that fucking idiot destroyed my marriage." Bradley was getting furious. " Wait who?" Kyle asked. 
     
     Paula rolled her eyes "that douchebags!" She muttered under her breath. “Wait...who is this guy getting on every one's nerve and Paula you know this guy?" Kyle stared at her. Paula now confused and short of words. "They used to date through his Period at the club." Bradley pointed out taking another shot of his drink. “wait, and you never told me this Paula?" Kyle stared at her. "Come on, it’s her private matter. " Bradley butt in, having no idea what was going on between them. 
     "I wanted to tell him myself Brooks, you didn't have to." Paula frowned. "Why is this a big deal?" Bradley said. " It’s not like there is something going on between you guys." Now feeling tipsy and woozy. "Wait!... Is there something going on between you guys?" Bradley stared at the two of them with woozy eyes. Paula and Kyle both stared at each other.
     
    "Paula and Kyle..." Bradley laughed and intertwined his finger together, quickly turning his drunken laugh to a frown. "Paula, you know dating again within the staff is trouble right? And this is your second strike." Bradley burped as he spoke.
    
    Paula gasping for air from the stench of his burp. "Ok Mr. Brooks you have had enough drinks for today. We need to get you back home. "Paula tried raising him up and giving Kyle a face that said help me lift him. Kyle was lost in the thought of Paula and Anthony Asare together, he didn't know him personally but he had seen him play the muscular beauty of a man was gracious on the pitch. Was he feeling intimated by the idea of her being with someone else? Where they even exclusive? He wasn't sure. But one thing he was sure of was he didn't like the idea of her and Anthony Asare ever being together. "I have no home!" Bradley blurted out. “then we take you to mine." Paula said, raising his voice was giving them attention they didn't need from others in pub. Lifting Bradley Brooks they headed for the car "that dumb fool Asare Good thing he was hospitalized, probably from his collision in the friendly against Leamington." Paula said. "Nope!" Bradley burped again. "I hit him on the head after I caught him with her. He wouldn't be pressing charges though, I know he wouldn't want to explain the whole story to the world."

Trying to force Bradley into the car was one of the most difficult task in the world, a man that tall and athletic mean both Kyle and Paula had a hard time directing him where he didn't want to go. Paula held the door open while Kyle tried to force Bradley into the back seat. His protest made it almost impossible until his head struck against the car before he went in, the slight hit on the head had reduced his protest, all Bradley wanted to do was get some sleep at the cosy back seat of the car. He slowly curled up in a ball and got comfortable at the back, mumbling words Kyle could not make out. Kyle adjusted his feet before slamming the door and heading for the front seat to take the wheel.
    
    The ride back was a quiet and awkward as Kyle kept his eyes on the road and Paula kept her gaze outside the window staring at the street lights at night. Bradley was deep asleep as a dead log in the back seat. If the police had stopped them that moment they would have mistook him for a dead body.
    
  They both avoided each other's stare and Paula didn't want any confrontations. Kyle was still thinking about how he was going to ask her about her previous relationship. Figuring out a way to put his words out at the moment felt like a very difficult task for him.   
 
    Getting to Paula's home, Bradley realized he had never been to her place before? All the action happened in his place, did he even know anything about her or where they just having sex? And her Condo looked way better than his. It was a massive structure that had at least 6 bedrooms. A gazebo, and a big pool in front with beautiful night lights. Parts of the building partitioned by glass and the other parts with expensive wall stones. It was way above her pay grade. Opening the door Kyle carried Bradley in, while Paula held the door open. It was 10 times bigger too. "The bedroom is at the back” she said pointing towards a faraway direction out back. Kyle carried Brooks through what seemed like an unending hall way that span all the way down, finally getting to the last room, he opened the door and settled him down on the bed to sleep.

    On coming out of the bedroom Kyle was heading straight for the door when Paula held his hands and dragged him close kissing him and making a slight nimble on his lower lips. "Not now Paula" he groaned. "Not with Bradley in your bedroom." Paula licked at his neck as he groaned more. "I have 5 more." She whispered. "5 more?! ." Kyle stepped back, pulling her away. "What’s wrong? What? You can't handle a woman being richer than you?" She raised an eyebrow. " No not that..." Kyle said. 

    "Because my father left this for me. Besides you earn more than me as head coach. You would catch up in no time." Paula smirked, Kyle looked away. "Wait! It’s not even about that?" Paula stared around and at the ceiling and back at him in realization before smiling at one side of her cheek. "Is this about what Bradley said?"

     "What did Bradley say?" Kyle shrugged. "About what I had with Anthony Asare? Because that is over, I am completely over that, we have nothing together, it’s done!" Paula assured Kyle." Besides your more of a man that he would ever be she said kissing and pulling him over to the guest room. She knew how to push his buttons. "you’re just saying that, have you seen the biceps on that dude?" Kyle joked. " It’s your bicep I want." Paula teased. "You sure about that?" Kyle asked. Giving a seductive smile Paula replied. "Positive." 


                           °°°

    The lights from the condo of J.E saunders mansion was lit brightly and shown over the large compound. The pool lights where on hiding the darkness of the night. Saunder driving into his house let out a sigh, after a hard day this was his only solace. He planned on going inside, taking a hot shower and heading straight to bed. He didn't know what he was going to do about Selina, he wasn't too sure if he was ready to tell her anything about him getting released from the club. Maybe he could hold onto the news till tomorrow. Now wasn't the right time to talk about this things, all he wanted to do was relax and get some rest.
     
    Saunders parked his car and quickly  coming down from the vehicle he headed inside. He had been on the phone all day with his agent who had been running all around offering him to clubs in the second division. It was late at night already and no one seemed to be very much interested in his services. Strolling inside his home he tried the door knob but it was locked. Reaching for his key in his pocket he fixed it in and tried the knob one more time before opening the door and walking in.
    
    Staring around he noticed how empty the building was, where was Selina? She was supposed to be home. He walked past the parlour. The television was on but he barely paid attention to it. "Selina?!" He called out. Heading to the kitchen to see if she was in there. "Selina?!" He called out again. Standing confused he wondered where on earth she could have gone too. 

     Thinking about it he could think of many possible places she could be, for one she was the life of the party, she was a social media model and she loved to go out and have fun at night alot but this was unusual, she always told him where she went to, incase anything happened or went wrong, she wouldn't just leave the house like that.
    
    Maybe she was asleep in the room. He walked up the stairs to see if she was in the room. "Selina?!" He called again, but no one answered. He was starting to get worried. Opening the room door he peeked inside, it was dark, walking in and searching for the light switch, he stumbled on a stool before finding the switch. He turned it on but no one was inside. Heading out side the room he searched other rooms in the house, going for every nook and cranny. 

 Picking up his phone from his pocket he clicked on his speed dail where he had her number. Dialing it, it rang, he tapped on the ground with his toes as he waited impatiently for her to pick. The line went dead after a while of ringing without anyone picking up. He went for the redial and hit it again. This time pacing around impatiently. The phone rang again for a while and went dead again without anyone picking up. Dialing again for the third time, and alert came in from the network provider that the phone was switched off. Saunders now very worried put his phone in his pocket and went downstairs. 

    Looking at his phone again he dailed for the police, maybe something had happened to her. He was very nervous. The police picked up the phone pretty fast, stuttering Saunders began to spill. "I would like to file a missing persons report please.... Yes... My girlfriend... Actually my fiancee... I went out early today with her at home and when I got back, she wasn't there anymore... I think she might have been taken from my home...  I know its too early to report this but I just know she is missing and something is wrong...No there are no signs of struggle..." Saunders said looking around for any traces of a fight or anything broken, he walked through the stairs. 
 
    Passing the parlour again he returned back to see what was going on on the television. There was a rerun of the transfer news. Apparently and earlier live show had aired earlier in the evening. Listening to it he saw the reporter talk about the Leamington overhaul. His face came on the screen and pictures of other players being let go by the club followed. The news of him loosing his job was out way earlier than he proposed.

    Hanging up the call he tried to put together what was going on. He went back up stairs to their bedroom. The lights where still on, entering the room, this time avoiding the stool he hit before, he went straight for the wardrobe, pulling it wide open, he looked through it, breathing hardly he took a step back and ran his hands through his hair. All her clothes where missing.

    He ran to his drawer and slid it open, his watches where gone, all of them, his valuable collection was no where to be foy anymore. He stood confused trying to fix it all together. Did she find out about his transfer before he did and make a run for it? Was she playing his all along? Was he almost married to a grifter? He pulled out the drawer and flung it across the room aggressively, balling his hand into a fist and punching hard on the mirror on the wall. He immediately regretted it, retracting his hand in pain he stared at his knuckles to see the blood drip down his hands. "She was a goddamn grifter." He heaved in and out in anger. She had left him for dead and ran away with what ever valuables she could get her hands on. 

    Pacing around in his home he wondered how he could have been so foolish? And how he let her get the better of him, how she had tricked him into thinking she was in love with him. She should have seen the signs. She had a record of drifting from one footballer to another slowly building her reputation from the lower leagues to the top division. For Godsakes he literally thought he stole her from the looser Kyle Webb, but maybe she just left him cause his career was over and jump onto the next big thing, and now he was going down too she was probably leaving him. All the signs where there, how he chose to ignore it all baffled him. He had never been tricked by someone so much in all his time as a footballer, he didn't think he was stupid enough to be deceived by a grifter, apparently he was wrong. With him loosing alot of valuables he definitely needed that transfer now...
CHAPTER 2

It was the first training for Retford ahead of the new season. The Retford training center which was not too far away from the main stadium was looking in good shape ahead of the new season, the turfs had just been redone and new training equipments had been provided for the squad. With the new players their was a glimpse of hope for the squad this season. The chairman of the club had made a hasty decision in selling majority of the squad members to raise funds, keeping the few exceptional additions that new head coach Kyle Webb had provided towards the end of last season and only retaining a hand full of players from the previous squad. Training was about to kick off and the players looked very sharp, with very little or no depth in the first team, the newly affiliated Under19 team headed by Anna Woodward trained with the first team.

    Kyle showed up to training looking prepared and handing out team instructions even after his all night tryst with Paula, turning towards her he saw her wink at him as he returned a smile, whereas Bradley showed up looking wasted and had dark shades on to hide the light from his dilated pupils, he was hungover after his drinking spree last night but he had made an appearance for the team even though he was yet to officially sign his contract as assistant coach. His face was covered in unshaved stubbles all over his cheek and his hair was uncombed. He had little at his disposal to prepare for the day with after waking up at Paula's place, he had also shown up to training today with the same clothes he had on yesterday. The bright morning light hurt his eyes and a mild headache tormented him ever so slightly. Rubbing the back of his neck the felt his mouth go very dry, he was also extremely thirsty this morning. Feeling very disoriented today he put his hands on his waist.

    Retford's attempt to add four new players to the first team on Chairman Sheridan's laynes request was proving a chore as Kyle didn't want to rush into signing anyone they might regret, The club has had a bad history of desperate buys and their transfers where mostly motivated by the media's speculations. Kyle wanted to get it right, he wanted the best players for the team, he didn't want someone earning a salary for just showing up. He wanted squad players he could count on. The chairman's demand seemed a little too impossible because Kyle had to get this talents as cheap as possible which meant he had alot of scouting to do and at the same time he had to show up for training every day to keep the players ready. There were still days before the first fixture and Kyle was ready to wait. He didn't mind a last minute signing on the last day of the transfer window.

   The Beautiful brunette, Anna Woodward was in charge of the Under19 who went toe to toe with the Retford team. Kyle figured if he could get a few talents from the reserves, it might save him time and cost. He also didn't want to be to hasty to promote someone who wasn't good enough or someone who wasn't ready.

     The Under19 had promise but they were still miles away from the first team. The team where getting ready for and intra-squad match. The reserve team dawned an orange jacket on there kits to help differentiate from the main team who wore their main kit. Kyle didn't want his team playing friendly matches against the start of the season he was worried he might give coaches a time to tinker on a solution to his magic squad And he was also afraid to let fatigue set in too early if he used his squad players when the season had not begun, they might get tired and worn out with only a few games into the season or worse, get injured in a friendly game before the season even kicked off. He also felt intrasquad games would help improve the youth team as well. Putting the first team against the reserves seemed like the only reasonable option at the moment.

 The intrasquad squad for the first team read.
 Marco Bracanto 22' between the sticks,
three of his most hard working and improved youth players,
In the defense...
Bill Cox 20' and Kieran Harvey 21' years of age
Offensive full backs...
Lorenzo and Guillermo Zalazar 19' the two twins where very identical and literally almost impossible to tell apart.
In the midfield
Justice Yeboah 20' as a deep lying playmaker with...
David Harnik 18' and Michal Baranoviskyi 19' to boss the midfield
On the right and left wing...
Pacey Chanon Hongthong 18' and Xavier Udo 19' respectively
Young youth striker 
Unwin Jake 20' starts in front.
26-year-old second choice goal keeper Anderson Gowan was on the sticks for under 19 side and new addition of 16-year-old defender Omar juari was in too still under contention if he was ready for the first team or not but he was versatile and could field on both ends of the full back role, a defender and occasionally as a defensive midfielder. Anna Woodward had put in a good word about him as one of the most improved players on the reserves, the player was touted to have alot of potential and deep down Kyle was hoping it was true, any player who was good enough to solve his problems of squad depth was welcome, plus promoting a reserve player was way more cost effective to signing one. The young defender wasn't all that tall, but made up for his lack of height in pace and agility.he always wore his socks short and had the tenacity of a wild horse. His thick black hair was styled into a perm and contrasted against his brightly tanned skin. 

   Kyle had a young squad that would carry the club’s legacy for years to come. That was the plan. He wanted to have a steady first team that he could build up on for a long period of time. He was trying his best to avoid the uncertainty of signing and selling, and struggling in the transfer window every mid year. He wanted a financial slate at the club that provided stability and also won trophies. 

    The intrasquad match had kicked off but hadn't gone on for long. Before what looked like a streaker came running down the pitch. Only her clothes where all in order, she was heading directly for Bradley when the security team who had been after her for a while quickly caught on to her. "I am sorry I didn't know what came over me. I just thought a little fun might help fix our tension, I was wrong please!" She screamed at the top of her voice. She seemed determined to get what she wanted and tried her best to fight off the security as much as possible. Her efforts brought no results as she was dragged off the pitch. 

    Her actions conflicted Bradley and sent him in a frenzy of thoughts, as he walked through the tunnel he didn't know which pain hurt the more, the one from his head or the one in his heart. He didn't appreciate drama he didn't like the public display at all. When the incident had happened, he had tried keeping everything under wraps, he didn't want anyone knowing about his business, he just wanted to go for a clean simple divorce that attracted little attention.

      Paula realizing it was Bradley’s wife when she saw Bradley walk out and down through the tunnel, she quickly gave Kyle a signal to follow up and check if he was doing okay.

     Kyle walked hastily to catch up with Brooks, who was headed for the locker room showers. "Hey! Hey! Look at me. Its ok man, don't let that distract you. Put that past behind." Kyle said. "Easy for you to say. You don't have anyone embarrassing you in front of a team you are trying to earn respect from." Bradley replied. "Bradley the team already respects you, you’re a veteran legend. Some of this boys played with you last season. They understand you." Kyle put his hand in his pocket, bringing out a pen and a printed paper. "Here one signature and we can delve into work, forget about distractions from out personal life." Kyle said. "Really?! Now? You bring out a contract now? I told you I needed time to think." Bradley replied.

      "No time is ever the right time Bradley...So what do you think?" Kyle spread his hands out. "First training session for the pre-season Bradley, and me and you are about to school the boys and take them to the next level." Kyle’s smile quickly turned into confusion as silence dawned the environment.

    Bradley was quiet and had not giving a reply yet, he was conflicted about his decision and wasn't sure if he wanted to do that anymore. "I don't know if am ready for this." He replied. "I have a lot going on with the divorce and you have a lot on my mind".
    
     "Then let football be your distraction!" Kyle screamed in an attempt to try to get him to see things his way. "You don't get it. Its why I didn’t want to pick your calls or talk to you earlier, your passionate for football which is good, but you’re a stone for everything else, you love someone, you spent all your life with that person, and you want to make it work with that person so bad, but just like that, the person throws it all away...it’s a lot to process Kyle." Bradley was getting watery eyes. 
     
     "Actually I do, I have had my heart broken a few times" Kyle was trying to be compassionate. "Where you married to any of them? " Bradley stared in his eyes. "No..." Kyle put his head down while replying. "Then you don't know how I feel." Bradley fired back walking away. 

    Kyle headed back to the squad, his attempt to convince Bradley into becoming Retford's assistant manager had been fruitless, few weeks ago Bradley was dieing for the job, but due to recent happenings he seemed to feel unsure about dedicating his time to it. He had to admit he had terrible timing, maybe he was being a little too self absorbed on that one. A friend was going through alot and he was pulling out a contract. Paula stared at Kyle wondering how things had went. Kyle gave a negative nod on his return. And club chairman Sheridan was in the pitch with the staffs, the whole fuss had left him ill-humored.

    He rushed down from his office as soon as he heard noise from the pitch, the season had not begun and he was already dealing with drama. His first reaction was to cut the twig that held the problem but firing Bradley at a moment like this was a bad decision when he wasn't even an official staff yet, and finding a good assist coach for Kyle was not something he wanted to get into right now. He rather let the manager handle this one. 

       "What is going on here Mr. Kyle? I heard something about Bradley bringing his dirty linens to my squad training." Sheridan creased his eye brows at Kyle. "Not at all sir, just a minor misunderstanding, we have it all under control." Kyle reassured him. "Have you finalized his contract yet?" Sheridan gave a worried stare. " Almost we are working on it." Kyle said. "Jesus Kyle. Our first fixture starts in a few weeks. We still have a few positions to fill in the squad and now I don't have an assistant coach?" Sheridan raised an eyebrow. "It would all be sorted, trust me Mr. Layne." Kyle assured.

    Sheridan walked away shaking his head. Kyle turned his attention to Paula and the coaching staffs. "What did he say?" Paula seemed worried. "He is having second thoughts about all this." Shrugged Kyle. "I really needed Bradley, the whole squad loved and respected him. He relates with them on a level even I don't." Kyle said. "Then we have to get him back." Paula gave a Stern reply. Kyle turned towards the squad. "Alright boys enough with the distractions training continues!"

    The players who had been intrigued by the show down tried to gather their concentration and head back to what they where doing earlier before the whole issue. They sluggishly got back to training, that was the most exciting thing some of them had seen in weeks. 

    Training went on, but the recent drama had put the team out of place. Kyle decided on drills instead of the previously intended intrasquad game. He didn't have time to watch each of them perform any more, there where more pressing issue for him, even though he really wanted to see the kid Omar juari play. He would just have to hope on luck, and hold Anna Woodward to her words that the kid is as good as she says he is. As the squad players went through drills easily. Unwin Jake Retford only striker at the moment looking at the manager saw him have conversations with the chairman and he didn't know what they were talking about. "Any idea what is going on?" Team captain Kieran Harvey looked at Unwin. "Beats me." He shrugged. "How about we all focus on the football aspect of things and let them sort that out." Winger Chanon Hongthong smiled while jogging past them. It wasn't a problem for Unwin, he had alot more on his mind. looking at the stands. Floyd Unwin, jakes grandfather sat in the stands and cheered on, he was relentless and never missed a game or a training, unless if it was a private club training. "Grandpa Floyd showed up today again as always. He never misses our sections." Bill Cox, Retford defender and best friend of Jake smiled as he jogged past, Guillermo and Lorenzo Zalazar the twin fullbacks of Retford on the left and the right, jogging past Jake who was returning a wave from his grandpa. "You just gotta love family man." Lorenzo said as his long curly hair flew from left to right. "We would kill to bring our mother from Uruguay here." Guillermo said, he packed his hair in a ponytail, identical as they where, one thing they never agreed on was how there hair would be styled.

   Unwin jogged toward his grandfather in the stands leaning he asked. "Is he here?" Floyd's face looked down casted. "Sorry son he couldn't make it, he had something's to attend to." Floyed said. " But he promised to be there at the opening game of the season in a few days." Floyd said. Letting him down easy. Jake lit up." Okay... can't wait."  

                           °°°

    Karen Brooks stood in the middle of her house in what used to be a home for her and her husband, confused. The very large house now seemed way bigger. With all the comfort she had she didn't seem relaxed at all. Her home wasn't much of a home without her husband in it. The building echoed back every noise thrown at it. She used to be so comfortable here even when Bradley spent alot of time in training and barely came home, maybe it didn't feel so lonely them because she knew no matter how long he spent out working, he would always come home. Now she wasn't so sure. Alot of crazy thoughts have been going through her mind of late, crazy thoughts that where loud enough to make her run publicly into a training session. Remembering what she had done the thought made her shudder at how much she had embarrasses herself, but she would probably do it again if it would bring him back. She didn't know why she did what she did. He house door flung open as Carolyne layne walked in. The red haired woman was around her late fourties but still looked as ravishing as ever. Her bright brown eyes where filled with a fastidious glare. She wasn't expecting the door to be open when she tried the knob but it seemed Karen was to conflicted to care. If she left her door wide open then the case must really be so serious she forgot to lock it. There husband's shared a professional relationship of chairman and player back when Bradley played for Retford but the wags had formed a sort of bond, and Karen looked up to Carolyne as an older more experienced person to seek advise from.

   "What where you saying on the phone honey? You kept crying I could get a damn word you where saying, I rushed as soon as possible because I knew it had to be an emergency." Carolyne said.

    "I think I and Bradley might be done." Karen said with tears running down her eyes. "Done how?" Carolyne looked confused. "We might be over." Karen explained. "Wait... What?!? If that prick thinks he can just throw you away because he got a good job offer after you stood by him all this years, he has another thing coming." Carolyne looked wrathful. "No.. no... I did something bad... Really bad." Karen chocked on her words as her emotions got the better of her.
    
    "What did you do Karen?" Carolyne gave a menacing stare. "I slept with an someone." Karen blurted out. "Who?" Carolyne was enraged. "I don't know? A friend...what was his name again?" Karen stuttered. "Who?!" Carolyne asked. "I think he said his name was Anthony... I guess? He used to play with Bradley as teammates. I don't know what got over me!" Karen was jumbled up.
    
    "Anthony Asare?!? That fool tried to rape my daughter last year?!? He is the reason Asher doesn't go to her father's working place anymore! Of all people Karen? What did you see in a scum like that?" Carolyne looked very vexed and apoplectic. "You should have better standards than that? You should know better than to do what you did, I do not mean to judge you but I really can't find any reasonable excuse you might give acceptable as to why you would do such."

    "I know I messed up, but I would do anything to get him back." Karen whimpered. "Don't worry, Bradley is a good man, you would get him back, he loves you." Carolyne affirmed Karen. "You don't think I know that? Yesterday I ran into his training session. I don't know why I did that. I just wanted him to hear me out. Ever since the incident Happened he doesn't pick my calls or talk to me, I had to reach him somehow." Karen sniffed as she poured out her heart. "I don't think a public display of madness is the right way to fix things Karen. You might have gone a bit over board there." Carolyne tried to calm her down. "How else was I supposed to get him to listen to me?" Karen sobbed on. 
    
    Karen looking disoriented rambled on. "I don't know, I love my husband alot, I and Bradley just argued alot lately, we where not in talking terms and he travelled for a coaching license... I really don't know how it happened. I was drunk and ... And it just happened. " 
    
    Carolyne put a fist to her face in an attempt to hold her anger. "And how did he react to all this?" She asked. "React?" Karen was puzzled.  "What did he do when he saw you?" Carolyne thundered. "He walked off... He just walked off. " Karen cried. Carolyne steering deep at Karen said." Oh Karen. What have you done?" 

                           °°°
       
    Saunders hung up his phone after a disappointing call with his agent they had still not been able to find him a new club and time was running out. He needed a solution and a quick one as at that. 

       His career had only kicked off a few years ago, he was a late bloomer and had not gathered enough riches, if he didn't play soccer, he was going to go broke fast, he didn't have a stable financial system which was partly due to his fiancee's over spending some times. 

    His agent wasn't giving him good news and he now felt maybe he was overpaying the scumbag for very little or no service at all. This was desperate times that requires desperate measures. There was only one guy he knew who could fix this.

     Parking his SUV right in front of a little office, he scoffed. "How the mighty has fallen" he was looking at his former agent who he knew could get things done, walking in he opened the door, on the counter was a very young looking lady, a teenager, maybe 19, probably just graduated from college. Her name tag read "Asher Layne." Walking towards her he quickly went for business. "I would like to speak to Ian Bates." Saunders said. "Let me check if he is available sir." She said. "Oh cut the crap... Bates barely has clients, he has nothing better doing." Saunders walked right through the secretary and straight into Bates office. Ian who was in the middle of a power nap was stunned and awoke to the stare of desperation in Saunders eyes. "We need to talk."

     "I tried to tell him you where busy sir."  The secretary tired to tell Bates. " Its okay Asher, I know this one." 

      Taking a seat Saunder scratched at his hair. "Okay you can just make yourself at home then." Bates gave a sarcastic reply. " I'm in big trouble uncle Ian,I am in a big mess." Saunders said."Calm down Saunders, what is wrong." Bates said. "Those fuckers had the guts to release me." Saunders was burning red with furry. "They wouldn't even trigger an extension." Saunders wondering as Bates looked completely calm. "You don't seem surprised?" Saunders stared. "Look, when I got you your contract to the big leagues to Leamington last 3 years, you let your dear uncle go because you thought you needed better agents to handle the more challenging issues of the big leagues, and I respect that I let you do your thing, you had a very good brilliant first to seasons, now if I was your agent I would have requested an extra 3 years contract with better pay when you where still needed by the club, but your almighty new agent let your contract expire, now am not saying he is a bad agent, but you know the thing about top agents some times?" Bates asked. "What?" Saunders frowned. "They always have too much clients, and they always concentrate on the one that brings the most revenue at the time. Your agent probably forgot about your contract till it expired. He won't tell you he forgot though. " Bates smiled.

      "That scumbag screwed me over? So what do we do now?" Saunders said." Look I don't have as much connections as I used to  but I would see what I can do, judging by the fact that you came here, I am thinking your agent has been calling other clubs and no one wants an old fashioned defender Saunders. You might have to drop a tier."Bates gave Saunders a funny look. Back to the third tier. " No... No... I worked my ass off for that team to get into the second tier. I am not about to throw all that away and head back to third. " Saunders was furious. " You haven't played a game in the second tier yet, none of their teams have seen you compete, and I bet if they did they won't be too impressed either. Your only option now is to join a team that has a possibility of promotion with a good squad this season and cling as they skyrocket you back up." Bates gave his sincere opinion. Saunders pondered through his options looking lost and confused for a while. "So what team do you suggest then?" Saunders said. "The  only team unprepared and lacking squad depth in the whole league even with the transfer market closing in a week. RETFORD. " Bates gave a dirty smile.


     "You... You must be joking. Tell me your joking uncle, I can't go to Retford? They survived relegation last season and ... And ... They can't even afford my wages."Saunders gave a sarcastic reply looking left to right.

       "Is that really the problem? I feel you can take a pay cut saunders, and I know for one thing, Retford has done an overhaul, there squad would beat a first division team hands down. I think we both know what the problem is Saunders." Bates looked at Saunders. " Maybe there new headcoach scares you, maybe it's because you ending his playing career with a ghastly injury was intensional judging how dirty you play. Maybe you couldn't stand the disappointing youth player getting one over a prestigious defender of the 5th tier as yourself."

       Saunders directed his stare anywhere but at Bates in guilt. "You couldn't just control your temper could you? And you never gave that kid an apology for ending his lifes dream. And you had the balls to take a woman he used to date." Bates turned his smiles to frowns.

       "What me and Selina have is love." Saunders replied. " Oh really? And how is that love holding up since you lost your contract?" Bates asked but Saunders had no reply as he stared at the ground, Bates muttered in anger. "That what I thought." 
CHAPTER 3

The league had officially begun and it was the opening game of the season, Retford take on there first fixture ahead of the competition. A match that decides how the teams performance might be, season long. The sun dimmed slightly and the evening breeze blew ahead of the great occasion. The home game for Retford Albion was a one to see, the fans filled the stadium in anticipation of what their new signings brought to the table and to see what else the coach who saved them from relegation last season had up his sleeves. The fans cheered and drowned their opponents fan noise to intimidate the opposition players, beating them in number. A slight part of the stadium was filled with Desborough fans while the Retford fans surrounded the remaining parts of the stadium. Having a packed staduim today meant Retford had to make it count of they wanted to keep the fans coming. Ticket sales help the club finances and every one at the club fully understood that. 

     "Retford had dawned on the white shirt and the occasional black short for the season, flaunting there new sponsors, as they faced Desborough who dawned an all lemon away kit for the start of the season. 

    The players stood in the tunnels awaiting their call to walk into the pitch. Kyle could feel the tension among his players, they where good but for a few of them, this was probably their first time standing in a soccer pitch with fans and to top it off, fans of this magnitude. The Retford fans weren't making it any easier today, they turned up in numbers and were very hungry for a performance. Staring at Xavier he could feel his muscles tense. Before this game, Xavier had never played professional football and he might be overthinking his chances. Walking towards him, Kyle laid a hand on his shoulder leaning in to whisper words of encouragement to him. And trying to calm him down with soothing words, all the time thinking if Bradley was here it would probably be way easier. Xavier nodding after the long speech in his ear jumped and wiggled his wrist to shake of his tension, letting out a sigh and taking in deep breaths again. 

    Unwin standing in the tunnels was gleaming with excitement, he wasn't nervous at all, he had already had his taste of first team soccer last season, he wasn't frightened by the magnitude of the fans, rather he was anticipating a promise made by his grandfather in training, his father was going to be in his game today. He had not seen his dad in a while and he was really looking forward to it. A goal or two today would definitely sweeten things up for him. 

    The players walked out of the tunnel and Headcoach Kyle Webb of Retford was quick to shake the opposition manager as he was overly excited about his fixture which signalled his first full season as head coach. As slightly nervous as he was he was confident in his squads ability to pull through.

    Kyle wasn't one for wearing suits but he dawned a dark suit and a sleek tie today, his appearance determined how the fans perceived him, and he wanted to created and impression that gave him all the respct he could get from the fans. As a coach of his age, he might be easily underrated. Checking his watch to determine the kickoff time he breathed softly, masking his jitters for the big game. 

    The players where all set on the pitch and kick of had begun. Most Retford fans had aired there discomfort in the headcoach's unusually young team and where genuinely worried even though surviving relegation last season they might actually get kicked off to relegation this season for sure. Most of them still wondered why they stuck with the young now 29-year-old coach who won one out of 3 games to save them from relegation last season, they feared the stats didn't add up. 
      
    Desborough had kicked off the game with a strong start holding possession and giving safe passes. They wanted to mark there territory at home and proved who owned the midfield possession wise. Dominating the play and keeping close touches. Retford forwards Hongthong, Xavier and Unwin slowly paced around conserving energy for the full 90 minutes game the had to play.

     Desborough finally ready to make an intent foward after a full 5 minutes of passing went for a long pass through the flank thundering through the flank with their winger. He wasn't fast enough as Lorenzo Zalazar was quick to out pace him and send the ball to the middle for Justice Yeboah the deeplying playmaker who had a strong hold of the ball before they distributed the ball around there midfield of David Harnik and Michal Baranovisky.

     Desborough barely touched the ball again for another ten minutes trying to win the possession back as domineering Retford outplayed them in there home in all positions. Hongthong got the ball on the flank, making a swift run, out pacing all before he went for a long cross over the keeper which was headed in by Xavier Udoh. Goaaaaaaaaaaallll!!!!

     Retford with the opener in just 15 mins, the crowd went wild. Headcoach Kyle was more than impressed, he had barely said a word or yelled an instruction all game. He was perfectly calm and it felt like the team already knew what to do. He smiled in relief, this game was probably not going to be as hard as he thought. He didn't give his players the credit they deserved. They were brilliant in training, he didn't know what he was worried around all along. 
     
    Minutes before the first half ended it was 40 minutes into the game and Desborough where rarely a threat in the Retford area. They still had not figured out how to get past the Retford midfield but went for there chances from distance. It was a good day for Retford's goalie Marco Bracanto as shots like that could not worry him.
    
    Retford had restricted from taking long kicks from the goal keeper as their coaching instructions meant that they outplayed there opponents in every way possible. Desborough where getting exhausted from chasing the game all 40 minutes and it wasn't long before Hongthong made a darting solo run through the Desborough defense, leading to a goal which he duly slotted in at the bottom corner with grace. The quality in this team could not be denied. 
    
    The whistle blew to end the first half and Kyle prevented himself from having a half time talk, he didn't want to jinx the performance. Praising there performance might get them complacent and over confident and he could not possibly criticize a team that was two goal ahead during half time.
    
    The second half started and Desborough where growing confusingly impatient with there  ability to take hold of the ball. The possession dominance of Retford continued as they slowly broke there opponents spirit with every dieing second as the game drew closer to and end.
    
    Unwin was growing impatient his two wingers had put on a show today. He was the striker and still had not made a positive impact in the game. 

     Desborough where trying to play from the back up to the midfield, Unwin quickly dropping back stole the ball right outside the midfield and taking a few steps in an attempt to head for the edge of the box, took and outside of the box shot that went straight for the top corner. He had just scored a screamer and the crowd went wild, Retford where 3 goals up. 

    Heading for the crowd with a bright gleam of smile in his face he searched with his eyes for his father in the stands, looking at the reserved sit stale and empty he saw his grandfather sitting right beside the empty sit. His smiles quickly dimmed down as he grew frustrated, his grandfather had promised his father would make it, he was growing impatient at his father's lack of acceptance for his willingness to be a footballer. His quick smile and happiness made a quick turn to dissatisfaction, he didn't seem to happy with what was going on, and his grand father sitting in the stands noticed it too. Shaking his head sadly he knew how disappointed Unwin must feel, sadly he couldn't much about his father. The man had grown used to giving excuses and grandpa was tired of trying to convince him. 
    
    After efforts of Desborough trying to make a break at Retford even for a compensation goal ending fruitlessly, the final whistle blew and the Retford fans roared with happiness. It was a good start to the season for Kyle and things where falling into place for him and his team. The season was looking up. The club had not seen performance this good in years, it was something deserving of a great celebration for the club. At this rate, they had a chance to challenge for promotion. Kyle, walking of the pitch with all the swagger In the world knew that his performance today meant he had earned a slight part of the fans trust. He waved as he walked off the pitch smiling all the way. The players happily went through the tunnel while Unwin kept a gloomy face, scanning through the audience for his father. "Maybe he showed up late?" He looked around in an agitative manner, his eyes gleaming with one last hope for a chance his father had a change of heart. The hope quickly died off his eyes as he walked off the pitch heads down on worry.

   The squad went into the locker room with jeers and chant's after thumping their opponents to a 3-0 trashing with Retford striker Unwin Jake putting his name on the score sheet. Player's complimented themselves over there performance and shook hands in appreciation of each other's individual brilliance. The new squad had both a good locker room atmosphere and good team cohesion, their dynamics on the pitch was perfect, it felt like they knew where each other would be, before it even happened.

     Unwin didn't seem too happy he had expected to find his father in the stands today but was disappointed yet again. His father wasn't a great fan of soccer and wasn't willing to support him about it either, best friend and child hood friend Bill Cox noticed the expression on his buddies face, walking up to him he asked. "Jake, you okay buddy?" Jake who was immediately startled, jerked on his friends touch on his shoulder and tried masking his emotions, he produced a large smile, the largest grin he could muster, even if it was fake. He turned towards his friend. "Its nothing really am just not feeling it today." Jake replied. "You where feeling something right until you hit that screamer, if I didn't know better I would say you gave the entirely opposite reaction to that goal. Something is definitely wrong." Cox said. He had a boyish ear length blonde curl to match his pale skin Unlike his friend Unwin Jake who was a low cut brunette in contrast to his slightly more pale skin. They where both towering which made them both very suitable for their positions with Unwin a striker and Bill Cox a defender.

      "It's nothing." Unwin gave a grim face. "Come on, we knew each other since we where 6 mate, I know when something is up. Talk to me man." Cox looked concerned. The locker room fell silent as the whole players stared at Unwin. They all went from happiness to a slight curious but worried expression. Unwin had a very surprised look at how the teams seemed to all want to about his issues. As a youth  player for Retford, he had seen alot of senior players come and go, they never bothered about their personal life's, they always stayed professional and never brought their baggage to work. He wasn't sure if his teammates knowing him like that was a good thing.

   Justice Yeboah, the dark deadlocked defensive midfielder at Retford who always kept his well trimmed locks to a ponytail walked up to Unwin.  "A team is only as strong as it's weakest link, if some thing is wrong man, you have to spit it out. Let us all help you in anyway we can."

      "Ever since I came in here last season, you guys... My teammates have made me understand that we are just more than a squad. We are family." He added with an encouraging smile. Cox turned towards Unwin, giving an assuring nod.

    "It's alright you can talk to your brothers." Club captain Kieran Harvey walked up to Unwin putting his hands on his shoulders. The Red haired captain of the Retford team. "I personally am a bit overwhelmed by being the captain of this team, a few months ago, you and I got promoted from the youth team. You guys might not have noticed but before the game, I was slightly nervous about what would happen if I started my first game as captain with a loss, but you guys rallied together to put up a show. And I have to thank you guys for that."

Unwin hearing the opinions of his teammates caved in, he didn't have to act like the previous team, this was a new team, with new people. Maybe he could give opening up a try. "Fine. Ever since I started soccer, my father has never been to a training game or a single match. Not even after my professional contract. You know... I just wish he would be there for me and appreciate me for what I love to do." Unwin said putting his head down. "Easy for you to say, am an orphan, your grandpa Floyd was always there for every game I had no one, and when he came... He cheered for his grandsons best friend too, he always made me feel like I was part of the family." Cox said with a smile.

     "My mum still won't accept I am into football now, she still wants me to do track events and be a doctor. " Club winger Xavier Udoh pointed out. The African American player always kept a clean fade. "I lost my mum a few years back, I am sure If she was alive she would be in every game like your grandpa." Kieran Harvey gave a sad smiled.

     "When my parents found out I was gay, they said there was no place for me under there roof, and if I didn't abide by the rules of the house, I couldn't live in it. One of the most devastating periods of my life men, but then I met Baranovisky and we are good friends he let me stay with him before we got approached by Retford, I love it here." Midfielder David Harnik said putting his hands over teammate and fellow midfielder Michal Baranovisky's Shoulder. The two shared wide smiles, David with his brown short hair, bright pale skin and Michal with his bright blonde hair and blue eyes

    "You have to learn to stick with the ones that show up for you Unwin, they are the ones that matter." Justice Yeboah smiled at Jake as he replied with a nod. Hugs where exchanged in the dressing room and Unwin was starting to feel alot better, It was a no brainier that he wasn't just part of any team he was part of a family, people who really cared about each other, and he had to admit, he didn't care much about their personal issues before, but knowing them now, he knew their was more to each and everyone of them than met the eyes. They all had a struggle that gave them motivation and he had his too...


                           °°°


After an impressive win Kyle was feeling very happy and contented. Kyle stood in the middle of the pitch staring at the night sky. Today as been something else, he thought to himself, he breathed in the night aid as he shut his eyes and let the wind blow past him, opening his eyes he stared at the stadium replaying his glory moment that had just passed a few hours ago, he wasn't ready to let go of the moment yet. His thinking was cut short by the rustling noise on the grass. He opened his eyes to see the club chairman, Sheridan walking towards him from afar. He had a slightly blonde and slightly white hair which was going bald by every passing moment. He kept a large range of beard that he shaved occasionally to a scanty stubble.

   The chairman Sheridan had made it to the middle of the pitch after most of the players had left the stadium. Kyle still stayed back he was to over joyed to leave just yet the stadium was empty but Kyle still looked around basking in the environment.

     "You never forget a victory like that do you?" Sheridan said from behind Kyle, he smiled at him a little. "I and my wife couldn't believe our eyes at the way the team played today Mr. Webb." Kyle gave a light smile in reply to Sheridan's comments. "I wouldn't say I never doubted you, because I doubted you alot." Sheridan laughed. "Good one Mr. Layne." Kyle laughed back. "I wasn't joking." Sheridan added. "But I have to say, I am truly grateful for the work you have done here and I would like to let you know Mr. Webb that you would forever be an integral part of this team, with performance like this, we would get better sponsorships and more fans would show up, before you know it a once financially challenged club would be racking in cash, maybe we could even improve a contract or two." Sheridan smiled at Kyle. " In due time." Kyle replied.
     
     "You are helping me achieve a dream I never thought I would Mr. Webb. Meeting up to my father's legacy and taking this club back to where it used to be. I have to say..."thank you." Sheridan stretched his hands out as Kyle shook it. "Likewise Mr. Layne."

      "Any progress on helping our bleak squad with depth? You know we have cup competitions and alot of league games Mr.Webb, the transfer window ends in a few days, we can't field the same squad week in week out, not withstanding the fact we might have midweek games when fatigue sets in and maybe injuries, but I hope not, we might be in a bit of a pickle." Sheridan questioned. " I am working on it sir." Kyle replied. 
      
      "Work faster we are running out of time. Also I would like to make a suggestion to you Mr. Kyle, normally when I want a player I get him irrespective of how the manager feels but out of respect for what you're building here I do not want to pry into your work, but Ian Bates earlier today pitched to me that Leamington had released J.E Saunders on a free transfer, a player with that much experience would help show a young squad like this some discipline ." Sheridan suggested.
      
      "I am sorry Mr. Lane but I can't work with Saunders." Kyle was stern, his expression grew wary at the idea of partnering with Saunders. "I know the both of you have history but I might never get a player this good for free, its very rare that clubs make mistakes and not understand the value of a player. Sheridan said, walking away he turned back and added. "Give it some thought Mr. Webb." Before continuing his walk out of the pitch all the while knowing it didn't matter if Kyle thought about it or not, Saunders was coming.


                           °°°


      Saunders laid on his couch alone at home watching the sports headlines after rewatching the Retford game again for the second time. Ian was right they where really good. He had to admit, he had not seen that much quality from a particular group of individuals in a long time, he has probably never seen football this good in the 3rd division before. This team where as good as first division players, or at least the potential was there. He might be thinking a little too selfish but maybe Retford wasn't so bad, they where his way back to the top. He had to swallow his pride and go for his only option right now. The news came on and... 
The headlines read.
NEW RETFORD FOREIGN PLAYERS
A lack of respect for indigenous players or an eye opener for the club.
"Redford’s new headcoach's decision to field more foreign than local players baffled the crowd yesterday, The Retford new squad had not played a single pre-season game ahead of the season and no one knew what there where up against until Desborough game yesterday. The new Retford squad had completely demolished their opposition with a whooping 3-0, an outstanding performance that tags them team to watch out for, for the rest of the season. "
      
     Saunders knew if the press was attacking them after a brilliant performance, then they where doing something right. They had shocked the whole league with there performance, it wasn't just the score line. Lesser teams pull upsets all the time. It was the manner in which they played.  Saunders immediately knew they where the only ones who could save his career and even if he had to face his greatest fear of being under rival Kyle Webb, it would probably be his only solution to preventing his career from dieing and also save his finances. He was really low on cash, he was owing a few people and he was desperate to be back in the pitch again because deep down he wasn't enjoying basic civilian lifestyle at all.
   
   Picking up his phone he quickly dialed away for his Ian Bates. Ian picking the call quickly made an opening remark. "Finally changed your mind boy?" Saunders knew the rate at which Ian Bates picked the call so fast, he was probably as desperate to get this deal done as he was. Even if he always had a smug confident look on his face, Saunders could read through all that, his lack of clientele showed clearly.

    "Fine I would be considering Retford if the would want me in there team." Saunders muttered under his breath." So what made you change your mind." Bates laughed on the phone. Saunders rubbed at his forehead. " Look am out of options alright? And I need you for this."

    "I actually just realized you never actually apologize for ditching me years back." Bates was feeling humorous. Saunders on the other end of the line rolled his eyes. "Fine I am sorry." Saunders said. "Never thought I'did hear those words." Bates smiled. "First, get that agent of yours fired. And we can get things on the road."
  
                           °°°  

    The Retford boys where out celebrating after the game, they had gotten permission to do so, the players knew partying after one victory was probably an early reaction to a very long league ahead to play, with a league of 24 teams they had 46 games ahead of them including cup games, which meant more than 46, depending on how well they performed in it, but they where feeling confident about there chances. 

     Young captain Harvey and the Retford additions have developed a recent habit of training overnight, they perform fitness routines and honed there skills daily, newly promoted social group Harvey , Cox , Unwin and first team player Gowan never felt ashamed to ask the extremely experienced qualities in the squad for training assistance, due to the clubs lack of required coaching staffs, head coach Kyle was always training with them, and whenever he called it a day the twelve initial squad players stayed back to train. 
     
     It's probably why headcoach Kyle was quick to give them a night off after there brilliant performance early in the season. Their next game would be against 5th division team Lancashire in a cup competition against there head coaches former side, he had assured them he knew how they played and that they where no match for his very prominent Retford side, it would be a walk in the park. The assurance from Thier headcoach meant they kick back and relax a bit.
     
     The Retford boys strolled into nearby nightclub, "club 48." It was an exclusive club for the rich, most of the Retford players had never been here before, it had a large hall that was filled to the maximum with people all over the dance floor, moving and rubbing against each other and was filled with clublights of different colours that was bright enough to cover the room, but just the right amount of dim to be comfortable with. It had a large bar section and another VIP section which was slightly less full, only a few people got to go in Thier. Walking in the announcer made there presence known and there where alot of Retford locals to show love to the players, appreciation was much and the party was just getting started. The Zalazar twins who where the life of the party where quick to mingle, before the boys spread out club captain Kieran Harvey gave quick instructions "remember coach said no drinking or smoking, or doing drugs, in his exact words 'you're and athlete and your body is a sanctuary..." before he could finish the squad completed their coach's words. "Treat it like your livelihood." A speech which they had heard a thousand times. "Regroup in an hour." Kieran concluded.
     
     Kieran being a captain who was very disciplined but familiar with his team knew to stick with the two most likely to break this rules so he could keep them in order. "Guillermo and Lorenzo." He muttered to himself searching through the crowd for them who had not gone too far. "Hey guys, what do you say you show me how you party in Uruguay" Harvey joked. They smiled in return. " Come with us." They had what Harvey assumed where Punch's in red cups in there hands. He didn't want to think otherwise and trying to check might make him come out as a party pooper.
     
     Taking Harvey to the back it seemed like they knew the place very well. "You two are one to keep an eye on, you come here often don't you?" Harvey joked. They both looked at each other and laughed. Shaking his head and waving his wrist Guillermo said. "Only a few times." They both laughed again. Turning towards his left Harvey noticed David and Michal the two Retford midfielders meeting new people, David was seen talking to a particularly good looking guy and Michael was stuck in an embrace with a lady he just met and grinding to the beat. The Zalazar twins had handed him a red cup. "Whats in it?" Harvey asked. Lorenzo laughed of his questions "just chill man, have some fun enjoy yourself, before you know, we are back training again, over and over, enjoy this ones while you have it.
     
     Harvey had decided to take a little sip, it was just punch, maybe he was overreacting and being unnecessarily on edge. "Hello." Turning quickly and following where the voice had come from Harvey noticed a beautiful lady, she was probably older than him but it didn't seem to matter to her. "Hi." Harvey replied. "I am Shannon." She smiled extending her hand. Harvey shook her and smiled widely. He was new to this, he wasn't one to get hit on by girls or ladies in this scenario. "So the captain of the team, nice. I am a local watching you guy out there today was awesome, this new squad has some talent. And some really cute men." She smiled. Harvey chuckled nervously." I can get a selfie with you right?" She asked. "Sure." Harvey replied. He leaned over as she raised her phone to take a quick shot,  after taking one she was about to click the other one when Harvey got startled by a big bang and glass shatter. Turning around he noticed the Zalazar brothers where no where to be found, he was supposed to be keeping an eye out for the team and he just let them slip past him. Turning towards the VIP section he could see it was where the whole problem was coming from. "Let the two of you not be part of this." He muttered and clenched his jaws as he said a little prayer.

      Harvey quickly left and ran to see what was happening, the noise was coming from the VIP section, walking while brushing people aside he noticed the Zalazar brothers involved in a tussle with Anthony Asare who had a band aid over his head. Harvey was not a fan of Asare, through his time at Retford when Harvey was in the youth team he was a bit of an ass. He was never nice to the youth players and had a sort of attitude to everything he did. Anthony Asare who had a cornrow hairdo was a very muscular dark skinned man. He was also known to party alot and had alot of issues with his teammates during his time at Retford. He always had an ego that made him feel he was better than everyone else on the team.
      
      Rushing to get in-between them he separated the fight. "I need everybody to please calm down." He said, stretching his hands wide to hold off the two sides from reaching each other. His teammates where quick to rush to the scene. "Ha ha ha... Little Harvey of back in the day, I hear your captain now. Back then you couldn't even get a first touch right." Turning to his friends who showed up in gangs as they all laughed together. "So you beat one opponent and all of a sudden your so tough that this two idiots would test me." Asare made jesters. "Look we don't want any trouble, we just came to celebrate a little, am sorry about whatever my friends did, we would be on our way. "Harvey said. He knew what Asare was capable of, he had been involved with bust ups with teammates on countless occasions during his time at Retford, and looking at his band aid over his head suggested he probably got into a fight recently. Harvey didn't want to know how he got it, he just wanted to be far away from it all, him and his whole team. "oohoho... You brought the whole youth teams squad. Bunch of babies." Asare gestured pointing fingers towards Unwin and Cox. 

     Cox made a gesture to attack Asare but was held back by Hongthong. "Calm down!" Harvey frowned at Cox as he directed his players out of the club.

     "Yeah that what your mum told me when I was hitting it." Asare said as his friends laughed on. Harvey who was always so disciplined lost it immediately. His mother had died a year ago, heading straight for Asare, he picked a bottle and went for the already patched injury on his head. Asare went for the floor as his wound was cut open again and blood was gushing out. Friends of Asare went straight for Harvey taking him to the ground while the other stomped at his ankle. A large fight was about to erupt when the police siren interrupted.
     
     Everyone started making a run for it The once happy club turned into a rampaging crowed of thumping feets as everyone tried to get away. The crowd pushed at each other, scrambling to get to the exit, no one wanted to be the one to explain what happened to the police. Guillermo had blood coming from his nose due to an initial clash with Asare and the whole squad gathered Harvey as they called for an ambulance. Guillermo felt very light headed and Harvey laid there in unbearable pain. The pain from his legs got worse with every passing minute, he moaned in pain and Lorenzo paces around worried. "The ambulance would soon be on their way." Hongthong said, ending the call he was on.
CHAPTER 4

Holding on to his sheets, Kyle tossed and turned in his sleep. He had not slept often lately and had resulted to sleeping pills to help him get there. With the work load he had on him he couldn't afford to waste any moment of rest he got. Drifting further into his sleep he opened his eyes to a full stadium. The spectacule of great occasion.

The crowd yelled and chanted as Kyle Webb stood with the ball. Lancashire went head to head with fifth tier team Malmesbury he had returned from a loan back to his boyhood club where all the fans loved him for sentimental reasons. He was one of the academy graduate years back, being at the peak of his career after a long loan he was back to show he was ready for first team action at Lancashire. He had just gotten the ball after coming on during the second half. All his teammates where fully marked and their was little or no option to pass to. The brown hair that matched his eyes lit up in anticipation. He had a slightly slim figure, and slight freckles not prominent but just enough to not ruin his looks. The sweat not from exhaustion but from the gleaming sun lit up his pale skin. And his tucked in Jersey hung largely to mask his figure. His average height was complimented by his high jump power that aided him in competing for dead balls in the air and his clean shave made him look way younger than he actually was.

    Taking a deep breath while staring at the defender who stood in front of him, he had hungry eyes, almost as hungry as Kyles, they both seemed like they had alot to prove in this match with both of them being young players, probably of very close age.

     Taking a second to think he could either play it safe for a back pass or go for it alone. Nudging the ball Kyle decided to make a run for it, the greatest players where risk takers. If he was going to break into this first team, then he needed something exceptional. Dropping a feint he weaseled his way past the defender making a run for it. Charging foward he thought to himself. "This was it!!!" He charged foward as the defender thugged at his shirt which didn't seem to bother Kyle who was waltzing closer and closer to the box for his shot.  

    Pushing back at the defender he managed to free himself from the tussle pushing the defender slightly away. Turning his gaze he could see the anger in his opposition's eyes, he didn't want to come out of this one on one battle in second place. Charging towards Kyle he lunged at Kyle boots stud first making a hard contact with Kyle's leg that sent a large pain traveling from his legs round his body followed by a sound like a large twig snapping in two's. The defender being unable to slow gis speed down after going for the tackle ran body first straight at Kyle as he the both fell making large thuds on the turf. The undending pain ran through Kyle as his surroundings faded away.

    Jumping up from his bed, he woke up all sweaty, the nightmares that tauntedhis sleep was back again. His heart thumped,his chest heaved up and down to his uncontrollable breathing and his body felt heavy immediately, he was still exhausted but he probably won't be able to go back to sleep. Turning to his side he could see the beautiful Paula MC Namara lying beside him peacefullyin her sleep, she was a very deep sleeper, she barely noticed he had just woken from a bad dream. He didn't want to disturb her sleep, he felt relieved he had not woken her up.
    
    Turning towards his night stand he noticed his phone on silent had been ringing for a while now, Kyle slowly reached for his phone. "2 missed calls, from Channon?" Why in world would his players be calling him in the middle of the night? Kyle thought to himself. It immediately rang again on his palm. Picking it up he put the phone to his ear. "Hello..."
                               
                           °°°  

Hospital smell filled the air Anthony Asare and Kieran Harvey had been taken to the same hospital by an ambulance. With the walls white and ambulance sounds blaring, the bustling and movement all around the hospital brought about a slight tension in the room. The whole squad sat in the waiting room after making calls to the head coach. Silence filled the air. They where both nervous about what his reaction would be and filled with jitters about how bad their captain's situation was. Lorenzo Zalazar kept his hand on his head in worry about his brother, and even though none of the players said anything out loud, they where screaming with terror on the inside.

     Asare Anthony was not having the best of days after his head injury. He was with his agent who was getting a bit worried at his recent actions. He paced nervously around the room, Asare's eyes followed him from left to right. "Hey, quit that man, your making me dizzy!" Asare said. His agent kept pacing before coming to a halt and walking towards Asare, who laid on the bed, his band aid had just been changed and he was on some light prescriptions to ease his pain. "How are you holding up?" His agent asked. "I am getting discharged from the hospital today." Asare replied.
       
     "I know that, though you are not cleared to play yet. If you don't mind me asking how again did you say you got this injury? You know I got you this deal so you can play? The management is already furious about the recent injury, they are only cool with it because, it's not longterm, the cause your injuries are still very unclear. Because the last time I checked, Saunders went for your legs in the game but somehow you're getting stitches on your head in the hospital." His agent asked. "I fell and hit my head after the tackle bro." Asare replied. "I didn't see your head bleed during the game Mr. Asare." His agent contradicted. "I would like to assure you Mr. Anthony I am on your side. We go way back, am here to help you and you can tell me everything, you know that right? The Daventry team management is on my ass, asking me how a strange injury came up, I keep making up stories about a concussion due to the way you went to the ground during the game, but even I, can't believe myself. I don't mind lying for you, but for me to work for you, you have to come clean with me." 

        "Fine! that was inflicted by Bradley Brooks." Asare put his head down and turned his gaze from his agent. His agent had a confused expression, he looked around the room like the walls might provide him answers. "So might I ask again, why aren't we sueing this mother fucker if he did this to you, he put you out of commission and you can't play for newly signed club, I put alot to getting you signed here bro." His agent was at the top of his voice. "Hey, keep your voice down." Asare shut him off. "Also, I couldn't tell the press what really happened, he might have caught he in an awkward position with his wife." 
        
    "What did you do again you idiot, if this got out, your over." His agent crossed his hands. "I know. I am avoiding getting a third strike for the club, there are not bent on discipline but they are stubborn on club structure, and they really put the way there club looks to the press first over anything, if it came out in the news that I had been caught with a retired players wife, the head coach of Daventry might end my career, they could terminate my contract, compensation for contract breech wouldn't move the club finances and it definitely won't carry me on for very long." Asare was afraid.
        
        "Besides I had it all under control until that damn kid reopened the injury, I was scheduled to be fit to play on time with a little head gear." Asare added. "Well that's not happening now is it? And your club can definitely not find out that this is not a sports related injury, it would mean a breach of contract and could lead to contract termination, and this time, with no compensation." His agent warned, he had a very furious expression on his face with a slight hint of tiredness and frustration, his client was a bit of a jerk, he had to admit.

    But also, Daventry was ruthless in situations like this, they always came out on top with a clean slate in situations like this, they won court cases, and outwardly set a standard to the other clubs in the league that they where without fault. He had come to understand that signing for Daventry was a bad decision. "Coming to this club was bad they are willing to go to any means to get what they want." Asare continued. "Which meant they could do anything to put you in your place." His agent realised. He wasn't about to go blabbing to the press. "Luckily for you, we left the club before there was any press, and I would be on the look out for any pictures posted from scenes at the club, we cannot let this get out. I have never seen someone throw away good opportunities like you Asare, you make it difficult for you to be saved. " His agent sighed. 

The Retford players sat in the waiting room anxious, Head coach Kyle followed by Paula walked in. Kyle seemed very furious. He had the face of someone who had just woken up from an enjoyable sleep he wasn't allowed to finish for unnecessary reasons. His hair was very rugged and uncombed, he had a slight hint of growing stubbles on this cheek and his eyes seemed very heavy. Paula on the other hand seemed perfectly calm and put together, but no amount of confidence could hide the worry in her eyes. "What happened? Why am I hearing that you two started a fight in the club?" He asked pointing his hands at the Zalazar twins. He wore a very furious expression on this face. Paula gazed around with her eyes, curious as to how bad things had gotten.

 "We...we..." Lorenzo tried to explain. His face was filled with fright, and he flustered in panic. "It was a slight mistake, the whole squad got into a fight at the club and Kieran had a little accident." Unwin cut in. Noticing how befuddled, Zalazar was, he didn't want anyone on the team getting into anymore trouble. "How serious?" Paula asked as she made a sigh. She was more bothered about fixing the problem than yelling at the young players.

     "The doctor wouldn't say yet." Unwin said. Paula turned her focus to Guillermo whose face was elevated to stop his bleeding nose, heading towards him she lay a hand over his head. "How are you feeling now?" Guillermo gave a slight nod. "He would be fine, the doctor said his was just a slight nose bleed." Unwin said. Kyle noticed he had been so caught up in all that was going on he barely noticed one of the playerswas sitting with a cloth to his nose. Noticing Guillermo was fine gave him a slight relief, Kyle made his way to the counter to enquire about the room number to where he was held. He was stunned and the only thoughts that raced through his mind was the thought of how bad Harveys injury might be, he had just gotten the team together, they had started the season in fine form, no way he was letting anything break that this time.

Lorenzo turning toward Unwin smiled slightly through his worried expression. "Thank you for having our back, we are lucky to play for a club like this and shouldn't be reckless with our opportunities." Lorenzo said and his brother Guillermo who had his head elevated due to a nose bleed gave a slight nod. "You guys said it in the dressing room, we are family right? A wise man once said 'You have to learn to stick with the ones that show up for you Unwin, they are the ones that matter.' right?" Unwin smiled turning to Yeboah. "He is not that smart." Michal cut in, Yeboah gave him a friendly nugbe.

    Kyle was still questioning the nurse when Bradley Brooks came through the door to join them at the counter. "You came?" Paula asked, she had a slightly surprised and excited look. "I have my own issues but I when I heard one of the boys where hurt I dropped everything." Bradley said. He had bags in his eyes and was a mess as he had recently picked on as his new look, but other than the stress in his face he seemed fine, he had gotten a change of clothes and washed up well before coming out.

    Not too long after the doctor came in. "How is he doing?" Kyle rushed towards the doctor. "Calm down sir. Its a light hit to the Achilles tendon, little or no damage was done." The doctor said. Kyle, Paula and Bradley gave a great sigh of relief. Knowing that everything was ok gave him a grave sense of satisfaction, his winning streak could continue, even if it just started. Almost like the doctor was going for dashing Thier hopes as soon as he gave them, he quickly added. "However there is swelling, I would recommend he stays out of using his leg for at least a week for things to settle."

      Kyle turning towards Bradley had terror in his eyes. "We have a midweek cup fixture and we have a league game by the weekend. We need him". Kyle said to Bradley. "What do we do?" He paced around confused, turning towards Bradley, he asked again. "What are we going to do man?"

    Bradley who had been completely distracted had his gaze towards the hospital entrance, he was getting worked up and had a menacing stare. Kyle followed his eyes to see what Bradley was looking at, he saw Asare leave the hospital, turning back at Bradley, he was in rage. "Are you there?" Paula snapped him put of his trance. "Did you say Harvey clubbed Asare with a bottle?" Bradley asked. "Yeah I guess?" Kyle replied. Bradley couldn't hide the large grin that flew through his face as he heard those words.

     "Then what we do next is get me a contract so we can help this boys reach full potential." Bradley said with severity. "Now we are talking." Kyle said with pleasure. He didn't fully understand Bradley's reasons but anything that could get him fired up and wanting to help the team win was okay by Kyle.

Kyle's phone rang and he reached for his pocket, he creased his eyebrows seeing it was the club chairman calling, he didn't have an explanation for a player who would not be available to play anytime soon, turning around and heading somewhere else to answer it. He quickly picked. "Mr layne." He said, he had gotten a call from the chairman. "It not that serious Mr. Layne but he is said to be out a for a week minimum." Kyle replied a comment on the phone.

    Sheridan on the other end of the phone at home with his wife and family had gone out towards his pool to make the call. His beautiful mansion, flooded his compound with lights, he knew his wife didn't like club issues getting in the way of good family time and he didn't want her to know he was doing work stuff again as usual. He focused his gaze on the pool water, staring at the moon's reflection through it. 

"Look Kyle, a week is two games, that is one cup game and a league game. I personally think its time you considered the Saunders issue. We have no experienced replacement ahead of the cup game to come, we need a good defender to fill that position, this is not time to let your personal affairs get in the way. This might be the only solution to moving the club foward. The transfer window ends a few days after the cup game which is two days away, you can either decide to be the way you are about it or not. But that transfer is happening." Sheridan hung up the phone, he didn't want to have to go through the pointless argument with Kyle, he had an unyielding expression on his face, he headed back into the house to join his family.

                           °°°
     Two days to Retford's cup game and Saunders and Bates parked right in front of the Retford stadium. It was early in the morning, the Retford stadium was one of the few stadiums not flocking with press over potential signings, with rumors of the clubs financial situation out in the open, and with them making a large number signing of 8 players to kick of the season, everyone seemed pretty sure they where done for the market. Only a few journalist still lingered around, in hopes of what was not to come. The parking lot was almost empty, Saunders could imagine how the Leamington stadium would probably be flooding with the press over their squad rebuild. Retford had made signings, but none was exciting enough, the new additions where young players of unknown history in the league. He had been reduced to hanging around with amateurs. They seemed pretty decent in their first fixture, but Saunders was confident this kids would definitely not know what hit them when it gets hot as the season progressed. Bates turning to saunders smirked. "This is your new home now, at least for 3 years." Saunders rolled his eyes. "look the only reason I am here is because I am out of options and I can't afford to be a free agent... Literally, if any better offer dropped on my lap right now, I would be out of here."
  
   "Who knows, you might like it here." Bates said, he wasn't coy at all on how much he enjoyed this. "Like missing my chances in the big leagues?" Saunders gave him an irritated stare. Closing the car doors after coming down, the two of them made there way into the stadium. All the while Saunders kept looking around, he couldn't help but be underwhelmed by the once prestigious stadium, now old and hanging on to standards compared to the capacity the other teams in the league held. Bates could notice him glance distastefuly around. "Look just be nice. Be open to the move, embrace the new environment, the young players would look up to you, show this players the way." Bates said as Saunders nodded. Walking in, club chairman Sheridan was there to welcome and show Saunders around. Sheridan walked straight for Ian Bates.
  
    "How is the business buddy?" Sheridan asked Bates.  "Surprisingly crowded with clients at the moment, things are going well for me didn't expect this much turn up." Bates replied. Saunders smirked at the idea of Bates having excessive clients. "Good to know." Sheridan grinning largely turned his attention to Saunders and reached for a hug, arms spread wide. "And this must be the man of the hour! our own personal legend." Saunders reluctantly gave  Sheridan the hug he so hungered for, forcing a smile. Sheridan didn't seem to notice or care, he turned his attention to Bates unable to hide his excitement. "I tell you what, I got it from here old friend." Sheridan said. He gestured towards Saunders, showing him the way, Walking Saunders in he waved as Bates left them to attend to business elsewhere. Ian Bates picked up his phone as he hurried out making a call.

   "So I am happy we finally came to an agreement on a deal, according to your contract, sadly we couldn't get you your desired squad number, '16' it might have sentimental value seeing that it's been your squad number since the begining of your career. It is already occupied, any way we would be talking kit numbers later, you can check through available ones for the ones you like." Sheridan added. "I would be fine. 16 is what I want" Saunders was assertive. "But it's taken." Sheridan seemed confused. "Oh I am very aware." Saunders replied.
  
  Sheridan deciding not to bother about what Saunders was saying jumped straight to hashing out other issues. "Mr. Saunders I would like to officially welcome you to Retford." Sheridan gestured his hand as Saunders walked into the training ground. He was quickly welcome by the elegant Paula MC Namara. He gave a light smile while reaching out for a hand shake. Saunder returned the hand shake with a smile. Behind her stood the other staff members and coaching team.

"Nice to meet you." Saunders said as he shook Paula, who smiled back at him, Saunders went on to shake Bradley Brooks who was not too welcoming. "Sorry about last season." Saunders pointed to his skull in reminisce of last seasons head injury on Bradley. Making a light ingenuine smile Bradley waved his hands away. "We are on the same team now." He nodded. 
  
    Walking towards Kyle Saunders slowed his step. "Nice to meet you Mr. Webb." Saunders smiled. "Its boss to you." Kyle said without a hand shake or a slight crack on his face for a smile. "Sure thing head coach." Saunders said sarcastically. The idea of him taking orders from Kyle Webb was a bit funny to him, but he was ready to be a professional about it all. Kyle turning around warned. "I said boss." Before walking up the stands. "What's the difference?" Saunders gave a funny confused face. He realised he was quick loosing his audience. He followed Kyle through the pitch.
  
  "Look maybe we got off on a wrong foot. I was wondering if we could put the past in the past and work together to take the team forward." Saunders hurriedly followed Kyle up the stands. "Crunching a persons lower leg in two's is not something to be forgotten or taking likely Mr. Saunders." Kyle said.
  
  "I know, I know, and up until now, I realized I never made an actual apology to you for ending your career. You probably had alot of promise." Saunders was apologetic.
  
  "Probably!?" Kyle made a slow turn to stare at Saunders. I had potential that was thrown out the window Mr. Saunders, and incase you haven't noticed I have nothing doing up the fans section, me climbing the stands is my way of getting away from you." Kyle furiously snapped. 
  
  "Ok, we can always talk about this later." Saunders leaned back with his two hand in a position of surrender. 
  
  Kyle walked through the stands and quickly took a seat on one of them far far away from the pitch. Bradley was conducting training for today, he and Kyle had talked about it and had an agreement that Bradley would take training sessions today as Kyle didn't know if his anger would let him do his job the right way. Kyle was boiling with rage as he squeezes his two palms into a fist and placed them on his face. He took a deep breath and tried to relax as much as possible. Looking up he saw Paula climbing the stands and walking towards him.
  
  "So baby, what got you so worked up that Bradley is taking training today. I know you and Saunders have history. " She said taking a seat beside him and rubbing his back."But you have to understand that this out of our control, maybe we just need to all suck it up and do our jobs." Paula added.
  
  "Its easy for you to say." Kyle grunted. "Is this just about your career, because I feel you have moved on from that or is this about something more? "Paula stared into his eyes." About what? "Kyle clueless expression. "I don't know, a certain ex we once talked about?" Paula presumed. "What?" Kyle said. 
  "I would really appreciate it if you stood up to this situation like a man and got on with your job." Paula sounded wrathful. Kyle shaking his head, got up in an attempt to leave. "We need to have this conversation right now or there not be any future conversations." Paula said. Kyle turning towards her stared for a while and walked off. 
  
  Down at the training ground, Bradley called the team together for a quick meeting. "So boys you know about out new addition, Saunders. Some of you might have seen him play, we feel an addition like this would be great for the team" Bradley introduced Saunders. The team clapped and showed love to Saunders. And shook him.

     "Now I would want all of you to show him respect and treat him as a leader, he has been in this game for a long time and has alot of experience to pass on to you younger squad. Do not hesitate to meet him for assistance." Bradley pointed out. The whole team nodded in agreement, the age margin between Saunders and the rest of the squad was almost 10years in comparison.

  "Now to business, before Kieran Harvey's return back to the team spots are open for new youth promotee 'Omar Juari' and Saunders, who starts ahead of the cup game is entirely up to the headcoach but just in case they get picked we would need them to participate in training with the first team to improve our squad dynamics." Bradley instructed. "Lets move out!"
  
  The squad moved into quick drills and Saunders was overwhelmed at how fast and agile the young squad was, he wondered if his old behind would keep up with such quality. Looking around ge noticed one player lagging behind, "Omar." He muttered to himself, apparently Saunders had spotted his competition for a starting place, watching the young lad move he smirked to himself, "I can smell your inexperienced ass from here." Saunders said under his voice.
  
  Omar Juari had come from the new affiliated youth team, he didn't have as much talent as the first team, and had big shoes to fill for captain, Kieran Harvey, but he was giving it his all. Looking closer as Juari made a turn to sprint, he noticed the kids jersey number. "16!" Saunders said under his breath. So that was the kid with his number.  
  
     Saunders wanted that number and he was willing to get it by any means necessary. Saunders jogged closer to Omar and reduced his acceleration in order to be at the same pace with Omar. "Good day Mr. Saunders, I used to watch you alot before I got promoted, I most times copy your defensive style. It a real privilege to play in the same team with you." Omar said. "Thank you." Saunders said. "Maybe after the game you could sign a few things for my younger brother, he still doesn't believe I would play for Retford, we are not blood brothers but we where both from the same orphanage, he is in the under 15." Omar said. "Sure thing kid, how about this, if I scratch your back, you scratch my back, I might need a favor from you kid." Saunders said. "Sure, anything Mr. Saunders." Omar replied.
     
     "You see kid, I might need that jersey number 16, you see, I got the jersey number when I was in the 5th division, 16 meant at that time that I was the second option defender for the team, but I fought my way up to the first team and benched the clubs number 6, and I had never taken the number off ever since." Saunders explained. 
     
     "Sorry but for the number, can't do Mr. Saunders, your story is very touching but I bear a bigger sentimentality to the jersey number." Omar said. "And what would that be?" Saunders asked. "Sorry Mr. Saunders but it's personal." Omar said. "Okay, I get it. So how much do you want for it then." Saunders smiled at Omar. "Everything is got a price."

    "Not everyone." Omar replied, jogging off. Saunders halted and stared at him in disbelief, that kid was going to make and appearance tommorow with his kit number. And there might be nothing he could do about it. Thinking for a second he wondered what could be so important that would make the kid turn down good cash for an ordinary number that wasn't even between 1-11. Standing in awe he scratched at his head.

                           °°°

Training was over and Bradley packed things up to close for the day, gathering drill cones and boards for traget practice. He was planning to work himself off in an attempt to take his mind off things.

     "Mr. Brooks!" Chairman Sheridan echoed his name as he was ready to leave. "Wait up, I have a few things I would like to talk to you about, I promise it wouldn't take take much of your time." Sheridan added. "Sure, anything Mr. Layne." Bradley got attentive. "I really don't want it to be a big deal or let things escalate, but I would just go ahead and spit it out, it's all over the news about a divorce between you and the mrs at home, now I am not one to bother about employees personal issues but my wife won't let me rest, she wants me to talk to you about it." Sheridan shifted a smile on the side of his cheek.
     
     "Let me stop you there Mr. Layne, with all due respect, I am doing okay, I have everything under control." Bradley cut in. "Ya I Know, I get it, its just that I like to think of this club as a family. And you can talk to me about anything, plus we are moving in a different direction this time, this is the best start we have had in years, the team actually play like they have what it takes to compete in the play offs and I want the squad dynamic to stay that way, my headcoach seems to have his head up his ass right now and I can't have both of you acting up at the same time." Sheridan said. Chuckling Bradley replied. "it's all good with me Mr. Layne." Sheridan Layne knew this season was going to be a good one, he could tell from the quality of players at the club, he did want to have anyone ruin his chances of raising this club back to its previous glory, he had to make sure everything was okay, from the staffs to the players.

     
     "Great! I should be on my way then." Sheridan concluded as he walked away, Bradley's words seemed to be enough assurance for him. Bradley stared at him as he left wondering to himself if he believed his own words... 
CHAPTER 5


It was a less significant and very negligible fixture, most of the Lancashire home fans filled there home ground and very few Retford fans travelled to the Lancashire home ground, this was expected to be a walk in the park for Retford, the 3rd division side went head to head with Kyle's former team in the 5th division. The Lancashire stadium was nothing compared to the Retford stadium, even if the Retford fans where quick to turn on you if things went south, they still made for louder cheers than the Lancashire fans. Their boos didn't seem condescending enough for the Retford playersto be deterred easily. The Lancashire fans seemed to welcome Kyle back very well but Kyle could not careless about the team after his impromptu dismissal by Lancashire. Kyle was very confident he knew there strengths and weakness as he had once been an assistant coach to them. Lima was always defensive and loved older players, he was always likely to favour experience over youth.

     As Kyle was about to step into the pitch from the tunnel Bradley called on him. As he heard jeers from the back, turning he could see Bradley laughing and exchanging pleasantries with former Retford player and Legend Gregg Hill.
     
     "Check who came in to watch our game Kyle? Fucking Hills!" Bradley showed enthusiasm. "Been a while Gregg, how you been?" Kyle smiled. "Oh you know just kicking it in the commentary section, I do the cup games, talking my heart out." Gregg chattered on. "By the way, sorry about the Mrs mate, could happen to anyone, you never quite told anyone what really happened." Gregg added. "Nothing really, just stopped feeling it." Bradley replied. "Also, to avoid wasting your time, you've got a big game to get to. So I got this little gig where I got my own sports show on the local channels, they hired me because they think I could bring alot of soccer stars to the show, what do you say you give us the juicy details on it ey Bradley?." Gregg teased. "Not happening Gregg." Bradley shot him off. "O'l Bradley, still a buzzkill as always, beautiful footwork and first touch but still used to bore me to death during my playing days, so Kyle, what do you say? A good show might help talk about your success, right after you render some whooping today ey?" Gregg gleamed. "Sure thing man, I won't miss it for the world." Kyle replied confidently as he headed out the tunnel. Bradley didn't seem to appreciate Kyle buckling to Gregg's demands so easily, he knew Greg to well, he was coy as he was smart.

     Walking towards his former boss the Lancashire head coach Jailton lima de Carvahlho, the white haired almost 60 year old Brazilian coach, looked alot younger than his age and bore a huge smile. They shook hands, Kyle wasn't a fan of Carvahlho as he was the reason for Kyle's dismissal. "Good luck old friend." Carvahlho smiled, Kyle return the smile.
     
     "Go fuck your self." Kyle muttered while heading back to his seat. He seemed to be having alot of pent-up anger at the moment. Kyle had benched the Zalazar twins due to a club burst up, second goal keeper Anderson Gowan was in the post today and due to club captain Harvey's injury, Kyle chose to start 16 year old defender, Omar Juari. He was adamant on not starting J. E Saunders.
     
     Omar Juari standing right beside Bill Cox in the defense looked nervous and confused. "Don't worry mate, its ok I was nervous on my first game too." Cox covering his mouth, muttered to Juari. "Thanks, did it eventually get better?" Juari asked. "No! My error led to a goal." Cox laughed making a joke to ease Omars jitters, noticing it wasn't working he quickly changed to a straight face. 
     
     The game kicked off and Retford got to pouncing straight away. With the quality from Retford Lancashire was obviously no match for a team two divisions ahead of them, but they knew that and played to there strengths, Lancashire had parked the bus for the game and where defending from the first minute, playing at a low tempo and reserving energy, Retford had gone into the offence and started with the attack, Retford played a high line and pressured the opposition farther into there box in retreat. With quick passes, they where playing half the field early on in the game. Football was made easy as they passed around and Lancashire chased the ball. Lancashire head coach had not stopped screaming instructions and yelling and Kyle couldn't help but enjoy this.
     
     Mid-way into the first half of the game and Lancashire who had barely seen the color of Retford's goalies shirt had made an interception from free passing Retford and where on the counter attack. They didn't want to take risks to avoid being caught off guard during there attack by Retford so very few Lancashire players pushed foward as they looked shakey in attack.

     "Alright Omar, its time, always keep your eyes on the ball and not the leg and stay focused." Cox signalled at Omar. With two Lancashire players making inroads foward Omar looking dumb struck went straight for the player with a ball who quickly gave a pass to his teammate and left omar displaced on the floor, Cox being alone behind laid back to cover in order to avoid rushing into decisions, he was one on one with the last attacker with the ball as he slowly took careful steps backwards to avoid slipping, the Lancashire player tried a step over which Cox quickly put a foot to, rushing quickly to make a clear up field Cox drove things to safety.
     
     Bradley who stood beside Kyle during the game leaned towards him and whispered. "Omar looks shakey out there today, I think he has had enough time out there today, what do you say we give the veteran a run instead and give the fans something to cheer for."
     
     "Not happening Bradley." Kyle replied. "Come on, don't let personal things like this cloud your judgement, clear the air for the fans, they think you don't accept Saunders. And he would still get paid even if you play him or not, so why not just get this one in the back, Omar is getting burnt out there and Cox is doing double time covering his back. They might not hold for long." Bradley advised. "Give the kid a chance Bradley, have some faith." Kyle added even though he doubted his own words, he had barely seen Omar play, he didn't know if he was good enough or not, he was taking Anna Woodwards word for it and hoping she was right.
     
    Retford who where still trying to break the Lancashire deadlock thought to try a different approach, speedster Chanon Hongthong got a pass from Michal in the midfield and saw Unwin raise his hand for a pass, Lancashire defenders where quick to close him down as they where 3 on him, Chanon decided to go on his own making a fierce run from the flank straight into the box changing his duties from a winger to an inside foward, dribbling through players, Chanon was about to take the shot before he was pushed right outside the box.
     
     The referee blew the whistle and a freekick was awarded. Retford's freekick taker David Harnik stepped forward to take it, the midfielder had been prolific in training, his freekick accuracy was the best in the team and he duly delivered as he quickly slotted a curved one that hit the cross bar and rebounded right into the goal post, the goal keeper was nowhere near that one.
     
     The Retford players went on celebrating and Kyle turning towards Bradley whispered. "I don't like to be that guy but... 'I told you so.' but in this case...I might make an exception." he said with a smile. Bradley returned the smile nodding in agreement, maybe a little faith in the kid wouldn't hurt. 

The Referees whistle sounded to conclude the first half. Kyle looking towards Carvahlho's stand Kyle noticed as Carvahlho angrily walked into the dressing room, he was getting his ass handed to him in his home turf. Kyle couldn't hold back a smile.
     
     The second half kicked off with xavier gifting Unwin Jake a pass, with an unfortunate touch when through on goal halted all momentum as he fired a tame effort towards goal, before the Lancashire goalkeeper produced a decent stop to prevent him from finding the net moments afterwards. Retford was keen on adding to there lead again as an overly excessively timed pass was to quick for Unwin to catch up to, it was quickly smothered by the goal keeper and Lancashire where trying there hands on a counter attack. A long pass wen straight over Cox head and into the foot of a Lancashire player who ran circles around Omar before attempting a shot that was effortlessly parried away by the Retford goal keeper Anderson Gowon. 
     
     Bradley and Kyle exchanged stares and Kyle could tell that Bradley eyes said. 'Take him off now!' but Kyle was bent on not playing Saunders, his rivalry ran deep. Lancashire had a corner due to the shot saved by Gowon and where getting set to attempt there second chance at a shot on target through out the whole game. 
     
     The corner was taken quick after the sound of the whistle and headed for the middle of the 18 yard box and As the Lancashire player went for the header, Omar soared in the air to pose a challenge, he hadn't planned th me jump right and wasn't going to reach the ball before his opponent, knowing this and not wanting to concede a goal, Omar made up his mind on tge the decision to attempt a push to imbalance his opponent, which had led to his opponent clashing with the ground, the referee blew the whistle and handed Omar the yellow card. Omar tried to protest his innocence as the whole Retford team tried to back him up in front of the referee, but the ref wasn't hearing any of it and had already awarded the penalty.
     
     On winning the penalty Lancashire headcoach Carvahlho wen for a substitution and 28-year-old striker Warren Walker strolled in. A former teammate of Kyle who was know to have a bullet for shots and barely ever missed a penalty.
     
     Warren Walker stood right in front of Gowan and slotted it home with confidence, Gowan was powerless to attempt a save and the Lancashire team where ecstatic at there equalizer. 
     
     Bradley turned to stare at Kyle but his stubbornness had made him avoid Bradley's eyes, he instead went into furious outcry on his teams performance. Saunders sat there in the bench but wasn't surprised at Kyle's decision to bench him.
     
     Late in the second half and the game was coming to a conclusion. The Retford squad where looking exhausted as their high tempo attacking game could not break into the Lancashire defense again. Retford had recorded all 15 shots in the game with ten on target but it was starting to feel like the keeper had magnets in his gloves as he was producing a performance of a lifetime for an average 5th division player. 

     87 minutes into the game and Lancashire where on the break again they now seemed to be very energetic like they had reserved all the games energy for the dieing minutes. There striker Warren Walker had gotten the ball again in open space outside the box and gone straight for it with his bullet shot which bounced right off Gowon's plams and into the goal post and the home fans went wild as the game drew to conclusions. 
     
     Retford had just recorded a stunning defeat, an upset from the 5th tier. And Kyle was dumbfounded. Lancashire head coach quickly headed towards Kyle to hug his one time subordinate, he hugged Kyle tight, gave him a pat on the back and whispered in his ears. "Hope you learn a thing or two about experience today Mr. Kyle. Football doesn't always have to be beautiful, a win is a win." He rubbed on Kyle's head as he strutted of and clapped to the home fans encouraging them to raise there voices. Retford had been kicked out of the cup competition very early in the season. Kyle stood fuming inside as he watched Lima walk away. He thought he finally had a squad that could shut that old geezer up, but somehow, he had messed it up again today. 
     
     Kyle walked back into the tunnel, the thought of facing the chairman after a humbling defeat like this filled his mind, what was his excuse going to be for not putting in Saunders. Bradley apoplectically came from behind Kyle, he seemed to have been following him for a while now, he walked in front of Kyle coming to a quick halt and turning towards him in a menacing stare. "I love this team and I love doing my job, I am willing to give my all for this team and I respect you very much but if you can't get your head out if your butt and let your ego get the better of you then you have another thing coming!" Bradley sounded very vexed as he walked away...


                             °°°

    Kyle had made a promise to be on Gregg Hills show and he was willing to see it through. He was going to man up, get in front of the cup defeat and express his sincere apologies to the fans, the show was supposed to talk about his recent success as manager but with last nights results, the reverse is the case. He wished he had cancelled right now when Gregg called to remind him of the interview this morning. Clearing off the jitters that flooded his body he uttered under his breath. "Get in front of things, apologize to the fans, a loss is normal, own it."

The studio was dark but filled with bright light all channeling towards the stage where he nervously sat beside Greg Hill. The air conditioning wasn't doing justice enough for him, the sweat under his shirt grew more moist by the minute, the camera men set up their equipment, so did the crew in charge of audio and lighting. The crew kept moving erratically making arrangements and doing final set ups. "Have you been on a show before Kyle?" Gregg Hill asked. "No, not really." Kyle said. "It's no different than coaching, shouldn't be a big deal, if you can face thousands of fans and coach a team, you can sit in front of a camera. We would be starting soon. By the way, it's a live show, no retakes." Gregg added. Kyle made a large gulp to swallow his saliva, and cleared his throat to avoid sounding cranky. The director made a signal to Gregg to kick things off and Gregg gave back a light nod. Turning towards Kyle he gestured to Kyle to leave the stage. "Once the show starts, you come in when I call you in." Gregg whispered under his breath, Kyle nodded and headed for the curtains. Gregg turning back to the camera waited for the signal for his que to begin. He started of with pleasantries to open the show before turning to Kyle.

"Today we have a special guest, a one-time player, one-time assistant coach and now headcoach who last season saved his team from relegation and made a statement with his first win of the season, ladies and gentlemen...Kyle Webb!"

   Staring through the curtains he heard the presenter Gregg Hill welcome him in, that was his cue. He walked in and waved at the audience while taking his seat, and nervously staring at the rolling camera.
   "Its wonderful to have you on the show Mr. Webb." Gregg said. "Likewise." Kyle replied. "So Mr.Webb how exactly does coaching a team such as Retford feel?" Gregg asked with a smile. " Well, I would say lovely, coaching a club with such rich history as Retford is an honor, everytime I walk into the training ground, I still can't believe I am the headcoach." The audience laughed in reply to Kyle's comment.
   "You have chosen to field a very young squad with an average age of 20 which makes an average of 25 with the addition of 30 year old J.E Saunders, what is your reason for that?"Gregg asked. " It is a gesture for the future, the club plans on long term success." Kyle said. "I my self is one for the older experienced players myself being a former Retford player but I can't judge you based on the fact your style might be paying off, but I didn't think you where thinking of the future when signing J.E Saunders Mr.Webb, probably to mentor the younger ones and show them the way."Gregg added. " You can put it that way, as for me, I would say a quick fix." Kyle replied. 
   
   "Ooohhh, lets see what the man himself has to say about that, I would like you to welcome...J.E Saunders." Gregg had a devious gleam of excitement in his face as Saunders walked in to take a seat opposite Kyle.
   
   Kyle who was now in shock was wondering how J.E Saunders got an interview without talking to his coach first. "Mr. Saunders do you agree with your coach that your a quick fix?." Gregg asked. "The players love and respect me.the love I got from them on my first day of training was really heart warming so if you say I'm a mentor to them? Well...I can't argue with that." Saunders directed his eyes at Kyle.
   "It depends on what your mentoring them on, learning to play dirty?" Kyle added." I am a veteran, am good at what I do, I defend." Saunders fired back. "There are a few people who would dis agree. My career would say different." Kyle was now enraged. And Greg Hill was enjoying this. His show was going to get the rating it deserved.

   "You can't end a career that had nothing to offer." Saunders flared up. Kyle's face was quickly turning red, his anger built up from within like a volcano about to erupt. He could feel it build up inside him slowly until it popped. Kyle quickly lunged for a punch at Saunders on television, Saunder wasn't expecting it, Kyle's fist went straight for his jaw, he went back at Kyle, landing a kick right on his tummy which sent Kyle flying across the room, attacking Saunders might have been a bad idea, he was taller and probably stronger. Saunders rushed towards Kyle who was getting on his feet to retaliate before Greg got in front of Saunders, as much as he loved the juicy drama and the ratings it would give his show in the coming week, which is why he got the two of them in this awkward position on the first place, he didn't want his studio completely trashed. He held Saunder at arms length and the camera crew went to hold the two of them back. Kyle kept trying to fend the person holding him off, he wanted a last swing at Saunders. He was held back by another camera man who came to restrain him some more. Kyle panted aggressively as he watched Gregg Hill escort Sanders off the stage.

                             °°°

    Kyle webb and Saunders sat right in front of Sheridan as he angrily paced from left to right like and angry wildcat about to pounce on his prey. Sheridans office had the embodiments of his beloved club, the walls where white with black lining's of paint. The bottom part of the wall was built with wooden frames, his walls filled with frames of pictures of previous achievements of the club before his time as chairman. Sitting in his big office Saunder searched through the walls with his eyes. He never really liked Retford because he was always on the rivals side when it came to a derby, a few years back and he would have never believed he would be part of this club, to him, they where always the bad guys. Looking at the wall he slowly started to appreciate the rich history of the club and how far they have come. They had one of the richest history and past glories he had ever seen. He smiled to himself realising he was slowly starting to grow into it.

     "What are you smiling about Saunders? So you want to pull this clubs image to the ground Mr.Kyle? And you Mr. Saunders you go on an interview without informing your coach or anyone at the club? You think you are some hot shot, maybe your to big for the club right? And you two go on ahead and exchange blows on television, a player and a coach." Saunders made an angry laugh. He felt he got to deliver the more deserving blow in the end.

"Kyle do you know what the news said about our cup performance?" Bringing out his news paper, Sheridan read out loud "RETFORD STUMPED TO THE GROUND BY LOWER LEAGUE TEAM."
Experience over youth...
"The Retford team where schooled by the old boys as fans begin to question the headcoach's choice of using such a young squad when there are better more experienced players in the league."

     "I am sorry sir, won't happen again." Kyle said. "Like hell you are. Lucky for the two of you, my squad is bleek and I lack depth to bench you Saunders and that goes for you too Mr. Kyle. But I don't mind doing it. So I would walk out this door to make a statement that clears this mess, the press are going to eat me alive for this act of stupidity from the two of you, but I plan to get behind it and by the time I get back, I want the two of you to be as good as two lovers. If you can't? Oh well, I guess I would be needing a new coach and a new defender then!" Sheridan walked out of the room in anger.
     
       Turning towards Kyle Saunders gave a slight chuckle "I swear the old mans face turned red, now about the article talking about experience, I have to agree with them, but as for talent, your boys are miles ahead." He smiled. "Is this funny to you?" Kyle gave and angry reply in response to the fact that he wasn't in on the joke. "Are you even here for the right reasons? Tell me Saunders, why are you here? To win games?" Kyle angrly stared at him. "Ok look I know I might have hurt you by tackling you way back in an aggressive way, maybe I let my anger get the best of me but I am sorry, I really am, and I did not mean what I said on the show about your career, I let my anger get the better of me." Saunders looked apologetic but Kyle wasn't budging. "If it's about your girlfriend, well... If it makes you feel any better she left me too and almost got me broke. She took quite some valuables with her too, I'm just trying to revive my career man." Saunders added.
       
   "That the problem, to play for me, to play with those boys you have to understand that it goes way more than just yourself, everything doesn't always have to be about you, you got into the team and two seconds later you are trying to poach Omar's number, 
Did you ever ask why he wanted that number?" Kyle didn't remove his gaze from Saunders. "He wouldn't tell me." Saunders shrugged. "Well let me enlighten you, Omar is an orphan, he used to train with an unofficial soccer academy in East-midland before Anna woodward made his talent known to us, a talent which is still young and shakey but has potential. That kid has lost his parents in an accident and has been bounced around from family to family as child support tried to fit him into a home before he decided to stay with us, and there are many other kids like him in our academy, they all want to succeed, his life has been full of sorrow and pain, bit he gets his debute when he is 16, that year 16 is a proof of the best year of his life a sign of better years to come with this club. And the painful part is, I can't assure him that, I am not sure if he would reach his potential, because if he doesn't, we might have to let him go and I won't be able to do anything about it, but one thing I can give him is that number. If he says he wants to wear it. He will. The fact that you think you can buy everything, that fact right there. That's why I can never accept you as my player. Now we would do what we have to, when the old man gets here, we pretend like we are cool, but after that you stay out of my way." Kyle gave Saunders a menacing stare. Saunders gave a sigh and leaned back on his chair.


                           °°°

   It was was 5am in the morning, the early morning sunrise dawned upon East Midlands slowly, the busy city was already flossed with day to day activity, people heading to the bus to get to work early, business owners getting their work place ready for business. Sheridan was not having breakfast as he kissed his wife and got ready for work, he was hoping that Kyle and Saunders would come to training today with their issues all sorted out, they seemed pretty convincing yesterday, a good handshake was all the assurance he needed from them.

   Paula was way ahead of her alarm, she was completely dressed by the time the thing rang, she put on her make up, slowly dabbing a little blush by the sides of her cheek, looking back in the mirror, she wasn't too sure that was the look she was going for, taking a tissue she whipped it off her face and picked up her shoes, trying them on, standing at the mirror again, she admired her elegant self. She didn't want to think about her issues with Kyle, heading for the door she stared back into the apartment to make sure she wasn't forgetting anything.

    Sanders woke up to a lonely apartment again today but was ready to change things in training today, it didn't matter if Kyle liked him or not, or that Selina Silvanei had left him, he was ready for a fresh start, he woke up this morning feeling like a hug rock had been lifted off his chest. Picking up his gears and trying on his kit, he went straight for his car.

Bradley was already at the training ground opening the gates and the whole team was in training early today to prove they where ready to improve after the last games results, and Kyle pulled up right behind Bradley as he opened the gates for training.
    
    As Kyle and Bradley set up for training ahead of the boys and the chairman arriving, Paula walked past and she and Kyle exchanged glances. "You might want to fix that, we are guys I can understand you being an ass, but she... she's not going to forget everything that happened easily, and from the look of things, you miss her too." Bradley said. "It's all good, I'll handle it later. I just need to get a win by next game or I might not have a job to see her beautiful face again every morning." Kyle replied.

    Paula had not been speaking to Kyle for a while now they had been having issues, her phone rang but she wasn't intent on picking it when she realized it was Kyle. She wasn't speaking to him till he was ready to do the right thing and fix his spat with saunders, plus she wasn't happy with the way there conversation went the last time they talked in the stands. She couldn't believe they where broken up, or maybe she was just deceiving herself, employees don't date in the working place, maybe there was nothing between them in the first place. She wondered if she should call him to talk things out but she didn't want to come across as desperate. She instead bottled her feelings and went straight  for her office.

    Looking down from her glass all she could do was stare at him through the window as the team got ready for the big game tomorrow.
 CHAPTER 6

 League game day and Retford had to continue league winning runs after crashing out of the cup so early in a disgraceful manner. Retford go head to head today against Pembridge who decorated themselves in bright purple while Retford wore an occasional white and black shorts, they had a complete squad today except for injured captain Kieran Harvey, the headcoach wanted to make a statement with this game to correct his previous game errors.

The pembridge 10,000 capacity stadium was filled with fans who flew the flags showing the proud pembridge colours all around. The teams mascot, a man in an armadillo costume of purple bounced around the pitch encouraging the pembridge fans to raise their voices, they wanted to drown the cheers of the lesser Retford fans. The evening sky covered the pitch and the stadium lights beamed down to glister the turf.
    
     Kyle wanted to show the fans what his team was about but he still wasn't ready to play Saunders yet, for some reasons he wasn't still ready to move on, he turned towards Saunders who sat on the bench flexing his jaw he realized the pain hadn't subsided.
    
    He had already had the pre-game talk and had made the team know that this was a must win. As the players jogged out he quickly drew Omar to the side. "Don't let me down this time Juari." Kyle said. "What if I'm not ready coach?" Omar had jitters. "There is much more to come from you, I know it, now you just have to go out there and prove that you have what it takes to play for this team!" Kyle said as he tapped Omar on the back who jogged on. 

    Kyle strolled back to the stands and sat back on the bench keeping a one sit distance from Saunders who immediately scooch over to him to get closer. "Hey man..." Saunders whispered, Kyle quickly giving him a cheesed off stare. "Fine, hey boss..." Saunders comically said. "Look maybe I was here for the wrong reasons, maybe I still am, maybe we are not the best of buddies, maybe we might never be, but one thing I know how to do is mind my business and get things done. I have seen that kid play, he has potential, but he is scared. What do you say we lay the ammunitions down for a while and do whats best for the team? " Saunders sounded less jocular. "I might apologize as much as possible but we both know you might not listen much." Saunders summed up.
    
    "Maybe your right." Kyle stared to the ground. "I am?" Saunders looked confused. "Look man we both know my playing career wasn't at all good, you hurting me gave me the excuse of telling everyone my career could have been better. And maybe being angry at you is just making me loose people I care about." Kyle said staring at Paula who was in a conversation with chairman Sheridan in the stands. "And also people I respect." Seeing Bradley head towards them to take his seat on the bench. "How about this, you say the kid's got potential, lets see how he plays out the first few minutes." Kyle smiled at Saunders, who nodded in return. 
    
    The game kicked off and Retford got the game going as striker Unwin Jake gave a back pass to commence the game. The pembridge team who had done there assignment knew about the leak in Retford defense and wanted to explore it, they where going on an all attacking spree for the game, the quickly set a high line and started to build on front line pressure making it difficult for Retford to pass in there area, a pass got to Omar who looked frightened but gave a back pass to the keeper, the Pembridge men where charging straight at the keeper in an attempt to prevent short pass distribution from the goal keeper.
    
    Retford's first option goal keeper Marco was calm under pressure as he made a feint at the player charging at him to displace him and gave a calm timed pass to his fullback. Guillermo started with a quick run and using his width well made a pass for Chanon on the flank. 
    
    Retford had caught the opposition off guard and had them on the back foot as they might have overlapped too early in the game. Kyle's team where taking full advantage of the situation as Chanon's cross was met with a volley that was saved by a near shave. 
    
    Retford got a quick chance at goal which back fired to a counter attack they weren't prepared for. The whole team turned back to get the ball back and Omar chased after his man like a mad dog. Pembridge striker shot at goal was deflected by the keeper and the rebound was taken again but Omar was there the shot came with such force he had blocked his face this his hands as the ball hit his arm and went straight out. The referee signalled a penalty, giving Omar the yellow card and the Pembridge team went estatic. Pembridge took it cleanly to open there account with a 1-0 lead. Cox seemed frustrated at his defensive partner but chose to show support and rally the team back together.
    
    The pembridge team where at it again, relentless in attack as they showed Retford they had alot to offer in the season. Taking there chances at goal with every chance they could get, but goal keeper Marco Bracanto was up to the task. Pembridge attacking midfielder made a presumptuous run down the middle as he ran down the Retford midfield, Omar running towards the opposition went to the ground in an attempt to get a neat tackle. He was immediately displaced and left for dead on the ground, Cox to the rescue as he saved the team again with his brilliant defending that won the opposition a corner.
    
    Turning towards Omar he raised his two arm high saying "what are you doing?" Jogging towards him Cox whispered to him. "You have to focus man, your getting owned ou there." Omar shook his head and got up, he had to start improving and quick. The game continued and Pembridge took there corner, Cox was in the air again to divert it outside the boxa quick rebound came in but Omar put a foot to it and made a great block. "Now thats more like it!" Cox smiled at him. Omar now buzzing with confidence smiled back and gave a nod. 
    
    The Retford team held on till the whistle for the first half blew. Walking into the dressing room the whole team had there heads down after a bad performance in the first half. In the dressing room the whole squad seemed anxious and afraid of what the coaches reaction would be, walking in, Kyle seemed completely calm which surprised the boys.
    
    "I know we are down by one, and it looks bad but blaming you for my actions is unnecessary and not a good look for a leader." Kyle opened with. "I knew Omar Juari was very young and lacked the experience to handle big games like this, but I let my pride and rivalry for J.E Saunders influence my decision. And am sorry." Kyle said, turning towards Omar. "The pressure must have been alot for you out there. You did good but you still need alot more training. And I would make sure Anna Woodward finishes the training she has started with you." Kyle smiled and Omar relaxed on hearing this, he was afraid he was going to get the most aggressive team talk of his life. "For now boys we concentrate on this game and win it the right way, Saunders would come in for Juari in the second half and we would not rest till we are ahead in this game!" Kyle motivated, the whole team gave a positive reaction and cheered as they huddled back into the pitch for the second half.
    
    On coming on for the second half J.E Saunders stood by the touch line as the announcer made it known he was coming on, the lines man held the board up to signal the change and the Retford fans went wild, they had waited long enough to see there new signing in action and soom they where going to know what he was capable of.
    
    Jogging into the pitch, goal keeper Marco Bracanto handed Saunders the captain armband as he called the team to order and set up his defensive line. The Kick off begun again and Pembridge went on the attack again for a chance to capitalize on a weak defense, but the Retford defense where up to the task, they pushed back and raised a high defensive line that sent Pembridge back into there own half.
    
    Retford had just stolen a misplaced pass from Pembridge through J.E Saunders who stopped the winger on his tracks and sent a long one forward for Unwin Jake. Jake chased after the ball and the keeper rushed out to get the long ball first, balancing his weight on his right root he raised his left foot backwards to produce a light flick that went flying back to Xavier who arrived late in the box, the back pass had left the keeper exposed leaving and empty post for Xavier to make a nice tap in. Retford had put the equalizer.
    
    They weren't done and the whole team rallied together to bring another one in, Unwin had set up Chanon with a pass that was immediately blocked by the opposition defender as Chanon's shot deflected over the defender and went straight for the corner flag. Retford had won themselves a corner in the dying minutes and the whole team went straight to the Pembridge box to ensure they made this one count. It was now or never.
    
    Chanon Hongthong took a step back and taking a deep breath ran and sent the corner long flying into the box, Saunders made a run for it being literally the tallest player on the pitch today, he took a leap and rose high above everybody in the 18 yard box before nodding it right down to the bottom corner of the post as the Pembridge defenders watched it sail right in. Retford had claimed the win again for the second time this season.
    
    Kyle and Bradley celebrated and hugged as they both elated. The final whistle blew after pembridge fought hard to even things out but to no avail. As the game ended Saunders approached Omar. "Hi kid." Saunders sounded nervous. "You did pretty well out there today, held the forth." He added. "Mr. Saunders you are just saying that to be nice to me. I don't like things being handed to me, I like to earn them, I would improve I promise, but for now you don't have to lie to me." Omar smiled. "Ok maybe I just wanted to say, I am sorry for trying to poach your kit number, I know it means alot to you and I shouldn't have tried to offer you money for it." Saunders held out his hands as he spoke, Omar shook him and smiled in return as they walked into the tunnel.

  The boys walked in and Bradley distributed highfives as players walked into the dressing room. He was about to walk into the dressing room when his phone vibrated, an unknown number was calling him. Creasing his eyebrows he turned to Kyle. "I gotta take this, sorry." He said as Kyle nodded and closed the locker room door behind him, turning to be certain he had gotten the privacy he needed he could see the boys jumped and jubilated through the glass window as Bradley picked up the call.
    
    "Hello?" Bradley said. "Hi baby its me." And just like that, Bradley's euphoria had ended. He could never forget that voice, he could recognise it anywhere. His wife had called him, she had a high pitched voice but was very cranky when she sang or at least tried to sing. She was bad at it but that never stopped her, she was always trying. he felt anger build up in him."don't cut the call! I called with a number you didn't have saved in your phone because I knew you won't pick my calls." She said, on the other end of the line. Bradley quickly moved to a place where he could be alone and let out his pent up anger. Standing outside a closed lockeroom didn't seem like a place that provided the required privacy he needed. "What do you want, haven't you done enough already? I loved with all my heart, I was ready to do anything to fix things with us, you said you wanted space for a while, so I travelled, but you betrayed me for no reaso.."
    
    "I am pregnant Bradley..." Bradley paused for a while to try and process things. He wasn't really sure if he heard what he heard. "Well it probably isn't mine. We have been trying for years and nothing happened and you sleep with another dude for 5 minutes and your pregnant." Bradley could feel the pain growing in him. "I am two months pregnant Bradley, believe it or not what I had was a one time thing a few weeks ago and I regret it with all my heart but this baby is yours." She said. hearing this Bradley was perplexed and his body was still as he felt a chill run down his spine. He could feel the room spin. He could not think straight not with all the thoughts running through his mind, he was extremely confused. His phone slipped of his hands and hit the floor.

CHAPTER 7


   The Retford hall ways gleamed with light that bounced off Bradley brooks face, the light Reflection glistening through his hair. Bradley had gotten a life changing news but that was a week ago and he had not told anyone about it. It had been weeks, He had been completely calm since then. He had not called his wife either. He slowly walked past the dressing room as the players talked at the top of there voices in the locker room, they had just won a home game again against Hexham and the whole place was buzzing but Bradley couldn't get in on the fun. His heart thumped as the moment went by, day by day he was frequently distracted and wasn't getting his job done to well, Kyle had asked him a few times if he was feeling okay but he had always said he was fine. Kyle who was too busy with his job and barely had free time, took his word for it. He spaced out most of the time as the day went by. His job was getting harder and harder by the minute. Maybe he had rushed into signing the contract and getting this job, as much as he loved it, he wasn't sure he was in the right state of mind to give the club his best, but at the same time he wasn't ready to open up just yet.

    Bradley who was still lost in his thoughts quickly snapped out of it as Kyle tapped his back and went past him, but quickly halted again and turned towards him. "You ok buddy? I have asked a few times this week because I noticed you have been down but I feel its your marital issue and non of my business, you know, with your divorce and all and seeing you haven't signed the papers or finalized it yet..."

      "I am ok Kyle." Bradley cut him off. "Just know, if you need someone to talk to? Am always here buddy." Kyle shrugged and walked down into The locker room on moving in Kyle noticed Paula quickly stepping out again he followed her Paula took a turn and on arriving at the curve Kyle lost her, he entered a few rooms in an attempt to find her, one of them being th janitors closet before entering the conference room. On entering the conference room Kyle noticed Paula standing at the other end of the room looking at the window. "Are you avoiding me?" He asked. "Now why would I do that?" Paula replied.

  With Kyle looking across the room, he saw Paula and kept his gaze at her, she stared back at him as they held there gaze for a while, Kyle walked towards her as he did the same. On getting close enough she blurted out. "I'm sorry for making you have to choose between being with me and sharing how you really feel."

     "No Paula I'm sorry, when you love someone and you're in a relationship witg someone, you have to be ready to open up to the person." Kyle said. "Hold on cow boy... Did you just admit you loved me? And did you just put a tag on what we are? Cause it sounded like you did." Paula joked. "Now your pushing it." Kyle smiled. Paula blushed and They both burst into laughter. "I'm really happy you apologized. I was going crazy not having you around." Paula rolled her eyes. "It was hard without you to." Kyle said. "Yeah right. Mr. 3 wins in a row." Paula joked and they laughed again before Kyle slowly dropped a kiss on her lips. Paula closed her eyes as she got lost in his arms again. Kyle lifted her to the table still holding on to her as they kissed when the door flung open and they both recoiled to there normal positions.
    
    "I need to talk to you guys." Bradley said. "You sure this can't wait?" Kyle asked as he and Paula exchanging devious smiles. "No it can't" Bradley said. "I think I might be a father soon, it's been a week since I got the news but I've been afraid to tell anyone till now, it's been weighing me all week and I need to get it out so I can get advise on what to do...you guys are the only ones I trust..."
  
  "Wait hold on...a father? Who is the mother then?" Kyle said. " Who else? My wife of course." Bradley creased his brows. "Oh snap, it would have been better with anyone else right now than her." Paula said, staring at Kyle she asked. "So what do we do?"
  "I don't know." Kyle scratched his head. They all stared at each other in confusion.

                           °°°

     Asare sat down in the locker room of Daventry after a hard training section, The well tiled room was one of the best on the league, Daventry had it all, their facilities where topnotch and up to date, the broke every standard possible. Asare was very much impressed with his new club in comparison with the shit hole locker room he used to put up with at Retford, but the atmosphere was different. The players where always professional and minded their business. Asare laid back to place the back of his head on the locker, his whole body ached and it was impossible for him to nod the ball or concentrate, it has been months since his head collision but he still had headaches that won't go away. He quickly reached into his locker and slipped some pills he hid in his palm and swallowed to ease his pain. "What are you...?" The Daventry head coach showed up behind Asare who was immediately startled." Nothing, just getting some rest." Asare replied as he chugged his pill in an uncomfortable way to hide it from his coach. "What are you resting about? After a terrible performance from you in your previous game and now you pull this shitty performance in training and your talking about rest?" The Daventry head coach didn't seem too happy. "You better get your shit together son, we paid good money for you, and I expect to get some good dividend on the pitch, you have been injured all season from your head injury that still has a little poor foundation to the story of how you got the injury and now your back on the pitch you seem distracted, you either pick up or you get loaned by the time the window draws near." The Daventry coach walked out.

Staring across the room he could see the other Daventry players deep in a hidden conversation, he knew he was still locked out of the team, the club captain, Ralph Cuenca was talking about having a party with the other players at his place, that had been happening alot lately but for some reasons he never gets an invitation, this was his chance to really get into the team. Walking over to them, the meeting broke off and the other players slowly dispersed on his arrival. "Hi captain, I couldn't help but over hear your plans for a weekend party, I was wondering if I could show up. You know, have a little bonding time with the team, get to meet the guys." Asare said with desperation gleaming in his eyes. "What party?" Cuenca replied. "You know, the one you where talking about." Asare learned around to his teammates. Every one seemed to be head deep in their locker in order to avoid confrontation. "I don't know what you are talking about amigo." Cuenca replied walking off. Asare stared at him leave the locker room in disappointment. The only way he was going to get their attention was by bringing on a good performance, they already hated him for an earlier bust up in the locker room that ended up in him getting beat up.

    Asare was having problems processing how he was going to get rid of the pain in his skull in order to pick up his performance. Slamming his locker shot, he picked his back pack and headed for the exit, reaching out side he went straight for his car. He started the engine, taking a look at his head in the mirror on last time, he backed out of the driveway and drove for the hospital.
    
    Asare went for his phone to call his agent while driving, he tried to avoid straying his attention from the road while driving, frequently changing glances from the road to his phone frantically. He called his agent and put the phone to his ear now fully concentrated on the road, he wielded the staring wheel with one hand. his agent picked immediately, almost like he was expecting the call. "Hey man, I might get cut off the squad soon." Asare seemed in shock. "No way they can't do that." His agent said on the phone. "Why would they want to loose their star player?"
    
    "They might loan me man! Look after my head injury its been hard for me to concentrate when I play, its like my head keeps banging and I'm in mad pain man, but I can't let the coach know I am not fit yet, they might actually drop me for real if am not fully recovered, no one likes an injured player that just gets paid and not play. Besides I am definitely sure my teammates hate me, they already think I am just a player good enough for the lower leagues bit surplus to requirements in the big leagues, I have to change that." Asare was frightened.
    
    "Relax , they won't, a few pain reliefs before games and you would be fine...for now...head to the doctor that I prescribed before for you that have yiu the last set." His agent said. "Already there man. Talk later." Asare pulled up at his usual clinic, he was afraid of his injury getting out by using the clubs physiotherapy department. He wasn't sure how they would react if the truth about his injury got out. Walking in, he searched around with his eyes,  he had already booked an appointment and headed straight past the counter before the nurse could stop him from heading for his doctors office. The nurse attempted following him but decided it was a fruitless endeavour.
    
     Entering he was quickly welcomed by the doctor. The dark skinned, skinny average height woman had her curly hair packed to a Bob behind her with a ball pen inserted inside it. He body shape was masked by the white laboratory coat she had on which might be the only reason Asare wasn't hitting on her right now. She was a secret fix for injuries like this, even though she swore an oat as a doctor, she didn't mind over prescribing for the right price. "Good to see you again Mr. Asare, how it the head doing?" She asked. "Hanging on" Asare said. "So terrible then?" She smiled. "The pain is getting worse doctor." Asare had an unpleasant stare on his face. "Mr. Asare when you came here we did a check up and a scan on you, you had suffered a concussion, and had a large swelling in your brain that is getting bigger. I advised surgery but you are reluctant to book an appt for the surgery. "The doctor stared at him. "I would come for the surgery just not now, if I went now and people knew I had this injury, I might get dropped from the team, its not that bad, I can still manage. Just give me a few pills and I would be on my way." Asare smiled. "it's not alright Mr. Asare it's a life and death situation, we can't afford to let things get worse, and every bone in my body keeps telling me to send a letter to your club about this injury since you won't help yourself." She said in an adamant tone. 
     
     "Look doctor, I don't really have time for this, we both know how things work, you name your price, I pay, you give me the drugs I need." Asare rolled his eyes. "You have been through 25 pills in one week Mr. Asare this is not healthy." She replied. "Cut the crap doc. Whats it gonna be?" Asare went logical. "You want the money or not? I really don't understand why you are so hot and bothered about my predicament." He added. The doctor sat in her chair for a while, weighing her options about doing what is right or just getting a fat paycheck. "Fine." She said bringing out a paper, and picking a pen as she wrote him a prescription. Asare took the paper and threw a stack of money on her desk. "Good thing we came to and understanding." He said dropping an envelope on her table with a devious smile as he walked out of the office. "Those pills won't last for long Mr. Asare!" He heard her say from behind him as he left, he didn't care enough to pay attention though.

                           °°°
    
It was hours before Retford's home game against Mile oak and most of the team players where already in the training ground hours before time agreed on for team meet up before the fixture. The Retford team where all one hundred percent dedicated to the seasons cause and where not allowing distractions get in the way of there season. Team spirit was high and they where on a winning run in the league which they intended to keep for as long as they could. If they kept this up long enough, they could actually stand a chance of winning the league. Most of the players stood on the outdoor turf running through warmups. Saunders had just showed up to the training ground. He had recently found himself spending alot of time in training avoiding staying at home in his empty house, he never went late to trainings at his time at Leamington but he never went this early either. He would probably be the first to the pitch, he thought to himself, walking in, the ground was filled with young Retford players. "Is there anything this guys aren't good at?" Saunders muttered to himself while rolling his eyes. 

      Saunders walked in through the team indoor training center and gym, he wanted to do a little more work out, he thought he was early, apparently he thought wrong, there wasn't much going on for him at home and he didn't want to spend time sitting alone. A work out seemed like the best option at the moment.

      Walking in Saunders noticed club captain Kieran Harvey on the treadmill doing some work out after early return from his injury. "God, do this young kids give it a rest? I wasn't this hard working in my youth. Its like fitness and all day training gives everyone here a hard on." Saunders muttered to himself again as he entered the club gym. Harvey was working alongside Chanon, Michal, Anderson Gowan and David Harnik.
      
      Back at Leamington, Saunders was the club captain, and he wouldn't lie he was a bit intimidated by the young Captain's fitness level and composure. Walking toward Harvey's treadmill he spoke up. "So you must be the so talked about Retford captain. Harvey took out an earpiece. "Sorry? Didn't get that." Harvey said. "Oh it nothing." Saunders realized he might have made a fool of himself. "You must be the new signing. Mr. J. E Saunders, the guy the coach said I am surrendering the captain band to." Harvey smiled. "kyle said that?" Saunders rose and eyebrow. "Yep, he thinks you are a way better and more experienced player." Harvey stopped the treadmill to stare at Saunders. "Experience never lies kid." Saunders smirked. "Oh, really? Why don't you teach we young ones some of that experience." Harvey grinned. "I personally do not agree with the headcoach, I think I was doing a very good job as captain before you showed up."
      
      "You are on! you are about to get schooled kid." Saunders said. He couldn't help but admit to himself he had a little jitters taking on the young player, he watched Harvey during Retford's first fixture, he was exceptional but Saunders was stubborn, he had something to prove, he still needed to show he was good enough, maybe if he got the better of this kid, he could get some closure in the fact that Leamington made a mistake.

    whole gym gathered round and Goalkeeper Gowan presided over the two getting into a friendly competition. They both started with the weights, Harvey jumping to the challenge laid on the bench and picked up the hanged weights pumping as fast as he could to prove a point. Saunders seemed unwavered he watched as Harvey's momentum slowed as he brought down his pace before the lift was taking off him, he had benched his limit. 

Saunders on the other hand had a devilish smile on his face, je was slightly taller and broader, he had a well build larger upper body strength. Heading to the bench, he laid down and cracked his knuckles, the boys put a 10kg bell on each end of the iron rod. Saunders encouraged the boys to put 10 more giving a slight wink.  Saunders seemed to be stronger, soon moving to leg movement drill which Harvey was good at, drills after drills, they went head to head. Moving into a small indoor pitch close to the gym, the squad gathered round as Harvey and Sanders went at it again with shooting drills. Each of them fired at stationed tragets at different ends of the post. 

Saunder went first, hitting the target on the bottom right corner, he turned back to Harvey smiling again. "I like to see you top that." Saunders smirked. He knew Harvey was talented and energetic, but a young players this riled up might not be so good with his composure when if pressured in difficult situations like this. Harvey immediately proved him wrong by hitting the exact bottom right corner, Saunders smile quickly faded away. Harvey had on the larger smile this time. The whole team where cheering and buzzing at the friendly competition. Saunders shook of the pressure and slotted in at the bottom left corner but Harvey reciprocated. Top right, and top left was also not a problem for Harvey for followed suit in proving he could do whatever the veteran could. "I guess I am that good then?" Harvey shrugged. They both stared at themselves exchanging darting glances. Harvey turned to head out of the indoor pitch when Saunders hit the upright. The ball bounced of the bar and back towards him. The sound of the ball to the bar got Harvey's attention. "Who said I was done?" Saunders raised an eyebrow. The whole squad cheered on. "Hit the post!" Gowan cried. Harvey went, took the ball off him and placed it on the spot to attempt his. Taking a deep breath, he took a few steps back and hit the ball as hard as he could. It went slightly past the bar and into the net. Making a sigh he turned to see Saunders giving a disapproving nod with a large smile. Harvey wasn't about to go down without a fight. "How about we head to my turf then, lets see how the old man copes with a little fitness." Harvey challenged.
      
   They soon moved to the treadmill as the players made stakes on who won on each drill. Harvey was topnotch on the treadmill, they had been running for 30minutes without stopping and Saunders was beginning to feel the burn. "All that experience holding you back old man?" Harvey mocked. "Oh you just touched a tigers tale boy!" Saunders said as he increased the speed on the mill. He could slowly feel his organs clench inside him like a hand had reach into his guts, grabbed it and was twisting it to produce on imaginable agony. He had never felt this much relief in his life when the gym door flung open.
       
       Kyle walked into the room as the team all settled down. And Harvey and Saunders came off the treadmill, Saunders was flowing in sweat but Harvey seemed fine. "Show your captain some respect and stop giving him a hard time." Kyle laughed on. "I love the enthusiasm ahead of our mile oak game in a few hours but I do not want fatigue getting to any of you ahead of the game. "Kyle smiled. "Alright boys lets move it!" He concluded as the team players walked off. Saunders turning to Kyle whispered. "Damn, you are training a bunch of captain America's! I have never been this happy to see you in my life." 

    "I didn't want you losing to them, I came break things up." Kyle laughed off. "Heavenly lord!" Saunders breathed out as he leaned with his hands to his knee... 

                           °°°

  It was 60 mins into the game against Mile oak and the fans had not been this estatic in a long time. Retford where two goals up already, Unwin Jake had slotted in two to keep the Retford team secure. The fans cheered at the players who where relentless in making sure Mile oak barely touched the ball. Kyle sitting in on the bench signalled to the referee on the sidelines for a change, he would see Saunders and Harvey panting with exhaustion.their stupid competition had gotten the better of them. After stressing their selvesso much before the game, they where running on Steam, barely keeping up. A substitution on the sidelines saw the referee raise his board to show Saunders was coming off, his number glared red on the board help up by the linesman. The fans cheered at their new signings performance today, he had been exceptional. Saunders clapped at the fans before taking off the band and heading towards Harvey, he slowly placed the band on Harvey's arm before turning to head to the sidelines. "Fatigue finally got to you old man?" Harvey laughed. Saunders ignored him and went off. To Harvey's surprise, the board went up again and another announcementwas made, he was coming off too, Harvey seemed extremely shocked but did his best to hide his expressions, heading towards the post he handed the armband to goalkeeper, Anderson Gowan who started in the goal post for Retford today. Slumping his head he walked off the pitch ignoring the fans praise and cheer for him.  Bill Cox and Omar juari jogged on the sidelines preparing to come in, seeing things now Kyle realised he should have probably brought Omaras a substitute in earlier games when the scorelinewas more comfortable, Omar seemed completely calm and less pressured today, the scoreline was very comfortable and there was little pressure on him.

    Kieran Harvey on getting to the bench searched with his eyes for an alternative position to seat in, the only place availablewas beside Saunders who had a large grin on his face. He tapped on the seat beside him signalling for Harvey to join him. Harvey rolling his eyes went to sit right beside Saunders. "Fatigue finally got to you, jock?" Saunders said sarcastically. The two stared at themselves for a while before both sharing a good laugh. "I have to admit, I did not see that one coming." Harvey said. "He could smell out tiredness from a mile away." Saunder gestured towards Kyle who was fully concentrated on retaining his lead. "You know, the whole competition was entirely unnecessary." Harvey said. "Na, I think competitions are very healthy, they improve youas a person individually, but not before a game though." Saunders mocked to both their amusement. 

"I challenged you for the wrong reasons actually, you know, as a kid I used to Idolise you so much, probably every young defender used to at that time, Omar gets it." Harvey said pointing towards Omar who had just executed a perfect tackle. Saunders attention focused on Omar on the pitch playing his heart out, his guilt built up inside the further he looked, noticing Harvey was still talking he turned his attention back to him as Harvey continued. "Young defender from 5th tier Malmesbury makes big move to Leamington, you where proof that hardwork actually paid off. You made me work hard alot. But I never actually made it into the first team no matter how hard I tried, I was never good enough for the previous coach, and all of a sudden, a new coach comes in, the club can't afford more players and you are promoted, somehow I can help but think that maybe I'm a fraud, think about it, without the club being in this situation, I might have never made it here. When I was injured and I was told ymthe club signed you, I was a little scared, I felt I was definitely going back to the youth team, and when I saw you, I wanted to prove I was good enough." Harvey said. "Look kid, one thing I have learnt in life is that, nothing is fair, it doesn't matter how you got here or why you are here. It's all about using the opportunity to prove that you are worth the chance you where given. Now I know you are good because we have faced off, and you would obviously get better, you just have to believe it and show the fans that you are." Saunders replied.

"Now about that captain armband, you are a fine leader but I'm holding on to it for a little while longer, besides I won the challenge." Saunders added. "No you didn't Oldman..." Harvey replied with a chuckle. Harvey and Saunders watched on quietly till the final whistle went off, the Mile Oak players slowly dragged their feets, leaving the pitch after their humbling defeat. The Retford players exchanged handshakes, and celebrated their outstanding victory. Harvey got up and left for the dressing room with the rest of the squad. Saunders sitting on the bench spotted Omar Juari heading into the tunnel with Unwin Jake after his brilliant performance in defence to retain their lead. Feeling a little hesitant he could feel a voice in his bugging him to put his pride aside. Contemplating for a while he event mustered up the balls. Walking towards Omar and Unwin he dropped his hands on Unwind shoulder. "You really killed it out there today kid." Saunders smiled at Unwin who nodded in return, Unwin seemed very distracted, he kept staring around the stadium searching for something Saunders could not make out, Saunders raised his hand towards Omar for a handshake. "Nice game today, you where good out there too." Saunders smiled. "Thank you, it means alot coming from you." Omar replied. They both continued walking side by side into the locker room. Unwin slowed down, looking back at the stands as Saunders and Omar walked in. "Still enjoying your moment I guess?" Saunder turned to Unwin. "I would be there in a moment you guys can go without me." Unwin replied. Omar shrugged, following Saunders into the tunnels. Turning nervously towards Omar, Saunders hesitantly blurted out. "I wanted to talk to about something."

"Sure Mr Saunders" Omar was as loyal as a lap dog. "The other day at training, I tried to poach your number off you." Saunders stared at the floor as they walked in. "It's ok, I know you have been with the number alot through your career and I also asked around as at why you might want it. The number is important to both of us." Omar said. "It's not okay kid, if I am being Frank with you, it wasn't even about the number, I was a tad selfish, the thought of not being able to get a jersey from a player who had no professional appearance in football is slightly demeaning. When I signed here, I expected the presidential treatment, I was hoping to get whatever I wanted, I had a mindset that I was better than the club, but I am not, no one is better than a club. I understand that now, and I am really growing to enjoy it here." Saunders let out a slight smile. "We all are, I never thought professional footballers would be this accepting." Omar smiled. "We are all good Mr. Saunders and it's a pleasure working with you." Omar said as he jogged off. Saunders cracked a smile as he watched Omar bounce off with his youthful bravado. Turning to his side Unwin had just walked past him into the dressing room, he didn't seem too happy for someone who had scored a brace. 
            
    Unwin was having a hard time processing the fact that his father had not showed up today again. Maybe he would never show, it seems leaving things and accepting the fact his dad was never showing was the best option. Unwin was very quiet in the dressing room, he was leaving the stadium with best friend Bill Cox as they shook hands and bid fairwell to Justice Yeboah. The two walked over to Floyd Unwin who stood outside the stadium. "There are my two rock stars." Floyd grinned. "Thanks for picking us up grandpa." Unwin smiled. "You two keep performing the way you are and soon you boys would be driving me in your own limo's." Floyd cracked at them. "A limo is not my style Mr. Floyd." Cox joked. "Well your style better be big and flashy because this old man likes to make a good entrance." Floyd joked, the three of them laughed in response until Unwin turned to something that caught his eyes, or someone, he couldn't completely make out the silhouette of the figure approaching, squinting his eyes, things got clearer the closer the person came, looking down the parking lot he could see his father standing right there beside his pick-up truck. "He came after all!" Unwin cried. Turning towards Bill Cox who had a very supportive smile he grinned back. But grandpa Floyd's didn't seem too happy on seeing his son.

   Unwin wanted to confront him but grandpa Floyd held him back. "I would handle this boy." He said walking towards his son who had a low cut brown hair and a poorly shaved stubble, he had a slight resemblance to grandpa flowed but was slightly taller, he had a sleeveless jacked over his long sleeved shirt which was folded on both sleeves to his elbow level and slightly faded jeans. Grandpa Floyd walked up to him and dragged him far away from Unwin to avoid him hearing their conversation.
   
   "Hi dad, I need to speak to my son. If you don't mind getting out of the way." Unwin's father spoke. "Not happening son. Ever since that boy moved all the way to this town to live with me, you have not up to a single game, not even a practice, you have not picked his calls, or text, I know you don't support football but this is your son and you went too far." Grandpa Floyd replied he didn't get along well with his son. "Well I'm here now, and you are the one who took him away." Unwin's father said. "Me taking him away was your fault, you still don't take responsibility for your actions, You should have been here 5 years ago when he joined the youth team, I didn't raise you to be this kind of person son, a person who neglects his child." Grandpa Floyd retorted as he walked back to Unwin and Cox. "Like the way you rejected me?" Unwin's father followed up. Turning, grandpa Floyd smiled. "Son, I never rejected you, you where young, you where about to sign a professional contract, you failed a doping test, you blew your chance, but I was there for you... You pushed me away, and your way of dealing with things was knocking a stranger up who didn't want the baby, drinking and doing more of the drugs that ended your career before it started, you don't like football because you failed at it but you can't frustrate your boy because of your problems, I won't let that happen."
   
   "Maybe if you had been a good father and paid attention you would have noticed I was on drugs and stopped me before I wasted my life." Unwin's father was at the top of his voice. "Na... Son, you can't blame me for that, you never took responsibility for your actions then and you still won't now, now if you don't mind I am trying to make sure I don't make your mistakes again and try and keep this son from drugs." Grandpa Floyd gestured at Unwin who seemed confused, he wanted to see his dad, and he thought his grandfather felt the same way too, after all it was his son they where talking about, so why is his grandfather taking him away?
   
   Walking towards his car again he turned. "And son... Don't make a scene, I know you tend to overreact and get dramatic, the stadium security of this great establishment wouldn't appreciate you causing a scene near there most priced striker." Grandpa floyed concluded as he headed to his car, Cox and Unwin where already sitting in it, he put his seat belt, started the vehicle, revving the engine, and drove.
   
   Driving home Floyd looked at Unwin. "Are you ok boy?" He asked. "I'm good grandpa, I thought I had made peace with the fact he didn't want me, maybe I haven't, its just that the fact that he is back right now is confusing." Unwin answered. "Don't let him rattle you boy, he is my son, if he shows up now, he is up to something." Floyd countered. "You know...I never saw my dad growing up, if I had a chance to meet him? Even if he was an addict, I did give him a shot." Cox suggested awkwardly. "I Know you care about your friend Cox. But this ain't your fight, you kids just let me handle this. And don't talk to him if you see him anywhere." Floyd added. "Actually, I am on Bill's side on this one, I am confused, that's the problem grandpa, he said you didn't let him see me, and all this while you said he didn't want to come. I would really like you to explain that." Unwin turned to his grandfather looking vexed and curious at the same time. "Look son, he is trouble, I know him, his distance is what is best for you." Grandpa Floyd replied. "Seeing my father is good for me!" Unwin's rage grew. Cox in the back seat felt a little confused by an argument he might have unknowingly started. "You don't know him like I do Unwin." Grandpa Floyd berede. "Because you won't let me." Unwin replied seating up. "Because he would corrupt you! I made alot of mistakes raising that boy and I would be damned if I made the same mistake with you!" Grandpa Floyd growled. "They are my mistakes to make." Unwin muttered leaning back on his seat. "look, I am sorry for shouting at you but trust me, you are better off without him." Grandpa Floyd sighed. "People change, what if he is different now." Unwin said. "I highly doubt that. Why don't we talk about this another time Unwin, I need to concentrate on the road so I don't kill us all, maybe if we stop all the argument we can live to argue another day." Grandpa Floyd cut in. Unwin rolled his eyes at his grandfather's excuse to avoid the discussion. The ride home was quiet and very awkward as they all stared anywhere but at each other...

                           °°°

   Bradley was in his vehicle home after the game against mile oak, he had been very quiet and very less opinionated during the game which was not like him, Kyle must have noticed but would have probably avoided poking an open wound, he had alot on his mind, he had not gone home in a longtime since he last caught his wife cheating on him, he was both nervous and reluctant about going to see her, he wasn't ready to forgive her yet, but also he couldn't help but imagine, what if he was going to be a father soon? They had been trying for a long time and things weren't working out, the doctors they visited couldn't find anything wrong with either of them, but then again, what if the child wasn't his, and there probably wasn't a way he was aware of that things like this could be checked till the baby was born, he didn't know how he was going to react when he sees her. Looking for a little distraction, Bradley switched on the radio, the loud Brythonic rock filled the car, it was probably too loud for him, rock was definitely not his type of song, the loud guitar chords and roars where really getting on his nerves, making him a little more angry than he wanted to be. Changing the channel, it switched to an interview, the football program was on, finally something he could relate to. 
LIVE ON RADIO...
"We have with us a special player today, one most of the fans have been wanting a scoop on, he has been very difficult to find but we finally got a hold of this one to give us the juicy gist on what is going on."  Bradley could recognise Gregg Hills voice anywhere. "God, how many gigs can you handle? Commentary, a TV show, now you are on radio? Oh come on Gregg." Bradley muttered to himself.
"This player needs no introduction, on time Retford player, nicknamed the 'bad boy'..."  Bradley creased his eyebrows curiously, wondering who it might be. "Welcoming Anthony Asare to the studio!" Rolling his eyes Bradley Brooks listened on. "Thanks Gregg, when you contacted me an said you wanted me to be on radio, I was excited, I have to say." Asare said through Bradley's radio. "Oh it's nothing, we just wanted to get the scoop on your injury personally, clear the air on the rumors that you are faking a head injury, some say they never saw you hit your head." Gregg questioned. "Erh...well, you see Gregg, as complicatedas an explanation may sound and probably waste both our times right now I would cut to the chase, anyone who has a doubt can come check my skull themselves, and I would like to let you know that I have had the full support of the club, they have taken care of me through the hard times, this is the kind of treatment you don't get at Retford, I have to say, people here a phenomenal..." Asare said. Bradley listening to the radio could feel rage building in him, the road got swirly and the horizon started to blur, he got angrier with every passing moment. This idiot was taking full advantage of his head injury, he was milking it for what it was worth, getting all the attention he could, for shagging his wife. The road got more and more blury and Bradley's heart rate increased rapidly, was he having a Panick attack? he thought to himself. Shaking off his anxiety quickly he turned off the Radio, he had heard enough, he didn't want this guy frustrating him again today.

   He parked the car in the drive way of his home and came down from the vehicle, taking in the environment. The condo was exactly the way he left it, it even smelt better, everywhere seemed very clean, way cleaner than he remembered. "God how I have missed home." He muttered under his breath. Walking to the front door he was a bit hesitant, taking in a deep breath to calm his racing heart, he knocked, no one answered, he knocked again, and decided to wait a bit, pacing, he was losing his patients, he almost went for the key where they always hid it but resisted, that was definitely a bad idea, the last time he let himself in without letting her know got them here, he was about to knock again when the door flung open.
   
   She was there standing in front of him. Bradley who had no idea of how to react to things stood perfectly still. Staring at her, she was still as beautiful as he remembered, apart from the large hint of stress that ran across her face and the bags under her eyes. She was probably not getting any sleep, he was supposed to feel good that she was probably tortured by her actions towards him but he couldn't help but feel bad and pity. When you really love someone, you never want to see them in pain, no matter how much they hurt you. 

   "Come in." She said. Walking in, Bradley looked around, missing the smell of his home. "Can I offer you anything? Coffee, sorry tea, honey you like tea." She seemed very nervous too. "No, no tea...and I'm not your honey." Bradley was stern. "Oh ok." She responded like she had thorns in her throat. Bradley looking at her could notice a slight belle bump on her tummy. "How is the baby?" He asked awkwardly. "Is he...or she okay?" 
   
     "The baby is fine, I was really nervous when you finally called me back and said you where coming. I realized that may be we could fix things." Her voice quivered. She seemed nervous as a long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs. "There is nothing to fix. I just came to talk about the baby." Bradley cut her off. She looked really tired and had bags under her eyes, she must be having a really hard time, Bradley on staring deeply at her realized how much he missed his wife and how much he wanted to comfort her right now but he held his ground. "Ok at least take a seat lets talk." She said.
     
     "No, I'm fine." Bradley was adamant. "Umn... The doctor said the baby is doing fine and that I have to rest alot, and.. and have someone stay and take care of me, I was wondering if you would stay, if we could start over, give this child a family?" She said. 

   Bradley's eyes was feeling watery. He averted his eyes towards anywhere but at her, looking around the room, he could feel it get swirly again, he felt sudden wave of intense anxiety, his mouth became very dry, the mounting phycological arousal of fear crept in, he felt Very cold, stomach problems and discomfort, he could feel both somatic and cognitive symptoms, his panic attack was back. "Honey are you ok?" She said. There was a slight pause between them. Bradley seemed lost in his thoughts for a second, his mind danced around through different thoughts.

He couldn't contain his emotions. "I told my lawyer to draft some divorce papers, you would get it soon. Ensure to sign it." Bradley's voice was growing hoarse as his throat got heavier. He walked out of the house and headed back for his car. 

  He heard her shout his name but he didn't turn back. He wasn't sure why he said that, he had come for an entirely different reason, he wanted to see how she was doing, his actions might have put her under alot of stress which was bad for the baby. Bradley had second thoughts, maybe he had made a mistake by telling her that, he wanted to take it back, he tried turning back but heard the door slam behind him. 

    Karen Brooks leaned with her back to the door, she felt very confused, things was going well, she knew he would be a little hesitant but he couldn't possibly want to end it like that, he can't want a divorce, Her mouth went dry at the thought of living without him, the thought of staying the way she had been, alone this few months, it has been her worst nightmare, she could feel a slight prickle in her heart as the tears ran down her cheeks.

    She was definitely not prepared for this, putting her hands over the slight bump in her belly, she was certain that this baby wasn't growing with parents apart even if it was the last thing she did. she loved him very much and was going to do all she could to get him back.   
CHAPTER 8



  Game day against Cardington and Retford looked very sharp ahead of the fixture. The away game saw Cardington's home ground fill up to the brim with fans, this time, alot of Retford fans had travelled to watch their team's performance, the growing fanbase was turning up to the more and more to show support. Now that Retford was doing really well the hope was back again. The Cardington side wore a yellow kit and brown shorts and most of the players on the pitch had yellow cleats to match, Retford in the other hand dawned a pure white away kit for the occasion. Kyle had his whole players ready and based on recent performance in training he was very sure about getting a positive result today. Bradley walked over to his side as the game got ready to preside before kick off, Kieran Harvey was back from injury and was back in the set up after getting subbed off in the previous game but had happily handed the captain band to Saunders who was the older and most respected player in the team. Cox sat on the bench to prevent fatigue getting to him.

      Bradley heard his phone vibrate, looking at his phone again, it was his wife calling, he cut it and slotted his phone back in his pocket but not before Kyle saw the caller. "You have been ignoring her calls for weeks now, I think its time you called her Bradley." Kyle said. "Didn't Know you where counting." Bradley cut deep with his reply. "Sorry for being in your business, its not on me to tell you what to do, I just need to know all my coaching team brought there A-game today." Kyle said. "I am 100%." Bradley replied. Kyle nodding said. "Good." Hoping Bradley was sure about his own words, Kyle kept quiet and concentrated on the game ahead.

    The game kicked off quick and Cardington where no match for Retford, the game kicked off and Retford started putting pressure from the first minute. Midfielder Michal made a run through the middle before setting a pass for striker Unwin who had a good first touch. Balancing very well but shooting completely wide. Unwin shook his head, he wanted to be at the top of his game but couldn't focus, he kept thinking about his father as things kept running through his mind, he seemed very confused at the moment.
    
    He was still lost in thought when a quick low pass straight into the box went past him without him noticing it. He was slow to react and did very little to go after the ball. His performance only got worse as the minutes went by, the whole team was doing fine but couldn't get the final finish.
    Kyle turning towards Bradley whispered. "I don't think Unwin's mind is here today. You think he looks a little distracted?"
    
    "Even if he was we have no substitute for the striking position, using one of the youth team players doesn't seem suitable at the moment, they are not ready yet." Bradley replied. "Lets leave it till the second half to see how it goes.
    
     The second half of the game had just begun and Unwin's shot had been graciously saved by the keeper, he didn't have much work to do as the shot had little power to it. His performance was getting worse. 50 minutes into the game and Retford's head coach made a much needed substitution removing Unwin and bringing Cox.
     
     This formation change meant the two wingers became strikers and the full backs advanced foward to a wingback role as Saunders Cox and Harvey played a three man defensive routine. The team weren't really used to this new formation and had troubles keeping things together, but luckily Cardington weren't strong enough to break the deadlock as the game ended in a draw. 
     
Walking off the pitch, Unwin seemed very frustrated about his performance, he kept his head down as he strolled off the pitch breathing heavily. Headcoach Kyle stood waiting in front of the tunnels to speak to him, and Unwin could notice how crossed he was from a distance, their eyes met, Unwin was definitely sure he was pissed. He gestured toward Unwin to come over. Unwin increased his pace, turning his walk into a slight jog, on getting close to Kyle he felt Kyle's hands on his shoulder as he pulled him to whisper in his ears. "Are you ok Jake? You looked like your mind wasn't in the game at all today." Kyle asked. "I'm ok coach, sorry I was distracted. It won't happen again." Unwin said. Kyle looked at him. "It better not."

     Unwin could tell that head coach Kyle was trying to call him to the side and have a heart felt talk before the team talk with the whole squad but he was also trying to keep it short and brief, he was bad at it too, this was something assistant coach Bradley Brooks thrived at. Unwin got the message and nodded, Kyle gave him a nice pat on the back before heading inside the tunnels. Unwin letting out a light sigh turned back to the pitch and knowing it was unnecessary, looked at the stands one more time, a particular figure had been standing there for a while, staring deeply he noticed it was his father, he had showed up for the first time in a while which was amazing but also slightly puzzling, his father waved at him with a large grin on his face, but Unwin was leaning towards his grandfather's words about him being tricky and up to something. Turning his gaze away from him, Unwin went straight into the tunnels without looking back.


                           °°°

  Sitting in his large bedroom, in the home all his money went to, the high ceilings and large mattresses, the dim evening light from the window glazed his face ever so lightly. Asare had realized his pains weren't going away. They where getting really worse but he couldn't afford to waste his season. His career was walking on egg shells, one slip up and it would not end well for him. He had managed to put up a good show that things was going ok but they really weren't. 

   Lying in his bed he couldn't sleep. His headache's won't let him. He needed something to drown his pains. Asare got up and headed for the toilet. On getting there he reached for his cabinet, checking inside he could see only two pills left in his drug container. The doctor would not give him anymore pills and besides. The pains had gotten so much the drugs where literally barely keeping them in check.
    
    He decided to store the remaining pills for tomorrow's game. But for tonight, he needed something to make him forget his problems. He took his phone and called some friends. "Hey...I am going out tonight, was wondering if you guys could come out and hang...I know I have a game tomorrow, its in the evening...you coming or what?...fine I would go on my own." He hung up. 
    
    Most of his friends didn't want to be part of the reason an athlete got drunk a day before the game. Most of them had bailed on him, he had been on numerous calls all evening, finding anyone to hang out with tonight but everyone seemed to have an excuse as to why they couldn't show up. That didn't matter to him, he wasn't one to stay drunk for long, he always got sober really quick. That seemed like a disadvantage today because he was trying to stay as drunk as possible today. Getting dressed he got up and headed downstairs for his ride. He sat inside taking a deep breath in, clenching his fist on the steering wheel, closing his eyes as tight as he could, locking his jaws he let out the air throughhis mouth and reached for his dashboard to get a small bottle of gin he had left there earlier, taking a light sip he clenched his jaws tightly at the after burn of it, and slowly relaxed, he could feel the pain slowly drift away. Opening his eyes he turned on the ignition. revving the engine as hard as he could and taking a ride to the club. He knew if his manager saw him right now he would probably flip, but that was one of the reasons he wasn't going to find out. Holding his head as he parked in front of the club he felt the pain run in again. He reached for the small bottle and drank what was left of it. "God I need something stronger." He muttered to himself.
    
    Walking over to the bouncer and skipping the line, he was a regular here, he shook the bouncer followed by a shoulder nudge before slipping a little cash into his pocket and going in. The club was filled with party lights and was crowded with alot of people dancing and moving their body to the beat on the dance floor. Asare Usually went for the VIP section, but that was probably not a good idea for him today, he wanted to keep a low profile, now that he thought of it, a liquor store would have definitely sorted out his problems easier.

   Walking in and pushing through the crowd of people Asare wasn't ready to dance. He headed straight for the bar and sitting there ordered for a drink by raising an index finger to the bartender to signify one glass. The bartender brought a shot glass but he said no with his hand motion and requested full beer glass. He heard the bartender say something in a frantic voice about how he was a big fan, but Asare was not listening. The drink he had in the car was kicking in and it was a good feeling, he needed more.
    
    Asare had been drinking glass after glass all night as he felt the pain slowly subside as he got alot more tipsy. A lady walked up to his side on the bar counter and tried starting a conversation, she had been smiling and talking but all he did was smile and nod, he was way out of this world and wasn't hearing a thing she was saying. The only thing he heard was "wanna go out the back?" And the next thing he knew he was in the bathroom kissing her lips and groping her all over. Asare spaced out for a minute as he felt every thing fade away.
    
    The large loop of a clocks chime rang in his ear constantly, to increase the headache he felt, the pain ran from the back of his scalp to every nerve ending on his head. The bright morning sun burnt into his eyes as he tried opening them. Asare woke up to his alarm ringing. He looked at the lady by his side though he had no idea who she was the time and then looked at his alarm. He realized he was almost late for the pregame meet up for his team before they all rode the team bus to there away game. "Oh shit I am almost late for my game!" He got up and rushed to the bathroom to make a quick shower before he realized she had woken up. Standing there his headache hit him again and he felt his head spin. Walking back into the bathroom he went for his pills.

"You have a really beautiful place." The strange lady who had followed him from the club said. She had on an old T-Shirt of his which he was probably not going to get back from the look of things. She was a beautiful red head with the shape of a goddess and lips red enough to match her hair, he didn't pay much attention to the color of her eyes, and her beautiful didn't move him at all, being a footballer of his status, he met alot of beautiful women, everyday. Asare didn't reply, he was in a hurry. He knew she had told him her name yesterday in the club but he obviously wasn't listening. Chugging down his tablets he went for a glass of water. Taking a new set of band aids he placed a light plaster over his scared forehead and but a head band over it.
    
    "You know that shit isn't strong enough for your hangover headaches." She said. "this came highly recommend from a doctor." Asare said as he took the pills completely. "Sorry but you need to leave, I've got a big game to catch if you don't mind." As Asare said it his headaches got worse. "you know, I got something that could really help with that pain of your." She said as she reached for her bag to bring out a little pink pill. "Whats in it?" Asare asked. "Don't be a baby." She said as she slowly raised the pill to his mouth. Asare took it and swallowed. "Thanks, Now go!" Asare said. "Here's my number, just incase you want to have fun again, she picked his phone and dialed her number in it, before picking her clothes, winking and leaving. 


                           °°°


   The Retford training center was bustling early in the morning, the squad had reported to training, as soon as possible after Thier last game. The training equipments where set, and as always the atmosphere in the club was high. Unwin was in training after a 0-0 stale game between Retford and Cardington they had all the chances at goal but he couldn't convert any of them, he had been distracted with issues with his father of late. Remembering his father standing in the rows waving at him, the image wouldn't leave his mind, he knew he wasn't supposed to care, but he couldn't help but wonder why his father wasn't there all this while, since finding his grandfather had lied to him recently, maybe what he thought about his dad wasn't all there was, maybe he really needed to hear his father's side of the story, but then again, he didn't want to hinder the club's chances of a trophy this season because of his personal baggage. If only he could find a way to block out all this thoughts and concentrate on his football solely. With drills going on, Unwin stood still lost in his thoughts, miles away from training. Cox who had noticed this and ran straight to him as tried his precision drills in trying to hit targets, it wasn't working, he was too distracted to be accurate. "How are you feeling Unwin?" Cox asked. "I noticed you spaced out during the previous game. it was like you weren't even with us on the pitch. The last time I saw that was on my debute." Cox joked, Unwin gave a fake smile. "Okay, tough crowd." Cox returned. 
 
   "Its not you man, its jus that I've been thinking about my dad lately, questions keep rolling through my mind, like why would he not show up for me? Like he never cared, and what kind of man get high on drugs and overdose over and over till child protective services take your kid to go live with his grandfather?" Unwin seemed puzzled. "I want to hate him so bad but then I keep thinking about what you said in the car, and I'm just wondering if I should give him a chance."
   "As a player who wants to win games, I would say listen to your grandpa and stay away, we all know he can really get to you, you just saw him once and see how it screwed your mind. But as your friend I would say go see him, every child in a complicated relationship with there parents deserve to know why, any way I figured you are gonna pick the answer you want to hear though, your decision was already made before you asked. Now how about putting a little more effort in training, you are this close to sitting on the bench if you don't fix your form and get back to scoring ways." Cox replied jogging off. 

Kyle stood at the sidelines watching his players work, he was feeling exhausted, he had been multitasking alot lately with Bradley Brooks being absent alot of late, he barely paid attention to the players working on the pitch, he barely got any sleep last night and was on the brink of taking a nap on the spot. His eyes slowly closed as he stood and his head dropped slowly as his neck gave in to the weight of it.

    "Wake up sleepy head, you are cute when you sleep and I don't mind watching you sleep all day, but not when it would get you fired. Stay sharp, Sheridan has his eyes on you from his windowed office." Paula startled Kyle. He immediately jumped from his slumber. "Huh?! Oh, not to worry Paula, the players are fine. This bunch don't even need me with all the talent's we have flowing around." Kyle replied. "I know the players are okay but are you? You seem really stressed out." Paula added. "I'm fine, it's nothing, I'm sharp as an eagle." Kyle retorted. "How about using that eagle eye of yours to spot your striker standing there doing nothing. He seems more lost than you are, he was terrible in the last game. Bradley usually controls the player dynamics well, are you sure you can handle it?" Paula questioned. "He is fine, I spoke to him after the game, he said he would fix it. He would be good before our next game. I just have alot on my plate right now, the managerial duties supercedes just coaching the team to win the game, I wish Bradley was here." Kyle sighed. "Bradley didn't show up again. I just hope he is doing okay." Paula replied. "But I can't fault him for missing out, he is going through alot and I do not want him loosing the job he just got because I couldn't manage a few boys on my own." Kyle managed a nervous smile. "Very thoughtful. Just don't drool on your shirt mister." Paula joked. "She has jokes...Okay." Kyle replied with a slight nod.

Unwin staring from the side lines noticed Kyle and Paula deep in conversation, Paula's eyes where locked directly at him, it seemed he was the topic of their discussion, maybe they had noticed him standing hopelessly in training. Of course they did, they where right there looking at him, he might get benched for the next game. Paula walked away laughing with the headcoach, her smile turned into a quick tensed gaze that darted directly at him. She knew something was up.

    Moments after, training was over before Unwin prepared to leave while walking with Cox, he told Cox. "Meet you in the parking lot, want to quickly hash a few things out." Cox nodded in agreement. he went straight to Paula who was in her office. 

The door was slightly open and Paula was on her desk, rummaging through files. Unwin cracked the door open slightly and peeked in. "Mrs. Paula, can I talk to you?" Unwin coughed out. "Sure, come in, apparently this club cannot afford to hire someone in the human resources department, so I also do that too apart from running every other thing around here." Paula rolled her eyes. "Am I getting benched for the next game?" Unwin had jitters. Paula managed a chuckle. "That is not for me to decide, but I doubt that, who would we replace you with? You are the best we have Unwin." Paula replied.

"Pheew! So...erh...Can I ask you for advice?" Unwin said. "Sure! I don't get paid enough for this but, what the hell, fire away." Paula said. "So I have this friend who's father left him years back and never called or picked his calls or even tried to keep in contact, but his dad recently showed up, what do you think this friend should do?" Unwin asked. "So does this hypothetical friend play for my team? Don't answer that... Unwin, I don't really think its my place to make this decisions for you or your friend, I had a father who loved me and was always there for me before he passed, so I cannot understand why any parent would treat their child that way. I personally don't think a parent like that deserves to even be a parent, but then I have never been in your hypothetical friends shoes so I can't be so sure or be in the right place to judge right now." Paula said. "Thanks." Unwin said, Paula smilling responded. "Anytime."
    
    Unwin got to the parking lot to see Cox standing impatiently, having his kit bag in his hand. "What was that all about?" Cox seemed curious. "Oh nothing." Unwin brushed the topic aside, Cox had a suspicious state but ignored his curiosity and let out a light sigh. He and Unwin were waiting in the parking lot for Unwin's grandfather father who was late today. "I wonder what keeping your granddad?" Cox said. "We just have to wait a little longer, he'll be here." Unwin said. They both stood there for 5 more minutes before a pick up truck drove into the stadiums parking lot. "About time." Unwin looked frustrated. Cox turning to Unwin could see him rolling his eyes, something was definitely wrong, Bill Cox changed his relieved expression as he creased his brows. Slowly tapping Unwin. "Your grandpa doesn't drive a pick up Jake." Cox added. "I know Bill." Unwin replied. "That isn't right."
    
    The car door flung open and Unwin's father came out of the front seat, this time he had a long sleeved stripped shirt that was folded to his elbows and a terribly ripped jeans, he was the kind of old that never admitted that Thier youth was over and age was creeping on them. "Its your dad, we probably need to bounce." Cox nudged Unwin. Unwin seemed very hesitant. "I don't know men, maybe we should hear what he has to say. After all it was Ur idea." Unwin turned to Cox who was slightly frightened. "We definitely need to leave here now, right now, I am leaning towards your grandpa's words on how erratic he can get, I don't like unpredictable people." Bill's voice quivered. "Wait... Wait, I don't want trouble, I won't disturb you, I just want to see who my son has grown up to be, the last time I was with you, you where what? 15." Unwin's father said as he approached them slowly with both his hands up. Bill Cox and Unwin Jake exchanged looks. "I know your grandpa might have said a few things about me, I'm very sure they are unpleasant, but we have had our share of spats in the past, why not get to know me eh? See things from my point of view...How about I take you for a drink? Just us." His father said. "I don't drink." Unwin countered. "Umnn ok, coffee? For me and you, father and son bonding time. You seem exhausted after training, maybe soda instead, whatever you pick." His father suggested. "No, he's coming with me." Unwin gestured at Cox. "Fine, the two of you can come. The more the merrier. Right?" His father smiled with his arms stretched out.
    
    Cox, Unwin and his father sat at a nearby coffee shop. The café was close to the stadium which was mostly used by the locals but was slightly empty because noon was quick drawing near. Cox stood close but was deeply immersed in his phone, he wanted to give them some space but Unwin had insisted on him sitting close. Cox decided to not look like he was listening to a very personal conversation.

"You know son, it's been a while since we have been together like this. I never actually thought you would make it to be in the first team, I always thought football would disappoint you the way it disappointed me." Unwin's father said. "Hard work paid off I guess?" Unwin turning towards Cox smiled. Cox smiled back before turning to continue on his phone. "Hard work...I know, but you where such a terrible footballer at a young age boy, you could never kick straight, look at you curling shot everywhere now." His father laughed on. Unwin didn't find anything he said quiet amusing. "So how have you been all this while dad?" Unwin asked, his father scratching his head rambled on. "Oh you know, the usual, things are little hard and all with me being way behind on my rent and me lacking funds, I was about to loose hope till I found out my son was now a soccer star, and was banging goals and I thought, maybe this is Gods way of paying me back for a shitty life. I had to get in touch." Eve's dropping on the conversation, Cox couldn't help but Butt in. "Why?" Cox raised an eyebrow. "Why what?" Unwin's father replied "Why are you here Mr. Unwin?" Cox cut in. "To see my son, to get to know him, find out what I have been missing all this while, I should have come sooner son and I am very sorry." Unwin father had a smile on his face. "That is a good question, why didn't you come sooner?" Cox cut in. Unwin seemed very confused in the middle of their rant.

   "What is that supposed to mean?" His father replied. "Because it looks to me like you're trying to hassle him for money he doesn't have yet." Cox turned a grim face. "Hey Cox, don't be like that..." Unwin wasn't done talking.
    
     Grandpa Floyd walked into the coffee shop. "What are you doing here boy?" Floyed was furious. "I told you to stay away from him." Turning to Bill Cox. "You let your friend take this path? After all the warnings, you still let him be here with him?" Floyd was furious. "Grandpa, calm down." Unwin said. "Come on old man, what's your problem, I am trying to have a little time with my child, what is so wrong with that? " Unwin's father challenged. "Does your son know your still using? Yes I know, you think I don't know what is going on in my son's life? I can't keep you grandson from you? I check on you boy! If you man up and stop using, I might have brought your son to you. All you needed to do was prove you where a changed man. You are not seeing this boy again till you put yourself together." Floyed fired back. "You say it like it's easy, you don't know what it is like, to want to fix yourself, but you can't, but I am trying, I am putting myself together, I have my own place now, everything is getting better for me, I never wanted my son to see me the way I was before, I had to make sure when he looked at me, he saw someone worth calling his father. You don't know what it feels like to be in my shoes." Unwin's father breathed heavily. "You are right boy, I would never know what it would be like to be in your shoes because I would have never been stupid enough to be on drugs in the first place." Grandpa Floyd replied.

    Unwin's father was filled with rage and took a swing at grandpa Floyd hitting him in the face, pent up anger and tension between them had built up all the way to the brim that he had to let it out, and it came out like a volcano eruption connection to Grandpa Floyd as he passed out flat on the floor. Unwin watching his grandfather hit the floor went apoplectic, he got furious and attacked his father,  attempting to connect with his face, Bill Cox ran to hold him back, a very few amount of people left in the coffee shop where quick to respond to the controversy and separate the dispute, an ambulance was called and grandpa Floyd was rushed to the hospital.

                           °°°

Sheridan Layne's wife Carolyne parked her car as she headed straight for Karen's door, she always checked on pregnant Karen from time to time. Before entering she went to check for mails and helped Karen bring them out. She headed for the door and used the key, Karen had giving her a key to come in whenever she liked incase of an emergency. Entering the condo she saw Karen sitting at the dining as she munched at her brunch, she had been eating excessively of late.

Walking into the apartment, Carolyne could see Karen stuffing her mouth with food and chugging down as much as she could take. The site was both hilarious and saddening.

     "Eating for 2 I see?" Carolyne joked. Karen laughed a bit, she still looked very stressed, which Carolyne wasn't quite sure if it was due to the pregnancy or he issues with her husband. Carolyne dropped a stack of mails on the table. "Mails for you, I realized you might not be doing alot of walking around with the swollen pregnancy feets, so I decided to help get them." Karen dropped the sandwich she had on her hand and picking up a table cloth, she whipped off the mustard from her face.
     
     "Thanks Carolyne, I don't know how to thank you enough, you have been more than there for me this few months, and the sacrifices you make for me means the world to me." Karen confessed. "now you don't worry about all that, helping you is the highlight of my day. Home gets really boring sometimes." Karen rummaged through the mail slowly putting aside less important ones. 
     
     Carolyne went to set her things aside and make herself a cup of tea. Adding a little sugar with her tea bag she noticed a little whimper behind her. On turning she saw Karen hold her hands to her mouth as she looked at a letter and broke down in tears. Carolyne leaving her tea ran to her. "What is wrong dear?" As she held Karen in her embrace, consoling her, Karen couldn't speak as she kept crying. The letter slipped off her hand and Carolyne picked it up. It was a divorce letter from her husband. "So sorry." She whispered. Karen sobbed as she replied. "he had sent two within the last two months and I refused to reply or sign them, he won't stop sending them, what would I do if they get served to me?" She sobbed on.
     
     "He really means that much to you doesn't he?" Carolyne rubbed at her hair. "He is my husband. He means the world to me." Karen replied. "Honey you don't do what you did to someone who means the world to you?" Carolyne cut in. "you have to own your mistakes and talk to him."
     
     "I tried, he won't see me, I have called him alot, he isn't picking up.the idea that he might have moved on without me scares me alot." Karen sobbed. Carolyne shaking her head replied. "Then we would just have to pray he has a change of heart..."

                           °°°

   Opening his eyes to stare at the room, he was slightly confused as to where he was, the flickering lights above him was bright white and blinding. He squinted his eyes and tried to adjust to the light, staring around he could see himself in a bright room, followed by a large pain in his head, his memory started to flood back, he had gotten punched by his own son. Grandpa Floyd woke up in the hospital to Unwin and Bill Cox sitting side by side across him, he smiled at them, trying to sit up. "You need your rest Mr. Floyd." Cox tried to put grandpa Floyd to rest. "Don't worry boy, I little punch can't keep O'l Floyd down, besides one of the many things he didn't inherit from me was how to ball a fist, he punches like a lady." Grandpa Floyd still had humor in his condition, Cox laughed and Unwin managed a smile. "I am sorry granddad, I should have listened to you." Unwin had sad eyes. "It all right boy, every one in your shoes would be curious, besides I do not think it is in my place to hold you back from seeing your father, I was just trying to protect you." Grandpa Floyd smiled. "You where right to protect me, some minutes into our conversation and he was already stylishly pitching ways to extort me." Unwin mentioned. "We squabbled alot when you where young, me and your dad never got along, and he was bad influence to you, I tried so much to get you into custody but he never made it easy, not until he was caught with drugs that I could get hold of you." Grandpa Floyd added. "I knew he was never around when I was younger but I genuinely thought he changed." Unwin added. "Some people never change, and Cox thanks for calling me." Floyd added. Unwin turning to Cox was surprised, you called him?" He asked. Cox shrugged. "I wasn't too comfortable with the way your conversation with your Dad was going." Cox added. Unwin gave a grin. "Thanks"

"What is the doctor saying about getting me out of here?" Grandpa Floyd chipped in. "You might spend the night grandpa." Unwin replied. "Oh, alright, now that we have all that out of the way, I would prefer you went into your next game with a clearer mind, the season is running out, and your performance has been really terrible of late boy, you shouldn't let all this issue about your dad get to you, don't worry about me, i would be fine in here, you go to training and gave what you are good at, while I concentrate on getting better so I can do what I do best, cheer you kids on." Grandpa Floyd laughed off.
     
                           °°°

Asare had just finished a game. The game between Daventry and Glapwell was over, the crowd cheered on and sang Asare's name all round the stadium. The Glapwell players went into the tunnels with their heads down at their humbling defeat, the home fans of Glapwell left the stands in dissatisfaction at how the away team had trampled them at home. The fans cheered and sang their appreciation to their new signing, they had been slightly disappointed that he had been injured recently after finalising his deal with the club, but after his performance today, they all had a change of heart, the wait was worth it. Asare waved at the fans in appreciation as he headed for the locker room.

    "Nice game man, you where wonderful today." Ralph Cuenca, Daventry club captain said form behind Asare as he tapped him lightlyon his shoulder. "You know what? The whole team is celebrating the victory at my place today, you should there, the squad would love to party with you, we know you never turn your back on a good party." Cuenca smiled as he walked off. Asare was glued to his position, he was slightly frightened by recent developments but was also excited by the fact that the team invited him to their get-togethers, he was finally growing on them, they where starting to love him. he had scored a brace and was having the best time of his life. His headache's where completely gone and he had not felt any pain in hours, what had she given him? He didn't know what it was but he picked his phone and scrolled for her number, whatever it was he needed more...
CHAPTER 9


The team roared in excitement as they went into the tunnels, Retford where back into the locker room after a game that commemorated a special time of the season. "Ok boys today marked our 23rd game in the season with a 5 match unbeaten run. We have been through alot of draws along the way. But we stand clear at the top of the table as we head into the transfer window." Headcoach Kyle was enthusiastic about the the post game speech. "Now I don't want anyone getting scared or anything, no one is getting sold, the squad is doing too good to change anything right now. all though, adding a few more wouldn't hurt at all, thanks to lady luck we are going on the seasons break before we continue the second half of the season, alot of us where looking very tired out there already, if we go out Thier playing the same 11 players week in week out we might loose our top spot."

      The whole squad roared in confidence and clapped as there joy flooded the dressing room. "Now we go into the window but I don't want anyone losing focus or getting complacent, things could change, anything can happen. At the beginning of the year, everyone's season expectations was that we finally go on the relegation that we luckily survived last season, but we proved them wrong early in the season, they said we where too young and inexperienced, we showed them the power of youth, then everyone tagged us giant killers and we duly delivered, now we are seasons contenders for the trophy, and we are ready to bring on the fire!" The head coach shouted as the team responded in uniform screams to support there coaches claims. "Alright boys, hit the showers." Kyle said as he walked off to head out side the locker room. "Uh coach!" Omar Juari said following Kyle out of the locker room. "Yes, any problems Omar?" Kyle turned to him. "Coach, I was wondering when assistant coach Bradley Brooks would be back to training, he has been on and off all season, he was helping me transition from a defender to a defensive midfielder, he was going to help improve me and my chances in the first team." Omar said. Kyle gave a large sigh, he was out of excuses, Bradley had not showed up to matchday today, Kyle knew what Bradley was going through but missing the game again was taking it too far and things were getting out of hand. "When you are ready for first team action, you would definitely be included..." Kyle replied. "I know I am not ready yet, but the midfield was looking really lack luster today, we got away with a win today, we need more midfielders in the team to improve our chances." Omar cut in. "How about we put a pin on that for now, take a break with the team so we can come back fully energised. After the window, we would see that you get the attention you need in training." Kyle said walking off quickly to avoid any further questions he did not have an answer to.
     
                           °°°
    Bradley lay in bed in the hotel he was staying in, he had missed match day today but it shouldn't be a problem, Retford where high flying in the league, from their performance it felt like they didn't even need him in the team at all, he had not been outside in days, he couldn't afford to go home and stare at his wife, he wanted to see her badly but he couldn't still get over how much she hurt him. As he lay in his bed, his phone rang, startled, he jumped and reached for his phone. Staring at it, it was his wife, she had been calling him all day. He was really afraid to face his problems. He got a message from her phone which read. "I saw the divorce papers and I am not signing it. Please we can still work this out." Followed by a picture of a scan of the baby. Bradley had was lost in the picture, looking at what could be his child. After a while he heard a slight knock on the door, he wasn't ready to open the door yet, he didn't want to go out or see anyone. After a while of knocking the door was forced open as Kyle thumped in. 

"What the hell man? You missed training all through last week and you missed game day today? I have been covering for you all week with Sheridan but, the players are starting to notice! Omar Juari said something about a personal training you had with improving him for the first team, you know we need all the players we can get!" Kyle was furious. "Omar! I totally forgot, and I was just thinking the team was doing very fine without me." Bradley put a palm over his face. "I am Supposed to be celebrating after a victory, but here I am, you need to get your act together... And what is that smell?" Kyle said with his hands over his nose as Bradley got up from the bed in a lazy manner. "When last did you have a shower? And this place is disgusting!" Walking over the hoard of dirty clothes, Kyle tried to put on things in order but later giving up putting his hands on his waist and staring in discomfort. "My wife always did the cleaning."  Bradley said. " Without her... I don't even know what I'm doing."
 
     "Then let's go to her! Look buddy, from where I'm standing it looks like you love her alot. Now I feel you should suck it up and tell her how you feel. Maybe talking things through might help." Kyle said. "I've tried that man, it just made me alot more angry. I don't know why I just can't let it go." Bradley replied. "At least she is owning up to her actions." Kyle replied. "Most women blame the man for neglects, maybe she is really sorry man, everyone makes mistakes, its been 5months and now you should be with her, no woman deserves to pass through this alone." Kyle added. "Now suck it up, get dressed and lets go see her." Bradley ran a hand through his hair, looking very confused.
     
     "Okay I will." Bradley answered unsure if he was ready this time. "You have to take a shower and clean up first, your stench can break any marriage, we need all the good luck we can get." Kyle joked. Bradley managed a smile as he picked after his sloppy self. "Thanks for being there for me Kyle, even when you didn't have to." Bradley said. "Anytime, you don't know how important you are to the club, you make my job way easier, and I know you are having second thoughts about working, it's why you have been stalling and avoiding work, with is partly my fault..." Kyle shrugged. "Mostly your fault..." Bradley corrected. "Fine, I shouldn't have forced the contract on you, I even brought it out when we had the issue in training with your wife, is was very selfish of me. I understand now that it's not about just having you in the club, it's about caring for every one that works their, we are a family you know..." Kyle smiled. "We are." Bradley replied.

                           °°°

    A big game between Daventry and Ashford was one to watch. Ashford where host to the away side Daventry who where the visitors for this occasion. The stadium was filled to the brim, fans who couldn't make it in, watch for near by bars and pubs, two second division giants went toe to toe for a chance to improving Thier position in the league table. 

   The whole fans from the second division and below came for this spectacule. The Daventry headcoach had given a loud team talk and the whole team where ready to go out and play there hearts out, Asare staying back a bit opened his locker, took a container filled with the pills he got from the doctor, he was about to take it but then realized, it wasn't the reason for his recent rise in form, pushing it aside he reached for his back, opened it, and took out a pink pill he had in it and taken in. "You coming or what?" The Daventry headcoach said to Asare. "Right away boss!" He replied.
     
     Asare who had been on a steady good form even though he hadn't gone for his surgery marched out with his team high full on pills he gad been getting from his lady friend he met at the party.
     
    Ashford had rejected signing Asare earlier because they thought his lifestyle and irresponsible lifestyle was hazardous to there club standards, jogging out to the pitch he and the Ashford general manager exchanged stares as he sat in the stands a little closer to the pitch with the fellow Ashford staff members who where not part of the squad. The Ashford fans booed loudly at Asare to dampen his spirit in jealousy of a deal that was close but never went through. He was deaf to their cries. Walking to the center of the pitch his captain Cuenca whispered. "Don't let their chants get to you, focus and play your own game." With the drugs having a slight impact, he was deaf to his Captain's words too, he strutted past him without a glance, Cuenca seemed slightly suprised at the little attention he got from the player who was grovelling for his attention a few weeks ago.
    
    Asare stood waiting for the kickoff as the drug started to kicking in. He felt a light dizziness, he rubbed at his eyes a bit as the pitch spinned for a second before a burst of energy coarsed right through his body. "You okay man?" One of his Daventry teammate asked. Staring and cracking a devious smile at his teammate he replied. "You have no idea." 
    
    Kick of started and Asare was all over the pitch, running and making tackles, Daventry wasn't one to play on the attack, the liked to hold possess in the middle but Asare was single handedly putting enough Frontline pressure to distabilize the opponent. 5 minutes into the game and Asare made a steal and made a solo run from the midfield cutting through defenders like scissors on paper, he went straight for the keeper and dribbled right through him before lightly slipping the ball in. He had so much energy in him he couldn't stop running, he quickly went to pick the ball from the post like he had scored an equalizer to put his team back in the game as he ran and dropped the ball in the center line again to kick off play. 
    
    Being very agitative he jumped up and down and paced left to right in an attempt to get the game rolling again. The game kicked off again and Asare was firing on all cylinders, Asare was back at it again with the front line pressure, pacing around and being extremely physical this time around and aggressive, he was tugging at players shirts and pushing at players. A defender of Ashford was on the ball trying to play ot of the defense when Asare ran him to the ground, stole the ball and went for goal again. The fans went wild but the defender didn't appreciate the actions of Asare as he attacked the attacker. "What is your problem man?" The defender screamed at Asare as the two pushed at each other before the referee came to the rescue, handing the two of the yellow cards each and calling the goal null as he cancelled it due to actions leading to the goal, play would be continued with Ashford taking a freekick from the spot Asare had made contact with the defender.
 
     The freekick was taking and the ball was sent up field deep into Daventry's half. Asare who didn't want to to stand and watch ran straight for his defense as if he was the only player on the pitch. 

     Daventry where solid on there defense and Asare didn't make it back long before he got the ball back in the midfield. Thundering back to the Ashford box with full force. Ashford players tried to knock him off balance or close him down but he was impossible to keep up with, on getting within site of the first line of the box he took a shot that went flying straight to the top corner of the post. It was 2-0 Daventry where handing Ashford an ass whooping, Ashford had not lost to Daventry in their last 6 meetings and to loose in this fashion was unbelievable. "With Asare being in such good form, Daventry might be up for a quick promotion to the first division after a direct promotion to the second. We might do a double!" The Daventry head coach and his assistant chatted away. "I bet Ashford would be kicking themselves for not signing him when they had the chance."

      As the game kicked off again. It looked like Asare Anthony wasn't done. He still had gas to burn. As the game went on he has a few chances at goal that the keeper had kept out successfully. Ashford was trying there best to get back into the game as they attacked in an attempt to close down the 2-0 predicament they had gotten themselves into earlier in the game. The Daventry goal keeper had just made a save and took a long kick towards the midfield to get the game moving. Asare was there again going for an aerial duel for the ball which he won, the Ashford midfielder stood no chance as Asare leaped higher than he could ever dream of reaching. Successfully nodding the ball to a teammate Asare was on his feet again and had his hand in the air signalling he was open as he thundered for the opposition's goal post. A long ball was sent to Asare who fought off his marker and put a low header into the net to finish it up. It was 3-0!

     The Ashford general manager shifted uncomfortably in his chair as Daventry sunk another one in. Asare had done a harttrick on Ashford. He ran round the pitch in jubilation as the Ashford team stood confused, "we where always better than Daventry, we always had the better players, how is this happening?" The Ashford general manager asked his compatriot. "The question we should be asking you is, what was the reason you gave again for not signing up that veteran when you had the chance to?" Silence fell over the Ashford boards stand.

     As the first half drew to a close, Asare felt his drug wear off as his body began to fail him and he got tired with every step. Moving his body felt hard and impossible as he felt his body get heavier. The  whistle came to the rescue as the first half came to conclusion. Asare walked into the dressing room looking tired and exhausted. The Ashford general manager watched Asare walk into the dressing room. He muttered to himself. "Something isn't right, and I will get to the bottom of it." 

   The half time peptalk was over and Asare's world was spinning, all eyes was on him and everyone was praising him for his good performance, he was about to reach in for another pill in his bag when a teammate walked over, "beautiful first half man!" He said. Asare quickly shoving his pills back in his bags replied, " thanks." With the attention he was getting, it would be hard for him to pop another pill, the other one weared off pretty quick.

      It was time for the second half and Asare sluggishly walked out of the dressing room. "Hold on boy. We are saving you for another game. I and the boys would take it from here. With speed like that? We don't want you getting injured." The Daventry head coach tapped Asare on the shoulder. With relief Asare walked and sat on the bench as the substitution occured. As the second half flew by, he had he urge to go to sleep at how tired he was but the game soon came to an end and Ashford had not been able to drag even one consolations back. Daventry where a very solid defensive team. 

        Asare staggered off to the dressing room and the whole team where in high octane over there victory. Jumping up and down and celebrating a long yoke finally broken. Ashford's long unbeaten run against them was finally over. The celebration was cut short as the Daventry head coach was called to the side by one of the league bodies who wanted to have a chat, the general manager of Ashford stood right beside him.

      Asare looking and noticing what was going on outside asked a teammate. "What does that prick want?" Smiling his teammate replied." Probably wants to sign you at release clause value after missing out on all that good stuff." He and Asare laughed but Asare had a really worried stare to him.

          The Daventry head coach walked back into the dressing room looking pissed. "So guess what this deep shit comes into my locker room to tell me, they say there might be drugs usage in my team? Can you believe this fools? Anyway, Donovan, Velazquez, and Asare you are up for testing, they just want to test the best performers today. No bigdeal. A little pea on a cup and it would all be over." 

     Asare looked really worried this time, if he was caught, who knows what they would do to him? He could get suspended or go to jail or worse, loose his whole career. He seemed struck. "Come on Asare, we don't have all day." The coach was in a bit of a hurry. He got up and followed the three of them outside the door. On reaching there the league official and Ashford's manager stood there. He and Asare exchanged stares.

      "What is this all about? So you are the one causing all this stir up? So because I don't play for you all of a sudden I am not good enough for any other team? " Asare was about to loose his temper when the league official quickly cut in. "Mr. Asare, I need you to be professional about this. Now anyone who isn't getting tested would be advised to leave the room please." The Ashford general manager and Daventry head coach walked out and the league official handed the three players a cup. "Now the rules are simple. You pee before me so I can be sure the results aren't tainted. I would need to get your details labeled on the cup and your results would be out in a few days." The other two players took thier cups and got to filling them up as Asare stood completely still. "Mr. Asare?" The league official leered at him. "Oh I don't feel like peeing. Plus I'm a bit shy when it comes to doing my business around people." Asare answered nervously. 
      
      Bringing out a full bottle of water and a few other materials, the league official smiled. "Oh not to worry Mr. Asare, I am a professional, we have solutions to all your problems."

                           °°°

Karen lay on her sofa with her tummy protruding fully as Carolyne layne aided her at home, she had gotten a help to aid in the running of things at home and help with doctors appointments but Carolyne still came from time to time to help her do a little at home. She figured her own kids where grown now as Asher Layne was old enough to handle her kid sister all by herself self and since her husband being the chairman at Retford was always stuck with work she might as well put her free time to good use in helping her friend. Setting water on the table for Karen Brooks she heard the door knock. "Let me get that, you make sure you get all the rest you need." Carolyne smiled. Reaching for the door, she opened it, Bradley and Kyle Webb stood at the door. 

       "You have alot of nerves Bradley! Leaving this poor woman to fend for herself for months now!" Carolyne was furious. "Mrs. Layne, he is here now, please let us in, let's talk it all out." Kyle suggested as he got infront of Bradley who was quiet. Carolyne stared at them for a while before she heard Karen ask who it was. "Fine you can come in!" She said. Opening the door wider as they went in. 

     Karen nearly choked on her drink on seeing Bradley. She tried getting up but he won't let her. "Karen." Bradley awkwardly said. "Bradley." She spat out. "I am not signing those divorce papers. I am not ready to let go of you just yet."

     Carolyne looked towards Bradley and back at karen. "I am so sorry honey, I just need another chance. I was so afraid when I saw the divorce letter, I really don't want what we have to end, sometimes you have something really good all the time you tend to take it for granted." Karen continued. 
     "Karen... I don't know if I am ready to forgive you yet. Healing takes time. But I want to be here for my baby, that I am very sure of." Bradley cut in.
     "Oh ... Ok ... Its a start." Karen's face lit up. "That could work. As long as your moving back into your house."

      "I don't know, I was thinking I could pop in a few times to see how your doing. " Bradley responded, Karen went straight to a deplorable look. "Come on Brooks, just give the woman the benefit of the doubt." Carolyne lamented."I really don't think that is a good idea." Bradley said staring at Kyle who gave a shrug. He really didn't know what to do in delecate matters like this.  "What do you say you stick around and help your wife Bradley, she is still your wife till the divorce is final." Carolyne said. Bradley stared at Karen who had hopeful eyes. "Fine..." He rubbed his hair unsure if it was the right decision or not. His wife rushed to his embrace, smiling im a way she hadn't in months she replied. "You won't regret it." 

CHAPTER 10


Sheridan sat at the dining of his mansion, as he took some apples from a fruit basket on the table and nimbled on them. Carolyne Layne walking towards him in the dining table laid a kiss on his cheek. "You know, it a really good thing you got that headcoach of yours, ever since this season, there has been a big gleam in your expression, the club seems to be doing well and winning games and I think for the first time I have free time with my husband." She said sitting on his lap and laying a full kiss on his lips. "Happy club, happy husband, happy husband, happy wife." Sheridan muffled under the kiss. "And you know what happy wife means?" Carolyne whispered in his ear as she ran her fingers through his hairy chest.

      "You two need to get a room." Asher Layne burst out of nowhere as Carolyne and Sheridan quickly put themselves in order since there daughter was in the room. "Not to worry, I would just make myself coffee and be out of your way." She smiled as she turned on the coffee maker. "Don't you have a job to get to? I remember getting you a gig with Bates agency. Look at the time young lady?" Sheridan tried to ward his daughter off quickly. It wasn't working, she seemed to relax more on the counter and take a sip of her coffee. "Not much to do at work dad, with the transfer market coming along, you would think we would have a lot to do on our hands but, surprisingly we might be looking towards a boring transfer window for our clients, and I don't suppose your club would be making any transfers this period, you can barely keep the darn boat afloat." Asher mocked at her father.

   "You know as a man of experience I would let you know that there is really no use correcting something that doesn't need correction.  We are doing so well in the league, you don't spoil a squad dynamic like that? " Sheridan laughed off his daughter. "I bet if your club could actually raise some transfer revenue you wouldn't be saying that." She smiled at her father. "How did spending quality time with my husband and my family somehow roll back to talking about business and football, and to think I just got my husband back." Carolyne cut in. The three all laughed as Sheridan's little daughter came in, Carolyne picked her up and laid a kiss on her.
      
      "By the way honey, how is Brooks doing?" Carolyne cut in. "Who? Oh my assistant manager? Fine, going about his job well, you 
never care about things at the club, should I be worried?" Sheridan smirked. "Oh stop, am just worried about Karen, the other day I told you to talk to him for me." Carolyne got serious. "And I did... He said he had it all under control, he seems fine witg the way things are with him and his wife, and they is doing his job well, that works for me." Sheridan bit more at his apple. 
      
      "Come on, I know you could talk some sense into him." Carolyne added. "you know I don't get into things like that, I tend to not bother about personal issues in the club, I prefer every one brought there A-game to the team and leave there personal issues behind before coming to training." Sheridan replied.
      
      "So what did you guys say was up with that family again? I only read it in the news, but I'm pretty sure my parents would not mind giving there lovely daughter the juicy details." Asher sipped at her coffee some more. "Not happening, we are a family that respect people's privacy, they choose to be discreet about there endeavors and we choose to keep it that way and fully support them no matter what their decision is." Carolyne cut her off. Sheridan smilling added. "As long as it doesn't distort my results on the pitch of course." 


    Sheridan had recently been under alot of pressure as chairman as to why his club was not making any additions to there very few numbers, his new headcoach's had brought a miraculous change in form with new free agents that had took the squad to new heights but as at now, their first team squad had a little number of 14 and was raising alot of eyebrows, the league had a rule of a minimum of 20 players per team, Sheridan had figured out a work around and promoted a few youth players who where not ready for first team action to fill the gaps, they where obviously still made available for youth games but showed face for the first team and filled the rows, but his tweak was starting to show, those youth players where not getting subbed in because they where not ready, and Retford made the same 3 substitutions every game. 

The players showing up for everygame without rest was starting to take its toll and fatigue was setting in fast. He didn't want to bother Kyle because Kyle actually did good work, he saved his sinking club destined for doom. And he had no money to give Kyle to sign players. This was a terrible situation he was in. 

    Kyle was his miracle worker, maybe if he put a little more pressure on the young headcoach he might perform some miracles. Picking up his phone, he dialed for Kyle.

   On hearing pleasantries from the other end of the line from Kyle, he interrupted the headcoach. "Mr.Webb, leave the greetings, we are entering a new transfer period, do you have the signings for me? Sheridan asked questions he didn't want answers to. "Boss we do not have transfer revenues for new transfers." Kyle replied. "Look, we need to sign something, the fans are at my neck and  agent Ian Bates had been on my throat of late and I am getting sick of it. Make something happen Kyle."

    Kyle hung up the call and stood still, he wondered to himself, was he a fraud? To think of it, if he hadn't gotten hit by a car, he might not be here in the first place, it was like playing a video game with the right game cheat codes, he literally had an accident, got hit by a car and hallucinated about his signings, things where starting to catch up to him and he was clueless to the solution, the club would not let him have new staffs to provide an epiphany and what he had right now where good at improving the squad but not as good as finding new players.

Thinking to himself, what if he could replicate the exact scenario that led to the visions in the first place and get more players? Maybe if he hit his head he might see something. It was a silly idea, a very stupid one, but right now it was all he got, Kyle stared around him in am attempt to find something that might create enough impact to knock him out but on enough to hurt him. He stared at Bradley. "Hit me!" 

      "What?" Bradley seemed very confused. "Punch me right in the 
face mate." Kyle urged Bradley. "Ok I know you have been crazy sometimes but this right here is the top of it." Bradley scoffed. "Fine I would do it myself Kyle said as he ran for the wall and went straight into it. Bradley had not been fast enough to stop him. 
      
      Kyle had passed out for a while before he woke up all dizzy to a blurry figure of Bradley who  above him, handing him an icepack. "God Kyle, I have to much problems on my hand! You can't add insane headcoach to the list, what where you thinking?" 
      
      "If I told you, you won't believe me." Kyle said a his head pain intensified on pressure from the icepack. "Try me." Bradley fired back. "Bradley, and also Paula can't know about this, I don't want  her to worry. If she asks, I slipped and fell on trying to thread the wet floor the janitor mopped before it dried." Kyle grunted in pain. "Too late for that man." Bradley leered, Kyle turned towards his right and noticed Paula kneeling beside him with a look he hoped he never live to witness. "Do you even care about yourself? Running into a wall?" Paula was outraged. 
      
      "Fine, look I didn't want to tell anyone but the way I claimed to scout the powerful squad we have is not all it seems." Kyle stated and Bradley and Paula stared at themselves in confusion. "After my accident I was unconscious for a while and saw 7 of the players in a dream." Kyle continued. "Paula looked angrier and confused. "Wait, we did everything to get those players for you? You put our jobs on the line for a dream?" Paula vexed on. "It worked out didn't it? " Kyle shrugged. "what if it didn't? " Paula snapped back. 

Bradley held her back. "This is not what we need right now, please Paula, not now. This all doesn't still explain why you would hit your head on the wall?" Bradley asked Kyle. "I hit my head during the accident and I thought, if I could replicate the incident, maybe I could get the player visions again?” Kyle rubbed at his head. "How is that working out for you? ” Paula snapped. Bradley calmed her down. "That was reckless." Bradley cut in. "There are other ways to fix this, and we have to make sure no one finds about this, you could loose your job on counts of insanity."

                           °°°

      Asare paced nervously as he waited for his results to come out, he knew he was in trouble and this was probably the end for him, he paced around with his agent as he stood right outside the Daventry headcoach's office who spoke with the league officials. He hadn't been diligent with his finances, he lived a lavished life style, he had no savings, if he was kicked out right now, this would be the end for him, he had not gotten anymore drugs from his friend again because as much as he was trying to stay sane and avoid his headaches he also needed the old one to leave his blood stream to restore his career. 

    The Daventry head coach came out of his office, shook hands with the league officials and as he showed them the way out. He had a smile on his face which turned to a frown as he moved his gave to Asare. Walking past Asare he whispered. "We need to talk."

     Asare thought to himself, this was it. He had made alot of wrong decisions and would be paying the price nonetheless. He followed the coach behind him who took quick steps and he tried to keep up with him. The head coach went for the locker room where all the players sat in Anticipation of there teammates results. Walking in the headcoach called the team together and Asare could feel his heart beating out of his chest.
     


  The Daventry head coach started by making his announcement. "Due to recent allegations about us and about a drug problem that we where allegedly accused of, I would like to announce that we and the whole Daventry team have been cleared of all allegations and that this club is a drug free organization with hardworking athlete's. And trust me...this won't die down easily, I would be at the throats of the Ashford commitee for this faulse allegations." The whole players felt the relief run round the whole team.
       
       Asare was filled with relief as to passing the test but was quick to wonder. How did he pass the test? The Daventry head coach on leaving the locker room turned to Asare. "Mr. Asare, a word please? In my office."
       
       "Sure thing boss." Asare excitedly followed him out of the locker room, maybe what he had been taking was just special pain relief pills, He thought to himself. On entering the bosses office the head coach quickly went for his throat. "You fucking swine! You are bound for trouble every where you go aren't you? And you want to bring the club down the mud with you right? Now let me warn you, the club haf league official's on there payroll, thats the only reason we got a heads-up on time to fix the results, you are flowing with drugs you idiot!" 
       
       Asare realising how he has come out negative for the drug test realized he was in big trouble. "You are lucky this club is big on image and would not want news like this ruining what we built, I don't know where you got it from or who supplies it, or even why you take it, but it has to stop, if you are caught one more time, if I so much as smell an antibiotic on you. You are done! Now get the hell out of my office." Asare walked away as he rubbed at his neck. The headcoach paced around angrily before sitting on his desk. 

                           °°°

    It was a press conference ahead of Retford's next big game against Hexham. Kyle was ready to head for it, it was one that brought a lot of clamours due to Retford's surprising rise in form and there unexpected position in the league stands, from sitting at a relagation spot last season and slightly surviving it by a near shave to toping the league half way through the new season. Paula stood right in front of Kyle as she adjusted his tie. "You are all good to go baby, by the way, I never told you this but you pull off a suit pretty well. I don't get to see this often but its worth it when I do." Paula complemented him. "Thanks babe. I have also been known to have bad luck whenever o wear a suit to a press conference." He said. "Go get them. No pressure, you have gotten way better at this than the first time you got on stage, you where a wreck! And we can't let anyone know about your nervous break down earlier. I mean who bangs their head on the wall over a few transfer's.I am still angry at you for your silly stunt the other day, but we would discuss that later, as for now, we priorities the club first, good thing I've was snowing to get rid of that swelling, let's hope no one notices it." Paula rolled her eyes. "Thanks for the motivation, you're bad at it." Kyle gave a smug look. The both laughed and Kyle's smile quickly died out fast as he noticed Bradley show up for tge the press conference too. 

    "What are you doing here man? I told you I got this. You should be spending time with the lady, mending things up!" Kyle creased his eyebrows. "Oh you know, I thought I would help out, like old times." Bradley grinned. "By old times you mean last year? Are you avoiding being at home Bradley?" Paula cut in.

    "No? I just thought it would be nice to support my headcoach, is that a bad thing? Giving his recent hit to the head, it seems like he definitely needs it. Besides, you complained about me being unavailable to the team, and now you want me to not come to work and spend all the time at home...you need to make up your mind." Staring at the two of them he realized they weren't buying it. "Fine! I still love her but being at home with her after what happened is really awkward! I thought I just give her space and let things work itself out."
    
    "You know space is what got you in this mess right?" Paula raised an eyebrow. "No time for all that, its time, lets go!" Kyle said as he and Bradley walked out to the press conference room. They took a seat ahead of the questions to come. 

  It didn't take long before questions started rolling in.


"What would you attribute your recent change in performance to?"

"Umnn ... first I would like to say that I really appreciate the players for all their hard work, we won't be here without them and there effort, they are the ones who make results like this possible. Kyke responded. 



"What is your opinion on people saying you favour more foreign players as opposed to actually playing the local players?"

"I person have no favourable choice in terms of players, I don't see players, I only see talent's. Kyle replied.


"You have made the Retford arena a fortress of your own Mr. Webb, you hold a record for not being beaten at home this season, you are the only team in the 3rd division who still has that record this season?"
"The players feel more comfortable playing at home and they enjoy the support the fans bring, with the mental intimidation the fans bring at home towards the opponent, we go into every home game with what seems like a 1-0 lead already.

One of the journalist directed a question at Bradley.
  "Mr Brooks do you care to share your thoughts on rumors on if you parting ways with your wife are true?"
Bradley seemed dumbfounded to the question and didn't know the right answer to give to the question at the moment. "We would like to keep the questions concentrated on the club." Kyle replied on behalf of Bradley.


"You are a part of the club aren't you Mr. Brooks? There are also rumors on your reluctance to initially sign a contract at Retford for the assistant headcoach role. Care to clearify on that?"

"Umnn ... I was... " Bradley was still dumbfounded. "the finances weren't right at the moment, we needed to get everything in place before moving forward. Kyle to the rescue again. 


"With rumors of the clubs finances not being right you have been only able to sign free agents and with signing of J. E saunders said to be a coup, would there be more transfers?"

"It's too early to say." Kyle replied.

 "So there might not be any transfers then?" 

"You are putting words in my mouth" Kyle smiled. 

"This seems to prove the rumors might be true. Is the club in a financial turmoil Mr.Webb

"That would be all for now, it seems you do not want to ask about things that concerns the players, but you rather beat around rumors" Kyle walked away as Bradley followed him. 

    "That wasn't bad at all..." Paula had sarcasm written all over her face as they walked away from the press conference and towards her, heading away from the press room they kept walking. "Everytime it looks like we are getting better at this, those annoying journalist bring new ways to frustrate me." Kyle grunted under his breath. 

    "The chairman wanted us to keep the clubs finances under wraps. That wasn't under wraps!" Paula had a troubled stare on her face.

    Bradley holding Kyle back said. "Thanks for having my back." Kyle smiling said. "Don't sweat it, you have had my back countless times. Besides we have to have each other's backs in times like this?"

"Sorry to cut your bromance boys but the both of you better figure out who is having who's back when we meet the chairman, because he is not going to be too happy when he sees this." Paula frowned.
 CHAPTER 11


 
     Asare had just returned from another bad game and his head pain was way worse this time, he had tried taking his pills but they seemed ineffective at the time as it weared off too fast. His pain had gotten way worse and he didn't know what to do about it, he was reduced back to pain relief as he couldn't take whatever it was he took that brought out the best in him before. His hand shook as he took another pill and tried forcing more into him mouth, he had taking 5 already, 2 before the game and 3 just now, but his toture was persistent. As he turned from his locker looking very sweaty and stressed he sat on his locker bench rubbing his hands through his weaves as the pain ran through his spine. "What was that?" The Daventry head coach yelled at him. His voice hieghtened the headaches and Asare could feel his word turn upside down. The coach had gone on yelling for a while but things had gone blur as he could barely hear anything the headcoach was saying. His eyes got really dizzy and the room started to spin. Trying to stay awake and keep his eyes from closing he noticed his body give up from under him as he hit the ground. On collapsing the whole players and staff gathered around him to see if he was okay, the last thing he heard was "call an ambulance!"  before he completely passed out. 


                           °°°

    Bradley sat at home with Karen, he was a bit nervous about spending time with her. It had been a while since they had been together and they didn't have much to talk about, they awkwardly exchanged stares a few times before looking away. "Do you need anything?" Bradley asked. "No honey, I'm good." She nodded at him. There was silence for a while before Karen broke the ice. "I watched your press conference with Kyle."

      "Sorry but I couldn't say exactly where we are in the relationship right now." Bradley scratched his head. "No, its ok, those leeches, the press, they are just looking for a good story. By the way, the doctor said it might be a girl. What do you think we name her?   

    "I really don't think it's in my place to give her a name karen." Bradley showed resistance. "you call me by my name now, I guess I deserve that." Karen looked soggy. "I.. I.. don't know, I am not ready yet." Bradley was precarious. "I was thinking maybe we called it a night and just got some rest, witg your condition and all I think you need to lie down."

     "I am not sleepy." Karen said. "You know what I feel like doing?" She said as she slowly unzipped her top. Bradley couldn't help but look at his beautiful wife, a sight he had not seen in a while, he had almost forgotten how sexy she was, snapping out of it he quickly held her cloths together. "We shouldn't do this Karen." He cut short. "Still with the names huh? You know what? Its fine, no one would find me attractive in this state, looking like this, all fat and swollen." Karen pursed her lips."Its not that I don't find you attractive it just doesn't feel right." Bradley nearly chocked on his words. "doesn't feel right? Sleeping with your wife doesn't feel right?" Karen said as her heart grew heavy and her eyes watered. 

   "You changed that with what you did." Bradley avoided her gaze as he spoke. "How long are you going to let me pay for my mistakes? How many times do I have to say sorry? You know deep down I still love you and that what happened meant nothing, and you know what I feel for you is real, what we have is real, I know I took it for granted and let our frustration over not having a child get in the way, but we are about to have one now, and I promise to be better." Karen drew closer to him as she whispered in his ear. "And I know you still love me too."
       
    Bradley was frozen in his stance as he felt her hands rub around his inner thighs. He had forgotten how much of a tease she was and how much power she had over him in situations like this. 

    She planted a kiss on his lips as she slowly nimbled on them, Bradley was lost in the moment, he had almost forgotten how much he loved his wife and how much he wanted to build a family with her. He found himself kissing her back as they caressed each other through the night. 

                           °°°
 
     It was the final minutes of the transfer window and transactions flew from left to right as clubs tried to close deals as soon as possible before the window ran out. It was getting dark and surprisingly a very busy window for a third division league, the competition was getting heated up, the other teams had not expected the sudden rise of Retford, they where the Cinderella story of the league this season, and other teams where not happy with the new competition.

  There were little or no press around the Retford arena, and the once who lurked around began to leave. Kyle and Badalotti sat in Sheridan's office, Bradley was absent, they understood his case and where not pushing things. "You think they got the memo and decided to leave?" Sheridan smirked. "we don't need the transfers this season, besides we are doing jus fine. We are at the top of the league and we are halfway through the season."

   "I wouldn't say we don't need the depth sir, our squad trains less to save energy for congested fixtures and crashing out of the cup competition helped reduce excessive fixtures." Badalotti implied. "But I gotta admit, competiting in that cup competition would have generated much needed revenue." Sheridan rubbed at his chin. "The  fans are not too happy with the lack of transfers from a team with lack of players." Paula said as she elegantly walked in. "Banbury are looking to sign two new defenders, they have had the worst defensive record all season and are adamant to change that, Pembridge on the other hand have made moves for two loaned players from the first division looking for game time, Desborough have a new goalkeeper and Evesham's foreign striker from South Korea is all the rave, every one wants to know if he does well or fails in the league, on the other hand Daventry seemed to have a grave interest in the adding of Hexham's start player Danny Gaghan. We are the only ones not making any moves."

   "Gaghan, he sure showed us the last time we played them last season, and also managed to win us again this season, he is a second half, super sub wonder, a pacy winger with a terrible tenacity to match his speed. He would have been a good addition." Kyle rubbed at his chin. "Too bad we can't afford any of them. Loaning from the top tiers is also not an option, they would require us to pay a certain amount of the players salary wich we do not have at the moment, and the ones looking to give you while handling all the player wages want their players to become key players for our squad, we all know that can't happen, the quality in the squad right now can't go to waste on the bench, we just need quality players who don't mind playing second fiddle to young players." Sheridan tapped his feet. "So what you are saying in conclusion is that signing right now is impossible." Paula folded her arms. "We have been receiving tons of mails from the fans about how we have been quiet since the beginning of the window" Badalotti sighed. "We just need to keep them happy for the time being that all." Sheridan replied. "I would issue a press conference stating that the club is avoiding rushing into signings and that we rather take our time instead." Kyle gave a notion. "No one would buy that Mr.Webb." Badalotti objected. 
       
       "So what are we giving the press?" Sheridan wondered. "I was under the impression you had a hunch on our next move Mr. Layne, hence the meeting." Badalotti reverted. There was silence for a while as club chairman Sheridan stared at Badalotti for a while. "You know you get paid for you to bring solutions like this right?" Sheridan creased his brows. "Mr. Layne, it is hard to scout players when there is no actually hope of signing them." Kyle to the rescue for Badalotti. 
       
       "I am not asking for a signing I can't afford." Silence fell across the room. "At least not any more, let's be realistic, I am asking for a speech to the press that saves all our asses. The fans are getting hungry, whe used to be a club that rarely signed till we sold alot and bought 9 between the end of last season and this season. Now with the exciting performance from the new signings, the fans want to see more signings, because it's obvious we need depth but we can't afford to give them that." Sheridan pointed out to Kyle.

      A slight sound came from the office door. Someone had  knocked on it. Silence fell across the room as they all exchanged stares as to who it could be. "This is a closed meeting, who could that be?" Sheridan frowned. "Come in!" He said at the top of his voice before muffling under his breathe. "You better have something good or someone is loosing his or her job today."  Bradley peeked through the side before he walked right in clamours of press rushed outside the Retford arena again. Looking through his office window Sheridan seemed confused as at how the attention was back. "What did you do Mr.Brooks?" Sheridan looked confused. "You seem to have a happy step today happy step today? Anything you would like to discuss with us?" Kyle smiled.
       
   "Mr.Layne I know we might have issues with signings and getting players this season so I decided to get us off the hook for a while, you know, paint a little story that saves all our asses till the next window." Bradley had a smug expression. "And what might that be?" Sheridan seemed curious. "It took a while but I eventually realized there is little difference in a transfer market and show business. Its why we are going to ride speculations, we claim to be in talks with players who are still undisclosed and let the press create rumors of who our possible signings maybe, and let them down easy when the window closes saying there wasn't enough time to close the deal." Bradley added. Silence fell across the room again as they all tried to take in all he had just said. "So they love us for trying even though we do not make any actual signings, our intent in the market also covers our financial crises." Paula smirked. Turning to Sheridan and giving a slight nod with a "not bad" expression on her face. Sheridan already seemed to be nodding in agreement.

     "Your an evil genuis Bradley." Sheridan smiled. "Thank you sir, I already talked to the press sir." Bradley replied. "good, good, but next time not without my permission, Paula, start contacting random clubs for highly rated playywe can't afford, and try negotiatimg with demands that anger the opposite party, I have some pretend trips to make." Sheridan said walking out of his office. "Now lets sort out other businesses." 

    As Kyle, Paula and Bradley left the office Kyle spoke indistinctly with Bradley. "Thanks for saving our ass back there, the old man was about to roast us." Kyle gave a sigh of relief. "Your friendly neighborhood assistant manager" Bradley joked. 

    "You are not supposed to be at work today Bradley. You look unnecessarily giddy today, is there something we should know about?" Paula asked. "Dare I say things are right with the Mrs at home?" Kyle teased. "We are not there yet but yesterday was a bit of a break through for us." Bradley smiled. "By breakthrough you mean you got laid." Kyle mocked. "Let's just say, we would be alright..." Bradley laughed along. 


                           °°°

    Asare woke up in his hospital bed. Staring at the white ceilings and the bright white walls, he turned to his side following a distracting beeping sound that was making it extremely hard for him to think. Staring to his side he could see the heart rate monitor but this was no chest strap transmitter or a wrist receiver, it was a pulse oximeter, it didn't take long for him to denote he was in a hospital. "Not again!" He mumbled to himself. He somehow always found his way back here.

Getting the energy to lift himself was a massive chore, he raised his upper body the best he could but to no avail, he was very weak, raising just his head to look around him, he peeked outside the room,  he saw the Daventry coach outside the strange room having a conversation with what looked like a doctor. Staring around he got the confirmation he needed, he definitely was in a hospital. He had become a customer to the hospital alot of late, that was definitely something he needed to change in the future. Trying to remember how he got there, his whole day played back in front of him, he leaned back on the bed and closed his eyes, realising how bad he had messed up this time, he wasn't too sure their was much the Daventry coach could do to help him at this point.

It didn't take long before the wild pain in his head had returned again with full force, but it was different this time, it felt like his head had been sawed open, trying to reach his head with his hands he realized he was handcuffed on one hand, he was in massive shock looking around he could see a police guard standing right outside his hospital room, before his agent rushed to his side. His body language didn't seem very assuring, he had a grim face that was clouded with dissatisfaction and disappointment, with a large hint of stress. He whipped the sweat off his face but there was more, under his armpits and on his neck. "Hey man. Are you ok?" He asked. "What is happening? Why am I in cuffs?" Asare asked with intensity. 

"You have been arrested with a doping charge Mr. Asare. I gave you a few pain relief pills but I don't know where you got this special drugs from man. I always told you you would get yourself in trouble.  I told you not to keep things from me, now all of a sudden, I'm hearing funny talkes from the police about this nonsense you have been up to? I am not going to take the fall for you on this one, you are on your own this time, if test hadn't shown that you where on something else, I would have thought I got you into this mess on pain killers. I try to do the best I can for you and drive your career foward but you always find a way to take yourself 2 steps backwards everytime I take you a step forward. I have other clients but I still always dropped every thing for you. I don't know what made you do it, but we are looking at least 6 months in jail with parol. And the league might suspend you for a year." His agent replied. 


   Asare was in shock and couldn't move he was confused. He gripped his fist tightly on the forearm of his agent. "I can't go to jail man, do something, I know you can. Don't leave me out to dry." He had desperation in his eyes. "Look, I have tried my best, I have done all I can for you." His agent sighed.

    "Mr. Asare, that means I can't be your agent anymore. But I am still here for you as a friend."
CHAPTER 12



"The transfer window had just ended and the season continues in bright fashion, the word on everyone's mind is the lack of transfers from Retford. Every fan seemed to have their own opinion as to why the transfers at Retford didn't go through and why their last day of transfer targets where not achieved. Some blamed it on lack of competence of the managerial staffs in terms of transfer while most blamed it on leaving their negotiations too late in the window. What do you say about this being a former Retford player" sounds echoed from the commentary stand ahead of the big game between Retford and Hexham. "Well, u would say from my own opinion that for Retford, they took their transfers as a touch and go, they didn't seem to be certain on a particular target, their where alot of speculations on who their major signing was going to be even though it all ended in disappointment, but then again, we can't complain, the team is doing excellently well, they are in full form and they have come to the pitch today to make a statement." Gregg Hill replied from the commentary stand to his fellow commentator.

    The stadium was buzzing as the away fans cheered on for their beloved Retford, Hexham in their beautiful stripes of blue and black hosted the game today. 

The large amount of the seats where filled with blue and black shirt stripes of the intimidating Hexham fans while a small section clustered the fans of Retford who still made sure their voice was heard through all the chants from the Hexham fans. "Danny Gaghan who's deal fell through from going to Daventry seems in a mood to kill today, I don't think he would be too happy with his negations going south, it really looked like Daventry was a good move for him, he must have really wanted it, he would be gutted to not have gotten that one over the line before the transfer window shut. He might be channelling that anger straight to the pitch today on Retford, who knows how this one plays out. Danny has a straight face that would frighten any defender." Gregg said. 

Down on the pitch as Kyke walked out from the tunnels. Bradley had stopped to talk to the camera as Kyle walked past, he could hear Bradley build up on his planned spectacle about the club's attempt at signing that had fallen through and how they planned on getting it right in the next window this time. Kyle had a large grin on his face, he couldn't help but find it a little amusing. The players ran out in there white and black Retford had not won against Hexham in the last two occasions the club met and they planned on putting a stop to what was becoming the tradition. The fans cheered as the night sky covered the Hexham staduim, Retford had travelled a long way to be here and they where ready to make it count.

      The players warmed up ahead of kick off as they performed stretches on the pitch. The whole squad was in high tempo and team spirit was high. Kieran Harvey and Danny Gaghan approached the center of the pitch and exchanged hand shakes. Danny's eyes looked bloodshot with anger. His grip was firm on the handshake with his clenched his jaws. Kieran gave a slight nod which he ignored ahead of the coin toss.
       
      Kyle and Bradley walked into the sidelines from the tunnels as they discussed. "God I love this sports. It takes all the problems away." Bradley sighed with a smile. "I wouldn't call what you have a problem Bradley, you and the wife seem to be doing just fine. Maybe even better, the glow wouldn't leave your face." Kyle was smug. "We are working through things, and I think I am learning to forgive little by little, we even decided on a name for the baby, we are calling her Farrah, its arabic, it means happy, because she light up our home." Bradley wouldn't stop smiling. "So happy for you." Kyle smiled.

      "You know everyone thinks we are going to loose the top spot due to not making any signings in the league." Bradley coughed a laugh as he took his stand right beside Kyle as they stood in wait for the game to begin. "That is what we are here for friend. To show them something they have never seen before... 

EPILOGUE



   Tossing and turning, Unwin Jake was having troubles getting any sleep at all, he laid on his bed, staring at the ceiling, watching the ceiling fan roll slowly, he couldn't help but wonder if he had made the right decision about pushing his father away so quickly, maybe he could have thought it through a little bit more, trying his best to brush the thought away, he realised he couldn't. He knew his father was definitely not the best role model, but maybe he had judged him too quickly.

    Thought of grandpa Floyd warning him off his father dashed through his mind to block any ideas of him reconsidering his father, but then again, words of Bill Cox breezed through his mind about every one deserving a second chance, at least that's how he thought he heard him say it. Bill would definitely do anything to see his father again if he got the chance. He had the chance to bond with his own father, maybe change him, or at least make a slight difference in his ways. Why was he wasting this opportunity?

Thinking again he remembered his father swinging a big one at Grandpa Floyd, he was no Saint for sure, hoping for a change from someone that quick to anger might not be a very good idea. Why try to even see him when he had grandpa Floyd, besides that was all the father figure he needed in his life, grandpa Floyd made sure he filled the void of his missing father as much as possible, he made sure Unwin never felt bad about his father's absence all through his childhood. Going against someone who loved you and would do anything for you seemed ludacris, but then again, it wasn't his decision to make, he shouldn't have to tell Unwin if he could see his father or not, Unwin felt he was more than old enough to make those decisions, but he also knew his grandpa was just looking out for him.

Unwin layed back on his bed completely filled with confusion. He had no idea what the right decision was at the moment and not knowing what to do about things was making him very agitated, there was no way he was getting an atom of sleep with all this going through his mind. "If only I could just get a sign." Unwin mumbled to himself.

Tossing around again he got up and fluffed his pillow aggressively, forcing his eyes close and trying to make himself sleep, it didn't seem to be working out, he was still wide awake with no signs of drowsiness, he layed back on his bed and stared at the ceiling some more.

Unwin shut his eyes slowly as he slightly drifted to sleep, the sound from his head stand quickly snapped him back to reality, he was wide awake again. He had barely gotten any minute of sleep, just when he was starting to get a little shut eyes. He sighed, turning to his side, Unwin was awoken to his mobile phone ringing, he rubbed at his eyes and reached for it, staring at it, it was his father.
⤴ Back to top


•FOLLOW THE SEQUEL•
        
                                 
      Dream squad                Dream squad                Dream squad
   Scouting just got Easier             Life after retirement                Sink or swim
        $2.500                        $2.500                       $2.500
     Click to download📂         Click to download📂       Click to download 📂
        .  
     Dream squad                Dream squad                  Dream squad
   Journey of a veteran                Coming soon                      Coming soon
Launch date not set📁            Coming soon📁                Coming soon📁


Next...
Retford second choice goal keeper decides he deserves more of a chance than he is getting at the club and plans to win back his rightful position as first team goalkeeper again...


