GOLF JOKES AND STORIES



Funny Reflections on Golf

Edited by 
TEAM GOLFWELL


GOLF JOKES AND STORIES - FUNNY REFLECTIONS ON GOLF, Copyright 2021, TeamGolfwell as to the collective work only.  All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the author, except for brief quotations as would be used in a review.
All images are from Creative Commons.
The jokes are fictitious and any similarity to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 
Names, places, businesses, events have been changed for privacy.
Cover by King of Design. 


Contents

Job Interview.  	36
An Arnie and Jack Story.	56
Easy Golf Rules.  	97
Naked Lady Tees.  	107
Someone Ever Claim Your Ball is Theirs? 	107
Water Hole – Use a New Ball or Used Ball?	110
Golf Towels in the Bathroom. 	111
Line on a ball.	114
Change of mind. 	115
Girlfriend vs. the Drink Cart Girl.	153
Rules for picking a golf buddy.	154



Introduction
Team Golfwell created and administers “Golf Jokes and Stories,” a popular Facebook Group that has grown to over 110,000 members in a short time.
Some the selected material is edited for spelling, etc., and some has been left “as is” as we didn’t want to change them. 
The selected group members posts, comments, jokes, and stories are amazingly creative and enjoyable.  
Read on and you will see what we mean…


A Putter Dilemma. I own three putters and they are constantly fighting over me wanting to be my number one putter. I need advice.

These were a few of the replies,

Divorce them and be a putter “player.” There’s nothing wrong with that.

Keep them on opposite sides of the bag and use each one back and forth. Don’t allow any of them to answer the phone. 

Take them through a pro shop and show them all the beautiful putters letting them know they can be replaced and discuss that with them while practicing 7-foot putts. 

Give two putters away to less fortunate golfers and love the one you keep with the peace of mind knowing the other two putters are getting a chance to be used by those that could not afford one. 

Give them all equal time so they wouldn’t be jealous and rotate them accordingly.

Being loyal to only one putter is certainly very hard to do especially with all the beautiful putters out there.  Cherish the one you first loved while knowing no matter what you do the other two will be hurt. Being true to the putter you first loved will create more trust. 

A more practical member suggested he simply move to Utah.

Tiny Nuts. A female member of the group advised she has grown tired of how members sometimes bicker with each other and make fun of each other. She went on to criticize this immature behavior. “Some of the members are apparently still trying to prove they have balls.”  In her opinion, she viewed them as “members with tiny balls who enjoyed making fun of others.” She expressed her sympathy to those having “tiny balls - tinier than little mouse balls,” and they shouldn’t make fun of others to make themselves feel bigger.

Here are a few replies, 

You are doing the same thing and perhaps proving your own point.  

You have offended the guys with no balls or perhaps have their balls stuck in their wives’ purses. 

I happen to be a tiny-balled man. Tiny-balled men can and do stick up for themselves. This group is a public forum and people can express their views openly and I suggest the group may not be the right group for you. Not only I but perhaps others in the group, tend to be not that gentlemanly when we play golf. You might consider leaving the group and leave the group with some class. Have a nice day!”

Biggest Liar.  Two members were arguing at the bar as to who is the biggest liar in the club.
The first one lies, “I hit a hole in one today on the 650 yard par five - 7th, using only a four iron!”
The second responded, “I know, I saw you do it!”

The Guy Who Brings Only One Ball to the Tee.  Do you know this guy who brings one ball to the tee, and then goes back to the golf cart to get another ball? 
The members knew this person. It was the same guy who has also been known to ask you to throw him one of your balls, then never returns it. 
Replies,

Another member knew of a guy who had to go back to his bag so many times, he wound up scoring a 23 on a par 3 hole.

Another said that guy is related to the guy who on “cart path only” days walks out to his ball in the middle of the fairway, then returns to the cart to get his rangefinder to check the distance, then goes back again to get a club or two, etc., etc.

Most all agreed every golfer should always carry two balls, two tees, and the right club or clubs or risk not being invited anymore.

Another cautioned he doesn’t trust any golfer that carries two balls.

Another member suggested kicking this guy in the nuts.

Improving.  “I score anywhere between 47-52 for nine holes and manage to drink 6-7 beers on the course. Any tips on how to improve my beer consumption?”
Replies,
“You may have an elbow problem – your elbow doesn’t bend enough. May need a professional to look at it and give you some pointers.”

“Become the Beer Boy on the beverage cart.” 

“Try to get paired up with the slowest members at the club. This will increase your time between shots thus increasing beer time.”

“Put a bottle of 100 proof schnapps or bourbon in your bag. Do a shot at every tee box and drink the beer on each hole while you look for your ball.”

“You can consume more if you get professional off-course training.”

“One swig per swing. Also, drench a clean towel in beer, then chew on it while walking.”


Tiger Didn’t Have Mistresses.  We were surprised nobody had ever thought of this before. One insightful member viewed the alleged past Tiger  mistresses as not really “mistresses,” per se, but “provisionals.” 

Another suggested they were simply “Mulligans.” 

Another member thought Tiger acted just like he does with his golf driver. He explained that sometimes he really likes his driver, yet he still finds himself often heading to a pro shop to try new ones out, especially when a major manufacturer has come out with a new driver. He knows he’s not going to get rid of his driver or his clubs that he loves very much, but there are times when he just tries some new ones out.

Scams at the Store. A member cautioned all during these Covid times not to have their temperature taken at the stores. This, in fact, is a scam that erases your memory! He explained his wife told him to go to the store to buy an item, but instead of buying the item, the member swears his memory was erased when his temperature was taken, and instead of buying the item his wife wanted, he came home with two dozen Pro V1s!  
Another agreed that it must certainly be a scam! He explained his memory was also erased and he came home with a new driver!

One for the 19th. A lawyer calls a very good client to his office for an important meeting. When he arrives, the lawyer says to the wealthy art collector client, "I have some good news and some bad news."
The client grumbles, "I've had an awful day. Tell me the good news."
"Your wife invested $15,000 in two pictures today. She believes they are worth at least $5 million."
"Well done!" the tycoon says with a big smile. "Good news indeed! You've made my day. So, what's the bad news?"
"The two pictures are of you with your secretary."

Honest People.  Last year after my round, I stopped to get gas. My back pocket was torn, and my wallet must have fallen out and was gone. I went back to the course but no luck. 
A week after, I received a package from Milwaukee, Wisconsin. No name on it, only a return address. Not enough info to contact the sender before opening it and this happened at the time Anthrax in mail packages were all over the news.  So, I was reluctant to open it.
After a short time, my curiosity finally got the best of me. Lo and behold, my wallet! Everything was intact ($400+ and all the credit cards and gift cards).
I thanked my good Samaritan with a box of Pro V1x and a round when he is passing thru again, and we became friends on FB.
The moral: There are still good people in this world, especially golfers! FORE!!

Should I Buy Iron Covers? Clubs clinking away in a bag can be annoying to others. Being tired of hearing the clinking, a member asked the others if iron covers were useful. He was told,
They aren’t any good since you can hit the ball much farther when you don’t have the iron cover on the club. 

On the other hand, another member told him it is always good to wear protection to avoid STDs.

Mr. Braggart.  Okay, I will go ahead and post my stats.  I have played 6650 holes of golf.  I have 48 holes in one, 20 albatrosses, 1390 eagles, and 3534 birdies.  My longest drive is 492 yards.

Replies, 

Then you took your head out of the glue bag lol.

Then I wake up and have to go to work.

Keep at it and with a lot of practice, you’ll get there.

Do you play in North Korea? 

Video game stats.

And your nose has exceeded the 100-yard marker!

Putt-putt is not real golf.

I got the chance to play Augusta once...Augusta Hernandez, great golfer... beat him... with my nine iron after he took my money!

Ball Markers.   We were amazed at the wide variety of ball markers golfers used. One member was curious about the various types of ball markers golfers use (especially when you forgot your marker) and asked the others about it. We were surprised at the large response. Here are just a few,
A guy who had just gotten off a plane and rushed to the course to make the tee time used his two false front teeth.

A piece of cheese from a sandwich.

Deer droppings.

A dead Alligator that we found on the course.

A ski boot.

A Yeti mug.

A Big Mac.

A Viagra tablet and it was exceptionally good to use for harder putts. 

A fingernail.

Bottle of Blackberry Brandy.

A cigar.

A baby turtle (check the rules about making sure you play the ball from the correct position).

An invisible coin – supposedly that works great.

A goose turd.

A dead beetle.

A booger.

My wife.

A marble on downflow putts and that was supposed to work very well. 

I use my dog’s name tag in tournaments.

A cork from a bottle of 18-year-old single malt scotch.

A switchblade knife.

A player went into the pro shop to buy a ball marker and was told they cost $1 each. So, he gave him $1. They gave him a dime. 

A fake eyeball. 

A shoe.

An extra small condom - created a big laugh. 

A partially-eaten bacon roll.

A dime. But when the player went to replace his ball he couldn’t find it until the golfer who the starter put with them asked, "Oh, was that your dime?"

Golf and Sex. The more I drink the more strokes I take.

Unexpected. Two guys were out playing golf. They missed lunch and there was no snack bar or cart girl. They were starving when suddenly they saw a bacon tree. They couldn’t believe it they ran over to get a piece and suddenly they were beat up. Turns out it was a ham bush!
Replies,
Burger off!

They were like the carpenter who lost his tool. He was a saw looser.

Animals on the Course.  Tell me about animals you’ve come across on the course.
Replies (these are just a few),
A snapping turtle in the middle of the fairway, nowhere near any water.

A snake crossing the tee while I am teeing up.

Made a shot over a pond that fell short and hit a duck on top of its head and bounced onto the fairway. Duck was okay.

Playing in Florida. The raccoons will steal your food right out of the cart while you are hitting your shot.
 
Once while teeing off there was an adjacent pond. The turtles crawled out of the pond towards us begging for food. I’d never seen that before!

Playing Doral Blue Monster one year, I grabbed a sandwich to go. On the second hole, I was getting ready to drive and a raccoon came out of a nearby tree and grabbed my sandwich from my cart and ran back up the tree to eat it!

Africa. An Egyptian goose having a square go with a springbok.

Reply - How did you know it was Egyptian?

Answer - His name was Ramses. 

Costa Rica. A monkey took a ball off the green and ran away with it.

While playing in our county’s annual senior golf tournament 2 weeks ago after a 2-hour rain delay, the other two-some we were with got attacked by this gaggle of gobblers on the first hole! Heard a racket behind me, turned, and saw rakes and clubs swinging. Most likely pissed off over Thanksgiving.

Snake in the cup. Still check now to this day...

You name ‘em. My course is 10 miles from the nearest house, we got gators, deer, bears, possums, foxes. I carry a gun. Oh, snakes too - big ones, and ducks. Fish - bass, brim, crappie yeah, I’ll toss a lure - got telescopic fishing pole in my golf bag.

Fox stole my ball and headed into the woods. I guess later in the year one of the groundskeepers found the hidden stash, so I wasn't the only one.

My buddy’s angry wife!

My pal used to shit in the 9th hole after hours, does that count?

On a course in Malaysia. I played with my financial director who has never hit one good stroke in his life. By a miracle, he hit the perfect drive and smiled like the sun. Suddenly a monkey came running out, snapped up his ball. In desperation, he looked at me and asked, “What now?” Local rules said IF A MONKEY TAKES YOUR BALL, YOU NEED TO HIT AGAIN. He was the most miserable man I ever saw. Two holes later, he hit the fairway again. This time a lizard came and snapped up his ball! Oh man - same rules. I really felt for this guy. Have pics too of the monkey and the lizard.

Well... how about an elephant, warthog, various species of buck and a crocodile at a course in Zimbabwe.

Also, in Kenya, I asked my caddie if he ever saw snakes on the course. His response was, “Yes, that’s why I always carry a club in my hand when I look for your ball. Mostly cobras.”

Tarantula in the cup.

Do beverage girls count?

Ball Search.  Woman: Men cannot find the catsup in the fridge, but they can find a little white ball in the woods 300 yards away.
Man: We find what’s important.

Ladies, What Would You Do?  What would you do if you should visit your man unexpected and meet another woman cooking in his house?
Replies,
Threesome.

Hook up with her. You know she goes down better than the old man.

7 iron should do the trick.

Ask for a burger, medium rare.

I would be rolling on the floor laughing! LOLZ! Like seriously, LOLZ!

Ingenuity.  A little old lady was walking down the street dragging two large plastic garbage bags behind her. One of the bags was ripped and every once in a while a $20 bill fell out onto the sidewalk.
Noticing this, a policeman stopped her, and said, "Ma'am, there are $20 bills falling out of that bag."
"Oh, really? Darn it!" said the little old lady. "I'd better go back and see if I can find them. Thanks for telling me, Officer."
"Well, now, not so fast," said the cop. "Where did you get all that money? You didn't steal it, did you?"
"Oh, no, no," said the old lady. "You see, my back yard is right next to a golf course. A lot of golfers come and urinate through a knot hole in my fence, right into my flower garden. It used to really tick me off. Kills the flowers, you know. Then I thought, 'why not make the best of it?’” 
“So, now, I stand behind the fence by the knot hole, real quiet, with my hedge clippers. Every time some guy sticks his thing through my fence, I surprise him, grab hold of it and say, 'O.K., buddy! Give me $20 or off it comes!’”
"Well, that seems only fair," said the cop, laughing. Okay. Good luck! Oh, by the way, what's in the other bag?"
"Not everybody pays."

What was your worst hole ever?  A member asked the others what was the worst they ever did playing a golf hole. 
Replies, 
I hit into a bunker at 10:30 am and didn’t get out of the bunker until 3:30 pm.

Another took a score of 10 on a par 4. Right before he teed off on the hole, he boasted, “I haven’t ever quadruple-bogeyed this hole. Then he hit it out of bounds, and it got worse from there.  He finally finished with a 10, and was told, “You still haven’t quad-bogeyed it yet!” 

Minimum Wage. A man owned a small ranch in rural Wyoming. The government got a tip that he was not paying proper wages to his help and sent an investigator out to interview him.
“I need a list of your employees and how much you pay them,” demanded the investigator.
"Well," replied the rancher, "there's my ranch hand who's been with me for 3 years. I pay him $1200 a week plus free room and board."
"The cook has been here for 18 months, and I pay her $1000 per week plus free room and board."
"Then there's the half-wit. He works about 18 hours every day, with no days off, and does about 90% of all the work around here. He makes about $10 per week and pays his own room and board.  But I buy him a bottle of bourbon every Saturday night, and he also sleeps with my wife occasionally."
"That's the guy I want to talk to... the half-wit," says the investigator.
"You're talking to him," replied the rancher.

Temporary. No one owns a golf ball, you're just a temporary custodian of a flighty free spirit.

Beer giving.  It was asked if anyone had seen players leave a beer for others on the course.
There were numerous replies for not only beers but also, 
Shots of bourbon.

Empty beer cans.

A bottle of Crown.

Cigars.

A flaming paper bag.

Whiskey shots when it’s cold.

One said he hasn’t ever seen “beer giving” at all then pondered whether he had any friends.
 
Finally, one said his large golf group has a prank where each foursome leaves marshmallows on the 18th green after they finish playing it. That makes the green look like there are 20+ golf balls on the green. After finishing, they gather around the 18th giving the players grief as they come in. They all clean it up after the last group.

The Strangest Places. So, about 1987 or so I was fishing along the shore of Lake Marie in the mountains in California, at about 9,000 feet elevation. My lure got hung up. I could see it but couldn’t reach it. Then I remembered that I had my clubs with me, including a ball retriever. I went back to the car, got the retriever, and was able to use it to get the lure back. 
So, as I continue to fish I spot a golf ball sitting in rocks about eight feet from shore. I was able to get the ball but wondered what the odds were that there would be a golf ball in a lake in the Sierras at 9,000 feet and that someone would come by that just happened to have a retriever with him. The nearest course is several hundred feet lower and several miles away. 
A little later, I stopped at the Campground Store. When I told the clerk the story he ruined it for me by telling me that the employees sometimes hit balls off the deck when they are bored.

Your best recovery. A question was asked what their best recovery was. The member who asked this mentioned his best recovery was holing out from 145 yards out for a birdie when a bogey was the best he could have hoped for on a very difficult hole and pin placement.
The replies were,
One guy made it to the toilet on the 15th hole just before shitting himself and has done that three times now. 
 
Another said he played a short par 4 and drove the green and the ball came to rest only 5 feet from the pin. Then three-putted and wondered if that could count as a save? 

Another fell out the golf cart with a beer in his hand but didn’t spill a drop.

One said he played a long par 5 and dubbed his drive dribbling it off the toe far enough to reach the next fairway. Then he hit driver again to the correct fairway and hit a third driver off the deck into a steep bunker, but the ball was going so fast it came out of the trap (which it hardly ever does) and came to rest 4 feet from the pin.
 
Another “chipped in” from 179 yards to save a 9. 

One said he finished a round with the same ball, and he’d hadn’t ever done that before.

Finally, one said he left his beer on top of the cart and sped off but managed to grab the beer in mid-air before it hit the ground only spilling a small bit. That reply received the most likes.

Nicknames. A question was asked about nicknames. The member asking said his friends used to call him “Tiger in the Woods” since he was usually there looking for his ball, but the nickname evolved to “Ball Hawk” after he repeatedly comes out with found balls.
Many responded.
One said he was used to being called Tiger’s distant cousin – “Ply Woods.”

“PARanoid” since he repeatedly pars several holes in succession. 

“Squirrel” since he was always in the trees. 

“Fire Dick” since he swings so hard like his dick was in flames and it’s a play on his surname.

“Johnny Bench” since he pitches out a lot. 

Finally, one member told a story about a guy who is of short stature – barely five feet tall and a chain smoker with a bad cough who is called “Compost” since that is technically a short layer of decaying organic matter often found under trees.

One of for the 19th.   A balding, white-haired man from a resort town in Florida walked into a jewelry store with a beautiful much younger gal at his side. He told the jeweler he was looking for a special ring for his girlfriend. The jeweler looked through his stock and brought out a $5,000 ring.
The man said, “No, I’d like to see something a little more special.”
The jeweler went to his special stock and brought out another ring, “Here’s a stunning ring at only $40,000,” the jeweler said. The lady’s eyes sparkled and her whole body trembled with excitement.
The old man seeing this said, “We’ll take it.”
The jeweler asked how payment would be made and the man said, “By check. I know you need to make sure my check is good, so I’ll write it now and you can call the bank Monday to verify the funds and I’ll pick the ring up Monday afternoon.”
On Monday morning, the jeweler angrily phoned the old man and said, “There’s no money in that account!”
“I know,” said the old man, “But let me tell you about MY GREAT WEEKEND!”

Enlightenment. A question was asked to low handicappers. What got you shooting better from the 90s to the 80s to the 70s? The “Ahahh moment?”  Or did you just have to play a ton? 
Replies,
Dave Pelz’s Short Game Bible.

Dr. Bob Rotella’s books on the mental.

•	Practice, practice, practice.

•	Playing as much as possible.

•	Getting in tournaments.

•	Drinking on the course.

Golf Theme Songs.  An inquisitive member asked others what song their golf game resembled advising his was “Stand and Deliver,” by Adam & The Ants.
Responses were,
Have you heard about the “Lonesome Loser?” 

“Wasted Years” by Iron Maiden. 

“I Started A Joke” by the Bee Gees.

Sinatra’s “LET ME TRY AGAIN.” 

The Wager. In the mid-1980s, a friend of mine, a single handicapper (4), split up from his wife. To get away from it all he went to Spain to play some golf. A sympathetic friend, who was a club professional, gave him his pro card and told him if he produced it at any course he could play for free. 
In Spain, he turned up at a course and asked if he could play.  The girl taking his booking said he could, so he produced his friend’s pro card. The girl then told him that four locals always play at this time every day but one of them was unable to make it that day so if he wished, he could join them and make up a four-ball. He agreed and was introduced to his playing partners. 
As they made their way to the first tee, they said that they usually played with a wee bet. My friend agreed and they said it is usually 50/50 and 50 for the match. 
“That's fine,” my friend said. 
They got to the first tee and they all took their drivers out. One of the guys then told my friend that as he was a golf pro, they would not want him to lower his standards playing off their tee boxes so he should play off the pro tees pointing to where his tee box was, about 60 yards further back. 
You can imagine the disadvantage he had at every hole. It turned out however, he had a good round and he and his partner won the match. They retired to the 19th hole and one of the guys approached him and set a wad of notes in front of him. 
My friend told him that this round was on him, but the guy told him that was his winnings, 150 pesetas.  He had thought it was 50 pence, 50 pence, and 50 pence for the match. He told me if he had known it was 50 pesetas (which was worth much more in the ‘80s than it is today) he would have gone to pieces. Proves you should always be honest in golf.

Strange Golf Gimmicks.  One member was curious about golf gimmicks and asked the others what they had seen in gimmicks to help you play better.
One said, he had a friend who wore a golf hat that had a flap opening on the front with a small fan inside that turned as he walked. It was supposed to keep his head cool, but the laughs were hard to stop.

Another came across a “Golfer’s Crotch Hook” advertised to help you learn to certainly keep your head down. He has not tried it out but heard it works very well!

Another member is still looking around the shops for an electronic putter like Rodney Dangerfield’s in Caddyshack. 

Getting Stronger Over the Years?  A question was asked about exercising and keeping in shape. A member claimed when he was 20 years old, his manhood was as hard as an “iron bar.” Now being 65, he finds he can bend it. He wondered if he was getting stronger…
Another member replied and told him he could bend an iron bar over his manhood when he was young. But now, being much older, he can’t do it since his wrists aren’t strong enough.

New Golf Bag Found!  Shortly after Valentine’s Day, a member announced he was unbelievably lucky when he found a brand new leather professional golf bag by a major manufacturer inside a trash bin in the alley. It even had the huge price sticker still on it. 
Another member wanted to know where that was as he was going to search for any other classy bags that still might be there. 
Another thought that was very interesting especially in the trash near Valentine’s Day and wondered about the untold story.
Another member wondered who got the golf clubs? 
Finally, a member asked if he could get his golf bag back. He explained his wife thought he told her he was “Through with golf,” but he claims he actually said, “This dinner tasted like shit.”

The Advice Guy.  Do you know the guy who just broke 100 and all at once starts giving everyone advice? 
It was quickly pointed out by rule-minded members that’s a 2 stroke penalty. 
Another mentioned he’d be happy to give his expert advice, even if you don’t want it. 
Another fessed up and admitted that was him and sincerely apologized.

Help! I Have the Yips!  A member claimed he had just gotten the putting yips that started two weeks ago. He is going crazy and asked for advice.
Replies,  
The first answer was to the effect that he likewise had the yips 12 years ago and explained, “Unfortunately, they don’t go away.” He advised the yips can be tolerated if you “Change your grip and drink on the course!”

Another answered, “Shut your eyes.” 

Another asked, “How are you managing to play in lockdown?”
 
Another said, “Take two weeks off...then quit.”
 
Finally, a member advised him to consider, “Does your life depend on whether you make the putt? No? Then just hit the ball.”

Breaking 80. I remember the day I first broke 80. I went into the clubhouse, bought drinks for everyone, and danced like an idiot. I was so excited, I forgot to play the back nine.

Need Golf Pants!  A member asked, “I’ve yet to find golf pants for a 5’7” man. Inseam 27. Any suggestions?”
The short answer was to, “Get off your knees.”

Another said, “Ask Ian Woosnam where he gets his.” 

Another said, “Wear very long shorts.”
 
Finally, a very sympathetic and positive-thinking member shared this,  “Alterations is the answer. I’m 5’8” and have the same problem. Finding jeans sucks too. But hey, we have no problem with leg space on airplanes.”

Job Interview.  
Interviewer: What’s the reason for this 4-year gap in your resume?
Applicant: That’s when I went to Yale.
Interviewer: That’s impressive! You are hired!
Applicant: Thank you. I really needed this yob.

Worst Score. It was asked, “What is your worst score on a par 4 or par 5 hole?” 
Replies,
“My worst was 21. I was on a par 5. It was my nemesis hole, but I was playing with a drunk gentleman on same hole in a charity day tournament and he had a 48 losing about 25 balls in the creek.”

“I don't have enough fingers or toes to count that high.”

“A 17 on a par four while being in the lead of my home course’s biggest tournament. Can you say CHOKE! Three in the water! Three OB! Missed the green left. Chip to three feet. Miss the pressure packed putt for the 16. Tap in for seventeen. No more tournament pressure. Played lights out the next 14 holes…but was out of the money.” 

“I was playing a long par five, I attempted to cut a corner over a bend in a river that bordered the right side of the fairway. It would’ve required at least a carry of around 250 yards. I sliced it into the river.”

He continued his saga by telling all he teed up another ball and hit a horrible shot into some tall grass and it took 3 more strokes just to get it into the fairway. Then it got worse and eventually scored a 15. 

To make matters worse, just for fun he had hit another ball before he left the tee trying to clear the river. “I hit a monstrous drive that put me in the middle of the fairway about 240 yards out from the green. The approach required you to hit over the river again, as it fronted the green.” 

He knew under the rules he had to keep playing the ball that was in play. “I dumped my ball that was in play into the river two more times. Finally getting on the green in 12,  then I three-putted for a 15.”

Going back to the ball he hit just for fun, “Again, I had hit that tee ball for fun and it came to rest 240 yards to the green. I put the next shot on the green and 2 putted it for a bird. But I turned in the 15.”

Guess My Age. George, who had done very well for himself financially, is 79-years-old and a member at an exclusive golf club and walked into the clubhouse restaurant one evening with a gorgeous 22-year-old and absolutely striking blonde on his arm. They walked through the restaurant turning everyone’s head along the way and sat down at a table amongst friends and the conversation was going well. 
The amazing blonde excused herself to the restroom and got up and left the table. 
“George! How the hell did you find a woman like that? Did you tell her you were 59?” his friend asked.
“God, no,” George replied. “I told her I was 99.”

Very Long Putts.  A member wondered about fun things to say when your friend has a long putt that’s extremely far away from the hole and you are inside him? Like the often said, “You’re on the dance floor but you can’t hear the music?”
These are just a few of the many responses. 
One member said, being close to the pin on the green doesn’t matter as it all depends on how many shots you took to be inside him on the green. 
Another member cautioned that reply, “Be careful talking about how many tries it took to get inside him. They might not invite you next time.”
Other suggestions, 
You’re gonna need a full hip turn for that putt.

You're dancin’. She's ugly.... but you're dancin’.

You want the mileage, a compass bearing, or both?

You're on the dance floor but in a different time zone.

My last holiday wasn't that far from home!

You’re dancing but not romancing.

Going for longest putt, are you?

Whatever you do, DON’T 3-putt!

You’re putting from another zip code from there.

Want to borrow my rangefinder?

Another foolishly told his opponent if he dropped the 40-footer he would buy his drinks all summer and yes, he made it and it was expensive!

You’re on the dance floor but looks like you’re at a different party.

If your opponent putts it close, tell him “That was definitely the right club.”

Payne Stewart.  In 1998, I attended the only PGA tour event I've ever been to, The Tour Championship at East Lake.
It was an incredible time. Saturday was Halloween, and Tiger pulled a wig out of his bag and strolled up 18 in costume, and everyone loved it. But Sunday was the story.
We followed Tiger for a bit, but the gallery was insane. So, we followed Fred Couples around for most of his round, before settling into a spot at 18 to watch everyone finish.
As we sat there, I saw the most amazing thing. Payne Stewart finished up, shook hands with everyone, and as everyone departed the green, he went over to a disabled child in a wheelchair. He took off his hat and put it on the child's head, handed her his glove, and signed his ball. He then knelt and took pictures. He shook hands with the parents, I presume, and while it was a moment, I think it was an incredible display of humanity and kindness.
No one else stopped, and he didn't have to, either. Yet, he did. And he immediately became one of my favorite golfers. I was so happy to see him win the U.S. Open in '99, and so sad when he tragically perished just under one year after his touching display at East Lake.
I just thought this all-but-forgotten moment was worth sharing, all these years later.

The Potato Family was having dinner at the dinner table and the youngest daughter said, “I'm getting married.”
“Well, who are you marrying? asked Dad. 
“Idaho Potato.”
“Oh, that’s fine. He's a fine young potato from a very fine potato family!”
Then the oldest daughter said, “I'm getting married too!
“Well, who are you marrying?”
“I’m marrying Nick Faldo!” 
Dad and mom potato were shocked. “You can’t marry Nick Faldo!” dad said. “Why he’s just a common-tator.” 

More Scams Online. One member warned all the others there was an earring scam online and to be careful. “I ordered a pair of earrings for my wife, but they sent me a Callaway Epic 3-wood. The seller said no returns...”
Another mentioned he heard of that scam and heard they (unbelievably) send you the correct shaft flex. 
Another reported that was very weird since his wife told him she ordered a new 3-wood for him, but the scammers sent earrings instead. No returns.
Finally, a member asked if there was a chance they would agree to take the 3-wood back and to ask them if you could send your wife instead and keep the 3-wood.

Golf with the Wife.  Golf is an expensive sport. I’ve just put a deposit down on a $600k house to entertain my wife for a couple of years so I can sneak a few rounds every month. I’m not sure what to do after that. So far I have resisted getting her to play. Can couples survive golf?
Replies,
Make sure you start playing with a great divorce attorney.

Hubby taught me (before we were married) and we still got married and are still married. It's been 30 years. Makes picking a vacation so much easier because we never go anywhere where we can't play golf. I am now a 12 handicap and he is a 14 so we have a blast together.

My wife chases me out of the house with a stick, she wants me gone golfing 3 or 4 times a week. At my club, they call it Senior’s Daycare.

To all you folks who think you can’t be married or together AND golf, too bad you think that way... What I wouldn’t give to golf just one more game with my husband of 49 years... We golfed over 30 years together. He golfed with some buds, I golfed with some gal pals, but mostly together... Of course, we had a few issues... who doesn’t? But given the choice, together we played. Such a gentleman... such a good sport, such a good golfer...what wouldn’t I give for just one more game...? Oh, and by the way, it was Jack’s idea to teach me how to golf.

5 points of advice from a golf caddie of 25 years who worked at private clubs mostly, where on Sundays, women play with their husbands and Saturday afternoons.

#1 - Let her play her own game, don’t try to correct her unless she asks you.

#2 - If you aren’t at least a single-digit player, keep your mouth shut. Just because she’s married to you doesn’t mean she respects your advice - especially if you’re barely breaking 90.

#3 - Enjoy your time out there together, no business, no personal bullshit which could cause an argument, leave it in the car, enjoy simply walking and talking and playing - you’re sharing a common interest/hobby, don’t turn it into a place to argue and debate things, it’s still golf.

#4 - Whether she’s beating you or losing, support her verbally like you would your regular foursome, but even a little more - you’re sharing a common interest with the woman you married - your best friend - so treat her that way better than you would anyone else.

Finally, #5 - NEVER TELL A WOMAN WHAT TO DO - ask her to do something. She’ll probably listen to you a lot easier.

In a relationship, even though I never married, I learned from all walks of life this simple fact about women - LISTEN UP GUYS - WHEN A WOMAN RESPECTS HER MAN, SUBMISSION COMES NATURALLY.
She’s your best friend - treat her that way and you’ll enjoy golf and life!


One For the 19th. You Gotta Be Shittin’ Me.  Have you ever wondered who first uttered the phrase, "You Gotta Be Shittin’ Me?"
Well, it just so happens to have originated through the Father of our country, way back when George Washington was crossing the Delaware River with his troops.
There were 33 (remember this number) in Washington's boat. It was extremely dark and storming furiously and the water was tossing them about.
Finally, Washington grabbed Corporal Peters (remember this name) and stationed him at the front of the boat with a lantern. He ordered him to keep swinging it, so they could see where they were heading.
Corporal Peters through driving rain and cold, continued swinging the lantern back and forth, back and forth. Then a big gust of wind and a wave hit and threw Corporal Peters and his lantern into the Delaware. 
Washington and his troops searched for nearly an hour trying to find Corporal Peters, but to no avail. All of them felt terrible, for the corporal had been one of their favorites.
Sometime later, Washington and his troops landed on the other side, wet and totally exhausted. He rallied the troops and told them that they must go on.
Another hour later, one of his men said, “General, I see lights ahead.” They trudged toward the lights and came upon a huge house.
What they didn't know was that this was a house of ill repute, hidden in the forest to serve all who came.
General Washington pounded on the door, his men crowding around him.
The door swung open, and much to his surprise stood a beautiful woman.
A huge smile came across her face, to see so many men standing there.
Washington was the first to speak, “Madam, I am General George Washington, and these are my men. We are tired, wet, exhausted, and desperately need warmth and comfort.”
Again, the Madam looked at all the men standing there, and with a broad smile on her face, said, “Well, General, you have come to the right place. We can surely give you warmth and comfort. How many men do you have?”
Washington replied, “Well, Madam, there are 32 of us without Peters.”
The Madam replies, “You gotta be shittin’ me.”

Does It Help to Talk to Your Ball?  Some golfers believe that works very well. There was much discussion about the benefits of talking to your golf ball after you hit it.
Replies, 
My ball does its own thing and I just follow it wherever it goes.

The ball looks cute with all those dimples, but I couldn’t find any ball ears. Ears would make the ball roll strangely.

Most are made in China and probably don’t understand English anyway.

I don’t talk to the ball since it’s like talking to the wife – doesn’t listen anyway.

It has been scientifically proven by Psychobabble peeps that talking to your ball has a positive effect while it is in flight. The positive effect is only for the player – not the ball. The average person doesn’t expect the ball to do what you say but it does your body good and releases beneficial chemicals to make you smile.
 
I never talk to my ball, but I occasionally reprimand my clubs. For example, “Now, your last 2 shots have been crap! Let's make this one better or you'll be back in the garage.” But that doesn’t work either.

Yes, I not only talk to my ball but also to my opponent’s ball.
 
I talk to my ball when it is going straight for the bunker telling it to bounce right or left to avoid it. Every shot is a mystery.

I don’t talk to my ball, but the ball does say a few unmentionables to me when it flies on its way into the woods.

Finally, one puzzled member asked how long are you supposed to wait for an answer?

State Government. Agents of  large State’s Department of Transportation Agency found over 200 dead crows on its highways recently, and there was concern that they may have died from an Asian Flu. 
A Pathologist examined the remains of all the crows, and, to everyone's relief, confirmed the problem was NOT Asian Flu. The cause of death appeared to be from vehicular impacts. However, during analysis, it was noted that varying colors of paints appeared on the bird's beaks and claws. 
By analyzing these paint residues, it was found that 98% of the crows had been killed by impact with motorbikes, while only 2% were killed by cars.
The Agency then hired an Ornithological Behaviorist to determine if there was a cause for the disproportionate percentages of motorbike kills versus car kills. The Ornithological Behaviorist quickly concluded that when crows eat roadkill, they always have a look-out crow to warn of danger. They discovered that while all the lookout crows could shout "Cah!", not even one could shout "bike."

Encouraging Others.  What are the things that you say to truly encourage your fellow golfers? Mine is “It’ll come.”
Replies,
Another 2 chips like that and you'll be right up by the pin.

It’s 4 hours away from your wife.  Enjoy it!

Ever play shuffleboard?

It’s all about pin placement. If the pin were in the woods, you’d be the champ.

Swing harder next time.

When they miss a putt 5-feet past and left it to the right, I always say, “Other than speed, distance & direction, not a bad putt.”

Be thankful you are upright and breathing fresh air...you buy the first beer.

Take two weeks off, then quit.

“You want another press?”

Drink up!

It opens up over there.

Don’t forget, water on the left.

You will get there.

Well, that didn't go as far out of bounds as it did a couple of weeks ago.

Blue Balls.     A question was asked if anyone ever played with “blue balls” as he was going to use them for the first time tomorrow. 
The first reply asked if the weather was going to be very cold then? 
Another said he doesn’t use them since it is difficult to get them into the hole.
Another said his wife told him blue balls make him come home sooner.
A golf instructor told him to widen his stance to avoid blue balls.
Another member got them when he stepped on the rake. 

Are You Ready for the Tour?  A question was asked if anyone else felt they were ready for the PGA Tour after they beat their lowest score ever? The asker confessed he was guilty of that himself.
He was quickly advised that yes, “I have been thinking the same way except that has gone on for 30 years.” 

Slamming Clubs.  It was asked if anyone ever slammed his clubs into the bag and jammed a finger after a bad shot? Apparently, the member who asked this did so and said his middle finger looked like a penis afterward. 
Replies, 
One asked him what end of his finger looked like a penis?

Another questioned whether it looked like a circumcised penis or not?
 
One member said what one decides to do with his penis is his business, even though they know what he has probably done with his fingers before that.

Another slammed his 3-wood into his bag, and it bounced back and broke his finger, so he had to make a splint with twigs and long grass to finish his round.
 
One guy slammed his driver into his bag, and it bounced and hit him in the forehead almost knocking him out.

Another sadly slammed an iron into his bag that broke the shafts of his driver and 3-wood. 

An Arnie and Jack Story.
This is a bit long but, this Group is about golf stories, so I thought I’d share my favorite golf story. 
In 1992, my friend Kevin and I were invited to a dinner held by a well-known Golf Writers Association at a large hotel in New York.  The dinner was an annual event held in June, the same week as a well-known PGA Tour event.  
That year’s event was a sell-out and tickets were hard to come by for a particularly good reason. The Honorees were Arnold Palmer, Jack Nicklaus and his Family, and Hale Irwin. With apologies to the great Hale Irwin, I think that 99% of the people were there to catch a glimpse of the King and the Golden Bear.  My friend and I certainly fell into that category. 
We arrived 20 minutes early for the cocktail hour, but the place was already packed. The hotel only had one ballroom, so they held the cocktail hour in the hotel lobby which was small and loud.  
As we entered the hotel, I noticed a separate room off to the side with a sign that said, “VIP Room.”  The entire area was cordoned off by velvet ropes.  The doors to the VIP room were heavy dark oak and there were two huge men wearing blue blazers with gold country club crests on their pockets standing guard at the entrance.  They clearly let it be known that the VIP room was invitation only and as I tried to crane my neck to look in, one of the gold crested pit bulls told me to move along while waving his hand as if he was sweeping away the garbage. 
Oh well, we never really fit in with the gold crested jacket types anyway. 
As we got to the lobby, it was so crowded and noisy that we grabbed a drink and decided to stand in one of the corridors off to the side where it was quiet and empty.  We were standing there looking out into the lobby when we suddenly heard someone call us from behind, “Hey fellas.” 
The voice was unmistakable. 
I turned around and I was face to face with Arnold Palmer.  
One of my childhood idols. 
The King. 
My immediate first thought was, he’s shorter than I imagined, and my second thought was, he’s got the strongest damned handshake I ever felt on a man.  I think I managed to mumble some barely coherent words that I don’t remember.  My friend was worse. 
What I do remember is that he first asked us our names, and then asked us if we knew where the VIP Room was.  I said yes and I told him that it was on the other side of the lobby and he couldn’t miss it because of the guards protecting the door. 
Then Arnie looked at us, grabbed our arms, and said, “I was wondering if you could help me out.  See if i go out into that lobby by myself, I’ll never make it to the other side in time for the VIP reception, so I was wondering if you guys could kind of be my blockers.” 
I replied, “Sure.” 
He added, “No matter what, whatever you do, walk fast and just don’t stop.”
One of the greatest moments of my life! I was a co-conspirator with Arnold Palmer AND I was recruited into Arnie’s Army by the King himself!
My friend and I took our jobs seriously.  We blew through that crowded lobby so quickly that people only realized that Arnie Palmer was behind us after we were 30 feet past them. Finally, we approached the VIP room, the guards took a step towards us but suddenly we stepped aside they realized that the King had arrived. 
Arnie thanked us for getting him there so quickly and then he shocked us by calling us by our first names and said, “You guys are coming with me, right?”
Of course, we were. 
The same guards that had shooed us away moments earlier were now nearly genuflecting as we walked by.  They opened the VIP room doors and everyone in that room fell silent.  
You could hear a pin drop. 
In walked Arnold Palmer.  
Applause.
Oh, in walked Arnold Palmer and his two guys.  
Applause.
In an evening already full of amazing experiences the best was yet to come. 
I stood next to Arnie as I watched grown men act like little children, shaking his hand, struggling to get words out.  I quickly learned he had that effect on people.  
The best was when an older man approached him and sheepishly said, “Mr. Palmer, I had the honor of playing with you in the 1972 Pro-Am at The Doral Open.”  Palmer looked at him, thought for a few seconds then said, “You missed a putt on the 18th, we just missed winning!”  
The man was shocked that Arnie not only remembered the event but remembered the putt that could’ve won it.   I was floored and found myself doing some quick math to try to calculate how many rounds of golf Arnie had played between 1972 and 1992 and how the heck he could remember a single shot like that.  
I remember saying to myself, this guy has superhuman abilities. 
Suddenly, the VIP door opened again, and the room fell silent once again because Jack Nicklaus and his family had arrived. 
Rather than stopping to say hello to the various people there, Jack Nicklaus and his wife Barbara walked directly to Arnold Palmer to say hello and to shake his hand. 
Palmer was so thoughtful that he introduced us by first name to Jack and Barbara Nicklaus.  Another childhood hero. 
The rest of that cocktail hour was a blur.  The rest of the evening was a blur. The irony is that when the dinner began Arnie and Jack were sitting in the dais and my table was as far from the dais as you could possibly be.  As I sat down, I tried to tell the people at my table about what had just happened, but I realized that it was impossible to relate the experience. 
The nice thing is that I was able to get both Jack and Arnie to sign my program which I keep framed on my office wall.  My only regret is that I wish I had taken a camera with me that night (pre-cell phones) because a photo would’ve been great.  
As I’ve thought about this over the years, I’m certain that Arnie knew exactly what he was doing by allowing my friend and me to be part of the whole VIP experience.  He knew that we were just a couple of public links guys and he was gonna make sure that we had the greatest experience of our lives.  He understood what it meant to be in the VIP Room when we had no invite and no reason for even being there.  
In the end, I think that was the best part of the night.

Italian Altar Boy Confession.  Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. I have been with a loose girl."
The priest asks, "Is that you, little Joey Pagano?"
“Yes, Father, it is."
"And who was the girl you were with?"
"I can't tell you, Father. I don't want to ruin her reputation."
"Well, Joey, I'm sure to find out her name sooner or later so you may as well tell me now. Was it Tina Moroni?"
"I cannot say."
"Was it Teresa Mostaccioli?"
"I'll never tell. "Was it Nina Spaghetti?"
"I'm sorry, but I cannot name her."
"Was it Cathy Cannoli?"
"My lips are sealed."
"Was it Rosa Spumante, then?"
"Please, Father, I cannot tell you."
The priest sighs in frustration. "You're very tight lipped, and I admire that. But you've sinned and must atone. You cannot be an altar boy now for 4 months. Now you go and behave yourself."
Joey walks back to his pew, and his friend Franco slides over and whispers, "What'd you get?"
"Four months’ vacation and five good leads!"

Swing Thoughts. Are too many swing thoughts bad for you? 
Replies, 
Most all said yes.  Too many thoughts don’t work. 

One advised beer will keep all those thoughts out of your head.

“Slowly back then give it a crack.” 

“Paralysis through analysis.”

Another mentioned he doesn’t ever think about whether he inhales or exhales when he begins his turn although he does get thoughts about the shopping list and items that need fixing on the car, or if his zip is up, etc.

Must have been a golf historian member who advised swing thoughts do work and gave an example when Ben Hogan’s caddy told him to hit toward the tree on the right side of the fairway 265 yds away. Ben simply asked, “Which branch?”

Finally, one commented after reading 140 replies, “Shouldn’t have read this. I just screwed up my game.”


The “Great Shot” guy.  Has anyone had a guy in their golf group that always says, “Great shot!” even if you blade it into the next fairway? 
It’s apparently the same pesty guy who calls your putts in and then it lips out or misses after trailing at the pin.
Replies,
Everyone needs a cheerleader. 

“We’ve all played with that guy and he is always silent when you nail one...but seems to revel in falsely praising your shit shots.”

That is the same guy who is always fucking talking in my backswing.

It is the same guy who says, “Nice par,” when you bogey.

Another said, "Premature congratulation."

A Tiger Story.  My cousin was a PGA club pro and finished well in local major golf competitions in 2008 and later that year he qualified for the PGA Championship and he found himself on the private jet of the owner of a major sports team on his way to practice round, and then again to the Championship itself. 
Well, fast forward to the tourney, he’s on the front nine, playing with a PGA Tour pro and another young tour pro from Europe. My cousin is on the tee box and notices a large gallery on his right. His natural cut shot rears its beautiful, but ugly head and goes right.
Like the next fairway over right. Over the gallery’s heads. 
Now as he’s walking up, and over to his ball, he notices an extremely large gallery and who’s playing that particular hole...yep...TIGER. Freakin’ nuts, he talks about the gallery an average golfer has vs Tiger’s. It’s not even comparable. 
So, Tiger has teed off, but there’s still a group ahead on Tiger’s green. So naturally, my cousin is going to play his ball while Tiger is standing right in front of him, and Tiger’s gallery is loitering both sides of the fairway. 
My cousin gets ready to hit and decides he’s gonna play that natural cut (since he’s set up well for this shot anyways) and because there’s no way he wants to hit a snap hook in front of Tiger, and all these people who are now watching his shot. 
Well, guess what happened? Nope, not the snap hook.  He piped a 4 iron over the gallery and 15ft from the pin. And the most memorable part of this story is the spectacular roar from the crowd. He got to feel and experience a Tiger’s roar. The gallery went berserk. I mean, it was a solid shot, and they were all watching, so why not applause. Well, that’s why a Tiger’s roar by so many, many people has become cliche.  
Anyhow, long story short, on the front nine on Friday, the European kid blows it up, 40+ and he straight walked off the course at the turn. Now my cousin and the PGA tour pro are a twosome and waiting forever between shots. The PGA Tour pro becomes totally irritated and the vibe goes south quick! And so, does both their play. Both missed the cut. My cousin only by a few shots. It was a tough course, brutally hot. 
But hey, only a handful of average PGA Professionals can say they hit a sweet one in front of Tigers gallery and got the roar in return.

Too Many Golf Tips. Is it possible to watch too many golf tips on YouTube and end up even more confused?
Replies,
Yep, f#cked me all up.

Show me someone who reads all the golf mags and I’ll show you a 30 handicapper. 

No, not possible... try to remember all of the tips, plus the ones that you get from your playing pals, neighbors, Golf salesmen, your brother in law, the pool guy, Dr. Fauci and completely random strangers... and remember, RELAX!

More than possible…inevitable.

Stick with one coach.

Yes. Too much information for a non-pro. Get lessons, stick with what an instructor teaches you. I subscribed to Golf Digest back in the 90s. Read it from cover to cover. Would go out and try everything I read. After 6 months, my game was 8 strokes higher.

Try watching golf babes instead.

Animals on the Course Stories. It was reported a friend hit his second shot next to a tree and disturbed an old fox. The old fox couldn’t move very fast but slowly picked up his ball, walked to the center of the fairway and dropped the ball then wandered off. That makes you wonder.
Another replied about strange encounters with “Crazy Cobra Chickens.” 
Others replied, 

A skunk – that definitely was not fun. 

Emus on a course in Texas refused to leave the green and could not be intimidated. The member advised they can be dangerous and can kill you with their kick. Alas, no amount of yelling and waving our clubs bothered them.  They had to discontinue playing the hole.

Another played with his brother-in-law and nephew and encountered a longhorn bull standing on the tee box at a par three.  Wisely, they decided to skip that hole.

Near Arizona, a golf course has on its scorecard a local rule – something like, “If you encounter a coiled rattlesnake you get 2-club length relief. If the rattlesnake isn't coiled just try to run it off and play on.” 

Same with some courses in Florida that post signs, “Do not molest the alligators.” Yeah, I can imagine players jumping on the backs of gators teasing and tickling it. 

Another said he encountered his ex-wife on a course.

Another ran into crocodiles in Singapore, snakes in Jakarta, and wicked monitor lizards in Colombia, but those did not bother him as it turned out the most dangerous was a very protective swan on a course in Toronto.

Golf Superstitions.  A member inquired if anyone plays superstitious golf? Surprising to us being non-superstitious golfers, we see many golfers have superstitions. These are just a few of the many responses.
“I must stand behind the ball with my club stretched straight out horizontally either pointing at the hole or where I want to shoot. Every single shot. Was just something I did once and then started doing it more often, and now I’m at the point where if I don’t do it, it fucks with my head.”

“I wear the same underwear for all 18 holes and have  an extra pair in my bag in case I get a hole in one.”
 
In Florida and the warmer climates, it’s always a good idea to have extra ice in the cooler.
We liked this one and might try this too. “Divot tool in left pocket, with ball marker - always a JFK 50-cent coin. The coin must be the year 1972 or earlier, I don’t want to see a year higher than the par for the course. Coin always marked heads up, unless I move my coin, then I mark it heads down. Headcovers never touch the ground.” The member who wrote this added, “After reading that over, I might need therapy.”
Here is another, “Maybe someday when I can manage to hit more than 1 good shot in a row, I can credit the streak to my left sock being inside out, or having three tees, a wooden nickel, and a $2 bill in my right pocket. For now, I'll just accept the fact that I pulled that 7-iron into the woods because I chicken-winged the ever-lovin’ sh#t out of my swing, not because I forgot to tee the ball with the logo facing north.”
This was an interesting one. “When a fellow golfer dies during the round, we cover him with a towel and continue play. Winner buys the Snicker bars.”

We also thought these last three were interesting,
“Don't wash ball until I have a bad hole. Okay, ball gets washed 18 times.”

“I always put my socks on before my shoes, stupid I know, but that’s just superstition for you.”

“Punish yourself regularly. Hit into the pond? Then you must take a shot of pond water. Hit into the woods? Chew on some tree bark. All bunker time requires 1/4 cup sand in the underwear. You’ll learn to hit these places eventually. Worked for Tiger.”

Is There Free Relief from a Snowbank?  An intriguing rule question. Here are some of the replies, 
“No one practices that shot.”
 
“That’s why you have an S wedge.  Everyone seems to think it stands for sand.”

This seemed a bit “flaky.” 

Under USGA rules it is standing water or it can be treated as a loose impediment at the player’s option.
 
“Nope! Make him hit that shit and film it.”

Pre-Shot Routines Thoughts.   A member asked about pre-shot routine thoughts. Here are a few,
“No practice swing. Just positive thoughts and rip it.” 

“Don’t miss. Everyone’s watching! God damn it’s hot out here. Where is that damn beer lady? Hope she’s a hottie. Does this outfit make my butt look big?”

“Too much thinking leads to not enough sinking!” 
 
“I visualize banging the cart girl!”

“I hope that tow truck in the parking lot isn’t after my car again. Did I pay the electric bill? I hate going home to a dark house. Okay, club, make this Pro v1 fly!”

“Hi Bobby!” A very wealthy man took his girlfriend to his exclusive golf country club to play golf. After they finished they went to the bar and an even more gorgeous woman walked by their table and went by saying, “Hi Bobby!” 
The old man’s girlfriend gave him a grim look and demanded, “Who the hell is that!!" 
He replied, “Well, I’m not gonna lie, that's my mistress." 
She shrieked, "Your mistress!!! Well, that's it WE'RE DONE!!" 
He looked at her and said, "Well okay, give me the keys to the Porsche, the keys to your condo and all of my credit cards." 
She sat there pondering when another woman walked by and said, “Hi Bobby!” 
Again, the girlfriend demanded, “Who’s that!” 
“Oh, that's Tom's mistress." 
She replied, "Well...ours is better!"

Let’s Talk Insults. A member asked for examples of passive-aggressive golf insults?  Here are just a few of the responses.
“Careful you may step on your uterus after that putt.”

When a relatively easy putt is missed I say, “Well, I'm not surprised, you got a piece of shit on the end of your putter.” When they lift it to look, I say, “No, the other end.”

I toss the suntan lotion and a towel to the guy that gets in the sand trap.

Like a prom date (all lip no hole).

Dead sheep (Still ewe).


Second Chances.  This is a story about second chances. When I was working in the transportation business, every year they had a golf tournament, and it was well attended. My boss who was not a golfer told all of us in the sales department not to go and stay working. 
Well, what he didn't know was, I already had my team - 2 of which were my best shippers and one who was a bomber, and this was a scramble. 
Well, as fate would have it, we won. Now the problem was everybody was talking about the guys that won. My boss found out that I played in the tournament and was a little upset and was going to chastise me.
However, there was a light at the end of the tunnel. My two best shippers had set me up with 5 accounts we didn't have and saved my ass. 
Now the moral of this story. My boss decided to take up golf, and every time I had a customer for golf he wanted to go along.

Practical Advice. The best advice I got before I got married was to buy an extremely comfortable sofa. Because if she ever finds out how much you really paid for your new clubs. It will be where you will be sleeping for a long time.

Do I Tip the Starter?  A member asked the others if it is customary to tip the starter at a more exclusive golf course? And, if so how much?
$100 should do nicely.

What? I haven’t tipped a starter in my life! 

Do you tip a traffic signal?

No. My dad is a starter I just showed him this. He said, “I fucking wish.”

They only give you the paper to write your 115 strokes down on. Show a bit of respect.

Not 115, it was only 109. I was playing well!

I don’t want to think about this and tip whoever you want. If you have the dollars, share the wealth! I’m sure it will be appreciated.

A smooth $1000.00 seems appropriate (Several posted they wanted to caddy for this guy!).

No. I am a starter and don’t expect a tip. 

That last response triggered a reply. 

“A starter, as a job description, isn’t hands-on. If you ask a starter to do something for you besides talk into his walkie-talkie, then it probably warrants a tip.
 
As for valets, that’s more a standard thing from airports to hotels to restaurants. You “know” they work for tips (at least in part), as they lug your stuff around, but a starter is usually hands-off and not tipped as it’s not a “service” position.

Host or Hostess vs. Server at a restaurant is a fair analogy. Hosts are paid to be nice and informative as they organize and control the flow of customers in a way that benefits the restaurant but aren’t necessarily paid to exert themselves or perform labor on your behalf.
 
Isn’t that a pretty good rule of thumb? Anyone who “labors” strictly on your behalf is a candidate for a tip, in my opinion.”

The drinks cart girl, of course!

Brick Golf. Two house bricks were having a game of golf with a lump of concrete. One house brick whispered to the other, "That bloody lump of concrete just cheated, I saw him move his ball out of a divot!" 
The other house brick said, "Say nothing, I heard he used to be a bit of a cyclepath!" 

Impediments.  True story. One Saturday Jack was playing with his usual foursome on the 10th hole. He teed off and a bird flew in front of him and got hit, dropped a bit then flew off. Jack continued and hit his second shot and was left with a wedge. 
Jack wedged it up to 10 feet and that left him with a straight putt for par. He lined up and hit his putt straight at the hole but just before it went in a bug moved in front of the ball and kicked it left. 
Well, Jack just shook his head and tapped in for his bogey. 
When they were on the next tee his friend Willie said, “You know, Jack, that is the first time that I have seen a guy make birdie, a buggy, and a bogey in the same hole.

I Just Purchased an 80-Degree Wedge.   A member announced he bought an 80-degree wedge so he would be able to make his full swing from 6 to 13 yards out. 
The replies were not too receptive to his thinking. Here are a few,
You are going to hit yourself in the nose with that club!

Yeah right, 6 to 13 yards with an 80-degree. You’ll also get 5 yards of backspin.

After a miss-hit under your chin, you will be a bobble-head.

It really doesn't matter to me since when I blade it - it goes 150 yards.

You will shoot your eye out.

A good gust will blow the ball behind you.

“I’d still be short.”


Here Is Me On TV!  One member said while he was watching golf on TV, he wondered what the announcers would say covering his play. He thought it would be something like this.
"Looks like he has laid up a bit farther back. Let's see what he has up his sleeve."
"Yes Jim, he's sitting 158 yards, looks like he's grabbed his 9...wait no, it's a 6."
Whack!
"Aww, he fell off that a bit.  Looks like he's hit a low bullet into the first bunker."
"Yeah, Jim, I'm not sure he wasn't trying to kill a snake, that swing is a little unorthodox."

Other members made up commentary about their own game. Here are a few very brief excerpts.
“Let’s see what he does here Jim...he's 250 out and it looks like he's going to hit his driver off the deck... This will be interesting...Ohhhh no! He topped it and it dribbled 40 yards what a shame let's take a commercial break.”

“Look at this idiot. He topped his drive 75 yards now he’s waiting for them to get off the green cause he thinks he’s gonna hit a 3-wood 340 yards.”

“Looks like he has called for a rules official. Not sure why. Dottie, what’s he asking for?” 

Dottie: “He is asking if he can take a mulligan?”

“He’s hitting 3 off the tee for the 3rd time this side hoping to find a fairway this time. He’s got to be low on balls by now.  Going, going, gone! That ball is over the green, over the cart path, and into somebody’s swimming pool, it may be out of bounds, but he hit it really good.”

Another one. “It’s fading right more, more, more. It’s in the other fairway... I think someone is down. Yes he’s down. Patrons are gathering around administering aid. Let’s look at the replay...”

Here’s the TV crew following the Smith group, “What happened to the Smith group, Bob? I don’t see them on the 7th hole?” 

Bob: “Hmm I don’t either. Let’s check with Dottie.” 

Dottie: “There all in the woods Bob. It appears it’s a hot spot for golf balls and Joe Smith is coming out now and he has found a bunch. Joe, how many balls did you find?”

“I found a dozen. A couple of Pro v’s.”

Another one, “Jim, did he... did he just drop a second ball?”

“He did! What a scene here at the 14th! A-a-a-a-and, his second ball is in the woods. He’s walking to his first as if he never hit that second one. Very bold!”

Another one. “That was five swings out of the bunker and he still isn’t out Jim...wait now he just put his ball in his pocket and told his group he’s good.”

Another, "Well Jim he's drawn a terrible lie in a divot on the fairway.... Wait, well, apparently it's now lying beautifully up on a little tuft of grass. I think his playing partners should’ve walked a little faster."

The triple bogey guy. “That was one of the best triple bogies we have ever seen. I mean 3 putting from 4' is a skill not everyone has.”

More. “Just a little right of the wrong fairway, Jim. Makes you wonder what his plan is coming into the first hole?”

“Well, Bob I really like the way he topped the ball to the right here. He is clearly taking a line we have not seen on this hole before. He’s got 297 yards left to the hole. What is he gonna play here Jim?” 

“I’m thinking a little cutter to about 200 so he can set up a 3 wood into the greenside bunker.

Wow! I guess he’s laid up.” 

Finally, “Well Nick it looks like he’s been put on the clock for talking to the beer cart girl for 25 minutes.”



The BABE Shot.  (Bloody Awful but Effective) Let’s say you have an approach shot 100 yards out and you visualize a high, slightly-fading shot to the center of the green.  Then you blade it solidly and it rolls along the fairway onto the green just a few inches from the hole. One said when this happens to him he walks up to the pin and feels like he is walking on stage about to graciously accept a trophy as he taps it in. 
Replies,
“If that were me I would act like I definitely meant to hit that worm-burner.”

“All my clubs have a range of 50 to 150 yards, and I don’t know why I carry so many clubs.”

Another recognized this shot as one of the toughest shots in golf. And that is “the thin bladed skull top worm burner from the fairway to 1 ft from the pin shot.”  Even the pros at the highest level can't hit that shot on purpose. His advice was to take the birdie while casting a friendly wave to the nearby greenkeeper scratching his head. And by the way, he should prepare for the triple bogey he’s going to get on the next hole.
 
One member wisely advised him to practice hitting golf balls with any club, until he could do it unconsciously, “Sort of like when you pick your nose at the Opera... It has to feel that natural.” 

Where the Tee?!  Ever not find your tee or wonder which way it goes after you hit? A member explained, “This may sound like a story, but I hit the ball off the tee, and it spun up and went point first up my nose. It was difficult getting it out.” 
Replies,
“That’s great you were able to keep your head down.”

“Don’t ever worry about your tee unless it lands further away than your golf ball.”

A “Lucky Tee” Story. Seems a good friend hit his tee shot but couldn’t find his lucky tee.  We all helped him look everywhere and finally, he gave up totally disappointed. He was walking the course while my friend and I were in a cart and got to his ball well before he got there. We had his lucky tee and placed it about 4 feet behind his ball - about 235 yards out. 

Wide-eyed, he couldn’t believe his tee somehow got stuck to the ball and was thrilled to have it back. We waited a few holes before we told him that we picked up his tee off the tee box. We still give him shit about it.

Another told a story on how he played with a guy once who couldn’t find his tee after hitting off. 

After looking for a minute or two he finally said, “Oh well, someone might hand it in.”

Water.  A tourist golfer playing St Andrews cupped his hands as he was taking a drink of the water from a highland burn on the course. Noticing that, a groundskeeper became concerned and shouted out, “Dinnae drink the waaatter! Eets foo ae coo’s shite and pish!”
The golfer shouted back, “My good man, I’m from England. Would you kindly repeat that for me, but this time please speak ENGLISH!”
The keeper replied, “I said use two hands – you get more water that way.”

Shot Names. What do you call certain shots that match what you just hit? For example, “That's a Clark Gable - Gone with the Wind, “That's a Marilyn Munroe” - a fair crack down the middle, etc. He asked others to name ones he hadn’t heard before. You probably know many more.
When you are in the trees, “That’s a Catholic school girl, you ain’t getting through.”

That's a real “Nipple kisser, it leads straight to the hole.”

At Pebble Beach, one member said he learned of the "Liz Taylor" from his caddie. It looked good for a REALLY LONG TIME...

A putt that goes all the way around the hole before it drops - a Dolly Parton - a full cup.

A penis shot. Not what I wanted but I can still play with it.

“Grandpa’s pajamas” - one ball out!

Finally, and this is supposedly a true story. “Several years ago, while I was playing Royal Troon in Scotland I had a bad shot off the tee. I can’t remember what hole it was, but I hit it to a small landing area with heather on each side. As I reached down to pick up the tee from my heeled tee shot, a wrapped condom came flying in onto the ground next to my tee. I looked up at my caddy and said, “What this?”

He replied in his beautiful thick Scottish accent, “We call that the condom shot here… It didn’t feel good, but it was safe.” 

Let’s Hear About Your Best Recovery Golf Shot!  A member asked what your best recovery was. For example, he mentioned he managed to hole-out for eagle from 145 yds out of a fairway bunker while wishing he would somehow get a par or bogey. 
Here are a few replies, 
On a long par five, my second shot had to go through a left dogleg and a narrow ravine to a fairway fronting the green. My second shot cleared over a toilet room, through a tree, and ended up under the tree. My third was a low pitch landing about 100 yds from the green and bounced once onto the green and went into the cup for a 3, an eagle while the course pro had moved off that green with a couple of students who all saw it. So, then I walked up and pulled my ball out of the cup as I belonged! Incredible!

Another felt his best recovery came when I drove the cart to the clubhouse for a cold beer between nines!

Another felt fortunate with this score. After blading 3 "chips" onto the green of a par 4, I walked away with an 8 instead of a 12. Good times!”

Here’s another. “I topped my tee shot on the 1st hole of a team match, nearly missed the ball completely, and there was a decent crowd watching and I could hear people choking back laughter. My ball rolled off the front of the tee box and stayed on the downslope. So ugly. I'll never forget how embarrassing it was.
 
“The hole was an uphill par 3 and my opponent hit one straight at the flag, 15-20 feet past the hole. Looked like I was a certainty to go 1 down. I stepped up to my ball on the downslope and could barely get a stance, but I punched my ball up the hill and it rolled onto the front of the green, then I drilled my putt into the flag, and it dropped for a 3. 

“I had to throw in a cheeky Tiger Woods fist pump so everyone back at the tee could see I'd saved par.

“My opponent left his birdie putt 5-feet short and missed the par putt. He screamed in agony as I skipped to the 2nd tee and waved back to the crowd on the 1st tee. A priceless moment!”

Another member said, “I pinned myself 10 ft behind a big oak and that had low hanging branches on a par 4. I was 150 yds from the green. I grabbed my 3 iron.

“A buddy was telling me to just run it up into the greenside bunker to the left. I told him I was going to go half-swing and get a cut to the right on the green so I can putt for birdie and escape the bunker. 

“The other guy playing with us called that ‘bullshit’, but I shot it out just under the branches and to the left of the trunk. It climbed up and rolled over to the right within 4 feet of the pin for a clean uphill birdie putt. Of course, I missed the putt and parred. But my other friend who knows how well I shape my irons pulled up to our pessimistic friend. He stops, snaps his head over, looks him in the eyes, and says, ‘Shot of the day bud,’ then drives away starring him down.”

Another reply. “I was playing a course for the first time and was stuck behind a tree after an errant drive. So, I grabbed my 64 which I never hit well and went up and over the tree coming 2 feet from the flag. My buddy runs up laughing and yells, ‘Great shot! Our green is over there!’”

Too much beer. True story.  A friend of mine was playing a 9-hole company scramble. They decided to drink 1 beer per hole and $5.00 a hole and play closest to the pin on the last hole. 
When they got to the ninth hole, my friend dribbled his tee shot off the tee a few feet in front of him.  The other 3 hit their balls but couldn’t find their balls – they couldn’t find any of them.
My friend who dribbled, declared since they couldn’t find their balls he was closest to the hole and took the money without any objection from the other three.

Sandbagger. A member was wondering why single-digit handicap players seem to moan about the number of shots other higher handicappers have.
Here are a few replies,
“Why you ask? Because we play a weird sport where bad players get help to even things out. Doesn't happen in most other sports.”

“Some are bandits and sandbag not putting cards in for low scores to keep the strokes. You know those guys or gals with a 25 handicap and shoot 47 Stablefords.  But I could care less since I am playing my own game and I won’t wager with a sandbagger.”

Another member agreed with that, “We generally don’t give a rat’s arse. See ball, hit ball, find ball then repeat. If you are a good bloke we really don’t give a f... what you play off. Enjoy the day. It seems that there is too much anxiety.”

Another, “I've never given a single fuck what anyone else plays off or what my playing partners shoots. I play the game for my own enjoyment. At my peak I got down to a decent 11 handicapper but now approaching 50 fast with mobility issues I struggle to break 100 but I still love this magnificent, stupid, glorious, idiotic game. If you cheat who are you really cheating but yourself?”

Who would you choose to play with? A member asked the others, “If you can play a round with ANY player (dead or alive), who would that be? And where?” 
Reply,
“Alive - definitely. Would make for a slow round dragging a dead guy.” 

Easy Golf Rules.  
One suggested players should enjoy golf more under his special rules. 
We don't mind moving a ball out of a divot if some arsehole before you doesn't replace it.

We don't use a cart. Golf is a way to improve fitness. (I have never played on a course that has 'cart girls' - a very sexist term). We carry our sandwiches and water are in our bags.

We don't mind giving an 18" gimme.

We don't spend a fortune on club memberships, (my annual income is less than $22k) golf balls, or golf wear.

We have FUN, good conversation, and friendship.

We make jokes because that makes life easier. If a joke is about me, my friends, or even Tiger Woods, that's okay because I will do the same.

Others agreed and advised they bring a snack too but enjoy the cart girl for drinks as she is a welcome sight.

Another member added that most females driving around are a welcome sight even if they don't have refreshments.

Finally, a member said when he’s thirsty he calls his wife to bring him a nice cold beer. But he didn’t want to repeat what she says…

Can’t Get Out of Traps.  On a very, very warm, and sunny day, an 80-year-old man went to a golf club. It was so hot that nobody was playing.
Because he doesn’t want to play alone the old guy challenges the pro of the country club for a thousand bucks and tells him, "You can easily beat me, I can't get out of sand traps." 
The pro looks at the parking lot and sees the ol’ guy’s big silver Rolls-Royce, thinks about it for a while, and then agrees to play the old man.
After 17 holes the old man and the pro are all tied up. On the 18th hole, the old man hits his ball into the sand trap next to the green. The pro lets out a sigh of relief as he remembers what the old man said to be him before they started.
The old man takes his shot and holes it out from the sand trap beating the pro. The pro turns to the old man and says, "I thought you couldn't get out of sand traps." 
The old man responds, "I can't. Come over here give me your hand and help me out."

The “Go to Club.” A member asked others what their “go to” club was – the one club you trust more than others for a reliable shot. 
A 5-wood - very forgiving off the fairway. 

Ball retriever.
 
The clubhouse.

A strip club.

A pencil with an eraser.

Canadian Club. 

The phone rings and a woman answers.
The strange pervert on the other end says, “I bet you have a tight ass with no hair…” Then she hears more heavy breathing.
“Yes, as a matter of fact, I do. He’s sitting right here. Do you want to talk to him?”

The Typo.  A golfer wrote a romantic message to his wife on his golf trip with the guys and missed an "e" in the last word. 
Now he is homeless and staying with a friend.
He wrote, "Hi darling I'm experiencing the best time of my life. I wish you were her!"

Bad Tee Shots.  One member wanted to hear stories of bad shots off the tee such as hitting houses, etc. 
One said he was in a charity tournament in Singapore and, as usual, there were drinks at regular intervals on the course. As he was playing the 18th he mistakenly chose a 6 iron instead of 9 and hit the ball well over the green, onto the clubhouse roof, then onto the patio where others were having lunch. 

Another hit a satellite dish from the tee and said if you ever heard a ball hitting a satellite dish, it sounds like the gong show but a satellite dish is much louder carrying a horrible sound that reverberates throughout the golf course. He said the next time he came to the club, people kept asking him if he worked for the cable company.

Another was playing a course in California in the mid-1980s and hit into the patio of a condominium apartment building where a lady sat by the pool sunning herself. When he went to retrieve his ball, her huge husband walked out who was a well-known NFL player, and he almost shit himself. It turned on everyone had a good laugh.
 
“At my home course, we played the first tee time every Wednesday morning. Most holes were lined homes.  A guy in our group sliced his drive on the 5th that rebounded off the cart path, bounced up to the porch of a home, and (luckily) bounced through an open glass sliding door onto their breakfast table. The ball came to rest in a fruit bowl on the table while the homeowners were having their breakfast. The guy who hit it was a retired engineer and yes, people who live on a golf course can be very understanding and forgiving. 

Second Chances.  This is a story about second chances. When I was working in the transportation business, every year they had a golf tournament, and it was well attended. My boss who was not a golfer told all of us in the sales department not to go and stay working. 
Well, what he didn't know was, I already had my team 2 of which were my best shippers and one who was a bomber, and this was a scramble. 
Well, as fate would have it, we won. Now the problem was everybody was talking about the guys that won. My boss found out that I played in the tournament and was a little upset and was going to chastise me.
However, there was a light at the end of the tunnel. My two best shippers had set me up with 5 accounts we didn't have and saved my ass. 
Now the moral of this story. My boss decided to take up golf and every time I had a customer for golf he wanted to go along.

Doctor’s Advice.  Met my golfing partner at the pub, he was looking miserable.  I asked, “What’s up mate?”
He replied, “I’m just back from the doctors and he’s told me I can’t play golf!” 
I said, “ Oh he’s played with you then!”

The Perfect Fairy Tale. Once upon a time, a young man asked a girl, “Will you marry me?”
The girl said, “No.”  
And the guy lived happily ever after and went golfing a lot.
The End

Slow Play.  How can you prevent slow play? 
Some felt golf courses set tee times too close together to get more players on the course. 

A member from Edinburgh Scotland had one solution that worked.

He explained in 2020, play resumed after a 3 month Covid lockdown. The course adopted a local rule allowing only play for two players only at each tee time. Every six holes had to be finished within an hour so the entire 18 holes would be completed in 3 hours. Searching for lost balls, as a practical matter, was given up as you had to leave the course if you didn’t make the 6 holes in the one hour time – that comes to 10 minutes per hole on average. They allowed you to drop where you lost the ball taking a stroke. There was no waving anyone through and slow players could be easily spotted. It worked very well.
 
Another suggested if you have a slow player in your group, find another golf buddy. 

Another told a story where he played with a man at a private course and this guy would get frozen over the ball. He took a ton of waggles and took forever to strike it. While playing a hole adjacent to the street, a garbage truck was stalled in traffic, and a guy on the back was watching this clown. After 10 waggles the garbage guy yelled, "Hit the ball you motherfucker!" Everyone was laughing.

Another said he occasionally plays with a notoriously slow player and most all the other players at the club know from experience to play slower since nothing seems to irritate a slow player more than another player who plays even slower. So, if the course is not crowded, the rest in the group might deliberately play slow to see how it riles up the slow player who usually explodes while the others quietly laugh and laugh.

Another compared a 5-hour round to swallowing ground glass as it is mind-boggling to get behind slow players. They have several well-known slow players who are referred to as HRD1, HRD2, HRD 3, etc, that stands for “Human Rain Delay.”

New Pajamas. "Honey I have been asked to go golfing in China with my boss for a week. This is a good opportunity for me to get the promotion. So, could you please pack enough clothes for a week, and my Golf bag.  We are leaving from the office and I will swing by the house to pick my things.  Oh, and please pack my new blue silk pajamas!”
The wife thinks this sounds a bit fishy but being a good wife, she did exactly as her husband said.
The following weekend he came home a little tired but looking good.
The wife welcomed him & asked if he enjoyed the trip?
He replied, “Yes, we had some good games, and the weather was hot. But why didn’t you pack my blue silk pajamas?”
She says, “I did. They were in your golf bag.” 
Game over !!!

Naked Lady Tees.  
It was asked if anyone plays with naked lady tees?
Replies, 
Naked lady tees help you to keep your head down.

No, I don’t use them, but I pasted a picture of my ex-wife on a ball.
 
I have teed off many naked ladies! 

Someone Ever Claim Your Ball is Theirs? 
One member got  tired of others claiming that his ball was theirs and stealing it from under him.  So now, he marks his ball in large capital letters, “NOT YOURS.” 
I mark my ball, “MINE.” 

A member commented that “MINE” does work since he marks his chips that way in the family kitchen.

“I just mark ‘MY’ before the brand name. Then someone asked if he fished those balls out of the pond. He said he probably did. “Then they’re not yours either.” 

Another found a ball, and someone had printed on it, “If found call…” and had a phone number. So, he called it, but it had to be a prank since no one ever called back.

On the 4th hole after hitting yet another drive straight right into the junk and while searching for the ball, a member found a ball with “F$&@ YOU” written on it in large red letters. He proceeded to play with it and had the round of his dreams.

Another writes, “Lost #1” and then works up through the numbers. He started doing it a few months ago and is up to #14 now.

“Mine” on my golf balls. If someone picks it up and tries to claim it by saying, “It says mine,”  I say, “If it was yours it’d say, ‘Yours’ on it wouldn’t it?”

Addicted Golf Pro.  A golf club president addressed golfers at the Annual Meeting. 
“It’s with a heavy heart, I have to tell you that our golf pro has been diagnosed with an addiction to Viagra.” 
The members looked puzzled. 
The president continued, “No one is taking it harder than the Lady Captain.”

Christmas Tree.  Our club professional bought a Xmas tree today and took it to the golf club.
The Captain asked, “Will you be putting that up yourself?” 
He quickly replied, “No, in the Pro-shop.”

Phones.  Sitting in the golf club in the late 1980’s I spied a guy carrying 2 heavy suitcases and was sitting down at a table and he started talking into a thing in his hand. When he had finished, I walked over and asked what was doing. 
“It’s the latest thing, a mobile phone, I bought it in Japan last week it cost me $100.” 
I said, “Wow I'll have to have one of those.” 
“You can have this one for $50,” he replied.
So, I paid him $50, and he gave me the phone.  As I was leaving, he picked up the two large suitcases and called out, “Hold up! You’ll need the batteries.”

Water Hole – Use a New Ball or Used Ball?
Most said, changing to an old ball puts doubt in the mind. 
One advised to take the old ball and throw it into the penalty area with a little chant while holding the two balls in your nutsack. That offering pleases the golf gods. If you don’t do the offering you are in the water no matter what ball you use.

Another claims he uses a ball he has snuck out of someone’s bag.

Finally, if you’re worried about losing a golf ball, take up bowling!

Happy? Would you believe I was dreaming about a potential birdie and bang, I rear-ended another golf cart? To my surprise, the driver was a dwarf.  
The dwarf comes around the back, inspects his damage, and says, "I'm not happy!" 
I ask, "Then which one are you?” 
That's when the fight started.

Short Game. My short game is very good except for the fact I usually use my short game off the tee box.

Golf Towels in the Bathroom. 
A creative member told the others he uses golf towels with course logos for hand towels in the bathrooms of his home.
The first reply asked if he was married.

Another asked if they were used for your hands or your balls.

No, I’m broke so I do it the other way round and have bathroom towels on my bag.

Fourth from the Bunker.  Watching the replay of yesterday's golf tournament on TV, the announcer says, “He’s now playing his fourth from the bunker." That doesn't mean the same to them as it does to me?!?!  Playing my fourth from the bunker means I'm approximately one swing away from picking up my ball and cracking the tab on my next beer.
Replies,
No. For me it means I played my first from the tee, then I played my third from the tee, and my fourth from the bunker. 5,6 and 7 will be putts. 

Reply - I don’t want to play with you. I don’t like playing with people who have way better golfing skills than myself. 

Answer - Well, to be honest, I might have exaggerated my talent. I never get out of the bunker in one shot, so 5 will come from the bunker, and 6-8 will be putts!

Finally, a caddie gave his sound advice, “Bust the beer open either way ... and enjoy the round with your friends or family!”

Brand New Plastic Wrapped Putter. The questions and stories in this group jog my memory on so many experiences over the years. My younger brother still used my mallet putter that I had when I was a teenager 56 years ago. Then he won a new putter as a scramble prize a while back. He played with it on the front nine and putted lights out. Made everything within 20 feet.
 
Another friend of mine playing with us asked to see his new putter. 

My buddy looked at it and said, “Did you know you haven’t taken the plastic wrapper off of it?”

My brother removed the plastic, missed the next 2  putts, and he never used that putter again. 

Another putter story. There was a par 3 - 160 yards. I hit a 6 iron within 15 feet. My brother bet me he could get closer using his putter. Of course, I took the bet. He hit it within 10 feet.

Reply - On your second story, he married that putter, right?

Answer - Of course! 

Line on a ball.
DO YOU PUT A LINE ON YOUR BALL FOR PUTTING, OR FOR HITTING A FADE OR A DRAW ON YOUR TEE SHOT?
Replies,
I lost so many balls I ran out of ink so don’t bother anymore. 

I put a line on it, but it still goes where it wants to.

If I want to draw on my ball, I put the marked number on the right side when teeing up, fade on the left side and straight in the middle. Found the extra weight from the ink from my Sharpie was an added benefit. Anyone buying this, I’ve got oceanfront property in Nebraska to sell you!

A line on the ball? Nah, the coke falls off before I can get the straw on it.

Change of mind. 
We didn’t see this post before it was taken down  except for one reply that was made before it was taken down,   
“I don’t want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal-food-trough wiper. I fart in your general direction. Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries. Just kidding, can't read your post.” 

Addressing the Ball.  How do you address the ball? I generally say, "I’m going to smack you silly.”
Replies, 
First, you must select your balls wisely... I sometimes get a female one who just ignores everything I say.

What an eye-opener!! Mine are all females!

I don’t talk to my ball as I know it can’t hear me.

Reply - How do you know it can’t hear you?

Answer - I asked it and it said “No”.

“Don’t talk to me I’m really teed off.”

I tell my golf ball you have one job… “Do it or you’ll be replaced.”

You’re going downtown!

So long. It's been nice to know you!

Golf Injury.  The local brothel was having their annual golf competition and the first four ladies of the evening just teed off and headed down the fairway.
Suddenly a ball came out of nowhere and struck one of the girls in the head. She fell like a sack of bricks on the ground screaming, “I’m blind! I’m blind!” 
The golfer who hit the shot rushed over and tried to calm her down. “Please relax, help is on its way. Tell me, how many fingers have I got up?”
“Oh my god!” She screamed. “I’m paralyzed too!”

Early Arrival.  A golfer is returning home a day earlier than expected from a business trip.
While en-route home, he asks the taxi driver if he would be a witness and go into his house with him because he suspects his wife is having an affair, and he wants to catch her in the act. 
For $100, the taxi driver agrees.
Quietly arriving home, the husband and driver tip-toe into the bedroom. The husband switches on the lights, yanks the blanket back, and there is his wife, naked as a jaybird, with a man, totally nude also. The husband puts a gun to the naked man's head.
The wife shouts, "Wait! don't do it! I lied when I told you I inherited money. HE paid for the Range rover I gave you.  HE paid for the new golf villa in Portugal.  HE paid for all your golf memberships.  HE paid for our house in Dornoch.  HE paid for your Golf Trip to St. Andrews.  HE paid for our country club membership and he even pays the monthly dues! And, because of HIM, I can put an extra £1,000 in our account each month.”
Shaking his head from side-to-side, the husband lowers the gun. He looks over at the cabby and says, “What would you do?”
“I'd cover him with a blanket before he catches a cold!”

Looking Different. When the other guys asked me about why I looked just slightly different, I told them I had facial reconstructive surgery after being hit by a golf drive. That raised a few eyebrows!

Why Do You Play Golf? Question. If someone who’s never played golf asks you, ‘Why do you love playing golf?’ What do you tell them?

Replies,

It’s a simplified version of life. You step up, hit the best shot you can. Doesn’t always go the way you want, but you must step up and hit the next shot. Sometimes you strike the ball perfectly, but the result is terrible. Sometimes you strike the ball terribly, but the result is perfect.  That and being able to legally drink and drive.

What is your most embarrassing shot?  Everyone has one. The course I was playing has a very nice patio restaurant and bar adjacent to the tee box on the first hole. I teed it up with my group and proceeded to hit one right off the toe of my club. The ball went sailing into the restaurant area and hit a raised BBQ lid so hard it sounded like a gong. I had to walk in shame over and retrieve my ball amongst the patrons. Not a good start to the game!
Replies,
Hold my beer...this wasn't my shot, but the worst shot I ever saw...I was on the green getting ready to putt and a shot hit me in the thigh, about 6 inches from my nut sack. The guy who hit the shot was on the next hole tee box about 75 yds from me. He had to hit his tee shot at an 80-degree angle, 3 ft off the ground to hit me. Had a bruise for two months...he did buy me a beer though.

When I first started playing I was on the Marine Corps base in Barstow, California. Hit my ball off the tee on 1 and sliced it right into the front of a locomotive that was on the tracks paralleling the course. It fired right back over our heads and ended up 25 yards or so behind the tee box. My buddies fell on the ground laughing and I was totally embarrassed. It’s a wonder I ever stuck with the game.

The tee markers were wooden blocks cut diagonally with a horseshoe in them and the hole number inside the horseshoe. Guy tees it up very close to the marker. Toes it into the metal horseshoe. The ball rebounds backward, over his shoulder, over the pro shop and into the pool on the other side of the building.

Thinned a wedge out of a bunker 50 yards over the green into the clubhouse parking lot in view of about 20 people. Whipped out the old pocket provisional and hand-wedged one up to the green in a flash as I walked out of this deep bunker and into view. There were lots of confused faces and my partner going, “Wow great shot.”  When I finished the back 9 and found my ball resting on the tire of my own car after with a nice new dent in my own quarter panel. Karma is real.


The Dentist. A dentist was about to leave his office with his golf bag on his shoulder when the phone rang.
“Doctor,” the caller said, “I have a terrible toothache. Can I stop by your office in a few minutes?”
“Sorry,” replied the dentist, “but I have a previous appointment to fill eighteen cavities this afternoon.”

Another Dentist. A woman comes in with a bad tooth and the dentist says, “It’s a bad one, and it's gonna be painful to take out." 
She replies, “Sounds like having a baby would be easier.”
The dentist replies, “Well, make up your mind up, so I can adjust the chair!”

Damaging shots.  What is the most damage you have done off the tee? Cart, structure, etc?
Replies,
Playing a scramble, 2nd shot on a par 5 dogleg right. About 240 out I played a fade around the corner. Didn’t fade. Buddy asked did you see it? I said yep, it’s near that small red sports car. I went up to it and sure enough, there it was in the back seat. Left a real small hole in the back window.  

At the prize table, the dude whose car window I broke won a sleeve of balls for closest to the pin. 

My buddy says, “You should give one of those balls to Joe seeing as he left one in your back seat.”

Our club has installed a long row of hitting mats on top of a strip of concrete they poured at the back of our practice tee. They rotate us back there to give the turf a chance to recover from time to time. My buddy was hitting from the mats but wanted to hit a few drivers, so he moved a couple of steps behind the concrete strip to tee it up on the turf. Thinned one badly. It hit the concrete curb, came straight back, and hit him just under the eye. 

He was lucky. I think a broken nose and the worst face bruise I've ever seen is what he got away with. Lesson learned.

My whole golf bag and clubs rolled into a river once! I lost my cell, but I recovered my clubs and cart. I came back the next day to find my cell with my friend’s goggles and gear. It was a riot!

I swing it about 100-105 mph (driver) and there was a group of ducks off to the left maybe 10 feet away. I made a joke about my buddy hitting them and I get up next only to crank one into the duck’s stomach. He went off to the side and his boys circled around him. The duck was okay - just got the wind knocked out of him. Two holes later a group of ducks was walking on the fairway. They saw me and got out of the way fast.

Wine Connoisseur.  At a winery, the regular taster died, and the Director started looking for a new one to hire.
A drunkard unemployed golfer with a ragged, dirty look came in to apply for the position.
The Director of the winery wondered how to send him away. He gave him a glass to drink.
The drunk tried it and said, "It's a Muscat, three years old, grown on a north slope, matured in steel containers. Low grade, but acceptable."
"That's correct," said the boss.
Another glass...
"It's a Cabernet, eight years old, a south-western slope, oak barrels, matured at 8 degrees. Requires three more years for finest results."
"Correct."
A third glass...
"It's a Pinot Blanc Champagne, high grade and exclusive," calmly said the drunk.
The Director was astonished. He winked at his Secretary, secretly suggesting something. She left the room and came back in with a glass of urine.
The alcoholic tried it.
"It's a blonde, 26 years old, three months pregnant - and if I don't get the job, I'll name the father.

Why Aren’t You on the PGA Tour?  I love how everybody thinks they are such skilled golfers... then why aren't you on the tour?
Replies,
I’m an incredibly talented golfer and could have easily turned pro and been consistently in the top 10 in world rankings and the money list, not to mention endorsements. However, since I was a child, I had this burning passion to go into sales and have customers and bosses beat the shit out of me every day. So, you see, it was more about, “What’s my calling?”

My Golf Holiday in Thailand.  At a golf club  in Bangkok, I asked the Thai girl behind the counter if she could escort us on a city tour, I asked her for her mobile number so we could call her to make reservations.
She gave us a big smile, nodded her head, and said,
"Sex, sex, sex, wan free sex for tonight.”
I replied, "Wow, you Thai women are really hospitable!"
The man standing next to me overheard this and tapped me on the shoulder and said, "What she really said was, 666136429."

Finishing with the Same Ball.  Is it a mental accomplishment to play 18 with the same ball?  I never had an ace. But I’ve had several one-ball games. How about y’all?
Replies,
It really depends on the Golf Course! Some are clean and wide with very little brush and no water! You should never lose a ball on those! Then you have those with a lot of brush and water everywhere! Pat yourself on the back if you come out unscathed on those!

I lost a ball putting in my living room.

Sportsmanship.  It’s not whether you win or lose that counts, it’s whether I win or lose.

Cricket v. Golf. What do cricket and golf have in common? A century is a pretty good score for a bad player in either sport.

More on Slow Play. I know slow play seems to be pandemic so what do you do on the Tee box while waiting? My brothers and I invented golf croquet...use the Tee markers as poison. Makes the wait bearable.
Replies,
We toss a football while we wait or fire up a doobie!!

It’s funny that this debate on slow play is and will be always an issue. Everyone has their own interpretation of it. The ones that think they’re fast sometimes aren’t and the ones that are slow complain about others being slow. Guys don’t play slow on purpose just to piss everyone off. Most of the time they don’t know it.

The club should educate members as to how they can save time without playing speed golf. It’s no use complaining about it. It just ruins your own game and time by whining. The way some people carry on about it you would think it’s a world crisis. Really if you complain that strongly about it then life must be pretty good not much else to whine about.

How do you know if a group behind you at some time hasn’t complained? Just take a chill pill and enjoy life. It can be taken from you in an instant.

Avoid slow play? Just wait till they all go looking for a shit topped ball in the weeds and drive past them. Better seek forgiveness than permission. Say, “Thanks for letting us through,” as you pass them.

Lesson Learned.  A man took his wife to the Rodeo and one of the exhibits was that of breeding bulls. They went up to the first pen and there was a sign that said, "This bull mated 50 times last year." 
The wife poked her husband in the ribs and said, "He mated 50 times last year." 
They walked a little further and saw another pen with a sign that said, “This bull mated 120 times last year." 
The wife elbowed her husband and said, "That's more than twice a week! You could learn a lot from him." 
They walked further on to a third pen with a bull and a sign saying, "This bull mated 365 times last year." 
The wife got really excited and said, "That's once a day. You could REALLY learn something from this one!"
The husband looked at her and said, "Go up and ask him if it was with the same cow." 
The husband's condition has been upgraded from critical to stable and he is expected to make a full recovery.

Explaining to the Better Half.  Seen a few stories about guys throwing their bag and clubs into the lake. What would your response be to your better half when she asks, "What happened to your clubs?"  Let's see who comes up with the best line.
Replies,
Honey, I played for a new diamond ring for you, and I lost by 1 shot. He got my clubs, but I sure wish I could have got you that ring, it was gorgeous. Hopefully, I'll try to get some clubs to play again. Lol.

I told my missus I left ‘em at my girlfriend’s place and by the time she stopped laughing I remembered where they fuckin’ were.
 
In South Florida. “Honey, an alligator ripped ‘em off the back of the cart. I let him have the clubs and the six pack of twinkies in the bag, but I successfully fought him for the picture I carry of you for good luck.”

Hit by a ball?  Have you ever hit someone with a ball or ever been hit by a stray ball?
Replies,
I once hit another golfer on the calf. I sliced my tee shot into another fairway as 2 golfers walking towards us were on that fairway.  I shouted “Fore!” and the golfers turned and covered their heads, but unfortunately the ball hit one of the golfers on the calf and he went down like a sniper had shot him. By the time I got to him (full of apologies) he had a large round bull’s eye shape on his leg and the bruising was already starting to appear. The only problem is that if I hadn't shouted “Fore” the ball would have missed him since he moved right in the way of the ball when he heard that trying to cover up. 

Hit myself in the face when I hit a tree 10 feet in front of me and it ricocheted. Knocked me flat. Thinking of suing myself.

Lost Balls.  I played 18 over the weekend and didn't lose a single ball. Am I doing this wrong?
Replies,
Until the 18th where it went into the vault at the putt-putt. 

You're on point - continue and one day you'll get up to 2 dozen lost!

Next time tee up a new Pro V, your streak will end in a hurry.

It’s hard to lose a ball that is on the fairway most of the time! The question is what was your gross? 140???

Reply - Let’s put the scenery in though, 18 holes over 6,200 yards, no water, wide fairways, free beer cart with sexy ladies… Driving it 310 all day. Used one foot-wedge and one putt. Lost a few $20 bills I bet. Score… 101.

The ups and down of golf. True story. I was playing in an outing with my brother, my nephew, and a friend at a local golf club. On the 5th hole as we walked up to the tee, there was a brand new Cadillac sitting next to the tee box. The hole was about 165 yds. I took out a 7 iron and knocked in the hole! About 5 holes later I won closest to the pin, winning $300. We then won the golf outing. I went inside the clubhouse and put the $300 on the bar to buy everyone drinks. The bartender slid the money back and said it was an open bar. All in all, a pretty good day. I should’ve played lotto too ... lol.
Replies,
In an event last year, a guy won a car for a hole in one. In the next four ball behind them, another player also got a hole in one - but the prize was gone and awarded to the previous player. I felt bad for him and at the evening dinner, the course presented him with a year membership to soothe the pain.

Quirks of Golf. Anyone ever get into trouble through golf?
Replies, 
I wagged a day off school to go and watch the British Open at Lytham in 1979.  Arriving back the following day I got a belt around the ear from my French teacher, as he asked, “Did you enjoy the golf?” I swore blind that I’d been too sick to come to school, for which I got another belt around the ear, as he said, “Don’t lie to me, I saw you on the TV highlights three times! You’re in detention, tonight.” 

On the plus side, he and I got on like a house on fire from that point, as we shared a love of the game.

My buddy and I got paired up with a husband and wife yesterday. On the 6th she tees off first and hits a career drive and barely missed an old fella ahead of us who was walking rather slowly. He ain’t very happy but eventually moves on. The next hole they let us play through. I went over and apologized and blamed it on her husband. I told them he said she couldn’t out drive you guys for a million dollars, and I think you should go negotiate your cut for hitting your ball so short. Her husband had never said a word. Lol!

Kiss the Caddy.  I saw Lee Westwood kissing his caddie after making a putt.  Is there anything in the rules of golf about that?
Replies,
That is his long-time girlfriend and caddie Helen Storey. 

If he did it without hitting the groin area I think he’s okay.

We were playing a round of high-low and there was a new guy in our foursome (we’ll call him George).  It was a good game, but we were up 2, George was losing and playing 18.  In the middle of the fairway, George pulls out lip balm and starts applying it to his lips.  

My partner looks at him and says, “George, I don’t know what you did in your other group, but we shake hands at the end of our game.”

Too Much Golf. Three wives were in a bar talking about their husbands’ addiction to golf. 
The first wife said her husband plays 18 holes every day. 
The second wife said her husband does the same but goes to the driving range after and hits few buckets. 
The third wife said her husband does the same playing 18 holes and a few buckets at the driving range. But what she hates most is while they were sleeping, her husband grabs a fistful of her pubic hair and throws them upwards, and mutters, “Wind is left to right.”

Old Balls. I found these 25-year-old golf balls Brand Z and I’m not too sure if they are still any good? Anyone ever even seen Brand Z balls?
Replies,
Oh, golf balls? They looked like gas station boner pills at first.

Banned in 9 countries and made with bits of real animals. I bet you hit them well 60% of the time, all the time.

The packaging made me think it was an artillery shell at first.

Reply – That may as well be after I bomb these down the fairway!!
 
If you don't get fireworks after driving one of these throw them away.

Put them in a new sleeve, give them to your buddy you are playing with and knock 20 yds off his/her game!

I remember those! Originally, they were supposed to be really long, they were so hard they made others feel like a tennis ball.

Might as well have just picked some rocks out of the garden and started hitting those.

Kama Sutra.  A recent survey has found that the most used position that golfers have with their wives is the doggie position. The husband sits up and begs, and the wife rolls over and plays dead.

GPS Watches. Why do golf GPS watches look so cheap?
Replies,
I think Rolex is going to make one? Lol.

You could just pull up your big girl panties and golf.

Reply - You high school kids are so funny!

I have to agree with you... they do look very cheap, and they don’t match with my elegant clothes...

They are great for speeding up play.

Yeah, I like the golfers who spend 2 minutes with their GPS watches and then shank the shot! LOL.

A true golfer doesn’t wear one! It’s cheating.

I wear one and my golf partners tease me about it but yet every time I pull up to their ball if they’re in my cart they ask me how far away they are.

A Good One. I am slightly concerned with all these posts about being allowed out to play golf by the wife. My wife positively beams when I plan to play golf, she actively encourages it, in fact, she said to me today, why don't I take off for a few days to play some courses far away, then got visibly upset for me when I told her I couldn't as we're in lockdown and the courses are closed. She's just come back in to say I should maybe visit Portugal for a couple of weeks to play over there as they aren't in lockdown. Maybe I have a good one.

Balls in the Dishwasher.  A member posted a picture of washing his golf balls in the dishwasher while his wife was out. He asked if anyone else does this to have nice white look-new golf balls.
Replies,
Back in the 80's I played with a guy who used the dishwasher not to get the balls clean but because he believed they flew further after. He used Jet Dry because he thought it made the balls roll with less resistance. I told him it was cheating if he was doing it for a performance advantage. He didn't care for my comment.

I use the washing machine...it does a great job!

Reply - I did that once and thought there were thunder and lightning in the house. My friend suggested it but forgot to tell me to throw in some old towels to deaden the crashing!

Those are crazy ideas. Just boil them in the microwave!

Flushed It? In September 2017, the Korean Times reported a 54-year-old woman cut the tip of her sleeping husband's penis off and flushed it down the toilet. 
The paper reported he had been violent with her and she was upset for him not paying attention to her and he was overspending lots of money on golf and golf equipment. 
Their neighbors were surprised as they thought they had a good relationship. The husband was in stable condition in the hospital and recovering.

Noise Complaint. Does anyone know where I can call, to complain about gatherings and parties in my neighborhood! I’m pretty sure large gatherings are prohibited! 
It is not fair that we are in quarantine and they don’t even care about this contagion. They have alcohol, BBQ, loud music, and what smells to me like the devils’ lettuce. It makes me furious to think how many can get infected. Where can I call to report them?
Wait, false alarm...They just invited me...Sorry to bother you...Have a good one!

Snapped Shaft.  Has anyone here ever purchased a new driver and had the shaft snap in the first backswing without ever striking a ball?
Replies,
Don’t swing near trees.

Where did you buy it? I ordered a well-known driver years ago and crushed the face in. I found out it was a foreign knock-off.

Slow it down a bit, Bryson.

Didn't know the dollar store sold golf clubs.

Reply – It wasn’t from the dollar store. It was from the $2 store in a big Easter Basket.

Yes I did, at Glenfern. I just picked it out of the bag for the first time and had fresh air swing, lined up and missed it and tried again, then again, etc. My friends were rolling with laughter. So, I said, “I’m not missing it this time,” and gripped and ripped and the ball rolled about 12 yards and the head came flying off and disappeared in the heavy foliage not to be seen again. The rest of the round was a waste of time and friends just couldn't stop laughing.

My Wife’s Missing.  Two guys, one 82 years old and one 27 years old, had a collision with their carts at the practice tee. 
The old guy says to the youngster, "Sorry about that. I'm looking for my wife, and I guess I wasn't paying attention. 
“I'm looking for my wife, too. I can't find her." 
The old guy says, “Maybe I can help you find her, what does she look like?" 
The young guy says, "Well, she is 26 years old, tall, is buxom, wearing no bra, long legs, and is wearing short shorts. What does your wife look like?' 
To which the old guy says, "Doesn't matter, let's look for yours."

Oh No! What are the four worst words you could hear during a game of golf?
Replies,
(Phone ringing) Your wife is calling… It’s your wife again.

You owe me money.

We’re out of beer.

Missed the beer cart.

4 putts or 5?

Hole nineteen is closed.

Your wife is here.

Banned.  My buddies wanted to play a round at the club, but I said I couldn’t because I was banned for a month. They asked me how that happened.
I said, “Remember when I went by myself last week? Well, they paired me up three larger ladies that I hadn’t seen there before. They played well, better than I first figured, but they weren’t very friendly. I knew they weren’t from around here because they had a different accent, but I thought I recognized it.  Trying to be friendly I asked, ‘Are you ladies from Scotland? You play really well.’” 
One of them looked at me in disgust and said, “It’s Wales you country bumpkin.”
So, I corrected myself and asked again, “Are you whales from Scotland?”
And that’s when they had me banned.

Big Beer Bag.  I’m in the market for a new bag so just curious about what one holds the most beer?
Replies,
I am terrible with names, but she was in the bar last night.

Hire a cart girl.

Now, add a speaker and PARTY!

Reply – Cart girls are expensive compared to a 24 pack.

Answer – That depends on how much he likes his beer and if prefers someone else to open it.

Golf Gloves.  I was restocking our selection of golf balls in the sporting goods department of the store I work for when a guy comes up to me and asks where the FootJoy gloves are.  
I told him we are out of FootJoy gloves, but there is a shipment coming in tomorrow.  
He thanked me and walked away.  
Fifteen minutes later he walked up to me again and asked where the FootJoy gloves are.  Again, I tell him we are out of stock, but will have them tomorrow.  
He thanked me again and walked away.  
Ten minutes later he comes and asks the same question.  This time I tell him, “Look sir, there’s Taylor in TaylorMade and Golf in GolfBuddy and Fuck in FootJoy gloves.”
He gives me a strange look and tells me, “There’s no Fuck in FootJoy gloves?”
I say, “That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you.”

Self-Deprecating. Let's start a “Self-Deprecating” post. I'll start: 
My golf swing looks like a caveman killing his lunch.
Replies,
Self-deprecating? I guess that’s better than self-defecating which is what my golf swing looks like.

My clubhead speed is so slow that I actually heard the ball yawn while I was teeing off.

My swing has more moving parts than an octopus falling out of a tree.

I’m playing so poorly l went to throw my golf bag in the lake and missed it.

My swing looks like a man trapped in a moving car with a bee.

I'm pound for pound the shortest hitter in the club!

My buddy asked me how I was hitting the ball I said often.

I can hear my tee shots land!

I have to holler “Fore” before I hit the ball...

The Stump.  Everybody knows a golfer that no one wants to play with.  And if you don’t know that guy...you ARE that guy.  You know, he’s the guy that steps on your ball and thinks you didn’t see it or is constantly telling you that you didn’t count your strokes or is the “club thrower.”
My brother is the last one.  George never had the temperament for the game.  When we were kids, my dad (a scratch golfer) called him helicopter, because at least once every round he would throw a driver off the tee box in a perfect Chinook helicopter blade motion.
I am in the “If we’re not playing for money, why do we need a scorecard?” club.  So, you can imagine, I don’t invite my brother to play very often.  But we were at Prince Edward Island a few years ago and my sons don’t play, so it was the two of us.
For those who haven’t discovered PEI golf, I recommend it.  The courses are very green, not very crowded.  The best perk is that if you go in June, you can play right up until 10:00 PM.  Only knock I have is the greens are slow.
Anyway, my brother is a lefty, and we were on a hole that had just been expanded.  It was a long par four.  George sliced it (not news).  But he landed it barely in bounds in the area that they just cut.  He had a good lie, and he had a pretty good shot at landing on the green in regulation.  
But 30 feet in front of him there was an old stump.  The tree had obviously been downed years before and ignored because it used to be out of bounds.  But now it was right in George’s line.
Now, when I say stump, it was about four inches high, three feet across, rotting and covered in big mushrooms.  You could have driven right over it with the cart and not noticed it.  But, it was in his line of sight, so...  
George pulled the three iron, took a couple of practice swings...and skulled the ball directly into the stump with sort of a splat sound.  The ball rolled straight back at George and ended up about nine inches behind where he started.
After two minutes of profanity, he flailed again, same result.  He drilled the ball into the center of the stump, it popped in the air and rolled six feet on the other side.  On the third try, George laid the ball right up in the green, maybe eight feet from the pin.
George then calmly walked a couple of strides back to the stump and gripping the three iron like a samurai sword preceded to WILDLY HACK AT THE STUMP, BITS OF ROTTEN WOOD AND MUSHROOMS FLYING IN THE AIR.  
After ten minutes of demolishing the “obstruction,” he sunk the three iron into the stump (now just pulp) mid-way up the shaft and left it there like the sword Excalibur.  He just walked on.
I strolled over to the stump, pulled the iron out, cleaned the head and put it in my bag.  It’s been 12 years and George has never asked about the club.

Dad Golf Jokes.  
Why did the lion quit playing golf?
Because there were too many Cheetahs.
~
Why can’t Cinderella play golf?
Because she runs away from the ball.

Winter Rules.     It was asked whether there is an official set of “Winter Rules.”
Replies,
Get to use a snowblower almost like a 7-iron clean path to the fairway.

Yes, your club makes them, but they are called “local rules.”

Play in Florida.

Yes. Preferred lie when landing in "yellow" snow!

Snowlfing Rules 2021 are easy - Only count legit birdies and pars, and the rest is considered practice. Once per round players are required to make a tee out of snow and hit off it.

Golf Ball Shave.  An old golfer walks into a barbershop in Black Stump Crossing, for a shave and a haircut.
He tells the barber he can't get all his whiskers off because his cheeks are wrinkled from age.
The barber gets a wooden golf ball from a cup on the shelf and tells the old golfer to put it inside his cheek to spread out the skin.
When he's finished, the old golfer tells the barber that was the cleanest shave he'd had in years, but he wanted to know what would have happened if he had accidentally swallowed that little golf ball.
The barber replied, "Just bring it back in a couple of days like the last guy did.”

Fun Format.  Here is a story about a format not many people play.
My buddies and I play 2 on 2 quite often. We always try to make it fun and now we are incorporating different games. This past outing each team tees off from different tees on each hole. They draw to see who plays from where. For instance, on one hole my partner and I teed off from the lady’s tees and they drew the pro tees. It switches every hole.

Joe’s Birthday.  Joe’s wife decided to surprise him. They hopped in a taxi and went to the local strip joint. The doorman greeted Joe with a warm hello.  
Joe's wife gets mad and demands to know how Joe knows him. He quickly replies, "I golf with him." The wife accepts the explanation. 
As they get further into the joint, the bartender waves and slides a drink along the bar and says, “Here’s your regular drink, Joe, your favorite.”
Joe looks at his wife and quickly says he plays golf with him as well. The wife doesn't say anything, and they take a seat at a table. 
A young lady, wearing only a smile, comes up and rubs her bum in Joe's face, asking if he wants the usual? 
Joe’s wife doesn't waste a second. She grabs Joe by the collar and drags him out and as they're getting into the cab, the wife is screaming at him. 
The driver turns around and says, “Hi Joe, you sure picked up a bitch tonight.”
Joe's funeral is Saturday at 2:30 pm.

Girlfriend vs. the Drink Cart Girl.
A girlfriend doesn’t want you on the course.

Tells you to get your own drink yourself.

Doesn’t flirt with you.

Won’t have sex with you.

The cart girl always wants you on the golf course.

Gets you any drink you want.

Always flirts with you.

Won’t have sex with you.

Rules for picking a golf buddy.
1. They don’t care who hits first on the tee box regardless of score on the last. This keeps us moving!
2. They are not hung up on mulligans. It’s about fun.
3. The snack cart is a critical moment in the day. If it happens more than once it’s a good thing.
4. They line up a putt while approaching it. Time to putt is short.
5. We say, “pick it up” more than not. It’s about fun and friendship. 
6. There is ALWAYS lunch, drinks or dinner after the game, period.
7. We keep it light, and no one throws a club, ever.
8. We talk about life and light-hearted convo.

Christmas Shopping. A couple was out Christmas shopping in a busy shopping center just before Christmas. The wife suddenly noticed that her husband was missing and as they had a lot to do, she called him on the mobile and asked, "Where are you, you know we have lots to do."
He replied, "Do you remember the jewelers that we went into about 10 years ago, and you fell in love with that diamond necklace? And although I couldn’t afford it at the time, and I told you that one day I would get it for you?"
Little tears started to flow down her cheeks, and she got all choked up…
"Yes, I do remember that shop." she replied.
"Well, I am in the golf shop next door to that."

Brand X Golf Balls. Just reviewing the leader board at the PGA Tournament. I noticed that 81 of the players that missed the cut and  65% of them played Brand X Golf Ball. Of the 71 that did make the cut, 60% also played Brand X ball. Which begs a few questions. Is Brand X that good a ball? Or does Brand X pay the pros a silly amount of money for endorsement so they can have “Brand X” beside their name on the leaderboard? Finally, would tour pros play a Brand X if they weren’t endorsed by Brand X?
Replies,
You seriously need to get out more. Who even bothers to look at these stats??

I bet he watches paint dry too!

I use Brand X all the time. They cost me nothing and I have hundreds to spare. Every time I knock one out of bounds I always go looking and come back with 3 very low mileage Brand X balls. I think they reproduce in OB.

Stranded.  A golfer is marooned on an island for seven years when a gorgeous young lady pulls up in a boat says, "I can save you, how long you been here?"
“Seven years," he said.
“Seven years is a long time with no sex,” she replied. 
“Not true! I have sex all the time with that knot in that tree."
She looks him over and bends over and says, “Do you want some of this?” 
He walks around her, then picks her up and starts shaking her. 
“What the hell are you doing?” She asks.
“Just checking for squirrels.” 

Sleep.  I have found there to be a direct relationship between the amount and quality of sleep I get and the way I play. Has anyone else found this?
Replies,
Absolutely....back in November I was up all night because of my wife snoring...I shit you not...I had 13-three putts and shot 94.

Reply - How’s the divorce moving along?

Only when I don't play is my sleep seriously affected.

(Name not mentioned) plays like he’s asleep.

(Name not mentioned) bores me to sleep.

No, but always seem to play better on the back nine while on my 3rd beer.

Am I walking or driving the course...did I get blasted the night before or did I go to sleep sober...so many variables - whether I get 3 or 8 hours, it’s my mental game that either lifts or sinks me?

No, I can play equally bad either way.

When I was younger in my early 20s I was playing in the club championship and the first day I sucked. Went out that night and took some crazy things, barely slept I was too busy waving my cigarette around and watching the psychedelic trails. Went to the course didn't bother to warm up. I used my 3-wood as I didn't have my driver it was being repaired for a split neck. On the second hole, my 3-wood split down the middle. Played the rest of my round with my 4-wood. Played crazy great. I was even par going into 18 then it fell apart with a freaking double bogey. I finished in second place net!

It is hard to play in your sleep. I play better while I’m awake. 

I play better in my sleep. Can’t see the ugly with my eyes closed.

The Towel. George, a retired guy is a member of a prestigious golf club. His wife had passed away about 8 months ago. He was in the pro shop and Bill the pro asked him how he was getting along since his wife's death. 
George tells him he's feeling lonely, especially in the evenings. Bill tells him about a female member, Susan, her husband passed away about a year ago and she's feeling lonely as well and thought they should meet, "Susan's a few years younger than you but I think you guys would get along great, you're both lonely, you're both friendly and you're both wealthy. 
So, George agrees to meet Susan. Well, they get along great, playing golf, dining out, shows, travel, etc., they both love each other and decide to get married. 
A month after the wedding they are back from their honeymoon and George is in the pro shop, Bill sees him and asks him how he and his new, young wife are getting along, because of the 12 year age difference.
George tells him everything is wonderful except he can't bring his wife to orgasm. Bill tells him about another member that had the same problem a few years ago, he told this guy to buy a new golf towel, take a caddie home, and when he and his wife are having sex tell the caddie to wave the towel over them, this will help. 
George says, "Did it work?" 
“Yes,” Bill says. I think the towel helps the woman relax and therefore she enjoys sex more. 
So, George thinks it can't hurt, he buys a new golf towel and goes out to the caddie shack and sees a young caddie there and asks him if he would agree to help him, there'll be a big tip for you if you do. 
The caddie agrees and goes home with George that day. Well after dinner and a few drinks George and Susan head to the bedroom with the caddie and the towel. 
A week later George is in the pro shop and tells Bill that he's been having sex with his wife while the caddie waves the towel over them every day and it's not working. 
Bill says, "Why don't you have the caddie make love to your wife while you wave the towel?" 
So, George thinks about it and asks the caddie if he would be comfortable with that. The caddie agrees and later that evening climbs in bed with Susan while George waves the towel over them. 
After a few minutes, Susan has this earth-shattering orgasm, then two more, then the caddie does. While they are both laying there exhausted George says to the caddy, “See, that's the way you wave the towel!”

Putting Rules.  What are the rules in putting? If you have leaves are you able to remove them? Are you able to bring a small brush to clean your line?
Replies,
I just clean up anything that may be in my line...and then miss the line...so there's that.

I never clean my line. I assume any small object may knock my putt back on the line.

Remove the leaves as long as they are not attached to a tree.

I bring a handheld hoover with me. Does the job properly.

Screw a vacuum...get a leaf blower...they work awesome!!

Wife beats me. My wife beat me at golf again.  She said, "Now you have to take me somewhere I've never been before."
I said, "Try the kitchen.”
He got out of the ER a few hours ago.

A Few Trevino Quotes - You might not have heard. 
"I've been hit by lightning and been in the Marine Corps for four years. I've travelled the world and been about everywhere you can imagine. There's not anything I'm scared of except my wife."

"You can make a lot of money in this game. Just ask my ex-wives. Both are so rich that neither of their husbands work."

"One of the nice things about the Senior Tour is that we can take a cart and cooler. If your game is not going well, you can always have a picnic."

"I'm in the woods so much I can tell you which plants are edible."

More on Slow Play. Stop Taking 6 Practice Swings!!
Replies,
Then hurry up and tap in from 6 inches instead of plumb-bobbing so I can hit.

If I take more than one, I wasted my best swing.

People always ask why don’t you take a practice swing? And I always say that’s what the range is for. People who take more than one irritates the shit out of me. Either you know how to hit it, or you don’t.

We were watching some guys in front of us. They were playing a bit slow, and we were wondering why. Turns out one of the guys took 8 practice swings, stepped behind the ball, looked over his options, stood back over the ball, backed off, took two more practice swings then hit. That group let us play through on the next hole. Believe me, we were very thankful.

Who's watching my game?

Surprise.  Four amateurs are on the green of the par five 14th when out of nowhere this ball lands at the front of the green and rolls up to the hole and stops short about 6 inches from the hole. They look at each other and one player winks and gives the ball a little tap with his foot and into the hole. 
They continue to putt out and as they are walking off the green this guy comes panting up to the green and says, “Hey did you guys see my ball land around here?” And the guy that winked says, “Yeah, it landed and went straight into the hole.”
The guy looked at them in disbelief and slowly walked over to the hole looked in and said, “Wow!” Then he picked the ball up and started yelling, “Dale, Dale! You wouldn’t believe it I had an eleven! I had an eleven!”

Would you rather?  A member asked, “Would you rather have a hole in one from less than 170 yards or an Albatross from over 200?”
Replies,
Nobody ever asks, "How many albatrosses have you had!”

A par would do.

I'd just like to get through a hole without losing 3 or 4 balls!!

Walking on the grass.   The room was full of pregnant women with their husbands.  The Instructor said, "Ladies, remember that exercise is good for you. Walking is especially beneficial - it strengthens the pelvic muscles and will make delivery that much easier.   Just pace yourself, make plenty of stops and try to stay on soft surfaces, like a grass path.   
"Gentlemen, remember - you're in this together. It wouldn't hurt you to go walking with her.  In fact, that shared experience would be good for you both.”  
The room suddenly became very quiet as the men absorbed this information. After a few moments a man, name unknown, at the back of the room, slowly raised his hand.  "Yes?" said the Instructor.
"I was just wondering if it would be all right if she carries a golf bag?”
Brings a tear to your eye, doesn't it?
(THIS LEVEL OF SENSITIVITY CAN'T BE TAUGHT)

Bad Habits.   What is the one thing you do you know you shouldn’t do when teeing off but keep doing it anyway?
Replies,
Smoke lots and lots of weed.

Think.

Farting.

You know you’re not comfortable but rather than feeling stupid and stepping back, you are stupid, and you hit it, usually badly.

“Go big or go home,”  Sometimes I should just go home.

Praying.

The voice in my backswing that says, “Kill it!”

Drop my cigarette on the fertilized ground then pick it up and smoke it (everyone knows the fertilizer is the problem in this story).

Play golf.

I’m in Heaven. My oldest just asked me if I could take her to the golf course during spring break and teach her how to golf!! I am in heaven!
Replies,
Don’t ruin her life.

Are you going to be embarrassed when she beats you in her first round out?

Reply - My daughter always says, “Sorry, Dad” when she scores better than me. I always say, “Don’t ever apologize for playing well.” The ONLY - and I mean that’s the ONLY time - I enjoy having the higher score on the card!

Take the daughter but don’t teach the wife. You will never get alone time!

I have been playing with my daughter who is 9 now for the last 2 years. She gets lessons from the pro and very soon she will be beating me easily. I have 1 maybe 2 years left. I just hope she still wants to play with me when she tells me what I am doing wrong.

Did the same with my oldest when she was 14. Took her to the range and got rid of her baseball swing and took her out on the course a month or so later where she proceeded to chunk, thin, and shank nearly every shot. 

She was ready to give up until the fifth or sixth hole when she finally hit a drive pure...the look on her face was priceless. She was hooked! 

A few months later she joined her high school team (I was lucky enough to coach her team her senior year) and played two years at the junior college level. 

We still play from time to time (she’s 23 now) and I still have to work to score lower than she does. One of the best things I ever did 9 years ago, taking her out to the course with me when she “just wanted to drive the cart.” Enjoy your time with your daughter.

Key to a Good Marriage. Some say the key to a good marriage is to laugh together, cry together, strive together, do stuff together - like a round of golf on a Sunday afternoon. 


If you’re interested in the Facebook group “Golf Jokes and Stories” the link is below, and it’s a lot of fun.

Golf Jokes and Stories  
https://www.facebook.com/groups/golfjokesandstories



A Final Message
We hope you enjoyed this book. If you liked it, please take a minute to leave a short review. Thank you very much.
TeamGolfwell.com

