.  

Green Expectations
Edward Drobinski

Copyright © 2013 Edward M. Drobinski. All rights reserved.

Chapter 1

	Spring went into reverse gear, in most crowds referred to as the fall. Summer trees resisted at differing rates, some elms browning out days before stronger, better watered ones. But they all eventually gave in to the constant barrage of dry cold air. Pines demonstrated the strength and adaptability of their soft wood, remaining green after shedding a few superfluous needles. Rabbits scurried about, seeming to be desperately searching for something that was no longer part of their world. Blackbirds descended in gangs, scavenging the remaining grounded apples carelessly ignored by the pickers. A lone Broad-Winged Hawk circled low, content for now to mirthfully view the forms he could easily terminate whenever the mood struck him. Baseball’s winners readied for their next big game while the losers disappeared from sight and memory. 

LAST WEEK OF 2012 SEASON – 9-25-12 - NEW JERSEY MEADOWLANDS
     “Go back to hockey infested Toronto, puck head,” screamed the fat fortyish man with the black mustache and goatee sitting behind the dugout. “My eight year old girl can pitch better than you.”
	Another day’s work for thirty-three year old Dave Nelson had ended early after the seventh run scored in the second inning, with two more potentials left on base with no outs. He wasn’t feeling particularly bad, but was more than a trifle resigned. This must have been at least the three hundredth time he experienced an early removal in his eleven year Major League career. His head was properly to the ground, trying to look sorry or something that would tell the fans that he felt awful. They required it.
	“Send this Canadian to the Mapleleafs,” continued Mr. Behind the Dugout. With many empty seats available other fans moved away from him, either afraid that the spittle running from his contorted face might get on them or that he was capable of imminent violence, like a tractionless hockey fight. This was the first game of the season ending home stand against the perennial league doormat, the Washington (as in DC) Senators. The New Jersey Crows were 75-84 and mathematically out of the playoffs for a month; mentally after the tenth game.
	Dave reached the foul line and still hadn’t heard Mr. Behind’s assessment. He was thinking about whether he should call baseball lovers, Joan or Barbara. 
	“You ain’t got the speed of a camel, you loser.” 
	Fifteen feet from the dugout Dave detected movement in the stands and looked up for the first time. Other fans were kind of circling around the critic, not sure whether they were coming or going. Some laughed.
	“Hey, hey, Dave the Rave. Who ever raved about you? The other team?”
	Dave had heard joking insults since he was a kid and only got upset when it was personal. This wasn’t. It was just business as usual.
	“You, you, you ....... pitiful nuck,” came the insistent bellow from the irate man who now was dripping saliva from his chin to his dark gray Crows overpriced windbreaker. “Check this foreigner for a green card.” 
	Dave smiled and eyed the man he found comical in his exuberance. However, he was also irritated at again being called foreign when he was born and raised ten miles from this stadium. He was drafted and played his first seven years for the Toronto Lumberjacks, went free agent and came home to New Jersey. But, that didn’t stop his many detractors from calling him a Canadian, either out of ignorance or in trying to be upsetting. Though he hadn’t done it since he was a kid, something compelled him to answer this time. As he started the three steps down, he widely opened his right eye with his right middle finger and said; “At least I wasn’t dumb enough to pay to see this bullshit.” Cameras flashed and he tipped his hat. 
	Bobby Preston was sitting at the edge, on the dugout’s top step, with a broad grin on his cool and amused black face. He said; “Hey, hey, Dave, man, I think you’re his favorite.”
	Dave considered Bobby his best friend on the team. He was also a pitcher who’d been around a while and they had talked together a lot; by the minimal standards of baseball. He said; “I don’t know what anybody expects from me. The home plate umpire, what’s his name, oh yeah; Bertolucci can’t see the corners, so I’m comin’ right in with this mediocre stuff.”
	Bobby scratched the back of his neck and turned his head to the field where Rip Fitzgerald was warming up. “I’m glad you got the start today. That’s taking one for the team.”
	Dave punched Bobby’s non-pitching shoulder and said; “You are a lucky devil. Wonder how much this is gonna mess up my numbers?”
	In an incredulous falsetto voice Bobby returned; “Your numbers were messed before the day started.”
	Dave and Bobby sat on the bench. Dave had another three years remaining on a seven year, three million per contract and wasn’t financially concerned. He wanted to joke with Bobby for a while before he showered. Besides, he wasn’t out there long enough to work up much of a sweat. “I knew I was in trouble right away. My first pitch must have caught two inches of plate and he goes; ‘Baw.’ Can’t even say ‘ball’ right.”
	“You know he always has that tiny strike zone.”  
	“Yeah, but today it’s the size of the buck he squeezes like a tube of toothpaste.”
	“Everybody’s not rich like you, Mister Gates.”
	“Oh, hell. Half the jerks in this league make more than me. Did you know that Manny Cardillo, that no-power, .220 hitting second baseman on Baltimore makes five million a year? Five million US smackers. He can probably buy his home town and three of its neighbors.”
	“Great fielder.”
	“Anybody can be a great fielder up here. Perfect grounds. Never a bad hop. I’d like to see what he could do on the rock quarries I played on as a kid.”
	“Maybe you should have played the field.”
	“I hit .120.”
	“Any power?”
	“Yeah, it’s coming out right now.” Dave stood up, bent over slightly and a sound something like “Phrrputputbah” was heard. He slapped Bobby’s thigh and said; “I’m getting out of here,” and started his trek to the locker room.
	They heard the crowd make its largest roar of the day. It sounded like someone turned on the dryer. Dave saw that the new pitcher, Rip Fitzgerald, a thirty-eight year old mop-up man, had already had his fill with Bertolucci and had walked halfway to the plate. Note: A mop-up man is a pitcher who enters the game in an almost certain loss situation, wherein the team doesn’t want to waste the arms of its regular pitchers, but has to finish a game, such as when they are losing 7-0 in the second inning.
	His middle finger was pointed to the heavens and he was yelling something indecipherable; either because of the appliance-level din or the fact that Rip didn’t get his name due to his hitting prowess; he liked his J&B. Rocco Bertolucci had taken off his mask and walked toward the mound. 
	Dave turned around and said; “See. Rip’s had it already.”
	Bobby replied; “Rip had it before the game started.”
	Bertolucci yelled; “You wanna get thrown out of the game?”
	Rip said; “Trow me out, you cockeye focker.”
	“What was that?”
	“Trow me out, you cockass soccer.”
	“You sayin’ what I think you’re sayin’?”
	“You can tink? God damn. Can you tink as gid as you can see?” 
	Bertolucci defiantly got in Rip’s face and with rancid ravioli breath said; “One more word and you’re outta here.”
	Rip didn’t care as he was retiring from baseball in a few days, mostly because of a dearth of offers. The buzz in his head gave him the courage of Superman and he wanted to go out with something he’d be remembered for other than his lifetime 22-63 won-loss record and 7.36 ERA. This was his moment and his world was spinning. He yelled; “Ka-zoo-kah,” and vomited a stream into Bertolucci’s face, the velocity of which, put his best fastball to shame. Bertolucci turned away, furiously wiping his face. Rip fell to his knees, in what later years he would describe as a praying position and puked his guts out. He frequently called out; “Plis god, I’ll never do it, oh shit, boolyayup, again; boolyayup, boolyayup. Oh, God.” When he passed out he wound up in a highly religious Middle-eastern near horizontal position, face immersed in the chunky holy water.
	Technically, he never got thrown out of the game as the medics carried his righteous body from the field on a stretcher, thinking a van ride to the hospital a waste. Bertolucci completed wiping his face and chest protector with the catcher’s cap.
	As, Rip, the wounded hero actually pitched no-hit ball for his brief stint, the fat fortyish man with the black mustache and goatee, wanted to show that he had, indeed gotten his money’s worth. He stood up and made slow deliberate hand claps, nodding and looking from his fellow fans to the stretcher. He upped his rate of applause and the other fans joined him either out of appreciation for the short no-hitter, fear, or some silly need to appear socially supportive.
	Dave applauded the body as it passed through the dugout and said; “What a way to go. What a perfect way to go. I hope somebody’s got this on tape for his family. Rip, you are my hero.”
	Bobby gave a few claps, nodded his head appreciatively and said; “Not bad. Not bad at all.”
	They stood in silence for one minute with their caps held over their hearts in deference to the great one. Bertolucci yelled; “Play ball.”
	Dave said; “Oh, man. I’m inspired. I’m gonna call it a day and hit the shower.” He got up and started walking when he heard; “No you ain’t Nelson. You got more to do.” He recognized the gravelly, over-demanding voice to be that of Charlie Sanders, the manager. Dave reluctantly turned thinking that the little man was going to order him to stay in the park for the duration of the game.
	Dave looked down at Charlie and facetiously said; “What will I be doing, chief?” Most players didn’t tolerate much crap from Charlie as they considered him more useless than an armless ballboy and likely not to be back next year. Charlie was credited as having been the founder of the “Sanders School of Hitting,” an approach wherein the batter stood as far away from the plate as the batter’s box allows, then stepped his front foot toward it as far as necessary to get the good wood on the pitch. The problem was that the only hitter successful with this stance was Rogers Hornsby and he retired in 1937 with a .358 lifetime average, long before Charlie was born. He pointed up with one thumb and said; “Boss wants to see you upstairs pronto.”
	“Can I shower first?”
	“No.”
	“Can I change into regular shoes? I don’t want the spikes to mess up his plushy carpet.”
	“Take ‘em off in the hall and go in with socks.”
	“Yazzuh.” Dave made a rolling genuflection and followed orders as usual. He went off singing; “That’s entertainment,” and wondering if he should put his stinking feet on the General Manager’s desk.
	Dave took the elevator to the press box. This was not his first choice, but was the only way to the GM’s office. He tried to duck through the dimly lit room, but the clop-clop of his spikes woke up the preying beasts. His biggest single mass media detractor, Chucky Deletrimian, turned from his perched and vicious eagle’s vantage point, five stories over home plate and said; “Hey, it’s All-Star Dave Nelson in the flesh. To what do we owe this condescension to the poor representatives of the public?” He got up from his roost and slowly walked toward Dave, with a malicious grin on his lined, gray face.
	Chucky’s lesser companion buzzards turned for a second and briefly made quarter-hearted waves in Dave’s general direction, some off as much as Bertolucci’s strike zone. They quickly went back to their cigars, beer and hot dogs with their butts on “affordable” chairs lining the dirty window under the overhang. The shade from the overcast and overhung afternoon created the appearance of a smoky cloud carrying bits and pieces of sluggishly moving dust. The tiny particles were highlighted in blurred rays emanating from the table lamps residing on the window length table in front of the press corps in the thirty by ten foot room.
	“Just passin’ through, Chucky. I wouldn’t want to disturb the hard work of the people’s informants.”
	Chucky got next to Dave making his eight inch height disadvantage to the six foot three ballplayer obvious. He wasn’t intimidated and actually reveled in his perceived role of David meeting a vanquished Goliath. He looked down and spit out some of his cigar tobacco. He licked his lips when he looked back up into Dave’s face, grinning as if he were displaying a Queen high straight flush. He said; “We’ve got you on tape, champ.”
	Dave wasn’t surprised and he also wasn’t thinking of much more than Joan and Barbara’s assets, absently musing about whether he preferred the look of a cornfield in full bloom or one yet to sprout. It was amazing how both varieties got excited staring at a fountainhead of well-handled green. He grimaced and shrugged, saying; “I’ve been on tape all my baseball life,” then added; “What’s new?”
	“Got something enormous, this time. Calling America’s pastime bullshit. Shameful.” His head must have overheated in his contained excitement as two of the seventeen strands of hair he oiled and brushed straight back marginally popped up.
	Dave got the gist of Chucky’s unusual glee and decided to do the smart thing; deny and act dumb. He solemnly said; “No way, little man. You’re just angling for something interesting to write, for a change.”
	Chucky meandered back to his affordable throne while he said; “We’ll see what the fans have to say about this one, ace.”
	Up until now Dave’s best guess as to why the GM requested his presence was that he was going to resurrect his fruitless periodic discussions of how he found some violation of his long term contract and try to get him to stupidly sign something. “Jeez,” he thought as he started up the vaguely lit stairs. “There’s nothing in my contract about using foul language, but there is something about upholding the sanctity of the game. I may have committed a sacrilege.” Dave assumed he was going to be recorded or videotaped, so he sat on the third step and tried to formulate a plan. Thoughts of cornfields became of importance to farmers as he gave priority to the well-handled green; twelve million more of the dirty little crispies yet to come if he hadn’t plugged the supply chute with his mouth. Dave considered his options. He thought; “I can say nothing, but that will only allow the wound to fester, perhaps to the point of amputation. Exactly what did I say; something about the fans being stupid enough to pay to see this bullshit. No, not exactly. Yeah. ‘At least I wasn’t dumb enough to pay to see this bullshit.’ Pretty bad.” He concentrated the way a good player does on the field.
	“The largest objection has to be to calling baseball bullshit. ......... I didn’t say that. I said ‘this bullshit.’ I could say I was referring to my pitching performance. It definitely was bullshit ...... Of course, with the help of Bertolucci. Irrelevant in this situation. Now how about ‘I wasn’t dumb enough to pay?’ Could be a poor way of saying that the fans ought to get their money back? Maybe. I’ll go with that. It’s harmless. Who can say for sure what was really in my head? Only my father thinks he can and he’s not here.”	
	With a rookie’s adrenaline rush flip flopping with his initial awe of the stars, Dave climbed the stairs and forcefully knocked at the darkly stained, heavy, wooden door with the iron placard, which read; “THOMAS C. BARROWS,” and below that; “GENERAL MANAGER,” in raised black letters. He heard a familiar, though not immediately obvious female voice say in a high pitched, annoyed manner; “Who’s there?”
	Expecting the businesslike sound of Barrows saying; “Come in,” Dave all of a sudden became amused and precisely at the wrong time. He quickly thought; “Barrows demanded my presence urgently, so he must want to show me that some chick is in his office.” He answered; “Dave ...... Dave Nelson, sir ...... ma’am. Whatever.”
	He heard someone clear their throat and that same vaguely recognizable female voice lowly mutter; “Oh, no.” Then Barrows bellowed; “Come in.”
	Dave slowly opened the door, popped his head in first and almost laughed when he saw the body belonging to the seemingly hurried female voice. He walked in with a broad grin and said; “I was just thinking about you. Barbara, what are you doing here?”
	As she brushed by him, adjusting her over-extended mini-skirt on the way out, she purred; “Business as usual,” licked her index finger and put it to his lips.
	Dave chuckled as he asked; “Should I call you?”
	Barbara shrugged, made a half smile and left.
	Dave smiled at the fiftyish, fat, bald man behind the darkly stained, oak veneer desk and said; “Know Barbara, Barrows?”
	Barrows never liked being called by his last name, unless somebody put Mister in front of it or they were giving him money. He had previously told this to Dave, but it resulted in being called Tommy, which he liked even less. So, he ignored the remark and said; “Have a seat, Nelson,” which was his customary, detached way of greeting his four million dollar hurler.
	Dave scratched the back of his neck and sat.
	Barrows leaned forward and said; “You did something more stupid than usual today. It puts the team and your contract in jeopardy.”
	Dave crossed his legs, made wide munchkin eyes and said; “Pray tell what that might be?”
	“Come on! What you said to the paying fan.”  
	Dave grimaced, looked at the floor and answered; “The bullshit stuff?” He looked at Barrows and feigning disgust added; “I’ll issue an apology. All right.” He rose from his chair as if he was prepared to leave and Barrows shook his head “No.” He revealed real joy saying; “Don’t try to bluff me. It’s a lot more serious than that.”
	Dave sat back down and derisively said; “What?”
	Barrows plugged a USB device into his desk computer and pointed to the wall screen. Here was Dave making his exit, advertising how many innings he had completed and clearly saying to someone; “At least I wasn’t dumb enough to pay to see this bullshit.”
	Dave saw no more point in playing around and said; “So, what? My performance was bullshit and in the moment I didn’t think that anyone should have paid to see it.”
	Barrows calmly raised his eyebrows and said; “Could be interpreted as saying something detrimental of the team and the game, which is expressly forbidden in your contract.”
	“That’s a reach and you know it, Barrows.”
	Barrows extended his arms to the sides, palms up and said; “Reach or not, I consider it grounds to curtail payments under your long term contract.”
	Though Dave had considered this possibility, he had never previously fully admitted it to himself. The words shocked him as if an MD had said he had 90 days to live. He blustered; “You’ve been trying to renege on my contract for some time now and this is just the same old crap.”
	Barrows stood up and walked to the door. He held it open as he said; “I think this meeting is over. You can go home. Your season is over.” 
	Dave went to the door where Barrows held a piece of paper out to him. He took it angrily and scanned it to see that it was a black and white articulation of what he had just been told. For a second he was tempted to show his disdain and tear it up, but he knew papers were more important than anything else in 2012. He stormed through the press area, oblivious to comments, only hearing the snide tone of sneering Chucky.
	The locker room was desolate and monotonously so. He could hear the air conditioner sigh as it blew in more stale zephyrs of plasticized breathing material. The top louvered, side by side, dark green, metal clothing compartments dominated the room in drabness. Dave sat on the backless, polyurethaned, wooden bench and had three thoughts. He felt strange in the dim silence as he was accustomed to the room being dominated by loud, confident, often joking voices, lockers clanging and people rushing off to their post-game activities, oblivious to the surroundings they took for granted. Dave wondered if he would ever see the place, that he had never previously noticed as desolate, monotonous and drab, again. And how would he break the news to Lucretia, his wife of four years?
	He did what any athlete is trained to do in a clutch situation. He tumbled the combination lock, opened his locker door, retrieved his cell phone and called his attorney.

Chapter 2

	Two appropriately concise rings later Dave was greeted by a just-out-of-high-school, female voice, attempting to sound efficient, friendly and helpful at the same time, like a cheerleader; “Law Awfices of Peter Jaffe.” (Pronounced jaffy). “May I help yoo-ew?”
	“Hi, Marsha. This is Dave Nelson. Is the man available?” Dave knew that she was always favorably impressed with him. She either thought that it was a big deal to make idle chit-chat with someone famous or she was glad to hear it wasn’t another of Peter’s DWI clients, the mainstay of his practice.
	“Oh, hi Dave. How are you today?”
	“Okay, Marsha. How are you?”
	“Just great. You know, I saw you pitch last week and I thought you did just fine. Those TV commentators and umpires don’t know what they’re doing.”
	Dave recalled his last outing when he made it to the fifth inning before being yanked. He had no idea of what the TV commentary was, but he remembered taking two steps toward the dugout in the fifth when he thought a taken two strike pitch caught a lot of plate for the third out. Cassady, who had a large plate up until then, called it ball three, and gave him that look of defiance, as umpires hate when you do that. So he came right in with a fastball and Jackson smacked it off the left center wall on one hop. It cleared the bases and it was the end of his strenuous exercise for the day. Dave said; “Thanks, Marsha. You’re my ...... biggest fan.” He almost said “only,” but caught himself at the last moment.
	“Hold on a second, okay.”
	“Okay.”
	“He’s got a client right now. But, I’ll get him to pick up. It’s just one of those drunks.”
	Dave held for what seemed like five minutes, then he heard Peter’s hurried voice; “Dave, you’ve got two minutes.” 
	Dave heard a surge of water which ended in a gurgle. He said; “Don’t tell me you got one of those stupid fountains.”
	“I’m sitting in the hallway toilet and the guy next to me just flushed. I was with the Mayor of Parsippany and the only good way to break away was to tell him that I had to desperately hit the head. I hope the hell he didn’t follow me. One minute.”
	“Major trouble. The team has cancelled my contract.”
	“What grounds?”
	“I said ‘bullshit’ to a fan.”
	“Big deal.”
	“That’s what I thought, too. But, it gets into interpretation.”
	“How many ways can you interpret ’bullshit?’”
	“Well, it’s in the context of a sentence.”
	“Are you on the road?”
	“No, we’re at home.”
	“Well, drive over here.” Peter hung up.
	Dave was amused. He pictured Peter sitting on the public pot, wondering if his pants were up or down. He visualized him returning to the drunken mayor and wondered if the dignitary was belligerent. He had known Peter all his life. They were the same age and lived their childhoods three blocks apart, going to the same grammar and high school. Dave’s mother had often said that Peter was the dumbest kid in school during their grammar school days and this seemed to solidify Dave’s feeling of kinship for Peter as when his mother wasn’t saying that about Peter, she was saying it about him. Besides, Dave always thought his mother was wrong about everything; and worse, very vocally so.
	Dave did what was suitable for public meetings. He showered and combed his longish black hair. Admiring himself in the wall length mirror above a congregation of sinks, he thought he was a throwback to Dennis Eckersley; at least on the top of his head. He put on an almost new pair of blue jeans and a gray Crows shirt with his number, thirteen, on the back. He favored this topping for public outings as no one thought that a real baseball player would be caught dead in a cheesy, overpriced fan’s shirt. It virtually ensured that no one would ask him if he was a player. Because experience had taught him that if he was asked and he told them yes and who, he would always get that grimace and a reply of; “Oh.” He considered that rude and he didn’t like to disappoint little kids face to face.
	He walked out the player’s clearly marked entrance and went to his recent model black BMW. A group of pre-teens were excitedly jumping around waiting to get autographs on the day’s scorecard, the excess supply of which was given away free after the third inning. A boy of about ten called out; “Are you anybody?”
	Dave said; “No,” and started his fifteen minute drive to Peter’s office. He turned on the radio to an oldie’s station, feeling it fitting today and smiled as he listened to Traffic sing a medley of their excellent non-top-40-hits. He parked in the sparsely populated, elevated lot of what appeared to be a suburban mall sprawling upward, actually a “professional” office plaza. Construction was commenced before the bust of 2008, so dog groomers and hair stylists joined the professional ranks, with more innovations yet to come as the buildings were still half empty, a tribute to innovative American capitalism. 
	While he waited for the elevator he thought of Marsha. She always treated him as if he were Roger Clemens and he couldn’t help but wonder if she was being playfully satirical in her pronounced adulation. In person it made him feel uneasy. Sure, every major league ballplayer, when in high school, was expected to be the next Walter Johnson or Babe Ruth, truly one in a million. Most believed it themselves until they played against other pro prospects, but most fans took their abilities for granted, thinking that they, too, were capable of doing what an average, overpaid pro does.
	He entered the empty, chrome lined elevator, seeing countless distorted images of himself, pushed the “3” button and he was on his way to the top floor. The soft whirr of the machine let him know what refrigerated lunch meat experiences; hearing that constant, unremarkable drone and feeling the numbing chill, incapable of freezing, but sufficient to induce cool preservation.
	He entered the first door on the left and Marsha literally jumped out of her seat. Dave sheepishly smiled and said; “Marsha, I hope you never meet anyone really good or you’ll get a concussion from the ceiling.”
	Marsha walked around the desk to greet him wearing a tight pink blouse and a white, knee length skirt. She bashfully touched his forearm and said; “Dave, you’re always so gloomy. If you weren’t married I’d cheer you up.”
	Dave appreciated the flattery of the nineteen year old, shapely bubble. He raised one eyebrow and replied; “I’m getting a divorce. That’s why I’m here. I know this little Italian place, not far from here ......”
	She held his hand when she cut him off saying; “Sweet talker. I know why you’re here. I saw it on the internet. So, follow me into Mr. Jaffe’s office.” She led him through the open door where Peter was sitting behind his desk, feet resting on a bottom opened drawer with his hands clasped behind his head, watching Rip Fitzgerald being carried from the field. She said; “It’s Mr. Nelson,” turned and left as Peter revolved toward him.
	Peter energetically rose and extended his hand. They shook hands and Dave took a seat. Peter re-sat, shook his head and said; “Can’t even be the big news when you stupidly get into trouble.”
	Dave had no problem with being called stupid by an old friend, especially when that was precisely how he felt when he wasn’t comfortably numb. He made a snort of a laugh, extended his arms to the sides and sighed. He said; “That was the greatest closer I ever saw.”
	“I saved the film on the computer to show my kiddies when they get interested in sports. I saw and heard your part too. You just had to go and say something, didn’t you? You know how badly they want an excuse to cancel your contract.”
	Dave furrowed his brows, still felt stupid and said; “If I had any brains I would have been a lawyer. The question is; ‘What are you going to do about it?’”
	“The question is what I’ve already done about it.” He pushed a few computer keys and the wall screen displayed a message. It said; “I apologize to all the good fans for my frustrated use of an objectionable word. The statement, itself was an overly competitive response to a dismal performance. I was trying to convey that I thought it unfair that fans have to pay their hard earned money to be shown something this poor. I’m sorry for the outburst and the bad show.”
	Peter said; I’ve already released that to the press, the team, the league and certain baseball web sites.”
	“Fantastic.”
	“I’ve filed a demand for payment with the team and a request for review by the arbitration board and league management.”
	“You’re beautiful, Peter. Should I just go home?”
	“No, no, no. Go to the rest of the games. Suit up and shut up.”
	“How will we do?”
	“I think we’ll win. Worst case, something unexpected happens and we’ll settle for two of the three years coming salary.”
	Four million dollar loss was what registered with Dave and he squealed; “What?”
	“Just kidding. They have no case. They probably did this to see if you would say more stupidity and give them one. So assume everyone you talk to is wearing a recording device, including your wife and mommy, and stick to the weather and baseball’s been very very good to me crap.”
	“You’re still mad at my mother for saying you were stupid in grammar school.”
	Peter wrinkled his brow and made a second grader’s grimace before saying; “Yes. And if you get one of these silly compulsions to tell the truth call me. Privileged conversation; inadmissible.” He stood up to indicate the meeting’s end, quickly joined by Dave. They shook hands at the door and Peter said; “Be careful. All you glory guys wind up dead.”
	Dave nodded and as he walked away was compelled to have the last word, saying; “I guess everyone else lives forever.” 
	Peter’s bristle squared the shoulders of his Brooks Brothers, off-the-rack, pinstriped dark suit. He thought about the security of his ten percent cut for negotiating the contract, wishing that he had the power to render Dave mute.
	Marsha heard Dave coming and when he reached her desk she was standing with a goo-goo eyed grin on her round face. She nervously brushed back her wine colored long hair, simultaneously jiggling her tightly covered breasts. Dave said; “I really did talk to Peter about getting a divorce.” He looked at his wristwatch and continued; “You must be getting off soon and that Italian place ......”
	Marsha clucked her lips and said; “You better be careful. Someday somebody’s going to take you up on that stuff.”
	Dave wondered how she could read his mind. He said; “See ‘ya Marsha,” and kept walking.
	When he reached the hall door she called out; “Hey, Dave.”
	Dave stopped and turned to her. She said; “Do you remember a week ago when you were pitching to Ramirez with two on base and two out and he hit a liner down the left field line bringing in both of them? Why did you throw him a two strike curveball? He always shortens his swing in that situation. You should have blasted him with the hard one.”
	Dave laughed and said; “Everybody’s a critic. Actually I have three reasons why I went with the breaker. Ramirez is one of the best hitters the game has ever seen, so I figure he’s going to make contact. I didn’t want to risk him nailing a fastball and hitting it out, so I threw the sinking breaker hoping he’d ground it somewhere. He’s also a smart hitter who knows I like to throw the fastball with two strikes, so I tried to out-think him. You may recall that the count was 3-2 and I didn’t want to walk him, loading the bases for their power guy. I actually control the breaker better than I do the hard one.”
	Marsha didn’t understand the purported logic and had stopped listening somewhere around “three reasons.” She shook her head negatively and said; “You really shouldn’t try to over-complicate things.”
	Dave raised his eyebrows and observed the dropped tile ceiling. He said; “Okay, I’ve got a fourth reason.”
	Marsha winced.
	Dave said; “No, no. You’ll like this. And it’s true. Greg (the catcher) called for the breaker and he really gets pissed when I shake him off.”
	“See, I knew it wasn’t your fault.”
	Dave briefly considered another lengthy explanation, but decided that it was easier to agree with Marsha. He said; “Right,” and left.

Chapter 3

	Dave drove to the one bedroom Weehawken condo which he purchased four years ago when he signed to play with the Crows. At the time it was advertised as having a Hudson River view, but since then high rise construction at river’s edge has all but obliterated any sightings of the black water. Dave found it useful as it was fifteen minutes to the stadium and over an hour from his parent’s apartment in Bayonne; far enough away to discourage pop-in visits.
	He parked his black BMW in the lined parking lot behind the five story building in one of the two special spaces reserved for him. His 5C designation was an open exhibition of his condo status. Two bedroom units commanded three spaces and three bedrooms four. Still, he felt privileged to be on the top floor, where no one could dance on his head at 1AM.
	He was surprised to get an empty elevator as it was near rush hour. The place was a flurry of activity for two hours in the morning and evening, when the bulk of the residents were going to or coming back from their 9-5 Manhattan jobs. He glanced at his watch and saw that he must have beaten the PM flow of strangers by ten minutes.
	He opened the double locked door and flicked the switch, which sent measly light into the living room from two adjustable black lamps. They provided the only illumination the room had ever seen, the bedroom and kitchen having the windows. Initially, Dave considered this an egregious architectural error, but now he thought the designer’s abilities insightful as the view of the roofs of a few old houses, the high rise parking lots and the high rise’s fat behind were not compelling. Or, maybe he was just lucky. 
	He dropped his bag and flopped on the L-shaped couch which lined half of two walls. He was attracted to it years ago because its darkish green color reminded him of Astroturf. He pushed the TV controller on button. Mainstream news entered the screen with a distraught, fortyish, former pretty boy with a severe case of New York lockjaw at the center of the screen. He was saying; “The only way to describe the situation is chaos and panic,” as he stood surrounded by Ivy League men with ties undone and the two top buttons of their white shirts open. They were fidgeting with laptops and seemed oblivious to the cameras amidst a floor strewn with crumpled papers. “Jeff Gold reporting here from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. The selloff started at the 10AM opening bell, dropping the Dow 700 points in the first half hour of trading. A midday recovery was swamped by furious selling near closing, ending the day down 1,200 points. Hey, hey, Sid. Can I have a few moments?”
	A man who looked much like the shell shocked rest ambled over, nervously scanning north, south, east and west for the next bomb. Jeff put his arm around Sid’s shoulder, not as a sign of friendship, but in an attempt to hold the man, who looked as if he was a late stage Parkinson’s patient, momentarily still. Jeff said; “This is Sid Weinstein, Chief Trader at Parente and Simpson. Sid, thanks for your time.” Sid watched the floor and nodded violently like a relief pitcher being given last minute instructions from the manager. Jeff asked; “Can you tell our viewers what happened today?” Sid didn’t change his posture and rattled off; “Weakness in international banks spread to other sectors. Short profit taking middle of the day. Investor panic, mutual fund redemptions, caused more selling at the end.” Jeff had no follow up and said; “Thanks, Sid,” who did his relief pitcher bit again and lurched off camera. Jeff said; “Well, there you have it. This is Jeff Gold from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Back to you, Tracy.” 
	Tracy Fullbright, a perennially smiling, soccer mom appeared alone on screen in the studio. Unlike her two predecessors, she sat calmly behind her huge desk, either because her grin masked that she didn’t have the slightest idea of what was going on or she had her money in annuities. She said; “Jeff, Jeff, before you go; what caused the bank weakness?” Jeff came back on screen with his finger apparently attempting to get somewhere into his ear. He said; “That’s a good question, Tracy. ......... Perhaps more sellers than buyers.” Having taken a few Finance courses in college, Tracy tried to remain polite, but at the same time obtain a better answer. She minced words carefully, saying; “Well, Jeff. Thanks for your usual insight into the matter. But, have you heard any of the traders speak about why this perception changed today?” The camera went back to Jeff who momentarily appeared successful with his ear implant operation, only to have the tiny projectile fall to the floor with the rest of the papers he fumbled. As he bent over and manically maneuvered to retrieve the apparatus in the midst of quickly moving feet, the camera went back to Tracy. Her wide eyes, pupils north, smile deficient, quizzical round face betrayed her “warm and fuzzy” TV personae. She pointed her right index finger at her upper chest, perhaps breasts, nodded and then said; “That’s Jeff Gold, our financial maven, direct from the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. We hope to hear more from him after the technical problems are corrected.” Though the words of her last sentence were of the declarative category, her phrasing made it sound as if it was more of a question. Back on track, she smiled and chirped; “After a word from our sponsors, we’ll have a live interview with Judith Saunders. You may recall that Ms. Saunders survived an attack by two alligators in the Everglades. She’s here to tell us her story.” The camera panned away showing Ms. Saunders sitting at the other end of the large desk, stump up on it, attempting to correctly re-install one of her leg prostheses.
	Deciding that he wanted to more “alternative,” but hopefully not “avant-garde,” Dave pushed a complicated series of controller buttons and got a public access channel run out of a curtained basement in Waco. The host-moderator, a sixtyish man in a baseball cap and an overall ZZ Top appearance ignored the other person present, whose head was surrounded by a black ski mask, focused his bloodshot eyeballs on the camera and with no inflection slowly said; “We cancelled our interview with PJ Rogers to bring up somethin’ more of the moment. PJ, I hope those aliens don’t take yah for good before we can get back to yah, buddy. We got for yah a man whose name and identity must remain anonymous, so I’ll just call him ‘Ski.’ Ski, tell us why the market crashed today.”
	Ski confidently said; “Al Qaeda, man. Simple as that. Homeland Security, where I used to work leaked that the organization has targeted another major US facility. Of course they all shorted the market pre-leak.”
	“How do you know all this?”
	“I told you. I used to work there and I’ve still got some friends. My life is in danger saying this, but hell, the people have the right to know. They play games with information at the public’s expense. It’s all going to come out in my new book; ‘Underneath the Underground.’ Publishers can reach me at ...”       
	Dave pushed one simple button; off. He decided that he’d even rather hear Lucretia. He dialed the number of their mutually shared Tewksbury house. After one short ring he heard the sharp female voice; “What is wrong with you?”
	He always liked her inclination for getting quickly to the point. He answered; “You’ve got that much time?”
	“Tell your psychiatrist. He gets paid to listen to all that crap.”
	Dave did not visit a psychiatrist; at least not yet. He tried to respond in kind, so he smugly replied in a manner designed to “humorously” repel the attack, saying; “So do you.”
	Lucretia didn’t want to get off on the well-worn tangent a direct response would revive. It wasn’t her strong suit. As she drummed her fingers on the granite kitchen counter she adopted her strained calm voice and said; “Okay, let’s start over ......”  
	Fun over and with no desire to start over, Dave cut her off and rattled; “I was stupid. Jackass pissed me off. I’ve already been to Jaffe’s. He’s filed papers all over the place and he says they have no case.”
	Lucretia was silent. Dave said; “Jaffe told me to stick to the weather and what a great game baseball is. I intend to follow his advice. Okay?”
	Lucretia mumbled something incoherent, then finally said; “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but I’m beginning to get the idea. I’m referring to your investment expertise. Did you see what the market did today?”
	Dave thought; “Oh, shit. Opened my big mouth again.” He soon realized that it didn’t matter as she was sure to find out about his baseball exploits anyway. “Might as well kill two birds with one stone.” He sarcastically answered; “As a matter of fact, I didn’t. I was just calling to say how much I miss you and that we’ll be together in a few more days.”
	“Save that for some dumb bimbo. The market fell ten percent and OUR portfolio is off twelve. That’s outperforming in the wrong direction. What happened?”
	Dave affected a mock scholarly tone and said; “I’m very glad you asked that good question. Though the vagaries of the Dow have perplexed the greatest of minds, I have it on excellent authority that today’s retreat was engineered by our crack Homeland Security Department. They leaked in select places that Al-Qaeda was imminently planning another attack on the US. The leakers went short and cashed in.”
	“Well, I don’t care. I heard that there were more sellers than buyers. I’m putting everything in treasuries.”
	Dave winced and didn’t want to open the buyer-seller box. He said; “Well, I don’t care either. You asked. But, you always do this. First sign of weakness and you bail. When everybody says things are wonderful you buy. The net result is that you buy high and sell low.”
	“I’m selling right now. And regarding that other stuff; I’ll call Jaffe myself.”
	Dave was set to tell the story straight as when she calls Jaffe he gets pissy with him, but she hung up. He re-dialed the number and it was busy.
	Dave thought; “No sense in chasing now. She’s made up her and our mind. Actually, treasuries aren’t bad. Can’t lose. ...... Well, that is if they’re short term. You can lose plenty if they’re long term. Shit. If they were long term they’d be called treasury bonds. Maybe she used the wrong parlance. Doesn’t matter anyway. She’s going to do what she’s going to do. I have got to get some control over my life. I first remember thinking that at age twelve. Only twenty-one years have elapsed. Still plenty of time.”

	With no work on the docket for the remainder of the season, Dave chose to pursue one of his childhood goals; to join a millionaire men’s club. His early viewings of “Twilight Zone” episodes made the endeavor seem quite attractive. Serenity; excellent manners; servants on call, but without the hovering; eccentric people; practicality disdained; and an abundance of unique games seemed the way to go. He decided to take Peter’s advice and repose in the dugout. Dave suited up for the rest of the end-of-season home stand. It required a number of contentious discussions and agitated phone calls, but he was triumphant in being allowed to occupy one corner of the dugout; fortunately the one furthest from the frenzied activity of the nouveau bat rack. The other players received instructions to act as if he wasn’t there. Dave found this amusing in a silly way and while he didn’t say anything he contented himself with making childish faces when he thought that he may have caught an errant peek. He became adept at external tongue positions, slack jaw deviations and crossing his eyes.
	The experience was an enlightening one. For the first time he paid full attention to the game, which he viewed with only minor impediment. The chain link fence lining the dugout, which protects the endorsement minded pros on cell phones from wayward foul balls, appeared to be sacrificing banal clarity in the pursuit of making some nouvelle vague, après-garde, parallelistic statement about terrorism, very 50’s in approach with a 40’s subject matter. The lime, vertically paneled walls displayed only one work of art; a photo of Madame Psychosis adorned in leather bikini and open jacket, apparently ripped from “15 Magazine.” Dave thought that Marilyn Monroe would have been more fitting. At times he thought of getting a dunce cap and facing the wall, but didn’t know where to find one in an era where, armed with internet factoids, everyone thought that they were smart, and that it was the height of cool to pretend stupidity. He made a mental note to get some “Ramones” CD’s for his car. He could play them whenever the urge struck him to be more “contemporary.”
	The games were uneventful, both teams playing out 2012’s string with modest interest in front of a stadium predominately populated with concessionaires. What was interesting to Dave was how many of the players tried new approaches. Their stats and market value already established some hitters experimented with new stances, where they held the bat and proximity to the plate. Having been in the majors for a decade he knew the “book” on all of them and he was interested to see how their new trial approaches were an obvious attempt to compensate for their weaknesses. If successful their former strengths became the new weakness.
	Craig Nichols, a seasoned .240, 20-25 home run, left hand hitter was notorious for not being able to handle anything outside; middle of the plate in he kills you. He had always positioned himself near the middle of the batter’s box, but now he was standing as close to the plate as one is allowed. Claude Dimsley, the Crow starter either didn’t see this or wasn’t paying attention. In effect Nichols new foot position made the outside corner strike into one right down the middle. After smacking two shots to right center, Dimsley was still going away and Nichols hit it out. Dave thought; “He should have gone against the ‘book’ and jammed him hard inside.”
	As he watched the adjustments other batters were regularly making he wondered if this was truly end-of-season experimentation. Maybe it goes on regularly and he was just too lazy-minded to do anything other than what Dimsley did; mindlessly do what the “book” said.
	In fact the “book” is now computer precise, breaking the strike zone into nine quadrants. Its makers can unequivocally state that if Nichols hits a low outside pitch he bats .068 and if he hits one center high he bats .512. Undeniable. But, they don’t adjust this for where he stands. Nor do they make any ramifications if Nichols is taking his “home run” swing or his “two-strike-protect-the-plate” slap. It ignores situations. Dave remembered his father telling him that Yogi Berra was always known as a clutch hitter and there was one big simple reason for it. He normally tried to pull everything, but in a key spot he’d go the other way. 
	Dave found this intriguing. Watch the other player. In one of the world’s most ego-centric professions, don’t focus on yourself. Watch the other player. Could this possibly be right? He saw hitters frequently taking differing positions, some times during the same at bat. One even moved his feet as the pitcher was winding up. Some were completely different when there were men on base. He spent the rest of his quiet season, fully alert in his “ashram,” pretenses to artistic characterization forgotten, meditating on the manner in which “The Great American Pastime” is secretly played by the unspeaking best. He thought; “They can choose to not advertise, but they can’t hide what they do. Revolutionary.” Baseball was again starting to be interesting.  

Chapter 4

	After the final game loss ended leaving the Crows at 77-85 for the year Dave took his recently solitary, reflective existence to his Weehawken condo. He wanted to study baseball tapes he had there of games he pitched. Most of the TV camera work emanated from center field and showed the action from the mound’s point of view. It was perfect for monitoring the hitter’s habits. 
	Sitting on the AstroTurf reminiscent couch, mesmerized by the painfully obvious pieces of “new” information that were formerly resting somewhere in his unconscious, he was startled back to the present by the phone’s ring. The base showed that it was his attorney, Peter Jaffe, calling from his office. He considered not answering it, but he was already out of the zone and the need to hear about money was so ingrained after many years of practice, it was akin to putting on his glove before going on the field.
	He picked up the phone and tried to sound as if he was a guy “on the ball.” He thundered like an improperly tuned auto engine; “Peter, you have good news for me, right?”
	“..........” 
	His voice decelerated; “Oh, sorry Marsha. Hi.”
	“..........”
	“No, I am not sorry to hear your voice. I just made a mistake. That’s all.”
	“..........”
	“I’ll hold.”
	“..........”
	“Peter, that’s great. That was also very fast.”
	“..........”
	Dave laughed; “As soon as they got notice of the papers being filed?”
	“..........”
	“I’m sorry. I didn’t tell her to call you. You know how she is.”
	“..........”
	“Okay, tack on a thousand.”
	“..........”
	“Yeah, sure do.” 
	“..........”
	“No, this isn’t necessarily my last contract.”
	“..........”
	“Yeah, that’s true, but I’m becoming a smarter pitcher.”
	“..........”
	“Since the day before yesterday, maybe the day before that.”
	“..........”
	“No, I’m not kidding.”
	“..........”
	“All right, all right. We’ll be fine. Lucretia got us into treasuries.”
	“..........”
	“I think short term, but I’m not 100 percent sure.”
	“..........”
	“I know. I know. What can I do?”
	“..........”
	“Then she’ll get half, her favorite word. There’s no pre-nup.”
	“..........”
	“I know you told me. When I make a mistake I do it right.”
	“..........”
	“Thanks a lot. Excellent work. See ‘ya.”

	Dave immediately checked the websites of the funds that were previously held, discovering that Lucretia must have found another domicile for their money. He had his first panic attack since the time his mother found his pot stash in his spikes and called the cops. He called his “provider of excitement.”
	Lucretia picked up on the second ring and offered a hurried; “Yes.”
	Dave said; “There’s something I have to know.”
	“Make it quick. I’m kind of in the middle of something.”
	“I’ll get right to the point. Where did you park our money?”
	“A Thompson-Mann fund.”
	“Why’d you switch?”
	“I checked rates. Their’s is better.”
	“Is my name on the account?”
	“You weren’t available for a signature. It doesn’t matter. Its legally half yours.”
	Dave thought; “There’s that word again. When I get home this will be straightened out.”
	She purred; “Don’t you trust me?”
	Dave was shocked that she’d use such a word after he had caught her unilaterally sending money to her “starving, sick mother and her artistically gifted, comic oil paint rendering brother in Manhattan. While these acts might have been deemed secretive charity the case was closed when he caught her huddling with the butcher in “One Stop’s” refrigerated meat locker. She explained it as a necessity of remaining warm while she ensured that she got the best cuts of beef. However, rather than dredging up old arguments he said; “You missed your calling. You should have been a realtor.”
	“What is that supposed to mean?”
	“Nothing. Poor attempt at humor. Trying to make you laugh. Did you get short term treasuries?”
	“Yeah.”
	“You sure?”
	Silence.
	“Look at the thing. It says what it is right on it.”
	“Oh come on. I told you I was busy.”
	“By the way; Jaffe just called me and they dropped their case.”
	“I know. I already spoke to him. Hold on.”
	Dave heard the thud and waited. He distractedly glanced at his field heroics. McGuire smacked a line drive single to left on a mediocre fastball low and outside. Dave thought; “That’s right where you’re supposed to pitch him. If he got a little under it it would have gone out.” Dave hit the rewind button to watch the entire at bat. Sure enough, McGuire had moved in closer to the plate on that pitch.
	Lucretia came back to the phone and with more than a hint of annoyance rattled off; “Okay. Thompson-Mann Medium Term Treasuries.”
	Dave got his answer, but wanted to be irritating and said; “Whose treasuries?” US? Canada? Russia?”
	Lucretia started deadpan reading whatever was in front of her face. “Thompson-Mann Medium Term Treasuries. Four to five year obligations of the US federal government.”
	“Good, good. I’d have worried if it were Russia.”
	“Okay?”
	“Yeah. I’ll be home soon.”
	“How soon?”
	“I figured I’d head out in the morning.”
	Silence.
	Dave continued; “See ‘ya tomorrow.”
	Lucretia sounded as if her stomach had been punched, saying; “See ‘ya.” She hung up.

	Dave gently put the receiver in its cradle. He wanted to get lost in the mental aspect of the pitching he had previously performed mindlessly. He thought positively; “If I can be mediocre without a brain, imagine what I can do with one.” He wasn’t able to fend off the next thought, which swooped into his head and sat, like a patient buzzard waiting for the inevitable; “That probably depends on the quality of the brain. Using a poor one would probably produce worse results.” Rather than running any risks, he closed his eyes and was soon asleep.

	The following morning, as soon as rush hour traffic had cleared out, Dave and his tapes were in the black BMW, on their way to the country. The two hour westward trek commenced earlier than usual this year. He would have preferred to hang around Weehawken and watch the games he had missed for a number of reasons including his pre-occupation with money and some old baseball adage which said; “Don’t let it get into your head,” but he could not properly relax until he had his name emblazoned, not in the Hall of Fame, but on the Thompson-Mann Medium Term Treasuries account. Never a dreamer after age twelve, he always set reasonable, do-able goals. Though he didn’t realize it in the heat of the moment, Lucretia was one of those. But, she quickly became unreasonable showing the first sign four days after their marriage, when she had her long brown hair cut to an early Beatles length and then had the nerve to ask him if he liked it. He considered saying; “I’ve always had a thing about John Lennon,” but rejected the thought as too early in the relationship for sarcasm. That was saved for the four month line of demarcation, when her repetitive conversation became well entrenched; money and who gets to spend it. One of their initial attractions split into two distinct warring camps; one whose philosophy was that money was to be held on to, gaining security; archaic, neo-classical, depression inducing claptrap; and the other who thought it was for spending and pleasure and that more will come; a Keynesian hedonist.
	He turned on the radio and over a taped drumbeat he heard;
Me and my bruthas chillin’ in the Chevy.
Two the muthafuckas ugly and heavy.
Can’t git no juice when the place is mellow.
Bitches don’t grind if a nigga’s yellow.
Ski mask ain’t no digs from Vail.
Downtown hoods stylish in jail.
No problem pullin’ out my nine.
See the lights, it’s almost time.
Marty Walls’ open all nite.
Just waitin’ to set the homeboys right.
Freeland just in from China.
Freeland just in from China.
Stick it out.
And I’ll find her.
Security guard got pop gun shit.
He 80 years old with epileptic fit.
Gimme that money and make it quick.
Shaky muthafuckas need a good fix.
Don’t push no buttons, yours or mine.
Cause if you do you’ll soon see Columbine.
We run to the ride, Heavy’s laughin’.
This is the closest the dead come to passion.
Freeland just in from China.
Freeland just in from China.
Stick it out.
And I’ll find her.

	A white boy, with a Yaley voice trying to sound cool said; “That was ‘Dillinger Redux’ by TSP, The Treacherous Scarsdale Pit for the uninitiated, from his new CD ‘Tek It While It There,’ winner of the New York critics award for contemporary relevance, for those of you who still give a fuck about such things.” He cleared the snot out of his nostrils, by inhaling it, presumably for emphasis. “Number two on the charts a week after its release. We’re lucky enough to have the man in the studio with us. Tell us brutha man ...... or T. Which would you prefer?”
	“My name is Elinardo Henson.”
	“Dig it. Well, tell us Elinardo, what prompted you to write ‘Dillinger Redux?’ Was it recalling a night with your homeboys?”
	“No, not in the least.”
	The interviewer chuckled and said; “I know you have to say that. I shouldn’t have asked such a dumb question.”
	“No, really. It’s not easy to explain. .......... It’s an attempt to portray the life of a song as opposed to real life; you might say words, in a style that is considered timely and relevant and at the same time showing that there is nothing new about it whatsoever. The original rappers and their fans are now grandparents. I don’t know about you, but when I was growing up I didn’t want to be into the same things my old granny was. Hence, the title, which harkens back to the 30’s. I should add that this unreal song is juxtaposed with a society which is becoming increasingly solitary and sequestered, and as a result take their ideas of reality from what is fed to them through the media. In a sense mass entertainment, inclusive of the internet, has become more real than their own lives, or one might argue that it is their lives. At one level this song is just another possible cybernetic experience for them to add to the other cybernetic realities in their sedentary ‘lives.’ ...... And hopefully, a lucrative one for me.”
	“Then, you’re saying that what you’ve done is entirely derivative and the only thing new is the audience reaction?”
	“Yes and no. But, before I answer that question would you be kind enough to advise me of something you have seen or heard in the past decade which is entirely new, bearing no relationship to any antecedent.”
	“..................................”
	“See, nobody can. Hip-hop and rap will soon be forty years old, and that’s only if you don’t count reggae. It has managed to be considered cutting edge long after the blade has been used for the millionth time. It’s perceived “relevance” has lasted longer than du-wop, psychedelia, R&B, the Beatles and everything else now considered dated.”
	Obviously not the interview he expected the white boy derisively said; “Then why do you work in this field?”
	Elinardo laughed and said; “The same reason everyone else does. Give the people what they’ve been told to want and make it “badass.” That song took ten minutes to write and it appears as if I’ll make at least a few million from it.”
	“It’s only money to you?”
	Elinardo said; “This is getting fucking stupid, even by today’s ‘entertainment’ standards.” The sound of a chair squeaking against a floor and a door slamming were heard. Elinardo knew that walking out would enhance his “bad” image, even though he had not been convicted of assault.
	   
	Dave thought that would be hard to top and turned off the radio. “A man after my own wallet. Potty mouth lyrics a bit much for the Midwest though.” He drove through the narrow, hilly streets of Weehawken, a city on the Palisades, fascinated by its diversity. Across the river from Harlem, it accommodated the high income Manhattan commuters not overly concerned with being fashionable as in the high rises he saw from his condo windows. It also was home to sixty year old least cost housing, often an attached two story box, near an abandoned factory, which once employed the residents. Dave wasn’t sure who lived there now. He only saw angry looking teenagers patrolling the streets and glaring into strange cars passing through, like his. Then there were the in-betweeners. Older folks living in Victorian styled houses, once all the fashion before people ran to the more distant new suburbs. Dave’s small, ten unit condo was placed in this community where three contiguous Victorians succumbed to fire in 1969. The tiny business district boasted a five star restaurant and a few others, each specializing in food supposedly popular in other countries. Dave often took out from the Thai place. Other stores came as stubborn “quality” resistance to the nearby malls and went as students of Economics 101. He intended to stop in “Comics and Phonics” sometime soon. He had thought that since its opening in 2010. All this variety was situated on only a bit more than a square mile of potholed streets, contradicted by the steep hills which provided fantastic panoramas to many. 
	As he left town Dave felt as if he was abandoning an old friend who was no longer young enough to enjoy the day without a two hour nap. He got on Route 78, an east-west super highway with a minimum of six lanes and a posted 70 mile per hour speed limit. He went west to Lucretia and their Tewksbury “country” house, leisurely staying in the flow of traffic at a seemingly sluggish 80. Out of the corners of his eyes he watched the landscape change from gritty urban car repair shops, to whitewashed suburban malls and most-valuable-asset-houses with excellent school districts, unspoken codename white and finally to the hilly woods surrounding the sprawling state women’s prison. Dave was five minutes from home.
	The planked wooden bridge over the rocky stream sounded like a locomotive on a curve when Dave’s BMW crossed over, as always making him vow to soon check if any boards were in need of replacement. Without coming to a full stop he opened the trendily rusted, faux Elizabethan, iron gate of recent vintage. The mute electronic clicker produced creaks and whirrs worthy of a drawbridge crew humming; “Hi, ho.” Dave sped up the driveway as it closed behind him and parked on the gravel right behind Lucretia’s SUV, effectively blocking it in the open garage, to prevent a rolling escape. As he walked the pink tulip lined brick path to the front door he gazed at the undulating wooded property, the trees still holding on to most of their plumage, the willows showing a week’s entry into fall. Birds pecked at the ground around the descended warm weather overlays attempting to liberate juicy worms.
	Before he saw much more of the structure than the colonial’s pale yellow aluminum siding which effectively mimicked clapboarded wood from distances of more than five feet and the screwed-in green window shutters, the front door opened and in it stood Lucretia with one elevated hand against the frame. She rolled her wide hips which were tightly encased in a well-worn pair of blue jeans, two sizes too small and stretched like a trampoline. Dave saw no panty lines. She said; “I got what you came for, baby,” and he remembered what he liked about her. He followed her through the center hall to the kitchen at the far left. She went through the open door and he eagerly tailed, his eyes on the fissured feature in plain view. There were two side by side pieces of paper on the cherry, double-gated “Pilgrim” (sometimes called William and Mary) table. She reached down for a pen and handed it to him, saying; “Sign these and your name will be added to the Thompson-Mann account.” Dave took his time reading the documents, careful not to miss any hidden surprises while Lucretia breathed heavily, impatient for his signature. Dave finally got there at his own pace and signed his first autographs of the year. She picked up the papers and said; “I’ll bring them to the Post Office right now. You can check it on the computer in a couple of days.”
	He said; “You’re fantastic, baby. But I blocked you in.”
	“No problem. I’d rather drive your BMW anyway.” She blinked her green eyes, put her hand out palm up and purred; “Gimme the keys.”
	His important mission done, he lethargically complied and then sat on one of the six matching “Brewster” chairs. He smiled as he watched her wiggle her way through the door, long brown hair swaying over her white blouse. He thought; “What a great girl. Knew exactly what I wanted.” His eyes went to the open window and he admired the thickly wooded back of his ten acre parcel. 

Chapter 5

TEWKSBURY, NJ - 12-20-12
	In the comforts of home Dave forgot about his pitching distractions and planned to spend the winter doing something more enjoyable; monitoring his money. He sat in the living room at the Queen Anne chair next to the tilt-top table where he had placed his laptop. “Not bad,” he thought after his morning examination of his, or maybe her investments. “Gains aren’t that great. But, in this market as long as I don’t lose anything I’ll be quite all right.” 
	Lucretia came downstairs with an undue collection of satchels. She seemed to be in some sort of hurry. She dropped the bags in the hallway and hustled to Dave. She gave him a perfunctory kiss on the neck and announced that she was leaving for a few days. She said; “I want to spend time with my divorced sister in Old Chatham, NY. Being around kids and all that on Christmas.” 
	As she moved quickly toward her bags and the front door Dave tried to think of something nice to say. His difficulty was that he really didn’t mind at all, and didn’t want to openly convey that. In fact he was cautious not to appear overly cheerful. He called out; “Drive safely. Call me when you get there.” He went to the window and watched until her loaded white SUV exited the driveway and made a right. As usual she left the gate open and Dave pushed the controller button to close it behind her. He thought; “Fantastic.” 
	Dave looked forward to a day of complete solitude and privacy. He had no particular plans of what he would do, and that was the point. Complete luxury with no errands, no meetings and no particular place to go. As he drank his black coffee he gazed out a window at the scene. The rolling hills and abundance of trees compensated for the grayish-blue, winter, almost adequately lit sky. He wished for a snowfall prior to Christmas as everyone has done in recent years. The problem was that the daily low temperatures no longer dropped below thirty-five. Consequently any precipitation came as rain, sometimes dangerous-to-drive, freezing rain as the asphalt roads became colder than the air. Dave could not help but think of global warming, but quickly learned not to broach the anecdotal evidence in the Republican and Inheritance Rights territory. 
	He took a quick survey of his 2008 pale yellow “colonial,” supposedly a reasonable adaptation of those made back in the day. Everything was more or less in place and most importantly the refrigerator was full. He sat back at the computer and dreamily perused a passion, the internet’s supply of capital asset pricing models. He was jarred by the gate’s bell and the Honda parked near it.
	He grimaced and thought; “Why is it that every time I have a day for complete relaxation some jerk shows up and wants to trim my trees or rake the leaves?” He decided to ignore it in the hope that it would try to sell its services elsewhere. It didn’t. The bell rang again. Every time David peered through the front window it was still there. He got more and more irritated with each viewing. After what seemed like an hour and two more rings he decided that the best thing to do was go out and get rid of it. 
     With his head to the ground he slowly walked down the gravel driveway. He reached the gate and saw that the recent model, bluish gray, sky matching Honda was parked parallel to the road, presumably to not jut out into it. He hoped that didn’t mean the driver had settled in for a lengthy stay. He then saw a gray-jacketed, old man sitting at the wheel nonchalantly staring into the space ahead of him.
	Dave called out; “Dad, what the hell are you doing here?”
	His Dad looked to him and with no smile and the slightest of nods. He exited the car making the movement look painful. He stood there as if he was waiting for some sort of salutation or invitation, after no contact in four years, when Dave married Lucretia. Actually Dad said nothing about the matter at the time, but as always acquiesced to Mom’s wishes. She had a strong distaste for Lucretia, which she acquired from about forty minutes of group meetings. She told Dave that she would disown and/or disinherit him if he married her. Dave thought large charge and that her knowledge of his bride-to-be was much too cursory to make any judgment. He thought that she probably would have come to the same unreasoned conclusion about anyone after he signed his seven year, four million per contract. Since he was fifteen Dave remembered that she openly fancied living near one of her sisters in a two family house in Sayreville, paid for by Dave, who would occupy the other side like a good boy. Fat chance. Dad broke the silence and said; “Well, are you going to invite me in or what?”
	Dave considered saying; “Or what?” But he thought that would invite the “wise guy” stare and set him up for unwanted comments about how he didn’t know everything there was to know. He knew that he didn’t and also didn’t care to as he considered much of what passes for knowledge irrelevant or wrong, as the conclusions change every ten years. Still, he found the gate separation comforting and was reluctant to give it up. It was his last protection from the marauding 2012 barbarians, armed with smiling faces and almost competent at psychological warfare. He looked at his father’s grim face and was comforted that he had only seen this man smile four times; when his know-it-all brother-in-law, Uncle Chesty came close to electrocution attempting to fix the TV set; the time Mom was completely grossed out to have gotten bird shit on her paper food plate at a barbeque, all over the split peas; when Kenny’s father leaped up from the old wooden Little League bleachers and gingerly extricated a splinter from his ass; and when his well-educated sister-in-law, by marriage, Aunt Ida said that all societies were moving toward freedom that can no longer be denied. It appeared as if the talky man’s self-administered tushy operation was his favorite, but even then it was little more than a fast, snorting smirk. He felt safe from the smiley attack and knew that at least up until four years ago his father had no use for psychology. With some reason to be more secure he opened the gate and said; “Come on in. You’ve never seen the place.”
	Dad got back into the Honda and made a series of three point turns to align himself with the driveway. He came close to going off the wooden bridge and into the stream at which point Dave brightly said; “Be careful!” to which his father coldly replied; “Don’t worry about it. I’ve been doing this a lot longer than you.” It quickly brought back memories for Dave.
	Dave watched his father follow the gravel driveway toward the house, re-closed the gate and walked behind him. Dad, who is also named David, exited the car in his gray zip-up jacket with a newspaper wedged under an armpit, hands in pockets, just as Dave remembered his cold weather style uniform. Dave said; “That jacket must be twenty-five years old.”
	“Maybe more. So what? Still works.”
	“So, nothin’. Just makin’ conversation.” Dave stepped away from the house and added; “Want to take a look at the place?”
	Standing still, his father looked right, then looked left and said; “Trees. I’ve been in the sticks before.”
	Dave was irked. He recalled the phrase “in the sticks” being used derisively by both his parents, who grew up and stayed in the city of Bayonne where most of the sticks were made of metal and had a nightlight on top. He tried to be mildly surly and asked; “Don’t you believe in calling ahead?”
	“I figured if I did that you would say you were just leaving for somewhere.”
	Dave was silently disarmed as he often was many years ago. Dad said; “Let’s go inside for Christ’s sake. I’m getting cold out here.” He brushed by Dave and led him to the front door. Having seen only one car in the open garage Dad said; “Lucretia’s not here?”
	“No, she’s spending a few days with her sister in upstate New York.”
	“Mmnn.”
	Dave opened the door and as soon as they were inside Dad pulled out the Jersey Bulletin stuffed under his arm. He handed it to Dave and said; “Read this and weep, kiddo.”

CROWS GO BELLY UP
INVOLUNTARY BANKRUPTCY PETITION FILED LISTING NO ASSETS. ALL DEBTS AND CONTRACTS VOIDED. FRANCHISE FOR SALE. NO BUYERS.

JERSEY BULLETIN 12-23-12. Yesterday, team spokesman, Tom Underwood called a press conference at the Meadowlands team headquarters ...................................................
................................................................
................................................................
 
	

	Dave’s heart fell into his left leg and was working its way further down. But in the long established tradition of this father-son relationship, Dave’s face remained impassive and without inflection he said; “You always were the good news guy, weren’t ‘ya.” His head spun from one worry to another and back again. Money in general, Lucretia, over-the-hill, end of career, how much money he had, how much more he needed, etc., etc.
	Dad could easily imagine Dave’s concerns and liked his son’s stoic exterior. He hated it when Dave cried as a kid and was proud to see that he had trained him out of being a sissy. He shrugged his shoulders and said; “Well somebody was gonna tell ‘ya. It might as well be me.”
	Dave actually found some kind of perverse humor somewhere in there, made a small laugh and said; “What are families for? Take off that damn jacket if it isn’t glued on.” He realized his presumption and added; “You’re staying a while, right?”
	Dad hung the jacket on the hall rack and said; “Yeah, I’ll be here a while. I’ve got four weeks’ vacation now and your mother is going through ‘change of life.’ Told me to go somewhere and leave her alone.”
	“And here I thought you decided to become a newspaper delivery boy in your old age.”
	“Don’t laugh. The way this economy is going you never know.”
	They walked to the rear left and entered the kitchen. Dad sat at the table and Dave got coffee for the both of them, then sat directly opposite his father and looked at his face. Now fifty-eight, it seemed that he aged a lot in the last four years. The front hair seemed thinner and the widow’s peaks seemed more prominent. He noticed no other physical evidence. It was more the man’s demeanor; slouched shoulders, averted eyes looking at the nothing on the ceiling and an overtired look of disappointment. But, he preached; “Don’t expect anything from anybody,” so with no expectations what could have been so disappointing. Dave thought; “Me? Mom’s change of life? I don’t want to go in either of those directions.”
	Meaning to say something that might be mildly contentious and not having any other ideas Dave said; “What’s so interesting up there?”
	Dad looked Dave in the eye and without inflection replied; “What’s so interesting down here.” From decades of experience Dave didn’t think he was making mockery of the early American motif, but, as usual wasn’t sure. He also recalled that any follow up question asking elaboration had always been greeted with a small shrug and a miniscule turning up of one thumb. Dave thought he might try once more to see if his father was a poet who wrote nothing or an interior decoration critic. He said; “You have aesthetic issues with this table? It’s a copy of a classic William and Mary piece.”
	Shrug, thumb and an exciting new addition to the routine; Dad scratched his nose with the other thumb. He breathed heavily, leaned back on his chair and said; “So what are you going to do about money now?”
	“I’m going to write a book of your witticisms. ‘Quotes from Chairman David.’” This didn’t produce laugh number five. It also didn’t cause the slightest of visible irritation. Dad just patiently sat and waited for the “real” answer. Dave followed with; “I don’t know. You just hit me with this five minutes ago and you think I’ve got it figured out already?”
	“You’re supposed to be so smart.”
	“I never said that.”
	Dad waved his hand dismissively and said; “That’s how you act.”
	Dave felt like he was again fifteen. He said; “Since I played this game at the professional level I know some things you don’t.”
	Dad leaned back on his chair, folded his arms across his chest and said; “Enlighten me.”
	Undeterred and feeling silly Dave answered; “Those pictures of Oscar Bonds in fishnet stockings were not doctored and he’s not gay. ...... Nobody will dare step on the foul lines as they run on and off the field, yet no one knows why. There is no credible account of any catastrophe happening when and if someone may have done that. ...... When two or three infielders simultaneously call for a pop up, they will all back off and let it drop, unless the pitcher calls out one’s name. ...... When someone says ‘That’s an excellent question,’ it means that they think they are capable of answering it. ...... Fans rather see a home run fest than a pitching duel. ...... Players still don’t like to see female reporters in the locker room. Some will expose themselves and wave. Women reporters who don’t want to see this activity bring a camera crew. ...... Though no one has proven it there is no doubt that some balls are jacked. ...... Catchers take personal offense at being shaken off. ...... In public, baseball stars laugh out loud at the things written of them on the “funny sports news websites” out of a fear of being called overly sensitive. In private they say that the sites are retarded. ...... If you ask any pro about steroid use they will say everyone takes them except themselves. ...... Black guys are more likely to wear bikini briefs. ...... All pros are superstitious. On a good streak they won’t change their socks and underwear. ...... Lefties truly are weird. ...... Many players do not root for their team. They wish the regulars play lousy in the hope that they can take their place. ...... The most important job of a first base coach is to fondle the ass of someone who has gotten on base or hit a home run. ...... When players fall down they stay on the ground, even if they are uninjured, until visited by the team physician. I haven’t the slightest idea why. ...... What the batter thinks the pitcher is going to throw is just as important as what the pitcher does throw. ...... Ninety percent of the players do not know all the words of the National Anthem. No one knows all the words of the Canadian Anthem. ...... Pitching off the last pitch is a very effective strategy unless the batter is swinging off the last swing. ...... Sometimes the game is truly over before the fat lady sings. ...... It is proven that drinking does not hinder performance, unless blood alcohol levels exceed .16. ...... Pot smoking actually enhances performance; at least the potheads say so. ...... The best hitters get hits only three out of every ten at bats. But if they go up to the plate thinking; ‘Chances are a landslide against me,’ they will be ten of ten certain not to get one. ....... The stats of a pitcher who relies entirely on his fastball, without exception, drop off after age 32. ...... Switch hitting Mickey Mantle was the greatest batsman of all time.”
	“Whoa, hold on there.”
	“Just wanted to see if you were paying any attention.”
	“All right. I get the idea.”
	“I could do more.”
	Dad again scoured the ceiling and said; “That’s okay. I’m already enlightened. Let me try a few. ...... It’s not whether you win or lose. It’s how you play the game.”
	Dave interjected; “Didn’t that end sometime around World War II?”
	“You’ve always got an answer.”
	“That was a question.”
	Dad tried another he thought was safe for all time; “You know we all put on our pants the same way.”
	“Do you put left foot first, right foot first or both at the same time?”
	“Son of a bitch.”
	Dave considered saying; “You should know best,” but felt strange that he had subjected his father to the badinage. Though he had been avoiding it, he decided to get serious and said; “I don’t know what to do now. The money will run out in a few years and pitching is the only thing I really know how to do.”
	Dad lowered his eyes to Dave’s level and appeared as if he was hearing Uncle Chesty speak of his electronic acumen.
	Dave clarified and continued; “I didn’t end that sentence with ‘well.’ Ah, shit on it. How’s Kenny’s father’s ass these days?”
	“All right. He started carrying a towel and making a big production of placing it before he sits.”
	“He still goes to games?”
	“Yeah, he’s watching his grandchildren.” Dad’s eyes directly met Dave’s.
	Dave scratched his neck and took a look at the ceiling.
	Dad continued; “Everything’s modern now. Those old wooden bleachers have been replaced by metal ones.”
	“And he still uses the towel? Why?”
	“Says he gets a cold ass at night games and a hot one during the day.”
	Dave laughed.
	Dad said; “It ain’t funny. How’d you like to park your ass in the freezer or the oven?”
	“All right. All right. I won’t laugh at his ass. But, you did when he got a splinter in it.”
	Dad’s face scrunched up as if he were smelling something foul and said; “Noooooooo. Where’d you get that from? Your mother?”
	“I saw it.”
	Dad just shook his head and this time eyed the floor. After a few seconds he said; “The real reason I’m here is because your mother sent me. But, don’t tell her I said that. She’s gotten over you marrying that Lucretia and wouldn’t mind seeing you again.”
	“Good. What’s her problem with Lucretia anyway?”
	Dad shrugged and grimaced, indicating that he had heard a stupid question. He said; “You know. I don’t think she likes any women, including her mother and sisters.”
	“What’s she doing with herself these days?”
	“Sittin’ in the house grousin’ about one thing or another.”
	“Imagine if she had a real problem.”
	“Yeah, like mine. The factory’s been bought and sold five times in the last eight years and every time the new owner sends over a team of snots, fresh out of MBA school, and they keep asking me what I do, why I do it that way, and have I ever tried another approach. The last purchase was by a French company and the guy I got stuck talking to didn’t even understand English.” He wrinkled his nose as if he were about to sneeze.
	Dave said; “Well, you survived them all. Right?”
	“Yeah, but it’s a real pain every time.”
	“Hell, consider my problem. I’m out of a job and my 92-93 MPH fast ball is down to 88-89.”
	“Always happens at your age. What did you expect?”
	“I did expect it. But, I also expected to be collecting four million a year for the next three years. This is the first team I ever heard of going bankrupt.”
	“Back in the old days a lot of them did. But with all the ‘new and improved’ systems this wasn’t supposed to happen again, just like the Depression.” He clucked his lips and stared impassively, appearing as bored as a Chief Executive Officer who was just informed of a sure-thing-investment.
	“You’ve got to admit that baseball has had a long good run.”
	“Everything has their faults. There is no such thing as a foolproof system. You watch. The Crows aren’t going to be the only ones.”
	“Well, I’m not going to worry about their problems. I’ve got my own.”
	“It’s your own fault. You could have made a lot more money if you didn’t have that I-don’t-give-a-shit attitude.”
	Dave was silent.
	Dad continued; “I think it goes back to that last Little League game. You wanted to win that championship so badly and the first guy up hit a dribbler in front of home plate that the catcher fell down going after and the next guy hit one over the right centerfield fence. Only home run the little guy ever hit in his life.”
	Dave remembered well. It may well have been his biggest disappointment. But, he said; “Some good came of it. I used to try to strike everybody out with fastballs. After that I started to mix in the curve, which you were always after me to do. You can’t play baseball well if you’re on edge. It’s not like basketball or football. You’ve got to relax into the game. You always told me that. And do you remember that after that home run you walked out to the mound and said; “What the fuck is wrong with you?”
	With a stone face Dad said; “Nooooo.”
	“Yaay-uh.”
	“Got a witness?”
	Dave chuckled and said; “I really didn’t mind. I was wondering what the fuck was wrong with me too. It was funny to hear you use that word, though. You seldom did.”
	“Enough ancient history. We’ve got to come up with a way for an over-the-hill pitcher with a lousy lifetime record to make a living.”
	“Yeah.”
	“You’re gonna learn a new pitch; a split fingered fastball. Nobody can hit it.”
	“Nobody can throw it for strikes either.”
	“Bet you never tried.”
	Dave shook his head “No.”
	“You got two gloves and a ball around?”
	“In the barn.”
	“All right. You know how to throw the thing?”
	“Not really.”
	Dad went to the refrigerator and retrieved an apple. He held it with his right hand’s second and third finger and thumb. He made a slow throwing motion and said; “Fastball.” He moved the apple to the space between his second and third fingers, supported by his thumb and fake threw again, saying; “Split fingered fastball,” as the apple fell to the floor.
	“I was afraid of that. Can you throw one of them?”
	“No, but I can’t throw a curveball either and I taught you to throw one. Come on. It’s warming up outside. Let’s get on some sweatshirts and throw the ball around.” He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper and handed it to Dave. He said; “It’s not the worst there’s ever been.”
	Dave looked at the cold numbers of his “career.” 

	Dave grinned, but also noted the three year severely declining trend. He said; “Wait here,” and went to his bureau and found two brand new Crows sweatshirts. 

Chapter 6

	They started slowly, warming up arms that hadn’t been used; in one case for months and in the other for years. It was reminiscent of when they had first played, excepting Dad’s grunting and arm rubbing. Dave spurred him on by saying; “You sure you’re up to this?”
	Dad said; “Don’t worry about it,” and returned the next throw with some zip on it; his lips making a dismissive grimace, which might have been the convenient thing to do.
	Dave said; “I’m not making any fun. First time out is rough on me after sitting out the winter. You’ve sat out years and are you ever going to be sore.”
	“That’s okay. I don’t have to pitch against New York tomorrow.”
	After feeling reasonably warm in the sunny, forty degree Jersey afternoon, they took positions near the vertically slatted, red barn; Dad against it. He squatted like a catcher and said; “Okay. Try that splitter.”
	Dave rocked and threw his father a two-hopper three feet off the plate. Dad let it be stopped by the barn and faintly said; “Jeez.” 
	Dave heard and briefly laughed, shrugging his shoulders as if to say; “’Scuse me.”
	Dad picked up the ball and threw it back, saying; “That’s all right. Just keep doing it.”
	Dave well remembered those sentiments. He heard that refrain throughout his youth whenever he told his father that he couldn’t do something. Dad seemed to believe that anything could be done; it was just a matter of constant repetition.
	Dave repeated and repeated his ability to throw two-hoppers to his father, who let them hit the barn rather than attempting to catch the spinning ball, hopping on an uneven surface. One cracked through the thin siding. Dave said; “I’ve got an idea. Since you’re not going to catch anything, I’ve got an old mattress in the barn. We can prop it up against the wall.”
	“I’d give it a shot if you could get it to me on one hop, but I’m not gonna get in front of that stuff.”
	They propped up the mattress, which took the beating of its life, until Dave graduated to one-hoppers mixed with ten foot high pitches.
	Dave said; “This really feels strange. The ball doesn’t belong between two fingers. It’s un-natural.”
	Dad said; “Don’t worry about it. You’re doin’ fine now. All you got to do is get it in the middle of where you’ve been throwing it.”
	Dave slowly shook his head and smiled as he took the throwback. He thought; “That man has supreme confidence ...... in me. I wonder if he has it in himself.” As he continued to throw his mind stayed with his last thought. He tried to think of an indirect, polite way of asking his father if he believed in himself as much he did his son. It was delicate, but he was curious. However, caution ruled the moment. He tried to think of old events which suggested one thing or the other. Initial recollections suggested that his father seemed to profess self-confidence in his endeavors, but didn’t attempt much.
	They kept at it another half hour and Dave might have thrown three or four strikes, but it was encouragingly apparent that his accuracy was improving as his pitches now came somewhere between arriving on just one hop and being up seven feet.
	Dad ended the festivities by saying; “Come on in and get me some more coffee. I’ve got a long drive and I’ve got to keep your mother out of trouble.”
	“What kind of trouble is she getting into these days?”
	“Ah, you know she’s been cranky, and if she doesn’t have me to yell at she might start up with someone else. Then who knows what will happen?”
	Dave said; “Okay, but we’ve got an old tradition to fulfill.” 
	When he was a kid they’d always end their training session with Dad batting once. Dave would say; “Come on. Come on. You know I’m going to strike you out this time.” Dad would “reluctantly” grab a bat and Dave would throw all fastballs. He often got to two strikes, but then his father would shorten his swing and always hit it hard.
	Dad said; “There’s no bat here,” as he stepped toward the house.
	Dave said; “I’ve got a couple in the barn.”
	“I’m too old for this.”
	“Ah, you just know I can strike you out this time.”
	“Sure, I haven’t swung a bat in twenty years.”
	Dave threw his arms out to the side and his facial expression showed disappointment.
	“All right. Where are the damn bats?”
	Dave became gleeful and trotted to the door of the barn. He showed his father four bats, none of which met his expectations. He held each, took a few short swings and looked them over with a disapproving, almost pained expression.
	Dave said; “Okay, you’ve got your excuse.”
	Dad took one and said; “This is good enough.” He stood in front of the mattress and took a few short practice swings as Dave walked to the imaginary mound. 
	Dave nodded and received one in return. He took a short windup and threw the fastball. Dad looked bad swinging and missing, like an unoiled and creaking garden door attempting to close before the rabbit ran in. Dave was pleased. 
	He wound up and let it go again. This time Dad’s swing didn’t look as pitiful, but he was way behind it and missed. He looked worried. This time Dave wasn’t so proud of himself. He felt as if he should not have goaded his father into doing this at age 58 and that he really didn’t want to strike out the man who taught him everything and now looked as if he was wounded. Dave had a thought; “We can’t cut this now. But, maybe if I take a little off he can smack it somewhere. It’s a little tricky because I don’t want the slow-down to be obvious and insulting. Just a little bit off the fastball. Dave threw and Dad smacked a shot off the property. It might have cleared left center at the Meadowlands. Dave was relieved, but didn’t show it. He put his hands on his knees and bowed his head as if he was disappointed.
Dad wore a wide grin, stood the bat against the barn and said; “That’s it for me. I will never swing a bat again.” 
	Dave laughed, walked over and patted him once on the back. He couldn’t ask if his father had noticed the little bit he took off and his father never said anything about it. Dave hoped he couldn’t tell. They silently walked back into the house and drank coffee. As Dad was leaving he said; “You definitely need to master that splitter. See ‘ya tomorrow.”
	Dave smiled and nodded and then watched his father walk down to his car. He opened the gate with his clicker and watched the car slowly bump down the long driveway. When it was out of sight he shut it and almost made a tear, settling on wet eyes. He wondered what his father was thinking. 
	Dave got another coffee and sat on the living room couch. The silence was consuming as he looked through a window seeing leafless willows, blue sky and sunlight. His mind raced, flip-flopping between thoughts of his wrecked baseball career, his need for an income, the effects this would have on his relationship with Lucretia and whether or not his father could tell that he took a little off the fast one. He never previously realized how easy he had it up until now. All he had to do was show up. Now, at this advanced age, it seemed as if there were no longer going to be any easy answers. It was particularly nasty that all the crap happened when he was least able to deal with it. If he was younger and still held out promise he could have gotten a new contract from some other team and all that would change was his uniform and the amount of time spent in his Weehawken condo. He rubbed his sore right arm, simultaneously forgetting about everything else and drifted off to sleep, his eyes fixed on the perfect sky.

	Having slept much of the day away, Dave fidgeted all night, unable to sleep. He found the dark, soundless bedroom un-nerving. It was as if he was again four years old and afraid of the dark, dependent on his parents to get him a night light. But, those days were long gone and he had no night light in his house. 

Tewksbury, NJ 12-21-12
	At 2AM he was completely disgusted with himself, got out of bed and went downstairs to the living room. He sat on the couch and put on the TV, his night light substitute. He checked the listings and nothing caught his interest. He wanted the dull light the TV provided more than caring about the images and sounds that accompanies it. He reclined on the couch and quickly determined that he was cold and hungry. He retrieved his blanket from the bedroom and fixed himself coffee, ham and eggs. 
	His full stomach and warming blanket made him finally feel sleepy and the last thing he remembered was Jed Clampett heading somewhere with rifle in tow.

	He was jarred awake by the gate bell and scooted to the window to see his father’s light blue Honda waiting there. He squinted at the Grandfathers clock and saw that it would soon be 9AM. He pushed the controller button and the rusted gate swung open, groaning so loudly in the stillness of the early winter morning that it made Dad wonder if it would make it.
	Dave watched him navigate the driveway and waited at the front door. As his father neared he opened it and said; “Man, you’re early.”
	Dad looked at his wristwatch and said; “9AM?” as he walked through the open door.
	“Yeah, right. I didn’t sleep so well last night.”
	“I figured that.” Dad headed for the kitchen, but Dave said; “Let’s go in the living room. I’m kind of set up in there already.”
	Dad went in the room with the blanket and the droning TV, taking a seat in a dark green Queen Anne wing chair with full view of the electronic festivities. He eyed the TV which was playing a morning women’s talk show. The five present seemed to be discussing something about the sexual personae of a Top Ten author, which they inferred based on his new release as opposed, and in similarity to, that which they thought was implied in prior spoutings. He derisively said; “What are you watching?”
	“I’m not watching anything. I was asleep until the gate bell went off. Put on whatever you want. I’ll get both of us coffee.”
	Dad found ESPC and when Dave returned he saw two tiny Oriental men crouched with paddles in hand, positioned ten feet from the green, wooden picnic table, decorated with a tiny net at its center, hitting a plastic ball to each other. One of them was grunting and yelling out what sounded like an attack preparation drill in Japanese whenever he struck the tiny ball, which click-clacked back and forth to their great fascination.
	Dave handed Dad his coffee and said; “Glad you found something good.”  He sat on the deep blue Chippendale couch and put the blanket over his legs.
	They casually downed their beverages as they intently watched the Tokyo World Table Tennis Championship’s quarter finals.
	Dad said; “How’s your arm?”
	“Sore. ....... Just like it always is the first time I throw every year. Nothing unusual.”
	“Hope you’re right. Sometimes when someone tries a new delivery it permanently messes up something in his arm.”
	Dave thought that this information would have been more appropriately given yesterday. He started to get annoyed, but then thought that there must be a joke someplace that he had missed. He said; “I never heard that one.”
	“Oh, yeah. Look up Dizzy Dean.”
	Dave stared at his father who was intently watching the picnic diversion. He saw a poker face which gave no tip of jest. But, Dave had known him to be good at that and as soon as he would show some sign of being upset Dad would smirk and reveal the relevant fact that he did not know. He decided that he wouldn’t show anything except a lack of concern. The match seemed to have ended with the roar of the winner and Dave wondered if someone was going to attempt to hop the net.
	Dave said; “It was a shame that it happened to Dean. He was supposed to have been pretty good, so why did he change his delivery?”
	“He broke his toe. His team was in a pennant race and couldn’t win without him, so he pitched on it before it healed.”
	Dave was a bit incredulous saying; “No one would do that today.”
	“Right.”
	Dave thought he detected a derogatory inflection about today’s players and responded; “And with good reason. Look what happened to him.”
	“His team didn’t come out too bad. During the off season they traded him to another team, who gave the Cardinals a bunch of good players, only to find out that Dean couldn’t pitch anymore.”
	“That wouldn’t happen today either. He’d have to go through a physical exam before the trade was finalized.”
	“Might not catch a dead arm.”
	They watched the “sporting events” which excited the announcers only. Dave was still famished and heated up TV dinners for the duo’s lunch. They finished at 11AM and it was warm enough to continue yesterday’s work.
	Dad took his place by the mattress and Dave threw easily from close in, gradually working his way back, complaining that his arm was sore. 
	After he reached his whining tolerance level Dad said; “Would you rather have a sore arm or a sore bank book?”
	Dave kept throwing, with the knowledge that his arm would be fine in a few days. He improved on the prior day’s performance, getting strikes on about one-third of his pitches. More importantly, when he got it right, the ball dropped a good two feet, making it difficult for his father to catch. 

Chapter 7

TEWKSBURY, NJ 12-22, 23 AND 24-12
	Dave fell into a monotonous but necessary routine. His nights were conducive to panic as if he lay alone in the silent bedroom his mind would focus on all the problems, real and potential, that he would be facing. Every creak that the house made in the night winds made him think that somebody or something was inside on their way to get him. He felt certain that given his situation he was on some kind of “shit list.” So he spent his evenings under the blanket on the couch watching ESPC. He became cursorily edified in the arts of chain sawing, cheerleading, archery, holding one’s breath under water, beach volleyball in bikinis and bungee jumping. While he always enjoyed new subjects, most importantly, he got a good night’s sleep.
	His Dad visited daily and caught as Dave started to get the splitter over the imaginary plate half the time. This was encouraging to both as almost every hurler who threw this weird pitch did no better. They only used it as a strikeout pitch when they got ahead in the count using the other stuff they more accurately controlled. Dave felt as if he was getting close, but at the same time also knew that to do it in game conditions was another story. Dad invited him back home for Christmas, saying; “Your mother would like to see you.”

	Dave was encouraged. Each day, after his father left, he got twenty balls out of the barn and threw at the mattress. He noticed that when he held the ball between his second and third fingers, keeping them stable, that the ball would regularly sink. His curiosity got the better of him during the course of his rewarding practice and he tried variations to see if anything else could be accomplished, just like all the kids did when he was a youngster. He discovered that if he rolled his third finger that the ball would not only sink, but it would also break like a curve. And if he rolled his second finger it would drop and break like a screwball.
	He liked having the larger repertoire, but only threw the “regular” splitter to his father, not wanting to risk the possibility of being considered an ingrate. He greatly appreciated what the “old man” had taught him.  

Chapter 8


	Christmas morning Dave took his BMW and headed for Bayonne. Last minute nerves took over and the rumble in his stomach matched that of the engine. It wasn’t that he feared seeing his father on his home turf; it was his mother. Four years prior when he announced he would marry Lucretia, Mom, who had met her with others present for all of forty minutes, said that Dave would be disowned if he did. Mom said; “She’s crazy.” 
	Dave considered that one of her stronger points and wasn’t about to debate a nebulous word, especially when he thought he could predict the adamant nature of Mom’s position and wasn’t about to change his own mind. She didn’t want to let go no matter the woman in question as she had been insisting since he was fifteen that they should all live together in a two-family house in Sayreville. Not being particularly expensive Dave offered to buy her one eight years ago and his offer was rejected over the course of a nonsensical conversation which ended with Mom saying; “Nobody tells me what to do,” and storming out of the room. 
	Dad had always taken care of her needs, but who knew how long he would last. Dave thought he looked pretty old at forty. To complicate matters Dave remembered that Dad always supported Mom, including when Dave took his side in a discussion/argument. This was confusing to all parties present as Dad would seem to be taking one stance when talking to Mom, but if Dave took his side he would switch to the other outlook and agree with Mom, who must have been glad to get her way, but sad to be abruptly curtailed in her enjoyment of a good argument. Dad would say to Dave; “That’s your mother,” and after being informed as such about fifty times Dave concluded that his father believed that was true or that he was compelled to oversell a weak position.
	So, here he was in his quickly-becoming-gray, black BMW, slogging through the soot-mixed puddles on the streets paving the way to Factoryville, NJ and to see his mother for the first time in four years. Dave was always one to find the silver lining and he thought; “No doubt Dad came to see me at the instruction of Mom, so she must want to see me and not have to openly admit it. When I was a kid I probably got the benefit of an excellent baseball education, because it was an excuse for Dad to be away from Mom for long periods. Necessary ‘work’ and all that. This must have been the one thing he defied her about, as she always spoke of the possibility of injury. It didn’t match her interest at all. ...... It’s kind of comical that when I got older I relied on my physical prowess, rather than making use of the knowledge imparted. Ah, at least I helped in getting him out of the house.”
	About five miles from his destination he realized that he was lost. Perhaps new roads built since his departure caused confusion; perhaps he was dazzled by the Christmas decorations; or perhaps he unconsciously didn’t want to get there. Whatever the reason he found himself on a short back road he couldn’t recall ever seeing previously. It was always a bit tricky to get into Bayonne, the “oasis” sandwiched between Jersey City and Newark, but he had made the trip countless previous times and wasn’t concentrating on the road, the same way he had mindlessly pitched. The road was parallel with some still body of water and had “suburban” type houses on a quarter of an acre rising from the road on the other side. It reminded him of Lodi after a heavy rainfall. With minimal traffic to impede him he drove slowly hoping for a sign which might lead him in the right direction. At the corner of a road coming from the development he found many signs posted. They indicated that 386 was this way with a horizontal arrow; 444 was that way with a bent arrow pointing at the low, dull sky; and that 517 was the other way with another bent arrow pointing to the ground. He wished things still had names.
	He decided to stay his course thinking that if it proved to be the wrong one he could easily double back to this spot and try another route. After a mile the road turned inland and ended, splitting into two other nameless numbers. He knew he had made the right choice when he saw John’s Bargain Store on a rise to his right. The 1940’s forerunner of today’s deep discount department store chains was a landmark to him. Every Bayonne habitué had spent hours at John’s and despite the prices now being higher than importers from China locals were loyal. Bayonne was always a union town and a sizable elderly contingent still descends on City Hall whenever a modern discounter tries to establish a presence, careening wildly in their wheelchairs, pounding their crutches and asking their nearest neighbor; “What did that crook say?” whenever a politician spoke.
	Dave went right, onto the four lane Boulevard. He took it to Seventeenth Street making a left and then made another left onto Avenue C. He parked across the street from the four story apartment building and viewed his first home. He thought that he caught a fleeting glimpse of his Mom in a fourth story window. The figure moved away and he felt as if he was fifteen years old again, coming home late from some exciting excursion, readying himself to be given the third degree. He would be required to tell where he was, why he was there, why he lost track of time and contritely promise to never do it again. At that point Mom would say that she was worried to death, what a good boy Anthony Chludzinski is, and how his mother never had to put up with the things that she suffered. She cared.
	As Dave crossed the street he looked at the brick building and its similar attached mate. He expected that at any moment Margie, Sandra, Big Joe or Ryan would turn a corner looking precisely as cool or goofy as they did when they were fifteen, with their over-confident, king or queen-big-cat gaits. But, like him, they must be elsewhere. The fronting fire escape appeared as rickety as ever, with nothing of a ninety degree angle left anywhere. It probably had not been used since 1987 when Richie, a rotund boy with Down’s syndrome who played with the other kids, locked himself in a bathroom and forgot how to get out. His single mother was helpless. So a cop climbed the shaking, rattling and rolling piece of government decreed safety and rescued crying Richie by entering the second floor window and opening the door. Dave climbed two steps and pushed open the heavy iron door, entering the small lobby, home of the mailboxes and not much else. He pushed the buzzer and got an echo, allowing him to open the inside door. He climbed the stairs in the staircase devoid of light. Four floors and he saw them both standing half in the hall and half in the house. He mumbled a feeble “Merry Christmas” and hugged his mother. She bristled and kept her arms at her sides. He let go and she said; “Where are my presents?”
	Dave stepped back, extended his arms to the sides and said; “Moi.”
	Dad grimaced and made a snorting sound.
	Mom said; “Well, come on in anyway.”
	Dave followed his mother past what was once his room, the kitchen and into the living room with his father imitating a caboose.
	Dave started to sit in a slipcovered plushy chair when Mom said; “Don’t you want to see the tree?”
	Dave straightened back out and answered; “Is it still the pink one?” He was immediately sorry and was reminded that he should only attempt public speaking armed with a script. The tree had been a bone of contention ever since Mom bought the artificial two foot midget when he was a teenager. Years ago he had laughed at it, called it a crime against nature and ridiculous, and when he was in a really foul mood he would say that it wasn’t Christmas with a stupid pink tree.
	Mom stiffened and said; “Okay, if you don’t you don’t.”
	Dave said; “Of course I want to see the Christmas tree. It’s the spirit that matters.”
	They all entered the adjoining bedroom and there it was; as pink as ever with garlands, tinsel, tiny multi-colored lights, a few miniature gold-leafed saints, red and green balls that proportionally seemed the size of grapefruits, and at the very top was a flying white porcelain woman in a blue wrap. Nothing had changed. As a kid Dave wondered who the flying woman was, asked, but got no definitive answer. He tried again.
	He was surprised to find out that mom now claimed to know the winged one’s identity, stating that she was one of the Morrigans, technically classified as war goddesses, but who would fly over fields of battle and somehow end the skirmish. She said that they were revered in Ireland where there is an annual celebration and she made a limp wristed hand gesture and slanted eyes.
	Dave wondered if she made up the story. He said; “That really is a great tree. It just takes some getting used to; an acquired taste.”
	Mom braced and waved her formerly limp hand dismissively, saying; “Ah, I got it at a post-Christmas sale for a dollar ninety-nine twenty five years ago. Get your eyes off the top and see the base.”
	Dave saw an envelope with his name on it, “Little Dave,” ostensibly to avoid confusion. He was accustomed to receiving cash presents in his adulthood. He thought that his mother was just too lazy to shop, but she insisted that she had no idea what he wants. Right now, he could use the cash. He opened the envelope and found that his mother had gotten creative. She had obtained a color photo of Lucretia in a bikini and substituted strings of tiny replicas of paper currency for it. There was also a proportionately refrigerator sized hundred dollar bill that she seemed to be ogling. Dave broke into a grin which became wider and wider. He said; “Very appropriate, mother.”
	As Mom smiled and nodded, Dave added; “But, tell me one woman you know who is unconcerned with the almighty buck. Maybe Lucretia is just more up-front about it.”
	For the ten thousandth time Dave’s Dad informed him of his maternal kinship, and that it was his mother who he was talking to, once more being enlightening or over-selling. Dave sensed that the situation had become dangerous, when Mom excused herself and went into the bathroom. He couldn’t think of anything safe to say and couldn’t get out of the room without scampering across the bed as he was blocked in by his father. Neither spoke for a few seconds, each preferring the rebuttal position. Dad finally gave in and said; “You always have to say something ‘smart.’”
	Now Dave had a few directions open to him and he replied; “She knows that’s a sore point and after four years that’s the first thing she brings up.” He was again reminded that she was his mother. He hoped there would be no detectable sobbing.
	Mom exited the bathroom, acted as if she was fine and said; “Why’s everybody standing around the ridiculous tree? Come on in the kitchen and eat.”
	Dave took a burnt sienna, bent tubing exposed, modestly upholstered chair in the kitchen which was hot with oven balminess and a strong scent of turkey. He rested his elbows on the plasticized cover decorating the table he had never seen, because of its penchant for staying safeguarded. The few cigarette burns on the beige cover were testimony to its wise decision. The table rocked as he leaned and he jumped back to an unassisted sitting position. He said; “I forgot that this wobbled.” The yams, green beans, corn and pumpernickel bread already sat in dishes on the table and Mom opened the oven door to retrieve the turkey raising the heat level and fragrance to mid-day tropical and potent. He found it pleasant to mildly perspire in the dead of winter. The alley-viewing kitchen window fogged over depriving him of a vision of the light reflecting storm windows across the way. Mom poured ice tea and sat.
	As everyone filled their plates Dave and Dad commented on the appeal of what Mom had prepared, especially the tenderness of the turkey. Somewhat embarrassed at the compliments of a task which didn’t seem all that extraordinary, Mom changed the subject saying flatly; “So, I hear you’re out of work.”
	The phraseology made Dave laugh. He never thought of himself as one who worked. He responded somewhat generally saying; “That’s one of the weird things about being a ballplayer. While others keep working until they’re 62 or 65, we’re retired in our middle thirties. It leaves us a lot of time to fill.”
	Mom said; “You can always get another job.”
	Dave responded; “I never wanted a job.”
	Dad said; “With your name recognition, you could do well at insurance sales. Everybody wants to talk to athletes.”
	Dave recalled that this was something his father had always said when he was a kid; before they were sure that he’d become a pro. He didn’t like the idea of peddling then and the years hadn’t changed his outlook. He said; “We’ll see,” in an unconvincing manner.
	Mom said; “Are you too good to sell insurance?”
	Another dinosaur approached, but Dave fended it off with ease. He said; “Of course not. I just don’t like it; that’s all. Can you imagine going into someone’s home and telling them that if they insure their car with your company they can reduce their monthly payment from $183 to $139, fully aware that you’re able to accomplish this magic by reducing their coverage in a way you hope they don’t detect, at the same time listening to the husband’s memories of how you pitched to Randy Wadsworth a decade ago and how he knew how to do it better. And if you’re successful in not insulting his limited baseball knowledge and they don’t find where their coverage has been diminished you make about a hundred bucks.”
	Mom seemed to understand, or at least wasn’t very able to counter. She said; “What do you like to do?”
	“I don’t know. ......... Checking to see that the automatic credit went into my account. Finding the dollar value of my investments. ......... Do you remember when I took that test before college? I didn’t know what to major in, so you found this testing place to determine what I was most suited for. The questions were like; ‘Do you prefer working indoors or out?’ and ‘Would you rather work alone or with a team?’ That kind of stuff. Well, I went and answered all their questions honestly and the results came back; ‘No particular interest in anything.’ I take their word. The experts have spoken.” Dave found this not-the-first-time-told story amusing, but neither of his parents was laughing.
	Mom shook her head and spoke to Dad. She said; “See, he takes after your side of the family.”
	Dad said; “No way. He’s more like your brother who knows everything about everything and does nothing.”
	Mom vehemently retorted; “No, no, no. He reminds me of that cop brother of yours. The one who got himself assigned to the supply depot, because he doesn’t like people.”
	Dave said; “Wait a minute. I ......”
	Mom and Dad didn’t even look his way and Dad responded to Mom, saying; “It’s not that Walter doesn’t like people. It’s that he doesn’t like getting shot at. Dave’s more like your nut father who locked himself in his room for twenty years.”
	Dave tried again, saying; “I don’t think ......”
	Mom cut him off; “My nut father had good reason to require some privacy. He had seven children, six of them girls in four rooms. Now, you want to talk about nuts. How about your brother, Adolph, hanging around with schvatzas and fighting with dogs.”
	Dave said; “I like dogs. I never ......”
	Dad interrupted to say; “No. He’s more like your pretentious sister Virginia with the piano that neither she nor any of her kids can play. Remember when we visited her and had to sit through three of her brats clanging on the thing and then having to say how good they were at it.”
	Dave sighed and ate his turkey while it was still warm.
	Mom said; “I never really liked Virginia anyway. I just wanted to visit her that once because she was always talking about what a big deal house she had. Remember when she had the gall to put it on her Christmas cards. But, how about that sister of yours; Terry was supposed to be his (Dave’s) godmother and the last time she saw him was at the Christening. That’s where he gets that stuff from.”
	Dave looked at the ceiling as he re-remembered tales of his illustrious gene pool. He only knew them from tales as he never met any one of them more than three times as his father intensely disliked his mother’s family and his mother felt the same way about Dad’s and often her own. Dave thought; “Considering the circumstances it’s quite an accomplishment for me to not have axe-murdered anybody. In a very real way I’m flattered as I never wanted to be like any of them and here they are adamantly saying that I got my wish.”
	Dad said; “That stuff you’re talking about is more like the stuff that other sister of yours pulled all her life. She started screwing guys when she was thirteen and at age 60, she’s hanging around bars trying to get someone to screw her. She never had a job in her life.”
	Dave said; “Come on. I’ve never screwed a guy and I can’t even remember the last time I was in a bar.”
	Mom looked in Dave’s direction, but really didn’t hear what he was saying as she was trying to think of some retort to Dad’s last familial observation. She was not successful, so she glowered at her husband and said; “To be continued. This is Christmas and we’re being very poor hosts.” She looked at Dave and continued; “How do you like the turkey, darling? Oh, I see that you’ve finished it. You must have. Would you like some more? I’ll reheat it. Mine’s cold now.” She stood up and said; “But, before I do that there’s something I want you to see. Your father won’t like this, but that’s his problem. Did you know that he kept a scrapbook of all your exploits?”
	Dad went rigid and said; “Don’t.”
	Dave said a mild “No.”
	Mom left the kitchen and Dad followed her nervously. Dave heard a drawer open, then a scuffle with papers falling, and cries of “Gimme,” “Gimme,” and “Gimme.” Dave went to their new altercation area and saw that each had two hands on a frayed photo-album-type-of-book. Dad took a final violent pull and had it in his possession. Mom said; “You might as well let him see it now. He knows what it is anyway.”
	Dad carried it to the kitchen and placed it on the table in front of Dave’s seat. Dave turned the pages and saw that it was about him; whenever he had done something worthy of note the newspaper notice was clipped and taped to the thick leaves. He chose to start at the beginning and the first entry was a box score of a baseball game dated 9-1-87 in which he saw his name as having 1 AB, 0 R and 1 H. He remembered the significance of the day, as it was his eight year old first season in the Little League; the last game of the season in which he registered his only hit of the year. At the time he was convinced that he would be embarrassed to be one of the few players to not get a hit all year long, but on this day he hit a soft liner over the shortstop’s head to finish the season at 1-25, a batting average of .040. He recalled that he was generally hitting the ball someplace, but invariably to one of the fielders. His other eight year old competitors struck out regularly, but when they did manage to make contact the ball went to the right place. As a consequence the others teased him, calling him “the hitless wonder,” which now required revision. He said; “I remember that day. A guy named Connolly was pitching; a left hander with a tailing fastball and not much else. I was afraid that the shortstop would go get it.”
	Dad said; “He should have caught it. He got a late start.”
	The next entry was a newspaper photo of him and his father; seemingly instructional. They were seated and Dad was holding out his right hand, palm up and fingers together. At the time Mom said to Dad that he talked like a Ginny, with his hands. In actuality he rarely did that, but this was the pose requested by the photographer-journalist. The date was 7-9-88 and it was Dave’s first flirtation with glory, as the purpose of the article was to highlight him as potentially the first nine year old Little Leaguer in Bayonne’s history to bat .300. In actuality he finished at .292, but it was close enough. 
	There was another entry the same month, a box score dated 7-25-88. Dave pitched for the first time. He had been bugging his father, now the manager, all year to let him as he had already mastered the curveball. Dad declined saying; “It will look like I’m showing favoritism and the twelve-year-olds deserve their chance.” However, as the year progressed, the team did badly and the twelve-year-olds seemed to get worse with each outing. So, Dave got his first chance and proceeded to pitch a no-hitter into the bottom of the last inning (the sixth), when a left-handed hitter named Donovan homered after Dave walked someone, to end the game with a 2-1 score. Dave told his father; “I’ve often referred to this game when talking to other players. I tell them that in the first game I ever pitched at age nine, I had a no-hitter going into the last inning. They usually look at me as if I was full of something. I tell them that indeed it was true, but that the real reason for it was that my fastball was so slow the hitters kept over-swinging, looking for a home run, and as a consequence kept hitting little pop-ups.”
	Dad nodded and made a tiny, tight-lipped grin.
	Mom said something, which reflected her lack of baseball player understanding, to the effect that Dave was being unduly modest.
	After the last clipping it was off to the races. At the age of ten, Dave pitched the season’s opener on 6-9-89 and an oversized headline said; “CARVE OUT A NICHE IN THE HALL OF FAME FOR DAVE NELSON,” as he had pitched a real no-hitter on opening day. During the off-season Dad and he had worked on his stride; extending it, resulting in a competent hard one to accompany the curve.
	Dave said; “That was the day I knew that I’d play in the big leagues someday.”
	Dad said; “That was pre-mature.”
	“Oh yeah. I know that now. I also learned that every guy in the majors and some that never made it would have a scrapbook like this if their fathers had kept one. One of my pet peeves is when a fan says something like they could do better when a pro messes up. They don’t realize that they couldn’t come close as all these guys are damn near flawless in what they do, and they all were heads and shoulders above the local competition. Sure some hit .300 and others .250, not noticeable to anyone without the use of long term statistics, but a fan would bat .040, if that high. And with a handful of exceptions they play the field perfectly. If the fans have any doubts about that they ought to try watching a few double A games, to see how sloppy this beautiful game can look, played by people much better than themselves.”
	Mom said; “You’re all so great. Is that what you’re saying?”
	Dave said; “No, closer to the opposite. When we’re together we don’t talk about our great accomplishments. Nobody wants to hear that and we all have stories. We tell each other about the games we messed up and what we couldn’t do. For me, there was this guy named Kessler I pitched to about forty times in college. I think he batted .900 against me. Left hand hitting first baseman, no power, would just slap at the ball. He’d wear me out. He’d foul pitches off and I’d throw him what seemed like ten pitches every at-bat. I’d mix in fastballs, overhand curves, three-quarter curves, sidearm curves, changeups, even a submariner here and there. And I’d always wind up walking him or he’d hit a little liner somewhere deep in the count. Anyway, I was pitching to him one really hot day, Arizona, and it must have been 120 degrees on the field. I got ahead of him, 0-2, and then he starts fouling everything off. I miss a few and the count goes to 3-2. I swear to God that by this time I must have thrown him fifteen pitches. He’s seen everything I can throw twice in this one at-bat, so I didn’t know what to give him next. I go to my best pitch, a hard three-quarters curve and he lines it over the second baseman’s head. I’m dripping sweat and thinking that if I had to pitch to only Kesslers I’d only last about ten batters and nine of them would have gotten on base. I decided right there that if he comes up again without anyone on base I’m just going to lob the ball in real easy and hope he hits the first one. He’s going to get on base anyway and at least I won’t get worn out by one batter.”
	Dad asked; “Did you do that?”
	Dave said; “No. That was the last time I faced him. I heard he got hit in the face by some really hard thrower and quit.”
	Mom flinched and said; “Ooooh. Did he do it on purpose?”
	Dave answered; “I doubt it, but only he knows for sure. The thing is that when a guy is throwing 98-104 miles per hour, to have any chance of hitting it, a hitter has to start his swing before he even sees the ball. Once he’s committed, if the ball comes at him, there’s no time to get out of the way. And some of these college pitchers are wild. Some of the triple A pitchers are wild. In fact the biggest differences between a major league game and a triple A one is that in the majors pitchers throw strikes and batters hit for power or have speed.”
	Mom shook her head and looked at Dad, saying; “See, I thought this was a dangerous game. That’s why I didn’t want him playing.”
	As his father squirmed in his seat and grimaced, looking for the right words, Dave jumped in ahead of him and said; “When a pitcher wants to hit you it’s pretty easy to tell. You can see if a pitcher has got his good control and then righty versus righty or lefty versus lefty, they throw a hard curve or a cut fast ball, formerly known as a slider behind the hitter. It freezes him and he gets hit in the back. People rarely aim at the head, because head shots are hard to do and helmets are worn. It’s too easy to duck.” Dave laughed solitarily.
	Mom said; “How come it freezes the hitter?”
	Dave said; “It’s a mental thing. Keep in mind they only have a fraction of a second to think about it. Batters get used to backing away from pitches that come at them. When one starts out behind them, their instinct is to back up, but instantaneously their mind says; ‘No, that’s where the ball is, stupid,’ and they are paralyzed. What they really should do is move forward, across the plate, but they can’t.”
	Mom said; “Did you ever purposely hit anyone?”
	Dave said; “Honestly, no. I’m not saying that to sound like some nice guy, either. I just never wanted to walk anyone or let them get to first base without having hit the ball somewhere. You know, earn it.” 
	Mom said; “Did you ever get hit with a pitch?”
	Dave said; “Sure. I doubt if any were purposeful. I never got hit in the head. Pitchers are particularly cautious about hitting the other pitcher as it could start an out and out war.”
	Dad addresses himself to Mom and says; “Why are we going through all this stuff? I’ve already gone through it with you at length.”
	Mom said; “I’m just checking to see if he gives me the same garbage you do.”
	Dave chuckled, Dad grimaced and Mom was stone faced.
 	Dave turned pages, but refrained from speaking about any more of the clippings. While it was tempting he didn’t want to spend Christmas bringing up old Dave stories. It produced an odd feeling for a pitcher, in that he really didn’t want to be the center of attention. He would rather listen to his parents tell him about their exploits, old and new. He got to the end quickly and said; “I’d like to spend a lot more time with this. Can I take it with me?”
	Dad said; “It’s yours in my will.”
	Mom directed her voice to Dad and said; “Oh, come on. Let him. He’ll bring it back.” Dad did his customary acquiescence and nodded approval.
	Dave said; “Good. Now, you two tell me all about what you’ve been up to lately.”
	Mom stood and asked if anyone wanted some wine, hearing two “Sure’s.”
	When delivered and settled Dave re-iterated his query.
	Mom and Dad looked at each other as if they would silently communicate who would answer the stupid question. With no clear volunteer, Mom said; “You know your cousin Joe has moved into a trailer park.”
	Dave said; “He left Bayonne?”
	Mom said; “No. He bought that attached house for $330,000 five or six years ago and I found out that he hasn’t paid the mortgage in two years. He had it up for sale, but the only offer was $150,000. So, the bank took possession of it and he’s in a trailer, and the heat and water don’t work right.” She showed the slightest bit of a smile.
	Dave said; “Is it just a trailer or a trailer park? I don’t know of any in Bayonne.”
	Mom excitedly said; “No, it’s a real trailer park and I didn’t know there were any here either. It’s down at the end of Twenty-Fourth Street by the bay.”
	Dave said; “Have you seen it.”
	Mom replied; “Yeah. Your father and I took a ride there, but we didn’t stay long.”
	Dave said; “Did you go in?”
	Mom said; “No, no. We just took a look.”
	Conversation paused noticeably and Mom broke the lull, saying; “He’s been trying to borrow money from everybody the last two years. He lied to me and said that he was paying the mortgage, so I gave him a few bucks that I’ll never see again. When you owe $300,000 on a mortgage, the bank takes the house and it’s only worth $150,000, do you still owe the difference?”
	Dave said; “I haven’t the slightest.”
	Mom said; “Oh, come on. You do too.”
	Dave said; “No, really.”
	Mom said; “Ah, what the hell did you go to college for?”
	With a straight face Dave answered; “To play baseball.”
	In the ensuing silence Dave became powerfully aware of the stagnant air, heavy with the aroma of hot turkey. He glanced at his mother’s reddish-blond hair sitting firmly in place courtesy of Helen’s beauty parlor and hairspray. The style was not one easily categorized. It was curled with large rollers and hadn’t changed in Dave’s lifetime. It was merely her. The onslaughts of age had thus far only had minimal effects, making her ears seem somewhat larger, her un-spectacled eyes still focused on items of interest, anxiously darting around, and her thin lips were sealed without the help of lipstick. Dad sat almost perfectly still, occasionally flexing his back against the chair and looking at something on the ceiling. He didn’t move his eyes as much as his whole head turned upward when he flexed. The sole undraped window was still blocked with heat condensation, which here and there ran to the sill in tiny streams only to be immediately replaced by more obscuring moisture.
	Dave felt hot, a bit light-headed and silly to be at something of a stifling graveyard reunion and said; “So, tell me what’s new and interesting in your lives?”
	He was answered with shrugs and grimaces, which was not unexpected as his parents seemed to never change. While their contemporaries were moving to the suburbs, taking overseas vacations and joining dance clubs they sat here. Dave wasn’t sure if they were bored, content or addicted to barbiturates.
	He said; “I don’t watch much TV. Is there anything good on?”
	His parents uncomfortably looked at each other, hoping the other had some response. Mom finally said; “There’s a whole bunch of unreal ‘reality’ programming and it all stinks.”
	Dave thought he might have an inroad and offered; “I saw one about four adult Italian couples going down the Jersey shore. They were in their late twenties or early thirties and the guys were most interested in getting into a fight. Pretty retarded.”
	Mom asked; “Did they get into one?”
	Dave said; “Sort of. They started up with some people on the boardwalk. But, what kind of fight are you going to get with a commentator and camera crew right there? That’s probably why they felt so ‘bad.’”
	Mom asked; “What were the wives doing?”
	Dave responded; “Not much. Sitting in the hotel room comparing purses.”
	The conversation flowed the remainder of Dave’s visit as each told of moronic things they had seen on TV, Dad being a sporadic fan of Jerry Springer. He drove home at dusk, scrapbook in tow, feeling out of sorts. He wasn’t unhappy. He wasn’t elated. He wondered if this was what families do at gatherings. This was the only family he knew and this was fairly typical. The TV families he had seen usually were more excited about something in their personal lives and chanted to each other shaking with exhilaration. He decided that TV provided the fantasy viewers wished were their own lives. 
	Still, there was an empty space and he filled it by turning on the car radio. He skipped over channels playing happy Christmas songs and settled in on one which devoted itself to urban "reality.” He heard DTMC (Determined To Make Currency) rap;
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! You can’t be like me.
Bad, big, black and drippin’ credibility.
No stupid job, just a good time.
Livin’ the life of a star.
You can shove your dime.
..........................
..........................
..........................

	Dave was thankful that wasn’t his family reality and didn’t think it was DTMO’s either.  

Chapter 9

	Dave got home after dark and was glad to see that Lucretia was still at her sister’s. It gave him the perfect opportunity to relax on the couch, look at the scrapbook and revel in how wonderful he used to be.

NELSON FIRES SECOND NO-HITTER
THIRTEEN YEAR OLD HURLER NEAR PERFECT IN  FIRST TWO BABE RUTH LEAGUE STARTS

The Bayonne Times 6-15-93. Dave Nelson led CJ Murphy to its third straight win, downing Electro Dynamic 5-0, allowing them no hits. It was his second such performance in his first two starts. In this, his first year of eligibility, with two more to go the only question is; “How can he top this?” He struck out 18 and walked 2 in an over-powering performance ................... 
................................................................
................................................................


	Dave thought; “Another auspicious beginning. By this time I was already taking them for granted. I wish that I wasn’t so nonchalant about them, treating them as if they were everyday events. .......... But back then they were everyday events. I never really fully understood that this would end someday. Sure, I knew a day would come, but I’d be fossilized by then and so what? And the whole process was so effortless. Does one only appreciate the things that come through hard work? I’m not sure, but I don’t think that’s it. The one thing I am 100 percent certain of is that I’d love to go back there and feel it again knowing what I know now. ......... Don’t we all?”


CJ MURPHY ENDS FIRST HALF UNDEFEATED
DAVE NELSON PITCHES 3-HITTER TO WRAP UP CROWN

The Bayonne Times 8-1-93. The Murphians completed their unstoppable run through the Central West with a 7-1 drubbing of second place Broadway National Bank, finishing the first half at 15-0. Young Nelson posted his eighth win in as many starts, striking out 15, allowing no walks and hitting one batter. He said; “I was a little wild today and had to just aim at the plate, .........................................................
................................................................
................................................................


	Oddly, as it was far from exceptional, Dave recalled this game much better than most as during warm up his fastball was moving more than usual and he was afraid that he would walk too many hitters. There were probably 300 people in attendance, quite large for a regular season Babe Ruth League game and some kids he had never previously seen were watching him and commenting about how he didn’t look so fast, saying that they had seen many better. He never exerted himself warming up, having some weird idea that your arm had a certain amount of velocity in it every day and he wanted to save it for the game, in effect making his first inning what others would do in warm up. However, on this day he was tempted to demonstrate to the hecklers that he could throw harder than anyone.
	But it was as if someone was watching out for him, when a bolt of clarity struck his brain, telling him that some people, including those currently present, have duplicitous agendas, and that were he dumb enough to try to impress the strangers, he would not have enough left to finish the game.
	As he rubbed the ball in his hands for a better grip he casually referred to the better and faster throwers the hecklers spoke of and said; “So go watch the better ones. Don’t waste your time with me.” He started to pitch even slower than he had previously, just to loosen up his arm.
	They continued their “insults” and Dave saw the ineffectual demons for what they were; vociferous incompetents. When the managers handed in the line-up cards he knew the game would start imminently. As he walked back toward the dugout he said; “They let anybody in here, don’t they?”

BAYONNE TOPS DICKINSON 3-2
TAKE LEAD IN CENTRAL EAST HS DIVISION 5

The Bayonne Times 8-13-94. The Bayonne Bees toppled the Dickinson Hawks from their lofty perch thanks to a clutch two run homer in the sixth inning by “Zeke” Baxter and the solid pitching of fourteen year old Dave Nelson. The freshman hurler mixed in a variety of breaking pitches with his heater, going the distance and allowing five hits, four of which came in a shaky first inning .............................................
................................................................
................................................................

	Dave recalled that as his most important victory up until then, but at the time he was unfazed and annoyed with himself that he had poor control at the outset, a situation which later years would show to be somewhat of a pattern, probably due to his reticence to warm up as much as most. He remembered a strong cross-wind which exaggerated the break of his curveball and how it took some time to adjust to it.	

NELSON BOOED DURING FIFTH NO-HITTER
TOMS RIVER FANS CLAIM THAT HE IS OVERAGE

The Bayonne Times 8-11-96. Dave Nelson had his laughs yesterday, receiving what he considered a reverse compliment when a vocal minority of fans in Dover Township demanded that Bayonne produce proof of his age in the fifth inning. He was breezing to his fifth no-hitter of the year, mixing in a smorgasbord of wicked breaking pitches with his fastball when a group of Toms River players parents petitioned the home plate umpire to verify his credentials stating that; “No kid can throw like that. He’s got to be at least 25.”

Dave told this reporter that the whole situation was amusing and that the protests obviously arose from the frustration felt as southern based Toms River was knocked from its throne. Ranked number one in the state they were undefeated until yesterday. Some say that the northern teams are penalized in the polling system as that’s where the best baseball is played. They play each other a few times a year and beat each other up while the weaker south provides smooth sailing for any decent team; hence Toms River’s unblemished record, until yesterday’s 11-0 drubbing. Bayonne hitters jumped all over Al Feathers left handed slider as each of the starting nine got at least two hits. ..........................................................
................................................................
................................................................


	Dave had no particular memory of this game. To him it was an old predictable story of what happens when a big fish from a large pond meets a big fish from a small one.


NELSON DRAFTED BY TORONTO
LUMBERJACKS FIRST ROUND PICK REPORTEDLY SIGNED?

The Bayonne Times 6-15-97. Though he is not speaking Dave Nelson was drafted by the Toronto Lumberjacks. Of all places! What is wrong with the New Jersey Crows? No wonder they are perennial non-contenders.

However he is also said to be playing college ball next year at Arizona State. What gives? .....................................
................................................................
................................................................

	Dave got the beginnings of his education in law and business when his high school buddy, “Shortshit,” found a bit of a loophole in baseball’s draft laws. Dave could sign a contract now, which he did for $2.5 million and change, defer playing for the Lumberjacks and go to college. He would then be again eligible for another draft after his junior year, and have two teams competing for his services, the value of which could be enhanced by college performance. “Shortshit,” who would subsequently be known as Peter Jaffe, sometimes Esquire, became his hero and agent. They chose to keep the information to themselves as it was difficult to explain, sounded a bit shady and they didn’t want to close off hopes that fans would insist that the Crows draft him the next time around. The clean local hero is the strongest position. Dave and Peter were becoming well-versed in pragmatism and on their way to the big bank.



NELSON CARRIED FROM FIELD
STANDING OVATION IN FAREWELL APPEARANCE

The Bayonne Times 8-25-97. Dave Nelson waved goodbye to his hometown fans after completing a two-hit shutout against nearby rival Newark Tech. He was carried off the field by his team-mates after the 3-0 victory. It may be the last time we see him in Bayonne, as he is now off to Morristown for the state playoffs and then it is on to Arizona State. Bayonne has reached the state tournament each of his four years, and now will have to search ......................................................
................................................................
................................................................

	Dave noticed that in all the wonderful sounding clippings, there were none concerning the winning of a championship game. He was on loads of second place teams, but always managed to mess up in the biggest matches. He was sure that it wasn’t due to nerves as he was very blasé about the whole thing. Yet there was a consistent, unending, undeniable pattern, starting at age twelve of something going wrong at the last minute. In the 8-25-97 clipping while he was on everyone’s back waving and smiling he was indeed very happy and proud. Proud to be regularly receiving solicitation letters from Merrill Execution, Morgan the Buccaneer Investments, Bank of the Entire Nation and Then Some (BENTS) and countless lesser lights. Only eighteen years of age, no hard work and the American dream was delivered to his door. He was thinking; “LIFE IS VERY VERY GOOD WITH SKILLFUL REPRESENTATION.” Now he was getting rumblings that something had always been wrong and he was getting an idea of what that was. 


DAVE NELSON PITCHES SHUTOUT
UPS RECORD TO 3-2 AS ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY KO’S USC

The Bayonne Times 6-1-98. Taken from the Phoenix Daily Furnace. Freshman Dave Nelson showed some of what was expected of him in his fifth start, collaring the University of Southern California’s hard hitting nine with a dazzling array of breaking pitches. He had the USC hitters frustrated and off-balance all game, striking out three, walking none and surrendering five scratch singles. ...............................................
................................................................
................................................................


	Dave recalled that as the day he learned out of necessity that he could effectively pitch while going with breaking pitches eighty percent of the time. In his first four starts he ran out of gas early in the 110 degree heat. The off speed stuff took virtually nothing out of him and rather than looking for strikeouts with a debilitating number one, he found the wisdom of the great Warren Spahn who said; “I only needed two pitches; the one he’s looking for and the one I throw.” Dave had nine variations on the curveball. If he threw it straight overhand it would primarily sink. If he threw it three-quarters it would sink to a lesser degree and go across. If he threw it sidearm it would go across; a pitch he only felt comfortable using in certain situations, despite his father’s recommendation to use it more often. He could throw each variation hard, in-between and slow. In time the hard three-quarters curve became the pitch he could best control. He would come to use it regularly when behind in the count; a big advantage when almost every hitter is looking for the fastball at that point.

DAVE NELSON SIGNS WITH TORONTO AGAIN
DRAFTED BY CLEVELAND IN 2000 BUT SNUBS CAYUHOGA’S FIRE
 
The Bayonne Times 6-15-00. In a confusing situation Dave Nelson was in the draft for a second time and this time was taken by Cleveland. It was formerly reported that he had signed with the Toronto Lumberjacks after having been drafted by them in 1997. This reporter could well understand why Nelson chose to stay out of Cleveland, whose surname is that of a river that periodically goes up in flames, and having only one other choice; Canada, where baseball is somewhere around the eleventh favorite sport ................................................................
................................................................

	Dave thought; “Another tribute to Peter Jaffe. With another suitor on the line after two and one-half seasons of college ball with a 42-20 record and a 2.28 ERA he negotiated a $4,000,000 signing bonus and I insisted on and got no time in the minor leagues. Who could ask for more?”


DAVE NELSON SHUTS OUT UCLA
HOMETOWN HERO PITCHES FINAL COLLEGE GAME

The Bayonne Times 8-25-01. Bayonne’s beauty, Dave Nelson continued the unstoppable momentum which will next year be displayed in the American League East for the Toronto Lumberjacks. Though the last seven words sound totally absurd one must remember that we’re at the beginning of a new century replete with limitless cyberspace where location has become substantially irrelevant. Personally, I’ll wait for him to pitch in New Jersey and root against the hometown also-rans who ignored him twice.

Using a wide array of pitches Dave had UCLA’s hitters looking as if they had some muscular affliction, lunging after pitches and often swinging the bat as one might broom sweep their garage. He allowed only two hits while recording three strikeouts. He didn’t walk anyone, which has become a trademark for the hiller who makes you earn it. He ended his spectacular college career with a 70-26 won-loss record and a 2.09 ERA ....................
................................................................
................................................................


	Now financially “secure” Dave recalled actually enjoying this final college season, perhaps because he was very popular on campus. It was something new for him as in high school everyone revered the members of the football and basketball teams, but had no interest in knowing the baseball players. It was a fleeting and joyful feeling which returned to its hiding place when February cut the school year in half and brought spring training; the last sentence not only absurd and oxymoronic, but nonetheless real. 
	Dave thought of some of the people he knew that last year. He went his way and they went theirs. He hadn’t thought of them in years. He wondered why people didn’t keep in touch. Dave thought of cyberspace, work, family and airplanes; but dismissed them all as symptomatic. The roots were deeper. He thought of his own four year hiatus from his mother and father caused by Mom’s dislike of Lucretia. Maybe people just plain old didn’t like each other. Maybe old acquaintances were intimidated by his laughable status as a rich athlete, much like the girl who people consider so perfect that no one dares ask her for a date while she sits at home and wonders what’s wrong with her.
	He knew no answers; only questions and more questions. To clear his useless head he went outside and threw cut splitters into a very beaten mattress.

TWIN TOWERS DESTROYED
BIN-LADEN AND AL QAEDA SAID TO BE RESPONSIBLE
2,000 DEAD, WAR ON AMERICA DECLARED?

THE NEW YORK CLOCK 9-12-01. Shock pervaded the country yesterday when two planes hijacked by suicide ............................
................................................................
................................................................


	In Bayonne Dad said; “Holy shit.”
	In Tewksbury Dave said; “Holy shit.”
	In NYC Joel said; “Conspiracy.”
	In Boston Kenneth said; “Annihilate Al Qaeda.”
	In Taos Aldous said; “They’re perceptibly anarchic. Every imbecile grasps that ‘Q’ is always shadowed by ‘U.’”
	In Newport Gavin said; “We must protect ourselves.”
	In Selma Lemuel said; “Got dam darkies. We got to make ‘em pay.”
	In Skokie Buddy said; “We better get ‘em before they get us.”
	In Dallas Brunson said; “Buy oil futures and wave the flag high.”
	In Minneapolis Mary said; “Oh my God. Things will never be the same.”
	In Los Angeles Jane said; “I’m so sorry for our brothers and sisters in New York. But, they should have lightened up and spread out like us.”
	At Republican Headquarters Vance, Dick and Mitch said; “We can capitalize on this one!”  

Chapter 10

TEWKSBURY, NJ 1-25-13

	On the twelfth of the month winter set into rural New Jersey with a vengeance usually reserved for a child killer. The overnight lows dropped below zero and the day’s straw colored sunlight produced highs in the teens. To add insult to injury a steady northern breeze menaced the area, producing a situation where no one left their homes unless it was absolutely necessary. The existence and necessity of jobs, food runs, drug replenishments and insanity kept Tewksbury from appearing abandoned. Dave tried pitching to his hearty mattress, but soon lost feeling in his fingers and was relegated to occupying the house with a fidgety, cranky Lucretia. He rolled up socks to the size of a baseball and threw them to the couch. The grip was feeling more and more natural for him, but he was frustrated that he couldn’t tell if the ball was moving or crossing the plate. If the punishment kept up much longer he was making a solo trip south, probably to Florida.
	The phone’s ring jangled already frayed nerves and Dave and Lucretia, both raced for it, hoping that something on the other end would break the cabin fever before a new version of “The Shining” was played out. Lucretia won the race and Dave pulled up short, looking at her with unblinking eyes as cold as the outdoors. Instead of a plain “Hello” she said; “Acme frozen meat locker.”
	Response.
	“No, no. You have the right number.”
	Response.
	“Yes, this is Lucretia. What other female answers this phone?” She eyed Dave the same way he had done her.
	Response.
	“Fine, how are you?” She didn’t sound convincing.
	Response.
	“Hold on. I’ll get him.” She dropped the phone on the wooden coffee table, making the caller think of a small car crash and said; “It’s for you.”
	Dave picked it up and said; “Hello.”
	“She all right?”
	“Dad! My apologies. Lots of ice here.”
	“Yeah. I figured I’d give you a call to pass along some good news. You always say I don’t do that.”
	“This might be a first.”
	“Did you see the Jersey Bulletin today?”
	“No.”
	“You ought to get a subscription and find out what’s happening in the world.”
	Dave had no intention of becoming a maven on murders, fires, floods and other disasters, but said; “Maybe I will.”
	“The Crows have been purchased and Harry Manuel is going to manage them next year.”
	“Contracts reinstated?”
	“No.”
	“Shit.”
	“Harry Manuel has invited all players on last year’s roster to come to spring training camp.”
	Dave couldn’t think of a response. 
	“At least you’ll have something to do in February.”
	“True. I was thinking about going to Florida anyway. The cold here has been devastating.”
	“Mom said not to marry her.”
	“I’m not able to safely say anything.”
	Dad laughed and said; “I know. Go devastate them with your new pitch.”
	Dave smirked and said; “Thanks. Say hi to Mom for me.”
	“Okay.”
	“Bye.”
	“Bye.”
	Dave put the phone in its cradle and called out; “Hey, Lucretia, wherever you are, I’m going out for the paper. The Crows have been purchased.”
	Lucretia abandoned her hiding spot behind the open door and sauntered back into the room, hips seemingly the recipients of an overdue lube job. She purred; “Contracts in force?”
	“Not necessarily.”
	“Oh.” She picked up the rolled up socks and threw them to the couch, not demonstrating any velocity, location or movement. She creaked as she sat on the couch in a manner reminiscent of Kharis after a long day. She stared at the socks as Dave donned his green quilted jacket and went out the front door. Since he wasn’t going on a food run, replenishing drugs or off to a job he joined the ranks of the insane.
	His BMW handled the icy roads without a slide. He picked up the Bulletin at a local overpriced “convenience” store. In no rush to get back home, he read it in the car.

CROWS PURCHASED BY SECRET BUYER
HARRY MANUEL TO COME OUT OF RETIREMENT TO MANAGE

JERSEY BULLETIN 1-25-13. Major League Baseball spokesman Carl Fitzsimmons announced late yesterday that the Crow franchise has been purchased by an undisclosed investor who desires anonymity. The financial state of the franchise was said to be poor with a difficult short term outlook as the nearby New York Giants draw from the entire tri-state area. The Giants have been steadily competitive for the past ten years, finishing first or second in the NL East each season. They have gone to the World Series five times in that span and have been champions three years. As a consequence the contracts that were dismissed in the bankruptcy will not be assumed by the new owner.

Asked if he was going to run a 1960’s Mets-type operation, hoping to get fans by being terrible but cute, Harry Manuel responded that he had never been involved with losing operations and didn’t intend to start now. He said; “You can quote me on this. We’ll give Baltimore a run for their money this year and next year I guarantee that we’ll be in the playoffs or I’ll quit and pay back every cent I’ve been paid.” Harry has a long history of his team clearly improving under his tutelage which has been demonstrated in Detroit, Chicago and San Francisco among other places. Every team he has gone to improves on their prior year’s record by at least ten games, a distinction which cannot be claimed by any other manager in baseball history. The fiery helmsman has had trouble staying anywhere very long as he demands to be in charge of every aspect of the game, in some cases being officially designated as General Manager as well as Field Manager, ultimately conflicting with the owner.

Harry said; “I personally invite all players on last year’s roster to attend spring training. It will be in Jupiter this year, not the old Port St. Lucie facility. If you’ve got what it takes I’ll see that you get a new contract.” ................... 
................................................................
................................................................ 

	Dave was almost elated to read the news in black and white, laughing at himself as he recalled hearing how people put more credence in written words than spoken ones and how the knowledge of that provided no immunity. He now knew what he’d be doing and where he’d be in February. He always hated that month for being the coldest in rural New Jersey and environs, with sheets of ice on the hilly roads at the most inconvenient places. Now he knew that he would be in sunny, warm and flat Jupiter, Florida. He wasn’t fond of the idea that in effect he would again be “trying out,” this time at age 34, but what other option was there? Besides, his new pitch, the cut splitter might afford him an easy time of it. The few pros who were able to consistently throw anything like it for strikes were able to play until they got some debilitating injury or decided that they had enough years of travelling. It was difficult for his father to even catch, never mind hit. Of course he had never thrown it to a major league hitter.
	“Harry Manuel,” he thought. “The guy is known to ask a lot of his players; like paying attention to the game. He’s gotten into fights with a few, and despite weighing 160 pounds, has won them all. On the other hand he gets results and makes sure his guys are taken care of.”
	He drove slowly and took the long way home, through deserted streets.

	Sitting at the kitchen table with a half glass of lukewarm coffee, he heard his wife’s footsteps in the adjoining living room. He called out; “Hey, Lucretia. Great news. Look at this.”
	Before she ambled to the kitchen, she dryly said; “Don’t tell me. Your father is here again and you’re going to play catch.”
	“No, read this.”
	Lucretia stood at his side and scanned the article. As she walked away she said; “You better hope you’ve still got what it takes.”
	Dave said; “Do you?”
	“Yeah, I hope so.”
	“No. I mean do you still have what it takes?” 
	Lucretia put one hand on a hip and deadpanned; “You tell me.”
	Dave shrugged and turned the page.

	Over the next few days Dave diligently went out into the cold and threw his new pitch wearing gloves. Initially he just wanted to get out of the stale house air using the “work” excuse as the splitter was difficult to control with bare fingers, and impossible with a glove. He spent time in the unheated barn happy to be out of the wind, perusing old magazines, comics and books that he left there rather than the trash can, in a showing of his “pack rat” side. He soon realized why these items were in this remote location. He had gradually lost interest in all of them. The investment weeklies, anti-super-heroes and retirement paperbacks were museum pieces from a strange and distant time; 2009-2012. 
	He loaded a peach basket with baseballs and set out to see how long he could be out before he lost feeling at the knees. Wearing gloves he clumsily threw them at the freeze-proof mattress and was surprised to find that the longer he did it the better he got. He thought; “Why do I find this so amazing? My father always said; ‘Just keep doing it.’ Though he never told me to wear gloves, isn’t this just like what a batter does when he waits on deck swinging a weighted bat? When he goes to the plate without the weight, the bat seems light and easy to get around. This has to be some kind of silly illusion, but every single hitter does it. Are they all crazy? If they all are, I suppose that’s normality.”
	He kept using the glove though he was torn between finding out if it would now be easier to throw the cut splitter barehanded and keeping the hopeful illusion by not putting it to the test. Though some pitches flew off to Saturn, more and more were going where he aimed. He quit when his frozen feet made it impossible to stride. 
	
	He did the same thing the next day, the next and the next and on the twenty-ninth an unobstructed sun married to an early southern breeze raised temperatures above freezing and Dave knew that prolonging the hope was over. It was time for the unhidden truth.
	He drew out his bacon and eggs with black coffee breakfast to the point of finishing with ice coffee. He even sought out a conversation concerning money with Lucretia, who batted her feigned tired eyes and dismissed him with one word answers. After asking questions that required no asking he said; “You might be interested to know that my new pitch is working well and I could just well be off to another grand beginning.”
	With her eyes glued to a re-run of “The Wheel of Fortune” she deadpanned; “I’ll check the bank account for confirmation.”
	Dave pulled a Crows sweatshirt over his head and went out the front door. His right hand felt colder than the winter morning air. He opened and closed his fist hoping to stimulate circulation. The bloodless appendage made no response as its frozen state was not due to any physical impairment, but was controlled somewhere in Dave’s head, which was filled with apprehension; as after all, his ability to throw this pitch was a good candidate for the most important event of his life.
	He took a peach basket containing twenty baseballs to the imaginary mound and threw easily to the mattress. Not sure if he was again delaying finding out the naked truth, he threw slow fastballs, rather than the cut splitter as if he was warming up before a game. It is a prudent proven procedure pursued by practiced pitchers, but Dave’s piqued pejorative predilections primarily pre-empted the promotion of prudence.
	But, today was different. He tossed a basketful, felt the fractioned fingers come alive and re-loaded. He thought; “Cut splitter breaking left,” and threw. It sank a foot and a half and went away from a righty. He thought; “Cut splitter breaking right,” and threw. It went two feet down away from a lefty. He thought; “This is too good to be true,” and kept pitching for an hour. He was very pleased. “Maybe the glove was the final ingredient. This seems easy now. Florida, here I come.”  

Chapter 11

NEWARK, NEW JERSEY 2-8-13
	At 9AM Lucretia drove Dave to Newark Airport and left him there without any good-bye; just a businesslike steely face and unblinking, threatening eyes, which seemed to say; “You better do well.” He grabbed his bag and stepped out into the drizzle. The temperature had changed to a balmy-for-February 35 and the water slowly, very slowly was putting an end to the reign of the soot covered ground ice, leaving sooty streams. Around him was a disinterested gray with no distinguishable horizon. 
	He watched Lucretia splash away, her red tail-lights reflecting off the drip and icy foundation to produce low level, blotchy reflections which merged with the others making their appearances as distinguishable as the sky. The cold water on the bare skin of his face ran down his neck, reaching his back and chest, leaving him less comfortable than a dry fifteen degree morning. The shivers inspired him to stop trying to watch his wife’s blurred departure and get shelter inside the depot.
	
JUPITER, FLORIDA 2-8-13
	His plane landed at Miami International Airport and Dave disembarked to be greeted by sun, palm trees and an eighty degree temperature, making him wonder why he had chosen to live in winter New Jersey with Lucretia. He decided that it was due to his having been born there; old habits die hard and that his job was there. 
	“Why Lucretia?” was becoming a real question. That she loved currency and that he loved making it seemed the best quick answer. But, getting real for just one moment, everyone on this planet considers money important. Perhaps it’s the difference between love and need, in some languages the same word, but he was a mono-lingual American. 
	Because of having served his partial frost sentence in the Garden State he realized that he was being unduly harsh on his home just due to the fact that it truly had seasons and he was becoming one who preferred perennial warmth, an impossibility for a travelling man, and a low-income dude with Lucretia.
	The yellow cab coasted near him and the wrinkled, black driver called out; “Where you goin’?”
	In his reflective frame of mind he was amused at his truthful answer, saying; “Jupiter.”
	The cab stopped and the driver said; “Hop in.”
	“How much?”
	The cabbie pulled a lever on the front seat box and said; “Off the meter. Twenty dollars.”
	Dave got in the back and watched the scenery while both were silent. Playgrounds full with sweating basketball players caught his attention on the small rise to his left and makeshift business signs stood out on the one to his right. They seemed to shimmer in the heat reflecting off the concrete as the cab took short sashays and made frequent stops at red lights. He saw a white-lettered, green sign saying; “ENTERING JUPITER,” and the land became perfectly flat and was evenly decorated with houses, condos, high-rises and golf courses.
	The cabbie asked; “Where in Jupiter?”
	“AVD Security Field.” Dave thought he’d stop at the park first, kind of check-in and find out where everybody was staying.
	“Vacation?”
	“No. Looking for work.”
	“It’s tough this time of year, man.”
	“I’m finding that out.”
	“Everybody comes here when the Grapefruit League is goin’”
	“That’s my thing too. Hope there aren’t a lot ahead of me.”
	The cabbie just made one leftward shake of his head, not wanting to say anything discouraging before he got paid.
	At the end of a long straight road, heavy with traffic and kids playing stickball in the synagogue parking lot the cab stopped in front of a very important place. Dave could tell by the twenty foot high surrounding walls. His first thoughts were that this was either a retreat for high level government and military dignitaries, a multi-billion dollar software conglomerate campus or a prison. He saw the sign saying; “AVD Security Field,” and realized that the answer was akin to the multi-colored logo, neither black nor white.
	Dave got his wallet and handed the cabbie twenty-five dollars. The cabbie looked Dave square in the eye and said; “You sure? You might be needing this.”
	Dave opened the door and half way out he viewed the cabbie through the open driver’s side window and said; “You gotta believe.”
	Journey done and cabbie paid, Dave, carrying his bags, entered the open gates of AVD Security Field to the sound of balls striking leather, wood and chain link metal. The pitchers had arrived earlier than the other players. Dave recognized some from last year’s team, but also saw fresh faces he had not previously seen and some wrinkled ones he thought were retired. High school aged females wore catcher’s mitts and masks as they attempted to handle pitches harder than with which they were previously accustomed. They squatted near fences, which did the majority of the work.
	Harry Manuel, fully outfitted in a Crows cap and uniform with pants held by elastic just below the knees walked quickly and purposefully toward Dave. Seemingly anxious, from ten feet away and moving, he called out; “Don Nelson, right?”
	Dave put his gear on the grass, opened his hands and held them palms up. He said; “Kind of. It’s Dave.” He extended his right and Harry vigorously shook it for a second, saying; “Yeah, right. Sorry. I didn’t expect to see you here.”
	A number of thoughts raced through Dave’s head, but he didn’t feel comfortable saying any of them, fearing they might be construed as lackadaisical, the last thing Harry Manuel was reputed to tolerate. Though not destined to be a Hall of Fame candidate from his playing skills Harry had a credible fourteen year pro career playing second, third and short, batting a career .265 and having a few memorable clutch moments. He was not blessed with the physical skills of most, weighing a skinny 165, some said when wet. But he made up for it with intensity, concentration and smarts. It was logical that as a manager he would have a special dislike of those bodily blessed and blasé. Dave furrowed a serious brow and said; “Why’s that?”
	“Intuition. Could be wrong. I’m going a little crazy here as all the pitchers showed up early and I don’t have anyone to catch them. I got these girls from the local high school softball teams to volunteer temporarily. They were excited to meet all the stars, but they can’t catch a god damned thing. One almost got hit smack in the face. Luckily it just clipped an ear and now I have them wearing the masks.”
	“She still around?”
	“Yeah, she’s a trooper. Can’t hear a damn thing from her right side though. Hope it’s temporary. You wanna throw easy today?”
	“I’ve been throwing all winter, so I’m ready to go pretty hard. I’ve got a new pitch; a cut splitter.”
	“What exactly is that?”
	“A traditional splitter, but I can also make it move in and out.” 
	“Throw it for strikes?”
	“Yeah.”
	“I gotta see this.” Harry clasped Dave’s right hand with both of his and added; “Gotta go. I have to do everything around here myself.” He briskly walked away and yelled out; “Jorge! Ease up a little bit. You’ll throw your arm out. ...... Valerie! Your makeup is fine. Pay attention to the ball. ...... Mike! Mikey! Dammit, Mikey! ............”
	Dave went through the empty dugout, into the locker room and changed. He came back out to be greeted by a cheerful, bouncy girl, who appeared to be about fourteen years of age. She wore a tennis outfit consisting of a plain white T-shirt and loose green shorts left the majority of her tan legs visible. She pounded her catcher’s mitt and excitedly said; “Are you a pitcher?”
	Dave always found his lack of recognition humorous and desirable, at least up until recently. He liked it as he would never have to do the body guard bit, nor be surrounded in the mall, nor be accused of trying too hard. He looked into the pert blue eyes of the tanned blonde, All-American girl and playfully replied; “Yeah, the best ever. Thanks for the thought, but you wouldn’t be able to catch it.”
	Her hands went to her hips, her head turned slightly to one side, one eyebrow dropped and she said; “Wanna bet?”
	Dave offered her his hand and said; “Dave Nelson.”
	She shook it, squinted and said; “Dottie Franklin. My real name is Dorothy, but I hate it. I don’t know why. Maybe it has something to do with the Wizard ........; oh, never mind. ........ The best ever?”
	“Yeah, well, I’m not through yet. They only appreciate you after you’re gone.”
	Dottie reached into her back pocket and retrieved some of last year’s baseball cards, which had most recent statistics for 2011. She read off; “11-16, 4.39.”
	“It gets even better in 2012. Wait till you see next year’s card.” Dave hoped that there would be one.
	Dottie saw an open space in front of the visiting team’s dugout and said; “Come on.”
	Dave followed her and as usual started throwing easily from forty feet away, gradually moving back with each pitch. He refrained from cut splitters, or splitters, or even curve balls. It was like playing an easy game of catch. When he reached somewhere near the mound distance, sixty feet and six inches, he continued lobbing the ball in with nothing on it, reticent to hurt the young girl.
	After ten of the bland pitches, she removed her mask and disdainfully said; “My little sister can hit that.” She threw the ball back to him harder than he had thrown it in. She felt insulted.
	He leaped to get it. He felt challenged, but still reticent to injure the brave girl. He stuck with straight stuff, but gradually increased the speed until he was at ninety percent of potential. She didn’t have any trouble handling the pitches and seemed to be enjoying the game more, as she would catch it squatting, vigorously jump up and throw it back with something on it. 
	Dave motioned with his arm and said; “Okay, this is gonna break.” He threw a three-quarters curve and Dottie had a bit of trouble gauging the movement of the first few, but caught them with quick last second movements. After that she handled them easily. 
	Dave said; “Splitter,” and motioned with his arm to indicate that this one was going to drop. To be sure she understood he called out; “It’s not going to look like it at first, but this is gonna dive about two feet. You’d be better off standing.”
	Dottie shook her head and stuck out her tongue sarcastically, but stood straight up. He threw it and she held the glove at chest level, where the ball appeared to be going, and then quickly dropped it as the pitch went down, missing it as she lifted her left leg to avoid getting hit with it. It caromed off the chain link fence behind her. She said; “Holy shit,” picked up the ball and threw it back to him.
	Dave said; “You sure you want me to keep throwing that?”
	“Sure, I’ll quickly get used to it,” and she did. Dave unintentionally threw a couple of sporadic one-hoppers, but Dottie just let them be stopped by the fence. No problem whatsoever.
	Dave said; “Okay, Dottie. This is going to be a cut splitter. It’ll go down like the other, but it will also move to the left. ......... My left that is. To your right.”
	She handled it just as he thought she would as he knew that the most unusual aspect of the pitch was its dive and the rest just adds a simple curve to it. Dave kept going with the pitch, occasionally bouncing one which the chain links stopped. Dave said; “Last part of my repertoire. This will drop and break the other way; to your left.”
	Dottie nodded approval. He threw it and while in her head Dottie had considered the opposite break no problem, in reality it surprised her, as it did what it wasn’t supposed to do, like a screwball. She got the tip of the glove on it and it deflected the ball onto her left foot. Dave felt worried and he also felt the pain, because it was the same sensation a batter gets when he fouls one straight down off his foot. It hurts like hell for twenty or thirty seconds, but them completely subsides. He trotted to Dottie, who was on the ground holding her foot. He said; “I’m sorry,” and put his hand on her foot, adding; “It’ll be all right in a few seconds.”
	Dottie surprised him, retorting; “Yeah, I know. It’s just like when I foul the softball straight down on my foot. Hurts like a son-of-a-bitch for 20-30 seconds, then completely goes away.” Dave smiled for two reasons and hugged her.
	Harry Manuel was watching the last pitch and had a few concerns. He too knew Dottie would soon be fine, but he wasn’t thrilled with Dave’s friendliness with a little girl, and in this time of lawyers and lawsuits he was afraid that the shoestring budget of the Crows could not withstand a trip to court. He ran over, dropped to his knees and rubbed Dottie’s foot, an age old baseball tradition, which does no good whatsoever for the injured, but survives because it makes the non-injured think that they are doing something useful. He performed another customary moronic act when he said; “Are you okay?”
	Dottie stood up and said; “Yeah, its feeling better already.” She hobbled on her first step, but was quickly walking normally in a tight circle. She went back to her catching position, but Harry followed and took her glove, saying; “No, no. That’ll be all for you today, young lady.” He escorted her to the dugout entrance and thanked her for volunteering. She went behind the fence and sat on the bench, wanting to watch more before going home.
	Harry said; “Okay, Nelson. Throw to me for a while.” He squatted.
	Dave wanted to impress him with the splitter and made the circling arm motion. He also called out; “This is gonna drop about two feet, even though it won’t look that way.”
	Harry pounded the glove and said; “Yep,” as if someone had just told him that he had just won a free Mediterranean cruise.
	Dave threw it a bit lower than he intended. The pitch started out somewhere near a hitter’s thigh, but dropped as Dave had said it would. Harry missed it and the pitch touched ground right behind where home plate would be, bounced up and hit Harry in the balls. He clutched the injured area with two hands and rolled on the ground.
	Dave’s mind raced. He was glad to have shown who he hoped would be his new manager what a great pitch he had. It was not only unhittable; it was uncatchable. On the other hand he considered the possibility of having made a mortal enemy. He walked slowly over to Harry with trepidation. Dottie walked over at normal speed and they both simultaneously said; “Are you okay?” 
	Harry drew for breath and croaked a quick; “Do I look okay?” as he searched for the best possible grip on the bat. 
	On the historic day of February 8, 2013 the age old baseball rubbing tradition was broken.

JUPITER, FLORIDA 2-15-13
	The field playing hopefuls showed up. By that time Harry’s crotch was able to adequately exist without the benefit of self-perpetrated massage, and he had learned that changing positions can be quite hazardous. He decided that in the future he would stick to second, third, short and manager. But even more importantly, at least to Dave, was that Harry was favorably impressed with the new “stuff” he had seen Dave throw, his last reservation being to do that with a real hitter at the plate. And here came the hitters, some real and some wishful.
	He saw many old faces and a few new ones. He was anxious to prove his mettle, but knew that he’d have to wait a minimum of a few days for the hitters to get in game shape. When he wasn’t throwing he liked to watch batting practice. It was fun. An old guy, in this case first base coach John Kimbrel, with the ability to consistently get the ball over the plate threw less than mediocre fastballs with no breaking stuff and the batters smacked the ball all over the place. The pitcher is always protected by a chest high screen, leaving the head as the only vulnerable area, a body part not needed by a batting practice pitcher or first base coach. Waiting hitters yelled out encouragements to the guy at the plate, made many “Whoooo” sounds when the pitch was nailed and a few laughing comments were in order on weak popups and grounders. It was all good natured at this point as anybody can hit a batting practice pitcher. The real “competitive” spirits come out later.

	On February 19 Harry Manuel split the team into an “A” and a “B” squad. No one openly says this, but the “A” squad consists of the likely regulars and the “B” is mostly made up of those almost good enough to play in the majors, who are there temporarily to provide some half way decent competition for the good guys. Dave was a “B.” He hoped that Harry would see the obverse of his situation and recognize that he was pitching against the better hitters. 
	The non-pitching eight got to play at least half of the games and some the entirety. The abundance of pitchers dictated them working two inning stints as Harry wanted to see them all for a while, rather than a few for the long haul. Dave did okay, allowing one run in his allotted four innings, but was fearful that it wouldn’t be enough to make a big impression.
	Harry made some cuts, which he posted on the dugout bulletin board, as he didn’t like to see people cry or rant. So far Dave’s name didn’t appear on the “shit list,” though more cuts were coming. 
	Dave knew that this was a terrible thing to do with most managers, but was well aware of Harry’s reputation as a straight shooter. Rather than risk a nervous disorder his stomach was warning him about Dave approached him in the dugout on 2-20 and said; “Harry, I need a few minutes of your time.”
	Harry grimaced and kept his eyes glued to the field action. He was on his feet with one foot on the second dugout step and one on the first, leaning forward with an elbow on his knee and an arm supporting his chin. He said; “Yeah, Nelson. Watchew got?”
	“Harry, I’ve got to know something. You’ve seen this new pitch I have and I think it’s a good one. But, I’m not getting much chance to show it.”
	“You’re getting the same chance all the other pitchers are.”
	Dave couldn’t argue that and was at a temporary loss for words. He said; “I’ve been in the starting rotation a long time. Can I expect that to continue?”
	“No.”
	“Christ, Harry. You’re putting me in a no win situation. If I don’t get the opportunity to demonstrate what I can do, how can I demonstrate it?”
	Harry’s eyes flashed anger, when he glared at Dave and retorted; “No, Nelson. You put yourself in a no win situation. If you were younger I’d give you a shot. But, you’ve had eleven years to show your stuff and it came out very ordinary.”
	“But, I’ve got this new pitch. You saw it.”
	“Let me give you the hard facts. You are 34 years of age. Only excellent pitchers play beyond that time. When you’re young you keep getting more chances on the hope of improvement. There has never been a pitcher whose performance has improved after your age.”
	Dave cocked his head to one side questioningly.
	Harry continued; “Go look up the stats. If you can find one pitcher, ONE, who has improved their performance after age 33 I’ll put you in the starting rotation tomorrow.”
	Dave sighed heavily, said; “Thanks, Harry,” and started to walk away.
	Harry said; “Nelson,” and Dave turned to him.
	“Unless you completely fuck up in the Grapefruit League, you’re going to be on the roster. You’re going to be the mop-up man. Do well and you’ll be in the starting rotation.”
	Dave threw his arms around Harry’s shoulders and said; “Thank you. Thank you.” Harry scanned the grinning dugout occupants and said; “Okay, okay.”
	Dave let go and was smiling. Harry said; “Now go make me a miracle. This team is going to need one.” He looked toward the smirking observers and yelled; “Hey. Who’s not paying attention to the game? Mayberry, what’s the count?”
	Potential second baseman, Delman Mayberry, said; “I lost track.”
	Harry said; “That’s five hundred bucks,” and wrote a note on his pad.
	In a high pitched voice Mayberry exclaimed; “Man! I’m not even getting paid. I got no contract.”
	Harry said; “Well, if you get one it’s coming off of there.”

JUPITER, FLORIDA 2-21-13
	Grapefruit season opened and the Cleveland Cayuhogas visited AVD Security Field. Harry started Bobby Preston and had two newcomers in the lineup he wanted to take a good look at. Two Mexican nationals named Hector Ortega and Pablo Gonzalez were catching and playing first base, respectively.
	Bobby was assured of a spot on the roster as he had a proven history of being a better than average professional pitcher and knew that the Grapefruit League results would have little or no effect on his life. Dave’s old pal had heard the conversation between Harry and Dave about the mop-up man stuff. He decided to create a situation that required mopping. No one but the pitcher himself can tell if he’s putting everything on the pitch. He took plenty off every fast ball and hardly broke his wrist on curves. Note: Starting pitchers do not put everything on every pitch or they would last two innings. They pace themselves, the discussion of which is highly situational and not necessary for this book.  
	When the seventh Cleveland run came in in the second inning, Harry went to the mound. He took the ball from Bobby and said; “What the hell happened?”
	Bobby kicked some dirt and responded; “Ah, I was trying out some new shit and shit is the right word for it.” He walked to the dugout, head down, careful not to step on any lines. Harry held up his right hand and pointed it at the bullpen. Old number thirteen walked slowly in by way of center field. Playing that position was Roger Ramples, a 21 year old walk-on who had all the confidence in the world, but not enough ability to make the team. But he wouldn’t know that for a month, and today he took a long look at Dave and derisively said; “The social security check arrive on time this month?”
	Dave followed suit and answered; “Pay attention snot-nose. You’ll see something that you never saw in Truckstop, Iowa.”
	“Clear Meadows!”
	Dave kept walking and took the ball from Harry, who said; “You’re a lucky man. You got close to a whole game.”
	“I’m just beginning to realize that.”
	The new catcher, Hector Ortega walked to the mound to go over the signals. Dave said; “One for fastball. Two for curve. Three for cut splitter in. Four for cut splitter out. Five change. Six pitchout. On the first sign on the first pitch, second sign on the second pitch, etc., etc. Go with the three unless I fall behind in the count. Then go to two. Mix in a one here and there.”
	Hector said; “Man, you know exactly what you want to do.” He smiled indicating that he considered the certainty somewhat absurd for a mediocre pitcher.
	“The result of two long months of study and practice.”
	Hector walked back to the plate not knowing exactly what Dave meant. It was fortunate that he did not ask as Dave didn’t precisely know either. It was irrelevant. All they needed to know were the signals.
 	After the eight pitch warm-up, Brady Clumpthal, a left-hander who had always hit Dave well stepped in. Ortega showed three. Dave nodded and went from the stretch, checking the runner at first. To Clumpthal it appeared to be a chest-high fastball and he cranked up his home run swing, but only looked ridiculous as the ball went in and down to knee level. He laughed and asked the home plate umpire to look at the ball, adding; “Bet you can’t hold it,” a reference to an illegal “greaseball.” The umpire checked it and handed it back to Ortega, saying; “Looks fine to me.” Clumpthal was incredulous, stood back in, and proceeded to miss two more, asking for an umpire check after every pitch. 
	The day continued that way. The Crows lost 7-4, but Dave felt that he had proven himself after finishing eight innings of three-hit, shutout ball. In the locker room after the game he swaggered up to Harry Manuel and said; “Pretty good, huh?”
	Harry was somewhat distracted by the notes he was making in his wire-bound pad and casually replied; “Yeah, excellent. Now, let’s see what happens when everyone knows what’s coming.”
	Dave was childishly hoping for some accolades and a vote of confidence. But this was professional baseball where judgments are made over the long course of a 162 game season and more. How many one-week phenoms were back in Duluth two months later? In fact, how many “Rookies of the Year,” turned into less than average players in future years? The award has often been called the kiss of death. The reason is simple. When one is new, what they do has the element of astonishment, but after a while it becomes expected and often characterizable as just another faulted approach. Dave felt that his pitch was a sure thing, but knew he had to demonstrate that much more than once. He sat on the bench and stared at his socks.
	A second later he felt a towel snap against his back. He arched it in momentary pain and surprise and saw Bobby Preston standing behind him and grinning. Dave said; “Hey, thanks, man.”
	Bobby’s face went slack as he didn’t want to hear what he just did. He knew Dave wasn’t thanking him for the rude assault and hoped that he wasn’t thanking him for having purposefully pitched poorly. This was his secret. He said; “Thanks for what?”
	At the outset Dave hadn’t thought of Bobby’s performance as being purposeful, but because of the look on Bobby’s face and his question, he now considered that a possibility, which was supposed to remain hidden. He said; “Thanks for fucking up. What else?”
	Relieved, Bobby’s expression returned to its normal shrewd look with slightly raised eyebrows. He sat down nodding his head and said; “I hope you’re going to change those socks.”
	“I don’t know yet. I really don’t want to change anything.”
	“Damn. You superstitious guys might as well admit that you’re religious fanatics and found Jesus in your socks. Stink too. Damn. ....... And you gotta inflict it on everybody else.” 
	Dave silently considered the analogy.
	Bobby continued; “I used to see your kind down home. Macon, Joe-jah.” He intentionally used that pronunciation to make his lighthearted point. “Poor ass boys catch a couple of fish and they’re on their knees in church, giving thanks, some with the spirit upon them. Hallelujah. ......... Shee-it.”
	Dave intended to continue in a joking vein and answered; “It kind of makes sense. We blame God every time something goes wrong, so it seems only fair to thank him when something goes right?” The words that came out shocked him and no one else.
	“Hey, you’re not going to get holy with me, are you? I had my fill of that stuff a long time ago. I learned to get off my knees and do something.”
	“Sounds like Bob Marley.”
	“Yeah, it does and so what?”
	Dave could see that Bobby was agitated and quit clowning. He said; “Tell me how we got into all this shit over a pair of socks.” He took them off and threw them across the room. “I don’t care about the damn socks. I was just trying to bust your balls and I guess it worked. ...... Sorry, and I want you to know that I liked Bob Marley ....... a lot.”
	Bobby waved his hand dismissively and said; “Yeah, screw it. It’s just a sore point of mine after seeing all those guys back home devoting their lives to religion; some with voodoo and dead chickens. ...... So, how do you throw that nasty one?”
	Dave picked up a ball and held it with his thumb and between two fingers, then made a throwing motion, rotating one finger slightly. He handed the ball to Bobby who tried the same grip, but had trouble getting the ball past the tips of his split fingers. He made a grimacing face and said; “How do you get that thing in there?” 
	Dave took the ball back and easily placed it deeper. He handed it back to Bobby, who tried again with the same result as before, saying; “You white boys must have some flexible bones. ...... Jesus.”
	They looked at each other and laughed.

PORT ST. LUCIE, FLORIDA 2-25-13
	On 2-25-13 there was an instant replay. Crow walk-on hopeful Buck Newcombe couldn’t get through the first inning trying his best. Dave came in and baffled the Washington Royals the rest of the way, with the Royal hitters and manager constantly complaining that there must be a foreign substance on the ball.
	Manager Sparky Hendrickson ran out the dugout during the fifth inning Royal home at bat and got right in home plate umpire Pudgy Fairmount’s face and yelled; “There’s something on that God damned ball.”
	Pudgy turned away and calmly said; “I’ve checked it 50 times and I haven’t found anything.”
	“Well, what the hell is making it move like that?”
	“This ain’t some junior instructional league.”
	Sparky opened his mouth, but emitted no words. He walked back to the dugout muttering; “Bullshit.”
	
	After the game smiling Harry approached Dave and said; “You’re really getting in their heads now. To keep them thinking about it why don’t you scratch your forehead whenever you’re taking the sign.”
	Dave said; “I like that. I think I will.”
	Harry informed him that he was now in the starting rotation, telling him he has five starts to prove himself. 

Chapter 12

JUPITER, FLORIDA 3-12-13

	Dave was working on a two-hit shutout and was on the mound scratching his forehead in the sixth inning. He had a 1-2 count on Baltimore’s dangerous Damian Murray when the home plate umpire, Ralph Ridley, called “time” and waved the other two umpires to him. They conferred a few seconds standing between home plate and first base. Ridley ripped off his chest protector and waved his arms, yelling; “This game is over. Clear the field.” The players just stared at him, thinking that their hearing was impaired. Ridley repeated himself twice and went to speak with someone who was in the stands right behind home plate. Harry Manuel ran to him and said; “What’s goin’ on Ralph. You overdose on laxatives?”
	“Just get all your guys off the field, Harry. I got orders from League headquarters.”
	The public address system screeched as if it were out of tune and a deliberate male voice said; “This game is officially over. All fans will immediately depart the stadium.”
	A howl came from the 30,000 paying customers and the only one who felt worse than them was still-without-contract Dave Nelson, who had it all hooked up, and wanted to post a complete game shutout. Ushers escorted the perplexed and sometimes angry fans to the exits. Some wanted their money back. Apparently, the owner got wind of the sentiments, and the public address announcer was instructed to get back on the screech-box and say; “We regret any inconveniences caused. We are under League orders to empty the stadium. We will honor today’s ticket stubs at tomorrow’s game.”
	Dave and his fellow ballplayers did a lot of shrugging as they left the field, showered and went back to their hotel. Many didn’t mind the short work day, but those who had yet to earn a place on the roster wanted every possible inning to demonstrate their worth. Dave was particularly distraught as he wondered if his excellent game would become part of his Grapefruit League stats. He knew that five innings was considered a complete game and he knew that nothing could erase his performance from Harry Manuel’s mind, but he’d been so damned unlucky lately he was ready for an unexpected blow.
	With severe constraint an hour later he was pacing the ten foot living area of the Sunnyvale Gardens Hotel rooms he shared with also hopeful, Kevin Sheehan. Kevin was surfing on his laptop and breathlessly said; “Hey, come here, man. Look at this.” He had a “newspaper” on screen and Dave saw the news. 


 
BOMB KILLS 200 IN TAMPA’S GOGGLE
All Ballfields Cleared
Season on Hold

JERSEY BULLETIN 3-12-13. At 6PM EDT an explosion rocked the left field bleachers of Goggle Stadium, killing an estimated 200 and injuring 250 more. It was the sixth inning of the Jesters-Patriots Grapefruit League contest which had to be called to a halt as fans and players evacuated the facility immediately after the shock.

The American Friends of Al-Qaeda, a heretofore unheard of organization has taken credit for the blast, posting a message saying; “There will be more to come. We will ruin the decadent game where they most understand it; financially.” Baseball officials expressed shock and outrage and all fields were pre-emptively cleared. Future games have been put on hold ............ 
..................................................................
..................................................................


	Dave heavily sighed, grimaced and said; “Oh, no.”
  

	
JUPITER, FLORIDA 3-13-13
	Dave was sitting around, drinking and feeling sorry for himself and many other people he had never met, when Sheehan, who was showing that his computer acumen exceeded his baseball abilities burst into the room, holding his laptop and said; “The news is delivered, oh great one.” 

 
Season to Continue!
Fed Officials Announce Security Plans
Fan Safety Top Priority.

JERSEY BULLETIN 3-13-13. This morning Major League spokesperson, Ari Weiner informed the press that in the interest of the fans the League has agreed to bear the burden of implementing stringent security measures at all parks. It was determined that the cost would be prohibitive for some of the un-named poorer teams and that the task being administered by one entity would ensure uniformity and thoroughness. 

Bilko Amusements Group has been granted the undisclosed amount, no-bid contract, Weiner citing the impeccable credentials of the privately held company, with special regard to experience in overseas intelligence.

An experienced team of undercover operators will be in attendance at all games and they will also infiltrate groups considered likely suspects to have carried out the horrendous activities. 

League President George Scrub III made a brief appearance to say that no expense will be spared to give baseball fans what they deserve. He appeared with Alphonse Giambrone, head of the Player’s Union who declined comment, citing his Fifth Amendment rights.

Responding to a reporter Scrub III said that the necessarily gigantic amount of funds needed will be borrowed from the Player’s Retirement Trust, a win-win situation for all involved as the notes will bear interest at five percent as opposed to the approximate one percent yield on the treasuries currently held by the Trust. At this point Giambrone left the stage with a coughing fit. His doctor advised he’s been under great stress and needs much rest ............................................ ................................................................................................................................
................................................................  

	Dave imitated his father and said; “Hey, Sheehan. You’re back in business, kiddo,” as he faked a laugh.

	Later that day Harry visited with Dave saying; “I’ve got some good news and some bad news. I want you on the team, in the starting rotation. But, I had to pay so much to sign the Mexicans that there isn’t much left in my budget. The damn thing is that under current baseball laws, if you’re an American you’re subject to the draft and are in effect the property of the team and not free to negotiate until you complete your sixth year. But, if you’re a foreigner you are not subject to the draft and are free to negotiate with anyone. As well as they did I had to bid with five other teams to get them.” He paused.
	Dave said; “So, what are you telling me?”
	Harry handed him a contract and said; “League minimum this year, $490,000.” 
	Dave took it and said; “You know, bench sitters are making three million.”
	“I know. I’m being up front with you, Dave. I’m stuck.”
	Dave stared at the contract.
	Harry continued; “You know $490,000 buys a lot of nice things. I wish I could have gotten that in my day.”
	“It’s not only the money. This will become public knowledge and it’s embarrassing.”
	“Dave, I didn’t plan on saying this, but I want you on my team. I had to stick my neck out upstairs to sign you at all. The owner looks at what you’ve done, not what we think you can do.”
	“One way or another, the same thing keeps coming up. Eleven mediocre years versus a good couple of months. ...... Let me think about this.”
	Harry silently left.
	He called Lucretia in Tewksbury and told her the news. Her key responses were; “How much is the league minimum?” and “Is that the best you can do?”
	He called Peter Jaffe who advised him that they were just playing games with him and not to take the deal. He was annoyed that Dave was handling his own negotiations, cutting him out of a fee, which he of course did not say. However he did say; “Let me handle this for you.” Dave said; “Let me think about this.”
	 He decided that given his situation he would sign. He told Lucretia who said; “Loser,” and hung up. He told Peter who breathed disgusted heavy snorts into the phone. 
	Two days later he got two e-mails. The first was from Lucretia who wrote; “Took my money and left. The Swiss Alps suit me fine. You can keep the old-fashioned house. Bye.” Dave checked the mutual fund accounts and found that they were cleared out. The other e-mail was from Peter who wrote; “Due to a large influx of business I regret to inform you that I can no longer .................”
	Dave’s first thought was that his mother was right on at least two very big counts. His second was that an unoccupied rural house would be a target for vandals and that he had to raise some cash. He called a realtor who was glad to take the listing, but then proceeded to inform Dave; “Market conditions have been favoring the buyer for some time with no end in sight. Only ‘well priced’ homes stand any chance. While I personally love colonial houses, today’s buyers are looking for more modern .............”


                           
MEADOWLANDS AND ON THE ROAD - MIDDLEMARCH AND APRIL
	Freed of all encumbrances Dave thought of nothing but pitching. The regular season started and the AL hitters weren’t ready for Cut Splitter Dave Nelson. He was making it break down and to the left, so they initially considered it a repeat of his old curveball perhaps enhanced with some foreign substance or nicks. Batters regularly asked the home plate umpires to check the ball and none found anything. Dave kept wiping his forehead and knew that he was “in their heads” and used it to his advantage as now that hitters were worried about his strange curveball and looking for it, his mediocre 88-89 MPH fastball appeared as if it were 93-94 to them. He was blowing it by many hitters like he had not done previously.
	Dave knew that someday soon someone would disclose the true nature of his new pitch, but that wouldn’t matter much. They still couldn’t hit it. Their fascination with spitballs would end, but he could add one more touch; he could make it break the other way too. In effect a sinking screwball would become part of his repertoire when he deemed it necessary. Home attendance picked up as many wanted to see the hitting of Mexicans’ Hector Ortega and Pablo Gonzalez, the catcher and first baseman, respectively. Though both were short at five feet and nine inches, they were stocky, weighing in at 210. Someone started referring to them as “The Baby Bulls,” and it caught on.

CROWS TAKE EARLY LEAD IN AL EAST
Nelson Three Hits Tampa Bay

NEW YORK CLOCK 5-5-13. Despite a lackluster Grapefruit League showing, after 20 games of the regular season the NJ Crows moved into first place for the first time in team history as they extended their win streak to seven. Fans and reporters are still skeptical as Dave Nelson has had five consecutive excellent starts, finishing and winning all. Rookies Hector Ortega and Pablo Gonzalez are gathering up the offensive stats, each either number one or two in Average, HR’s and RBI’s.

“It’s a long 162 game season. This can’t last,” said veteran reporter Charles Deletrimian of the Jersey Bulletin. “Nelson’s been around a long time and to finally get good in one’s twelfth year has never, and I repeat never, been done. Things will soon revert to the long established norm. The rookies, Ortega and Gonzalez, are getting the benefit of the pitchers not knowing them. Soon there will be a book on their weaknesses and that’s all they will see from then on.” ............................... 
................................................................
................................................................





STRANGE BIRDS CROWING IN NJ
FOUR GAMES IN FRONT AS NELSON SHUTS OUT CHIEFS


JERSEY BULLETIN 6-5-13. The amazing birds of New Jersey continue their stellar play and currently have the league’s best record. The questions are; “How long can it last?” and “Is this for real?” Sorry to sound like a heretic, but I’m a product of this earth. I know nothing of the sky the Crows are now enjoying and humbly wait for the inevitable fall. 

Yesterday Dave Nelson prolonged the best two months of his twelve year major league career by baffling the Kansas City Gunslingers hitters with that weird pitch many call a spitball, as the Home Birds breezed to a 7-0 victory. Many opponents claim they feel a drizzle as Nelson’s pitches reached home plate. To date no ball inspections have found anything foreign, but who knows what the future will bring? Never having previously thrown anything other than mediocre heat and a decent curve, it seems very “convenient” to have come up with a new pitch just at the time he was ready to pass out of pro baseball.

Mexican rookies Hector Ortega and Pablo Gonzalez are hitting both for power and average as the league pitchers look for weaknesses. The “book” has not yet been established. Yesterday each hit two run shots .........................................
................................................................
................................................................


	The seasoned “pundit” reporter, Charles Deletrimian from the Jersey Bulletin used more invective in his pronouncements as the season progressed. Though it was true that Nelson didn’t win all his starts and the Baby Bulls home run pace dropped below that of Barry Bonds; at the mid-July All-Star break Nelson was 12-2 with a 2.43 ERA, Ortega was batting .320 with 19 homers and 56 RBI’s and Gonzalez was at .298, 20 and 58. AND THE CROWS LED THE AL EAST AT MID-SEASON FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THE EXPANSION TEAM’S SHORT HISTORY, FOUR GAMES AHEAD OF THE TAMPA BAY JESTERS.
	The “stars” of the New Jersey Crows were snubbed in All-Star balloting. Often the case, voters pick perennial favorites or players who have demonstrated their worthiness over a longer period of time. Manager Buck Hertzog of Tampa Bay fulfilled his obligation to have at least one player from each team on the squad by picking Crow reliever Jorge Valverde to the squad. Though Jorge was having a good enough year, the veteran sidearmer was surprised at the call and when interviewed expressed thanks, but also stated that he was looking forward to the time off to spend with his family in Venezuela.
	Dave was particularly disappointed at not being named. While he never previously expected the honor he thought that he deserved it this year. He thought; “Who can be sure? Maybe this is the only time I’ll have the opportunity. I’d like to have been out there with the best once.” He knew that voting for the pitchers was done by the players, coaches and managers. He was particularly disconsolate at being rejected by a jury of his peers.
	He stayed alone at his Weehawken condo and thought evil thoughts about everyone that he knew and some that he didn’t. He was in the right mood to call Lucretia, but no longer had that option. Instead he dialed his father. Ring, ring.
	A bored or sleepy male voice, something like Robert Mitchum picked up on the second ring and said; “Hello.”
	“Dad! Did I wake you?”
	“No. I was just staring at the TV. What’s up? You wanna talk to your mother?”
	“No, no. I want to complain to you.”
	“About not getting put on the All Star team, right?”
	“Yeah, right. I really deserved it. I’m 12-2 with a 2.43 ERA. More wins than anybody and second lowest ERA among the starters.”
	“Maybe you should have been first.”
	“Aw, come on. That ........”
	Dad cut him off, saying; “What do you want me to say? Do it again next year and they’ll probably pick you.”
	As always, Rational Dad got right to the point and Dave was temporarily blank. He was also cognizant of the possible source of his “So what” attitude, which was currently being challenged.
	In the lull Dad added; “So what are you going to do?”
	Dave knew that the question was not a request to hear any modus operandi, but was really a statement saying something like; “That’s the way it goes. Tough shit and who cares.” His problem was that it seemed as if he was caring, thereby opening himself to disappointment. He smirked and said; “Not a damn thing. I’ll watch the game from the comfort of my living room and disdain all the people worse than me making asses of themselves.”
	“So, what’s with Lucretia?”
	Dave hesitated wondering what aspect of her his Dad found interesting. He said; “It’s over, if that’s what you mean.”
	This time Dad’s pause prompted Dave to amplify, and in terms which were very understandable to him; “I don’t miss her. I didn’t see her that often anyway. She was always a money girl and still is.”
	Dad used one of the statements Dave remembered often hearing since birth; “What did you expect?”
	“Just what happened. No big thing. .... Except the money.”
	“Probably for the best.”
	Dave was more interested in complaining, so he went back to the original subject of the call; “Don’t you think that I deserved to be on the All Star team?”
	Dad sighed as if someone just punched his stomach and drew out; “You know there are a lot of good players and many voters who have different points of view. And then there’s that tradition thing ......”
	Dave interrupted what started out as if it would delineate every variable in the baseball universe and curtly said; “Would you have voted for me?”
	“Well, yeah ......”
	Dave again interrupted and said; “Thanks, Dad. That’s all I wanted to know. Say hi to Mom for me.” He hung up.



All Star Game Marred By Psycho
Man Impersonating Umpire Shoots Three Players
 
JERSEY BULLETIN 7-10-13. Branson Arroyo, Donald Younger and Ian Clarke were shot on the field just prior to the start of the 2013 All Star Game in Cincinnati. The unidentified shooter entered the field dressed as an umpire. He stalked the grounds muttering obscenities to some of the players, who reported it to Security, as they did not recognize him to be one of the known officiators. This took some time as each player from the AL squad thought that he was probably an NL umpire and vice-versa.

When the gunman saw Security approaching, he pulled a .45 handgun from his pocket and opened fire before being blown away by a barrage of bullets. It is reported by some that before hitting the ground he yelled; “America’s past it’s time,” an obvious reference to baseball being called America’s pastime.

Arroyo, Younger and Clarke were taken to the nearby Harold J. Stanton Medical Hospital, where a spokesman said that they were in “satisfactory” condition. All are members of the NL West front running San Francisco Flyers, causing speculation that the shooter might be a Phoenix Rattlers fanatic. .............................
..................................................................
..................................................................


SCRUB ORDERS BASEBALL SALARIES DOWN 20%
CITING LOW ATTENDANCE LEAGUE BOSS DECREES ALL MUST HELP

JERSEY BULLETIN 7-10-13. In a precedent setting move League President George Scrub III announced yesterday that all player salaries are to drop by twenty percent. “Abysmal attendance threatens the financial condition of many teams. Unsustainable losses are being reported in numerous franchises. I have made my decision under these unfortunate circumstances for the good of all concerned.”

Fan reaction has been overwhelmingly positive. It has been the popular opinion that the players have been grossly overpaid prima donnas for so long nobody any longer talks about it. Old news. Joe Buscamente of Bricktown, New Jersey speaks for many when he said; “It’s about time somebody did something. They should have made larger cuts. I hope more are coming.” Asked if this will result in him attending more games Joe told us that he hasn’t been to a game since Reggie Jackson played and plans to keep it that way.

All teams are not losing money, but books have never been open to outsiders, a long established rule. Asked why profitable franchises would also get the benefit of the salary reductions Scrub said that to do the opposite would result in an open window into the books. “Despite their vehement protests, profitable entities have to take the benefits, as to not do so, would be advertising the financial status of all concerned. The situation is dire. Many of these teams have done leveraged buyouts and cannot afford to lose money very long. Look what happened last year in New Jersey; and that was prior to the attendance decline. We have asked the profitable teams to voluntarily contribute to the security effort and we’re confident that they will do so.”

Asked if the pay reductions affected managers and coaches, Scrub said; “No, because they are not overly paid as is. Look up the average salaries.” Upon further questioning that caused Scrub to grimace like the laxative just took effect he said that the reductions have been made retroactive to the start of the season. If one does the math this means that the players will be receiving forty-four percent of what they were contractually obliged to be paid for the duration of this season.

Asked if this was not some way of passing an ex-post-facto law, Scrub stated that this was a state of emergency and that if the courts over-rule the edict, then another mathematical formula will be instituted which will provide the same effect. Player’s Union head, Alphonse Giambrone was unavailable for comment. He is resting in Mykonos under the orders of his doctor for a severe stress related disorder. More questions ..........................
..................................................................
..................................................................



	Dave left the paper on the kitchen table. He muttered; “Jesus Christ. How many directions can shit come from?” He gazed out the smudged window of his Weehawken condo and took in the views of the parking lots and ass-ends of the high-rises. 

                          

BASEBALL SHOOTINGS CONTINUE
SECURITY OFFICIALS HAVE NO ANSWERS

JERSEY BULLETIN 8-4-13. Prior to the start of the St. Louis-Milwaukee contest at St. Louis’ America In Line Stadium yet another shooter appeared near the left field bleachers. Teams were warming up and taking batting practice at 1PM when a swarthy, dark haired man clad in a Cardinal jersey emerged from under an unopened concession stand and sprayed the immediate vicinity with slugs from a semi-automatic. Before security forces shot and killed him he lethally injured eight and wounded seven more. The league is investigating how he gained entrance to the stadium with such a sizable weapon. Security officials suspect that he must have entered the stadium when it was empty during St. Louis recent road trip and hid until he had targets, suggesting that security forces may have to be beefed up to cover all stadiums at all times. An efficient and comprehensive investigation was promised. League President George Scrub III ordered the game to be played as planned saying; “Americans will not be intimidated.” He declined to answer a reporter’s question of when he had last attended a game.


JERSEY BULLETIN 8-4-13. In a demonstration of collusion and timing bullets sprayed the stands and field as a parachutist armed with a semi-automatic glided into Minneapolis’ Preparation P Stadium, rudely interrupting the Maimer’s hosting of the Kansas City Gunslingers, firing indiscriminately. Six fans and one batboy received minor injuries before Security forces shot down the parachute, the skydiver dying of injuries received when his body made a “splat” sound and exploded near second base.

League President George Scrub III could not be reached for comment. In his place spokesperson Ari Weiner stated; “It is the policy of this administration not to be intimidated and to continue the game at all cost.”

The game resumed after a half hour delay, which was attributed to the difficulty the grounds crew had in removing the tiny fragments of the unidentified splashed body. Subsequently, Security reported finding an unclaimed wallet in the bleachers belonging to Ramsid Turkmenijan, a Palestinian, who Customs claims denying entry into the US, but who also is documented as having spent the last two months at the Kluqueland Air Force Base. Security promises to straighten out these seeming incongruities and report their findings to the press, if not deemed a matter of national concern. They are also investigating planes in the area in an effort to diffuse the rumor spreading through certain religious communities that the parachutist fell from heaven .................................................... ................................................................
................................................................


CROWS GLORY TRAIN ON TRACK
NELSON GOES THE DISTANCE TO POST HIS 19th WIN

JERSEY BULLETIN 8-20-13. The New Jersey Crows are on track to have the best season of their short history and capture the AL East flag. Pre-season bettors stand to multiply their investment forty times over if the dream continues. With three quarters of the season behind them the Crows stand at 71-49, seven games ahead of the Tampa Bay Jesters. At fourteen games back the Baltimore Bombers have gone the way of old age, coming on all at once for last year’s division leaders. After last night’s 14-3 destruction of the Toronto Lumberjacks one has to ask; “Are the Crows beginning to believe in themselves?”

Perhaps a sign of self-assurance was shown by Dave Nelson who said; “I didn’t have my best stuff today. The cut splitter went everywhere except over home plate, so I had to come right in with heat and curves. The way these guys hit I don’t have to pitch well. Give them all the credit. They’ve been doing it all year.” Nelson was no doubt referring to the “Baby Bulls,” Hector Ortega and Pablo Gonzalez, each of whom homered, had three hits and drove in five. They share second place in league round trippers with thirty. Nelson has four more wins than his closest rival and also boasts a league leading 2.22 ERA.

Skipper Harry Manuel said; “These guys make my job easy. I don’t have to do anything after I fill out the line-up card.”

The premature mutual admiration society somehow sticks in this veteran writer’s craw just a bit. They still haven’t won anything, while their commentaries are reminiscent of those who have won the World Series. Though barring a complete collapse they will probably take the AL East, it remains to be seen .....
................................................................
................................................................ 



	                       


NEW YORK CLOCK 10-1-13. The New Jersey, dare I say Hackensack Crows, won the pennant never having to endure any serious challenge, finishing at 95-67, ten games ahead of the Tampa Bay Jesters who compiled a 90-72 record. Having compiled the best record in the American League the Crows will next play the Seattle Bigfoots, who earned wildcard status, in the three of five Division Series.

Dave Nelson had the best season of his career, also the best season of almost anyone’s career with a 25-3 won-loss record and a 2.18 ERA, making him a solid candidate for the Cy Young Award.

Rookie catcher, Hector Ortega batted .316, with 40 homers and 119 RBI’s. Also in his debut year first baseman Pablo Gonzalez ended at .307, 42 and 128. Both “Baby Bulls” will be serious candidates for the Most Valuable Player award, which has never previously been taken by a rookie. Too bad the Rookie of the Year award can only be given to one person.

More punch was provided by third baseman, Ian Coke, whose left-handed free swinging produced improvements over his norm, with 25 dingers, 91 ribbys and a .262 average. Center fielder Justin Johnson kept the opposing infielders edgy as he stole 65 bases to lead the league. Starting pitcher, Bobby Preston was overshadowed by Nelson, but he too, posted the best numbers of his long career, with a not-too-shabby 18-7 won-loss record and a 2.96 ERA.
	We here at the Times congratulate our brothers across the river on an excellent showing. In the old days scribes wished for a “Subway Series.” In modern times wouldn’t it be wonderful to have one of the “Bridge and Tunnel” category? 


WEEHAWKEN, NEW JERSEY 10-2-13
Final standings as reported by the “New York Baseball Digest:”

	Dave sat on his couch and drowsily reflected on the cold hard numbers that represented eight months of work and dreams for countless people, including himself. Somebody dictated that there had to be a loser for every winner; the zero sum game. But, it was as if the story told only factually was so sadly deficient of meaning that it could not be of interest to anyone not employed as an actuary. Hidden behind the numbers were the kids at the parks cheering for their heroes, screaming joyfully when they hit a home run and taking it personally when they struck out; the little ones in wheelchairs who know that when their legs heal they will escape the shadows of the roof and play in the sun; the old men daily sitting in the bleachers recalling when they thought they would be able to do the things the stars did on the field; the vendors walking the aisles honestly calling out; “You can’t tell the players without a scorecard;” the young girls and women rooting for the player on whom they had a crush, for the moment thinking that he was capable of mental telepathy or had the hearing of Superman; the ballboys and now ballgirls who can’t wait to grow up and have their own glory; the players in their coats of many colors trying to remain afloat; the white, black, brown, red and yellow faces with indigent or no parents at all who vow that their kids will be stars; and all the strivers in the middle who took encouragement from the ones who seemingly did it as well as it can be done in the face of illness and fatigue, not wanting to think that the pros were not there only because of hard work. Most were blessed with talents no amount of work can ever hope to attain. And then there was his own story; for the first time since the age of twelve, one not felt in cold, dry numerical green.
	He recalled that many years ago baseball was called “America’s Pastime,” but that was before the flood of competition from football, basketball, cable television and the-whatever-you-want-to-see-internet. Perceptions changed and something was lost. But to him the perceptions were obviously through opaque windows and baseball would always remain “America’s Pastime.”  
	He noted the even-ness in the final results. No teams won or lost sixty percent of the time. The best won less than three out of five and the worst won more than two out of five. On any given day the worst beat the best. It happened so regularly that unlike football and basketball, the word “upset” was not a part of the baseball lexicon. If lowly Portland were put in the World Series it would be no shock if they managed to win four out of seven. If Cincinnati was in the East or West, it would not have won the division, nor would it have been the wild card berth. No playoffs. Of course, luck is involved. Dave liked the implicit egalitarianism.
	Baseball players were rightly the most superstitious people he had met. In a batting slump players may hit the ball right on the nose and it is right at somebody. Conversely, when they are on a hot streak, they can check their swing and hit a little dink that falls between the first baseman, second baseman and right fielder. Unfortunately, the hot streakers often conclude that it’s due to their lucky socks, don’t change them until the streak ends and stink out the locker room mercilessly. Other players tolerate this for the good of the team and because if they tried to get them away their lives would be in danger.
	Yet, he had to concede that numbers did have some use. He pitched differently to home run hitters and those just trying to make contact. The problem is that looks alone did not tell him which was which. The short and stockies, the tall and skinnies, and the in-betweens of any weight are all possible power guys. The stats told him who was who. Sure, it was easy to conclude that the biggest guys were the power guys, and while this has some semblance of truth, one would go broke betting on it. The furthest that anyone has ever hit a baseball was 700 feet; Mickey Mantle. (There is a contrary opinion.) Regardless, the point is that “The Mick” was 5’11” and 195 pounds, rather small by the standards of today’s “performance enhanced” athletes.
	Dave stared at the numbers contained in the final standings in an effort to determine if there were any conclusions he could draw, other than repeating the numbers themselves. An eyeball examination gave him a weak suggestion that there were more wins than losses. He did some math. Sure enough total wins exceeded the total losses by 40; 2450-2410. He thought that this couldn’t be so he re-checked his math, but came to the same conclusion. This was impossible. The figures were supplied by the “New York Baseball Digest,” the supreme authority in the game.
	Dave was flabbergasted. Someone must have come up with a way for both teams to be declared the winner in twenty games. He wasn’t aware of having participated in anything like that. He knew that all games were played to completion, and that if for some reason, like weather or darkness, the game had to be ended while tied, neither team got a win or a loss and the game would be replayed. Fatigued from all the numbers, he put his head back on the couch and closed his bleary eyes. He thought; “What a great concept. An end to the zero sum game. More wins than losses. Now that we know how to do it on a small scale, I wonder how long it will take for everybody to be 162-0.” He drifted off to sleep with a smile on his face, hearing John Lennon sing “Imagine,” and finally became a dreamer.  

Chapter 13

BASEBALL SECURITY FIRM OWNED BY INSIDERS?
SCRUB AND TEAM OWNERS TIE TO BILKO AMUSEMENTS GROUP
	
THE EAST VILLAGE ALTERNATIVE 9-3-13. Private security provider, Bilko Amusements Group, does not list its stockholders in public filings. However, as required, they list an attorney, Robert P. Huff. He is reputed to have mob ties and is also the personal counsel to George Scrub III, twenty-two major league baseball franchise owners and Players Union head Alphonse Giambrone.

While we are not coming to any conclusions, we are suggesting that the interlocking attorney-ship merits further clarification and that we have a right to know who the true owners of Bilko Amusements are. This secretive corporation has been milking the funds of the Players Retirement Fund and seems to be above justifying their high cost, while stadium shooters have not been stopped and each new event has resulted in a call for increased monies for Bilko Amusements ....................................
................................................................
................................................................





SCRUB REFUTES EVA CHARGES
HUFF MERELY A COMPETENT ATTORNEY

WASHINGTON TIMES 9-4-13. In a press conference called by George Scrub III, the baseball head honcho chuckled his way through a prepared speech countering the article published yesterday in The East Village Alternative. He called it; “Inference, innuendo and NOTHING.” He quoted them in saying; “we are not coming to any conclusions,” and called that another example of the poor, imprecise journalism for which EVA is known. He further mentioned that this article could be viewed as yet another demoralizing attack on the great American pastime, coming just when the playoffs will soon be underway.

He said that Robert P. Huff is known in baseball circles as an extremely competent attorney, whose services are sought by many, and that a corporation has no obligation to disclose its shareholders, a right guaranteed under the US Constitution, “Article Six, Seven or something close to that.” He went on to say that EVA, its owners and writers have been added to Bilko Amusement’s “suspicious list,” and that the IRS has informed him that they are in the process of auditing their returns. He affably waved off any questions and left the podium smiling like a ..............................................................
................................................................
................................................................





NELSON SHUTS OUT SEATTLE
GONZALEZ SLAMMER IN FIFTH ENOUGH
CROWS SWEEP DIVISION SERIES

JERSEY BULLETIN 10-11-13. Resurgent Dave Nelson was virtually unhittable, dazzling Seattle’s hapless Bigfoots with his patented cut-split-finger-fastball and allowing only two hits in going the full nine. The 7-0 win wrapped up the first round of the playoffs for the New Jersey Crows in three straight.

The Crows, with the best record in the American League at 95-67 were favored to beat the wildcard Bigfoots who finished at 90-72. Rookie Pablo Gonzalez continued his hot hitting with his second round tripper of the short series, this one coming with the bases full of Crows.

The Crows advance to the second round and will play the winner of the Detroit Machines-Los Angeles Riot contest which currently stands at two apiece. Winning pitcher, Nelson told reporters that; “I was feeling good out there and we had to be at our best to defeat a great team.” Gonzalez said; “He hung a breaker .....
................................................................
................................................................




CROWS FINISH DISSASEMBLING MACHINES
WORLD SERIES NEXT FOR BASEBALL’S CINDERELLAS

JERSEY BULLETIN 10-18-13. Pablo Gonzalez’ hot bat continued to wreak havoc with post season hurlers, as he got three hits including a dinger and drove in five runs as the comeback-story-of-the-decade New Jersey Crows finished off Detroit in four straight. Coasting to an 11-2 win, the crows are yet to lose a playoff game. Hector Ortega chipped in with two hits, a yard shot and three ribbys to more than adequately support Dave Nelson’s third post season victory. He worked 7.1 innings allowing two runs and seven hits. Nelson said; “I struggled a bit today, but didn’t walk anybody and kept the ball in the ballpark. Whenever anybody hit it hard in a key situation it was right at some somebody. Our hitters make pitching easy and I think somebody’s looking out for all of us.”
	
The Crows have been the surprise sports story all summer. After finishing the 2012 season at 77-85, under 500 for the third consecutive year and announcing bankruptcy during the off season, the Black Birds can do no wrong in 2013. They jumped out to an early lead and were never headed, powered by the bats of rookies Hector Ortega and Pablo Gonzalez, who batted .316 and .307, homered 40 and 42 times and drove in 119 and 128 runs respectively, during the regular season. Dave Nelson, a twelve year veteran with a 135-143 record going into this season finished at 25-3, with a 2.18 ERA. Gonzalez’ led the AL in dingers and ribbys, while Nelson led the pitchers in wins and ERA. None of the three were put on the all-star team, but if they keep it up and don’t make it next year New Jersey will certainly explode.

The newcomers have demonstrated their mettle in the post season and the question is; “Can they keep it up against the Giants-Seals victor?” The teams are strong and have extensive post season experience. Their series is currently tied at 2-2. It may have been better for the Johnny-come-latelys to have been engaged in a longer playoff. Sitting around and waiting, will it get into their heads that they have been very lucky and that things can rapidly change with one clutch crack of the bat? This writer thinks that .............................................
................................................................
................................................................ 


  	         
WEEHAWKEN, NEW JERSEY. 10-19-13.
	Dave put down the paper and thought; “Thank you, Chucky Deletrimian. If you hadn’t written that no one might have thought it. Miserable bastard. What was it that Chucky had against him and the Crows? I really have no idea. Up until this year I found the whole thing amusing and never gave it any thought, except generally being careful not to say anything in front of the writers not palatable for public consumption. Maybe it wasn’t the least bit personal. Maybe Chucky’s just another of those malcontents incapable of building anything, so he spends his life tearing other’s work down, like a legalized sniper or bomber. He’s got a sizable Garden State audience; so lots of people must like his stuff. He doesn’t knock the Giants or the Seals. He wouldn’t be able to keep any credibility. They’re proven. The Giants won the whole thing last year and the Seals the year prior. One or the other has been in the World Series the last five years with substantially the same rosters. I guess that the odds are in his favor to laud the proven and disparage that which is not. Things were easier when I didn’t give a damn. That’s the tricky thing about baseball. If you care too much you do poorly. If you don’t care at all you do poorly. You have to find the balance. Right now I have to try not to care too much. That’s a new challenge for me.” 
	He called his father to see what light he could shed on the matter.
	“Hello.”
	“Hi, Dad.”
	“Callin’ to brag?”
	“No, did you see what Deletrimian wrote?”
	“Yeah, and I guess you did too.”
	“Are you saying that I shouldn’t have?”
	“Right.”
	“You make it simple, except if I put on the TV or radio someone might quote him there.”
	“Don’t. Play CD’s or DVD’s.”
	Dave was silent as he couldn’t think of another question, but also had some undefinable aversion to such an easy solution.
	Dad continued; “Guy’s a New Jersey writer. He has to provide a certain tone his audience is accustomed to hearing. So when he runs out of meaningful things to say he fills the article out with crap. Probably gets paid by the word. I don’t know why you pay any attention to what he says. When you were a little kid you always had rabbit ears.”
	Dave remembered the phrase and at the time didn’t comprehend how he could not hear what someone was yelling at him, until that last miserable Little League game, when he flipped over to the other side, by not caring about anything except the money to come. So, he was back at finding the right balance. He said; “That’s the problem. When I care I let the critics bother me. When I don’t care, I could care less what they say. I need a balance.”
	“I’ve already told you. Don’t pay any attention. Deletrimian has a defined New Jersey audience who like to feel second rate. You don’t have to become one of his readers. Without the players he’d have no job and his audience would have nothing to read. Regard him as such. An unoriginal vampire desperate to fill space.”
	“He can make you look bad.”
	“To people who didn’t see the game and have no idea what it’s all about. You can drive yourself crazy trying to convince someone from Borneo that you’re a good ballplayer. Just play the game.”
	“Let ‘em all go screw?”
	“Pretty much. Baseball is one thing where you get paid for your own performance and not what somebody says about it. So relax, perform and make a lot of money. And let’s cut this conversation. We’ve already spent more time discussing the matter than it deserves. It’s liable to get in our heads. Anything else?”
	“No. .......... No. ...... Um, thanks Dad.”
	“Just do your thing.” Dad hung up.
	Dave snorted a quick laugh. He said; “Hippy,” to the dead phone. He did some quick math in his head and indeed, his father was a teenager in the sixties. He put on reared-in-Jersey, Patti Smith’s “Gung Ho” CD and tried to think of nothing except her uplifting and brave voice and words. He drew all the blinds, allowing in only thin slivers of un-revealing light. He contentedly sat on the couch with his head back listening to “Gone Pie.” 

	Dad put on the television and tuned to game six of the National finals. The San Francisco Seals were hosting the New York Giants and the announcer spoke; “Though he is capable of playing any position except pitcher and catcher Frenchy Godard plays third base for the Seals, we are told, because he seems to like hanging around the area.” Mild chuckles commenced. “Here he is leading off the bottom of the fourth. There’s a line shot to left center, one hop off the wall. It must have hit something protruding from it as the carom is away from the fielders. Tim Rice runs it down and throws it into Pablo Sandoval at short. Godard coasts into third standing up.” 
	Godard thought; “With no out I know I’ll eventually score, but I’m in no rush to get there. I know the stated object of the game is to score, but I like the feeling that I can get there whenever I choose to. I love to prolong this vibrant sensation.”
	The announcer continued; “Drew Skoken takes it for ball one. Bordagary comes way down the line and draws a throw from overly anxious Giant catcher Grant Loisa. Though he could have easily gotten back standing up, he slides in head first. What a hot dog! 
	And the pitch. Skoken lines it over short and Godard walks home and jumps on the plate with two feet.”

	Later that day Harry Manuel called Dave and told him to go see the team owner in Manhattan. After he gave him the address Harry added; “I don’t know anyone who has seen this guy. I get my orders, which I don’t always follow, through an intermediary. Must be some sort of a recluse. All that money drives ‘em crazy, like Howard Hughes. Be a little careful.” 

Chapter 14
	Having the luxury of a totally free day Dave elected to take the long way into Manhattan; public transportation. Leaving after rush hour he found the room necessary not to have to jostle with professional commuters who try to create space where there is none by deft maneuvering of the full sized newspapers they pretend to be reading. Three blocks from home, in front of the waterfront high rises he caught a half empty bus, populated with typical metropolitan types. Though skin colors and the clothing that hid most of it ran the gamut, they all made no eye contact indicating a desire to be left alone; one proper looking white woman, probably new to the area, reading what sounded like an instructional book titled; “How To Be Alone.”
	He took a seat near the middle. His left inside smudged window position almost provided a decent view of the black river he caught glimpses of between buildings. The pair of unoccupied, orange-brown, half armchairs were marginally connected at intervals by a few barely exposed eyelet bolts, which threatened to disengage with every bump in the road. The plastic covering showed many tears, some patched with gray duct tape. In either case brittle edges stood up, prepared and capable of impaling anyone dumb enough to be under-dressed in shorts. 
	Dave looked through the window and oddly, his mind went to math. It was always his least favorite subject as its lack of essay questions made it audacious in its demand for one, and only one correct answer. He always considered baseball different. Despite its use of figures any single pitch, any single at-bat, any single game and any single season were random events dictated by the God of Chaos, which corresponded nicely with the players’ high degree of superstition. He wondered if right now, since the Crows had swept the seven games of the American League playoffs, would the odds catch up with them in the Series against the New York Giants, who had struggled to pull out two seven game affairs? Traditional math says no, but traditional math has never played baseball.
	The closer he got to New York City the more dingy buildings sided with gray truck exhaust blocked his view of the river. This was where “The Big Apple” had been dropping its unwanted worms for eighty years. Now, close to where he had grown up, he saw the dwellings of people who knew and accepted their place; second to New York. The culture made a virtue of it, laughing at the strivers, content to be okay without any effort. They formerly enjoyed ridiculing the Crows, while they worshipped the Giants. 
	The bus entered the Lincoln Tunnel, today only one lane open due to the work being done to repair another terrorist blast. The group seeking credit called themselves “Al Qaeda in TSA” (Tri-State-Area), another group of two male, unaffiliated, losers, in their early thirties, still living with Mama, who thought that they were improving their own lot by destroying the lot of the other, perhaps not very different from many except in their internet acquired ability to make a bomb. Thinking they would acquire the stature of Bin-Laden, they got the stature of a backward cartoon character no one ever heard of, excepting their long suffering mothers. 
	The bus seemed to circle upon entering Manhattan, non-descript in smooth concrete at this point as no one wished to live on a perennially trafficked street, except the transvestite hookers who catered to bus and truck drivers. Upon entering Port Authority, the bus continued its circling pattern as it went round and round ramps, slowly descending to the bowels of the building, said by some to be the home of the Phantom of the Opera, with 158 reported sightings. Dave didn’t believe this as the Phantom loved music and all that could be found at the main level was boom box rap.
	After what seemed adequate time to attain a BS in Math the bus parked and the passengers who refused to notice the other’s existence made their ways down the three steps and to the plain silver elevator, which in its simplicity and fingerprints, pre-dated stainless steel refrigerators. Riders jostled for position in an impersonal game reminiscent of “neighborhood” touch football. Dave took the stairs.
	When he reached the main level he was greeted by “friendly,” fast-talking people who seemed as if they needed an urgent bathroom trip, who wanted to know if he was looking for anything in particular. He honestly told them that he wasn’t. He animatedly walked through the huge lobby, trying to create the impression that he was a man on the go, hoping to discourage the “guides.” He passed through the ground floor, which was lined with retail stores and restaurants patronized by the locals, exited and saw Mickey Mouse. Smiling old Mick was ensconced on the roof of a twelve story building, waving and smiling to everyone, noticed only by the out-of-towners. Dave said; “Hi,” and walked uptown.
	He retrieved the crumpled paper from his jeans pocket to make sure he knew where he was going, a lifelong directional problem never ameliorated by membership in a 4-H club. It said; “Raymond Deitrich, 778 Water Street (between 48th and 49th Streets, on First Avenue.) Top floor.
	He crossed Eighth Avenue and walked down the Disneyland that was the tourism-in-mind gentrification of Forty-Second Street. At Fifth Avenue, the dividing point between the East and West sides, he briskly walked uptown, taking in the come and go stores selling electronics, often without guts, and “boot legged” DVD’s at half price, often with rolling frames. The super wide streets were packed with shoppers, some excitedly pointing at things unavailable in their home town stores but within easy reach with a few keystrokes. The aging group still enjoyed shopping surrounded by real merchandise, apparently disdaining the nowhere feeling they got in cyberspace.
	At Forty-Fifth Street the stores began their climb to upscale status, displaying French and Italian sounding names and employing sales help for whom English was a recently acquired second or third language. Merchandise included unisex silk scarves of faded pastel colors, populated by collages of tiny human figures doing genteel, archaic things. Some were dressed for a wedding and walked their open-mouthed, happy dog along the water’s edge, without the company of a cell phone. Dresses and sport jackets, some on sale for only $800, commanded the attention of the thinning crowd, whose sophistication only permitted terse, unsmiling comments which indicated relative comparisons to other nouvelle designer apparel.
	Dave took Forty-Eighth east viewing a mixture of residential and commercial structures of lower proportion, in that most of the side block’s height did not exceed three stories. Though the variations were sufficient to interest the observations of the well-travelled, redundancy was demonstrated in brownstone, brick and an occasional limestone, now broken up into pricey condos of six per building, two per floor, with an ethnic or health food store in the basement.
	Dave got to First Avenue and saw the busy harbor straight ahead. He didn’t want to dawdle and risk being late, so he made a left onto a block he had never before seen. “A car dealership right in the middle of Manhattan!” he thought. “Weird.” He tried to picture how a truck carrying eighteen autos would get through Manhattan streets. “With difficulty, I guess.” He shrugged, smiled and saw that next to it was an older, tallish, brick building with gold lettering above the entrance saying 778 Water Street. No doorman stood near so he pushed the black iron door and it swung open easily. A few people were chatting in the white tiled lobby. Dave thought they were office workers on some sort of break, as they took cursory looks at him, but quickly returned to their main engagement. The dark green walls appeared as if they had been painted by someone who was charging by the bucket as it was lopped on creating a texture analogous to a river frozen in cold or time which was decorated in the wrong color. To make matters more surreal it had sparse, thin, golden lines on the surface. He went directly to the waiting black-doored elevator and pushed the highest numbered button; nineteen.
	Dave heard the whoosh and felt the tremble of the rising box. As he was its prisoner he hoped that it was in good operating order. It was good enough to deliver him to the top floor. The doors slowly slid open and he withdrew. He entered the hallway which was identical to the lobby. He looked at the signs on the closed doors for one saying Raymond Deitrich. He saw names like Bombay Paints, New York Cruise Lines, Athenaeum Asides, Florence Remains and Parisian Prizes. He re-checked his crumpled note and when he wasn’t looking a pretty, long haired blond woman of about thirty approached. He flinched as he put the paper back in his pocket as he was startled. He smiled sheepishly and said; “Sorry.” She nodded. He added; “Do you have any idea where I can find Raymond Dietrich?”
	She murmured; “Follow me,” and led him to a door which was opposite the one he had just taken that said; “Broom Closet,” and used a key to open it. Inside was another elevator with an open set of doors. She walked in and he followed thinking; “This is getting kinky. Great.” He ogled her unadorned milky white legs well on display under her retro 1960’s micro mini. She said; “Goin’ up,” and Dave coughed not knowing if that was a question or a statement of fact. Rather than risk answering in a broken voice he pushed the highest button. The doors closed and he felt a lifting sensation.
	She said; “You must be Dave Nelson.”
	Feeling more comfortable Dave smiled and replied; “In the flesh. And you are?”
	“Katharine Dorio, Administrative Assistant for Raymond Deitrich.”
	“An Italian blonde?”
	“From up north.”
	The slow motion elevator continued its groan until it came to an abrupt stop, jostling the two occupants. The doors opened and they were inside an office with a large neat mahogany desk in the center. Standing at the yellow back wall was a black man in heavy wraparound shades stroking an oil painting of an oak tree in fall, some red leaves already lying at its base. The man said; “Is that you Katharine?”
	“Yes, and I brought a guest.”
	“Don’t tell me. It’s Dave Nelson, the best pitcher in baseball.”
	Dave was properly and truly modest, saying; “Maybe this year. It took long enough.”
	Katharine said; “Dave, meet Raymond Dietrich.” She returned to the elevator.
	Dave thought the man looked like Ray Charles at age forty. His movements which defied the direction of his head made Dave think that he was similarly blind. The two slowly moved toward one another, right arms extended and shook. Dave said; “Be careful,” as he guided Raymond to the large Chippendale wing chair behind the desk and sat on a flimsier looking Heppelwhite model on the other.
	Raymond said; “Thank you, but I don’t require any guidance. I don’t want to sound rude, but it has something to do with my oversupply of pride.”
	“Sorry.”
	“No, don’t be. It was a generous offer. Just don’t do it again.” Raymond smiled.
	So did Dave before he realized that Raymond couldn’t see it. He was never previously in this situation and he was at a loss for words. He came up with; “I smiled too.” Suddenly nervous Dave quickly added; “Were you looking at that oil painting?” and drew back his lips in a grimace.
	Raymond laughed and said; “It takes a while. Just keep at it and you’ll be fine.”
	Dave thought; “Sounds like my father.”
	Raymond continued; “Actually I was feeling the painting. Oils have texture you know and Katharine and I have a little game. She picks them out and I have to decipher what it is. It’s more difficult than you would probably imagine. For instance I now know from the texture that that one is a tree, but never having seen a real tree my first guess was Medusa.”
	Dave thought he understood how Raymond could make that mistake, but was again having difficulty speaking. It seemed that everything he thought of would display some pity. He finally said; “How long did that take?”
	“Very good. See, you’re getting there already. It didn’t take long at all. Three days. But now I must determine what kind of tree.”
	“How can you do that?”
	“Feeling the texture, of course. Now I will read, in Braille of course, of different barks trees have and try to match the words with the feel.”
	“Impressive.”
	“Not really. I would tell you to try it to see how quickly it can be learned. But you’d be handicapped because you’ve seen trees.” They both audibly laughed. Raymond continued; “Whenever I correctly state all the details in a painting Katharine replaces it with another. We can keep this game going forever. Oh, but here I go babbling about my boring life again.” He reached into his top drawer and retrieved papers which he pushed in Dave’s direction and continued; “Why I requested your presence was because I have a new contract to offer you.”
	Dave scanned the boilerplate and focused on the essentials. He was shocked; seven years at four million per. He exhaled perceptibly. Raymond incorrectly interpreted his response as negative and said; “We can renew it for another seven when it’s near the end.”
	Dave laughed and never previously would have imagined himself saying something like this, but felt compelled to respond; “No. I mean yes. I mean it’s great. But in all honesty I’ll be forty-one when this runs out and most likely my pitching days will run out long before that.”
	“Who says so?”
	“The law of averages. It’s unusual to last past thirty-six.”
	“That law was rejected by the Supreme Court. Wilhelm made it to fifty because the knuckler took nothing out of his arm. You might be able to keep throwing that cut splitter forever. It doesn’t require speed, takes nothing out of your arm and nobody can hit it.”
	“You’re quite an optimist.”
	“Hasn’t this last year taught you to be one, too. Go back a year. If someone said that next year you would be 25-3, with a 2.18 ERA and that the Crows would be American League champions what would you have replied?”
	“I’d of thought that they were being tastelessly sarcastic and would have been tempted to punch them.”
	Raymond muttered something sounding like; “Hmmph,” and Dave signed three copies of the contract. He pushed two back in front of Raymond and said; “Here’s your two. Thanks. Thanks ever so much!”
	Raymond left them there and changed the subject; “I’m having that dome removed during the off season. Its days are long over. The thing is getting to be such a hazard after all this time. Rather than attempting a repair or replacement it’s better to get rid of it entirely. So, you guys might be getting rained out sometimes next year.”
	“More in sync with nature.”
	“Precisely.” Raymond stood and offered his right hand. Dave got up and shook it heartily.
	As Dave turned toward the elevator Raymond said; “I know what you’re thinking. Poor guy is blind. Well, don’t feel sorry for me. I’ve got all the other senses and they’ve been enhanced by their need to compensate. When you Crows are down in Florida for spring training, all you’re thinking about is doing well so that you can get to be a regular. I’m there too, but I enjoy it more because I can feel it. Do Crows really feel it?”
	“Sometimes. ...... Not often.”
	“I feel it all the time. I stand there and hear the crack of the bat, smell the newly oiled gloves, hear the chatter, taste my clams dripping with hot sauce and most of all I feel that warming breeze coming in from the south through the gulf. It’s always there you know, even when you don’t feel it. ...... I know you’re looking at me funny. If you can’t believe that, this is undeniable. It always comes back.”
	“Will you be at the next spring training?”
	“Sure.”
	“How can I find you?”
	“Look for the guy with the blissed out face and shades eating clams.”
	Dave nodded and grinned, then realized that Raymond could not see his reaction. He was tempted to say something, but didn’t because he then thought that Raymond just might be fully aware. He pushed the elevator button and the doors opened. Katharine Dorio was standing alone inside.
	She said; “Don’t go yet. I want to show you something.”
	Dave was led through a back door to the roof. Katharine said; “You see, there is really no twentieth floor. We’re in a small cupola on top of the building. I’ve made gardens of the roof. Do you like?”
	Dave’s eyes surveyed the boxes and urns filled with dirt and growing trees and bushes. The edges of the rectangular roof were lined with twenty foot trees; many evergreen and the insides contained the bushes, all still in full bloom. Paths crisscrossed the space and Dave took the closest one, followed by Katharine.
	She said; “Over the years I’ve planted everything you see here, growing most from seeds. I like it and it gives Raymond the opportunity to experience real nature right in the middle of the city. It requires a fair amount of work, but Raymond entertains few visitors, so I get the time.”
	“It’s beautiful,” Dave said as he went into the trees.
	“Be careful. You’re getting near the edge.”
	Dave stopped and looked down seeing the tar roof of the car dealership. Always having had a problem with heights he felt a bit dizzy and returned to the central bushes. He said; “No problem. I like it better in here.”
	Katharine gently smiled and pointed out some of her favorites as Dave’s spinning head recovered its balance. They tried other paths, Dave discovering that whichever one he took it always led back to the cupola, unless he strayed to the brink and saw the vertigo inducing abyss. 
	Dave lost track of time as they silently strolled through each internal passageway. When the sun neared the end of its daily trip, she said; “It’s time to go.” Katharine led Dave back to the cupola. They entered and Raymond was gone. He mumbled; “Bye,” and entered the waiting elevator.
	He took little note of the scenery he encountered on his way back to Weehawken as his mind could not leave the rooftop garden. 

Chapter 15
SERIES TIED!
JERSEY BULLETIN 10-30-13. Dave Nelson was at his best under pressure, pitching a five hit shutout for the New Jersey Crows, winning 1-0, to even the World Series with the New York Giants at 3-3. It was his second Series and fifth post season victory against no losses, capping a stunning season. Game 7 is scheduled here for tomorrow at 5PM and Harry Manuel is expected to start Andy Barber, who was roughed up in game 3, having to leave in the fourth, allowing six earned runs.

Despite miraculous years from Nelson, Ortega and Gonzalez; and to a lesser extent Preston and Coke, the Crows are not yet home free. This writer, Charles Deletrimian, is of the opinion that they will have great difficulty in getting there. NJ’s pitchers, excepting Nelson and Preston, have had little success in containing the Giant big bats and neither will be available tomorrow. One might hope for a few days of rainouts, but the Meadowlands dome makes that impossible.

The Crows have had Lady Luck on their side during the first six games, as the sluggers have been struggling and the Giants have outscored the Crows by an unbelievable 38-14. The Crows have eked out three one run wins and lost three deluges. There doesn’t seem to be anything left in the arsenal, which was bolstered all year long by once-in-a-lifetime performances. It was a commendable effort, but reality is overdue ...............
................................................................
................................................................

                      

          



MEADOWLANDS- 10-31-13- GAME 7 OF WORLD SERIES
	
	
	A steady rain pelted the arid New Jersey earth all night. Stars with the audacity to think that they were the desired focal points were obscured by the wall to wall, black and thundering clouds. The Meadowlands ground crew arrived at what passed for dawn and went about their routine of line painting, grass mowing and dirt raking, solemnly doing the work to provide a perfect field for game seven of the World Series. By 11AM the rainclouds had shot their wad and the sun appeared brilliant in the light blue sky, only marred by one tiny dark remnant which stubbornly refused to admit that the show was over. At 11:15 Ground Crew Chief Matt DiMaggio put in a call and orders were received to open the dome, so as to play the final game in the sun.
	Levers were cranked and buttons were pushed. The curving pieces of gray composite, water repellant covered, steel encumbrances parted with an ear-splitting groan, then whined their way down into the spaces which almost hid them. Starting in left field illuminating golden rays streamed into the diamond, quickly filling it.
 
	At 5PM, from an enclosed booth high behind home plate MBC announcer Gary Sutherland was shouting in an attempt to overcome the constant crowd howl; “Top of the ninth. Crows still ahead 7-6. Bases full, two outs and here comes that man. Buster Wilson is striding to the plate. Andy Barber, who has gone the distance, looks tired and is looking into the dugout. He has good reason to be worried as Wilson is four for four on the day, including a two run dinger in the seventh. Buster led the National League in homers with 47 and RBI’s with 132. He’s been on a tear in the post-season, batting .535 with 8 homers and 26 driven in. No surprise. Here comes Harry Manuel. The Crow manager has called time out and is walking to the mound. This’ll be it for Andy, who struggled all day, but hung in there and got the outs when he most needed them.”	
	Joe McCarver, the color man, spoke; “You’re absolutely right, Gary. Andy Barber did a real pro job when his pitching shy team most needed it. He didn’t have his best stuff, but he didn’t walk anybody and kept the ball in the ballpark.”
	“Except for Wilson.”
	“Right you are, Gary. That’s the problem. Andy hands the ball to Harry and listen to that. The fans are giving him a standing ovation as Barber walks to the dugout. He tips his cap and waves. Question is who is Harry going to bring in now?”
	“The relief corps is short and none of them have had much success against the strong hitting New York Giants. In fact the only pitcher who has had clear cut success is nowhere to be seen. Dave Nelson, who just yesterday threw a complete game shutout to tie the series at three apiece is not on the bench or in the bullpen. If you were managing what would you do?”
	Joe laughed and said; “For once I’m glad I’m not. I think the best thing to do is fall down, fake some kind of attack and get carried off the field.” He and Gary chuckled as Joe said; “Look at Harry. He’s holding the ball and standing on the mound all alone. You weren’t a pitcher, buddy. Better find somebody else.” More compulsory chuckles came over the sound of a pencil tapping out something nobody could dance to.

	Down on the field, Brian Daugherty, the home plate umpire, lumbered toward the mound, hindered by all his protective equipment. He called out; “What’s up, Harry. You’ve got to get a pitcher out there. You can’t do it yourself. You’re not on the roster card.” His fat round face was smiling.
	Harry answered; “Don’t rush me. I’ve got thirty seconds.”
	Brian knew that Harry was notorious for knowing the rule book and didn’t want to get in a heated discussion he would likely lose. Instead he turned back toward the plate, glanced at his watch and said; “Fifteen.”
	Two guys who were throwing in the bullpen, a righty, Michael Balfour and a lefty, Carmen Alonzo stopped and stood near the gate to see who would get the call. The Giants had beaten up on both handily thus far in the series. Buster bats left-handed, so Alonzo seemed the likely choice.
	Harry pointed into the dugout and said; “Nelson.”
	His word couldn’t be heard over the crowd and players looked at each other, unsure who was being called out. Harry yelled; “Nelson, get out here, now.”
	As instructed, Dave was still throwing behind the dugout to third string catcher, Jerry Wade. His arm was extremely tired from having gone the full nine innings yesterday, but did as he was told, not really expecting to come in the game. Rafael Ortiz, a bench jockey, with management aspirations opened the back door and called to him; “Nelson, Harry wants ‘ya.”
	“You’re kidding me.”
	“No man, get out there.”
	Dave entered the dugout, looked out to the field and saw Harry standing on the pitcher’s mound with an air of impatience. He put a questioning arm to his chest as if to say; “Me?”
	Harry yelled; “Get out here Nelson. You’re making me look bad.”
	Daugherty yelled out; “Time’s up,” just as Dave’s left foot hit the dirt. A low buzz emanated from the crowd, gradually rising to a roar. As he slowly walked to the mound he heard calls of; “You’re the man,” “Go get ‘em,” “All my money’s on ‘ya,” “Send us home,” and other encouragements which became indecipherable as they blended. The crowd rose to their feet and started clapping to the beat provided by someone in the bleachers with a bass drum. Dave knew the tune to be Eminem’s “Lose Yourself,” but at this point couldn’t recall the lyrics, just the driving beat. He caught his father’s eye, who was at his seat behind third base. He was standing, but motionlessly so and when he saw his son look his way he looked to the sky and shook his head, observing the one small black cloud which had virtually no effect on the perfect day.   
	Harry extended the ball to him near the rubber and Dave said; “You didn’t put my name on the card yet, so this can be changed. I’m gonna mess it up, Harry, you don’t know what you’re doing.” He looked at the ball, but kept his arms at his sides.
	Harry was exceedingly vexed by Dave’s attitude and said; “Who else do I have bring in the game?”
	Dave shrugged and weakly said; “Alonzo? Lefty versus lefty. It’s traditional.”
	Harry gave him a sickening look, grimacing with eyes at the corners.
	Dave’s voice rose when he added; “My arm’s dead, man. My fastball is absolutely flat.”
	“Forget the fastball. You don’t need a live arm to throw that cut splitter. Just get it over the plate.” He slammed the ball into Dave’s stomach, which right now was not his strongest point. Dave took the ball and gave Harry one more pleading look. Harry silently walked back to the dugout. Dave sarcastically said; “Yeah, right.”
	Dave took his eight warm up pitches, two of which might have been strikes to Godzilla. He felt worse than before he started. Hector Ortega, the catcher walked out to discuss signals. With his glove protecting his mouth, Dave said; “The usual. Harry says all threes, cut splitters.” He looked behind him and Johnny Romo, the shortstop tapped his glove on his chest indicating that he was covering second. Dave nodded and rolled the ball around in his hand.
	Ortega pounded his glove and squatted behind the plate. Wilson stood ready. Infield chatter commenced; “Come on, Dave,” “No batter up there,” “Hum, Davey,” and various other sounds that were supposed to be encouraging. The crowd noise elevated and elevated, eventually drowning out the players. Ortega flashed three. Dave went from the stretch, whirled and threw to second base, hoping some miracle would happen and that he could pick off the runner, rather than pitching to Buster. It would indeed have been a miracle as the runner was only five feet off the bag and Romo didn’t expect a throw, but managed to get there just in time. He held the ball a second and said; “Come on, Dave. You can do it. Just like yesterday.” He threw it back and the chatter again started and the crowd yelled. Wilson stood in. Ortega again flashed three. Dave stretched and again threw to second base. Everything got so quiet that he heard the clap of the ball as it entered the shortstop’s glove. Romo looked worried and said; “Come on, man. Nuthin’ happenin’ here. Get the hitter.”
	Dave caught his throwback and knew this was it. He picked up the resin bag and flipped it around in his sweaty right hand. His legs felt as if he had just finished the mile. He stepped toward the mound. Buster, the man, stepped in. Ortega squatted and showed three. Noise came from all directions. Dave backed off and looked at his father, who stood with his arms folded against his chest. Dave thought he detected lips curled in disgust. Harry trotted out of the dugout and called for time. When he got to Dave he didn’t face him, but rather stood at his side, eyes on the ground. Dave was looking at his father and was now certain that he was displaying disdain, if not out and out repulsion. Dave switched to Harry’s perspective and together they surveyed the many footprints on the dirt mound.
	In a mellow voice Harry said; “What the hell is wrong now?”
	Dave shook his head slowly and replied; “I don’t really know. ...... It’s like ...... It’s like I’ve been practicing and playing this game for close to thirty years now. Mediocre teams, meaningless games. I never gave a shit, you know what I mean?”
	Harry whispered; “Yeah, I’ve been married a couple of times,” his tone indicating neither agreement nor disagreement, sounding somewhat like a half question.
	Dave went on; “None of the games were important. I tried to do well, but if not, no big thing. There were always many more games on the way. ...... It was kind of relaxing and easy. But, now, you know, it’s like all those thirty years boil down to this one situation. Maybe, it’s the first time I really care what happens and I’m afraid that it will be a disaster. I just can’t do it.”
	Harry calmly said; “That’s it?”
	Dave shrugged and said; “Yeah. ... Kind of.”
	Harry’s voice elevated to an exasperated level when he said; “Nelson, you think you are so God damned important. Whatever happens, sure, everybody will be talking about it tomorrow. But guess what. The day after tomorrow nobody will even remember. They’ll be talking about the next movie star in rehab or some other bullshit. So, just throw the fucking ball. ... And I mean to home plate!” He walked back toward the dugout.
	Dave smiled when he called out; “Hey, Harry. Fuck you. Just plain fuck you.”
	Harry had stopped and was looking at Dave. He laughed, said; “Right,” and continued on. Dave looked to his father whose arms had taken permanent residence across his chest and mumbled; “You really think I can’t, don’t you?”
	Dave went to the rubber and somehow Harry’s helpful upbraiding had made the other feelings disappear. Noise started tenuously and rose steadily. The man stepped in and seemed to be sporting a derisive grin. Dave got mad. Ortega flashed three. Dave stretched. He came forward and let it go. It started out waist high, then dropped below Wilson’s knees on the outside corner as he swung over it. Daugherty said; “Strike one,” and with his right hand pushed the little clicker button of his ball-strike indicator.
	Ortega nodded approval and zinged the ball back. Dave caught it and paced around the mound like an anxious leopard. He stepped on the rubber and eyed Buster, who had not yet gotten back into the batter’s box. As he glared his mind said; “Don’t make me wait jerk. You ain’t gonna hit this thing anywhere, anyway.” Wilson stepped in sans grin. Noise started growing. Ortega flashed three. Dave heard nothing and saw only a huge glove target. He stretched and fired. Buster swung and made only a breeze, looking like some busher from Double A, his bat two feet above the ball and way in front of it. Daugherty said; Strike two,” and pushed his ball-strike indicator button again.
	Ortega looked the ambitious runner back to third, faking a throw as he had come fifteen feet down the line, hoping that the catcher wasn’t paying any attention to him. Ortega then threw the ball back to Dave. “He’s all yours now. Just one more.” Dave took the return throw and turned his back to the plate. He took off his cap and wiped his seriously sweating forehead with his Black Crow sweatshirt arm. He absently looked at his infielders who were calling out more encouragement and smoothing out the already smooth dirt with their spikes. He didn’t hear what they were saying as he was thinking about his next pitch. He thought; “Traditional wisdom suggests that I waste a fastball and if I get lucky Buster strikes out swinging at a bad pitch. A pitcher gets criticized if he makes an 0-2 pitch too good. Besides, I never liked throwing the same pitch three times in a row to anybody. Just let him look at one. But, my father had always said; ‘If he can’t hit it, keep throwing it until he proves he can.’ Harry also told me to throw the cut splitters. If I throw it and Wilson hits it, it’s their fault. Just following orders.” He decided; “Fastball’s not what they want. Let’s get this over with while I’m hot. No fooling around. Get him with the cut splitter now.” 
	He turned to the plate with determination. This time Buster was waiting for him. As he looked in, Ortega, Daugherty and Buster broke into an argument about Buster’s foot being out of the batter’s box. While he usually stood as far back as he could, he had now moved the opposite way and was as far up as he could go, no doubt in an effort to nail the cut splitter before it took it’s dive.
	Harry ran from the dugout and wanted to know what was going on. Daugherty explained; “As always the batter’s box lines have been wiped out through game activity. So I drew this front line with his bat. He’s standing behind that.”
	Harry said; “He’s gonna step into it and when he does his front foot will be out of the box.”
	“You can’t predict the future.”
	“The hell I can’t. It happened every other time he swung. It’ll happen again this time.”
	“Rules say he has to be standing in the box and he is. Case closed.”
	“The rules also say that if a batter hits a ball while out of the batter’s box that he is out, but you guys never call that one.”
	“Harry, discussion over. Grandpa, go back, sit down, shut up and let the youngsters play the game. All right?”
	Harry knew that he had a correct, but losing argument. He didn’t want to get the umpire too mad and have him take it out on the players. He “accidentally” kicked a small amount of dirt onto home plate as he silently walked back to the dugout.
	Dave called out; “Hey, Harry. Don’t worry. He ain’t gonna hit the thing anywhere.” He took a few steps toward home plate and chuckled at the sight of Daugherty bending over with his back to him brushing off home plate. Buster stared at him. Dave showed him the ball and laughed as he yelled; “The only way you’re gonna touch this is if you take it out of the catcher’s mitt and hit a fungo.”
	Harry’s entire body and head winced. He thought; “Oh, good God. I got a mental midget for an umpire and a bi-polar pitcher who one minute can’t throw the ball and a minute later thinks he’s Bob Gibson. And I’m going to be judged based on what they do. Jesus Fucking Christ.” He sat by himself in the corner of the dugout, hung his head almost between his legs, folded his hands and whispered; “Hail Mary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou ...................”
	First Base Coach John Kimbrel went to him and said; “You all right, Harry?”
	“Fuck off, man. ...... amongst women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus ..........................”
	The infield chatter commenced. The crowd roared like a wounded, but still very vital lion. The shirtless drum man in the right field bleachers slammed out a loud beat nobody recognized, but after a few repetitions the standing crowd clapped in unison. As Dave pranced back to the mound, he realized that Wilson’s foot shift had changed the entire situation. He thought; “When a man is way up in the plate the best thing to do is bust him with the hard stuff, but my hard stuff had gone the way of the game of cricket.” He looked to his father and saw him flashing “one” in front of his zipped gray jacket. Dave looked bewildered as he thought; “You always told me to keep throwing it until he proves he can hit it.” 
	 Dad correctly surmised his son’s dilemma and kept showing “one,” now with increased motion. Dave looked to Harry, whose hands were folded with his head now between his knees, staring at the ground as if he couldn’t bear to watch. Dave looked back to his Dad, who was now frantically flashing “one” with his right index finger. The people near him must have thought that there was something horrible at his feet. Dave didn’t know what to throw. He decided to go with the majority opinion. Dave laughed and nodded. He thought; “One and a half votes for the fastball, a half vote for the cut splitter and one born again, evangelistic abstention. Here goes.”
	He put his right foot on the rubber, leaned over and looked in. Ortega flashed “three.” Dave shook him off. The catcher thought that there must have been some misunderstanding, so he again flashed “three,” and Dave again shook him off.
	Buster stepped out of the box. Ortega called time and trotted out to Dave. He lifted his mask and said; “What’s up, man?”
	Dave said; “I’m goin’ with the heater.”
	“You ain’t got nothin’ left, pal.”
	“Hey, man. I’m feelin’ good. I’ve been having the best year of my life. He’s up in the box and I think I can conjure up one Walter Johnson fastball to top the whole thing off.”
	“Who?”
	“Never mind.”
	“I hope you know what the hell you’re doin’.”
	“More than ever.”
	Ortega took a few unsure steps toward home. Dave pranced to the chalked line between first base and home. He yelled; “Hey, Buster. Watch this.” He dug his right spike in and moved his foot back and forth obliterating two feet of the foul line. Buster and Ortega stared without expression. With his maniacally shining eyes glued to Buster, Dave strutted to the chalked line between third base and home and shouted; “Just so you don’t think that was an accident.” He used his left spike to destroy two feet of that foul line. Buster blinked his eyes, ground the head of his bat into the dirt and leaned on the handle. He looked into his dugout. Dave spit and said; “That’s fuckin’ equality.” As he walked back to the mound he saw that everyone except Buster, even Harry, had their eyes transfixed on him. He thought; “Never hurts to let your opponent think you’re a little crazy.”  
	Ortega put his mask back in place and walked back to home plate, shaking his head and mumbling something in Spanish. The only words Dave could make out were gringo and chalado.
	Ortega pounded his glove and squatted behind the plate. Wilson stepped in, further up in the box than he was before. The noise level rose to that of Niagara Falls at its base. The drummer could not be differentiated from the drummed. Dave toed the rubber and leaned in. Ortega flashed “one.” Dave nodded and rather than stretching he went from the full windup. He double pumped to let Buster think about it some more. Then he delivered.
	The ball hit Ortega’s glove before Buster started his swing and Daugherty yelled; “Stee-rike three.” Dave started jumping and the rest of his team ran full tilt to him. Ortega lifted him off the ground and broad face laughed when he said; “God damned fanatic.” With the help of the others the catcher got Dave in the air. They carried him toward the dugout. Dave thought; “I can’t believe that I just did that.”
	Dave started laughing and crying at the same time. He looked at the crowd, which had broken through security and was streaming onto the field heading for him. Thousands of feet decimated the remainder of the foul lines from the fences to home plate. He saw his father’s gray jacket, but oddly his Dad was not looking at him. Silver flashes, much like a mirror reflecting the sun, were emanating from a spot in the crowd and Dad seemed to be frantically trying to get there, but he was blocked in by the celebrating wall to wall throng. He was trying to push people out of his way, but when he moved one another took the same place. He was yelling and attempting to break through, just like everybody else, who were irritated thinking that he should wait his turn, just like them. His expression appeared to be pained.
	Dave heard what sounded like a cough come from the area producing the silver flashes and simultaneously felt a pain like the bite of a fire ant. The next thing he knew he was on his back on the ground, looking up at the faces of his team mates. They were hunched over and worriedly alternating their silent stares from him to something behind them Dave couldn’t see. Dave felt better than he ever had before. He was still laughing and crying, tears proudly streaming down his cheeks, as he raucously asked his friends; “What’s the matter? We’re champions. We’re the bona fide, certified, fucking champions.”
	Dave’s gaze drifted to the space directly above him. Between the circled heads of his ridiculously troubled team mates he saw a brilliant blue sky. Quickly that one small, seemingly irrelevant black cloud slyly maneuvered its way in front of the sun and everything went dark. He felt that warm southerly breeze come from between all the touching legs and two red-breasted robins hovered just above the crowd.                       

ANOTHER  LYRICAL  INDISSOLUBLE  VIVACIOUS  ENDING

