Icing 
the
Competition

The Savannah Slashers Series

Book 1

Icing the Competition

By April Cronin

Copyright ©  2016 By April Cronin

ISBN-13: 978-1-370-66833-5

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical, or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the permission of the author.

Cover Art by Clinton Williams Art

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


For Jonathan Toews of the Chicago Blackhawks;
Thanks for being such a great muse!

And to my husband Brad;
For being the man of my dreams!
A Note from the Author;

Thank you so much for picking up a copy of Icing the Competition the first book of the Savannah Slashers series! I had a lot of fun getting Dean and Abby together! And for those of you who felt bad for Joey, don't worry, I'm working on his own happily ever after!

As a BIG fan of the Chicago Blackhawks and hockey in general, I want to thank Jonathan Toews and the Blackhawks organization for being my muse! I may have changed the eye color, but when I imagined Dean Kirk, it was Toews that came to mind! And let it be known that the Savannah Slashers, a fictitious team, was modeled after the Blackhawks organization and style of play!

I also want to thank my good friend and editor Jean for the hours she helped me put into this story, as well as lending her likeness to the book throughout the series!

If you enjoy  Icing, be sure to leave me a review at your favorite retailer and recommend it to your friends! I'm writing for you after all, and the more feedback I get, the better my future stories will be! And check out my sneak peek below as Donovan Pierce meets his match in the second installment of the series!

-April Cronin
Chapter 1
Abby



“Come with me Abby, just for a little while,” he coaxed softly, extending his upturned palm towards her.
Daydreaming again, she could all but see the sparks of passion that emanated from his outstretched hand. The sun was just cresting over the horizon, colors exploding against the pale blue sky. She knew the sand beneath her toes would be warm, and if she looked out at the ocean she would be sure to see dolphins bobbing playfully in the far off waves.
But turning back toward the man before her, Abby tried her best to catch a glimpse of this handsome stranger. The contours and shapes of his masculine face blurred before her, forever just out of focus.
Though he often haunted her, both day and night, offering Abby a passion she had never known to exist outside of her dreams, she had yet to discern what this dazzling creature looked like.
Oh, she knew his body well enough, and she could describe exactly how each and every muscle felt pressed up against her, but his face always remained on the outer fringes of her awareness. Intriguing her further.
And as they walked along the beach today, watching the sunrise, and the way its rays played over the cool ocean water that lapped gently at their feet, Abby gave in, and just enjoyed the heat of his palm against hers, and the sensations he always evoked.
“Abby? Girl, what are you still doing here? Aren’t you going to be late?”
Snapping back to reality, Abby looked up from her computer screen to see her co-worker, Monica, as her overly made up face poked around the doorframe of her small once-attic-now-converted office. Pushing back from the desk she stretched and looked at the clock above her on the back wall.
“Wow, four-thirty already huh?”
Nodding, Monica sauntered in and placed a stack of folders in the incoming slot on Abby’s desk. “You two lovebirds have a hot date tonight right?” she asked as she fluttered her lashes and stroked one plump brown finger down the side of a photo on the desk.
Abby picked up the photo, and glancing at it briefly, smiled before setting it back down. “Yeah, we’re going to dinner at 29 South in Fernandina. It’s kind of our place. We reconnected there a few years ago, had our first date there too. Three years ago today, actually.”
Monica slumped into a chair on the opposite side of the desk, putting her feet up on the edge as she lounged back. “Ooh Three years! You think he’s going to pop the question?” she asked suggestively as she waggled her bushy eyebrows.
Looking more closely at the figures in the picture, Abby’s smile softened. “I don’t know. It would be quite romantic though wouldn’t it?”
The photo had been taken a few months after they’d started dating, at an adoption event for the shelter where Abby worked. Her coppery red hair hung loosely curled around her shoulders, and her baby blue eyes shimmered as laughter lit her face. Her boyfriend Joey had his arms around her, and though you couldn’t see it as his head was turned towards her, his dark blue eyes were deepened with admiration, and his shaggy blonde hair fluttered in the wind.
A small black puppy was wiggling helplessly in Abby’s arms and had become entangled in her hair. The puppy, a lab mix named Rodger had been successfully adopted. Abby and Joey consummated their relationship that very evening. It was a day Abby would most certainly never forget.
“Well, I don’t really know much about romance, I tend to like my wine out of a box you know. But after three years he better be considering marriage or it’s time to dump that boy.” Monica continued, as she picked at her nails.
Abby chuckled softly, “I don’t know Mon, I kind of like things the way they are. I haven’t even thought about marriage myself, so I certainly couldn’t fault him for it. Could I?”
Monica was silent a moment as she pondered the question. “Is he good in bed?” She finally asked.
“Monica!” Abby yelped.
“What? It’s been three years Abby! He’s obviously attractive, he has a good job, he’s faithful, and blah blah blah. There must be something wrong if the two of you haven’t even discussed marriage in all that time!”
“Our sex life is just fine, thank you.”
“Okay, okay, I’ll back off,” she said holding her hands up in surrender. “But seriously girl, you need to get out of here. The place isn’t going to burn down without you, you know.” Monica stood up and smoothed out her blouse.
Abby watched her walk out and after flipping through the paperwork left on her desk logged off her computer and shut it down.
Maybe Monica was right. Was there something wrong with her relationship? She hadn’t really given it much thought. Joey was a fixture in her life, she knew his family, and he knew hers. They celebrated holidays together, had regular date nights and often spent two to three evenings at one or the other’s house.
Joey worked for a busy accounting firm in Kingsland, just across the border in her hometown, and aside from her public relations job with the shelter, she was active in a number of rescue organizations and events. They lived busy lives, but did that mean they should still be living separate lives after three years of dating?
As she locked the door to her office and waved to co-workers on her way out, Abby thought long and hard about her relationship with Joey.
She could still remember the first time she had seen him.
Freshman year of high school, she was standing in formation with the rest of her ROTC group, when he walked past her with the color guard. He was a year ahead of her, but he was so cute, with his platinum blonde hair cut into a high and tight, and his eyes the color of the sea. His cheeks were a little chunkier then, and he was certainly the shy quiet type, but boy oh boy, had she crushed hard on him.
He was always nice to her, but back then, her hair was often frizzy and out of control, she had acne like nobody’s business, and though she had legs for miles, the rest of her hadn’t quite filled out yet, giving her more of a tall gangly appearance with a bit of a boyish figure.
So when she ran into him again a few years back, she never would have thought they would have gone out on one date, let alone entered into a long term relationship.
She could still picture it, walking into 29 South with her friend and co-worker, Riley, gushing about the plantation style restaurant, the down home type food, and the retro style black and white checkered walls and floors. It had become a staple of their girls' night out.
He was sitting alone at one of the tables outside on the deck, a paper splayed out in front of him and a mug of coffee in one hand. Still handsome as ever, his face had slimmed down and his hair, now shaggy, fell just above his eyes. And oh those eyes, they were dark and stormy as ever. When he looked up and caught her staring, it had taken him a minute, but once he realized who she was, both shock and pleasure were evident on his face.
Normally not so bold, Abby just couldn’t help herself, she told Riley to get them a table and strode right up to him, pulling out the chair opposite his and plopping into to it as if he had been waiting for her all along. And as they say, the rest was history. One date led to another and another.
Surely they had enough in common, or so she had thought. But maybe that was the problem. Climbing behind the wheel of her little pickup, Abby ticked off their common interests one by one as she turned the ignition and pulled out of the parking lot.
They both loved to read, probably had a small library between them. Both had bachelor's degrees and stable jobs with decent incomes. And while Abby was soft of heart when it came to animals, Joey was slightly nonplussed. He didn’t mind her own personal menagerie of animals that she owned and fostered, but aside from that one adoption event that he had attended with her, he pretty much held back from that aspect of her life. He did have a lovely saltwater fish tank in his townhouse, but rather than call them pets, he usually referred to them as a nice display piece.
Jeez! There had to be something they had in common, she thought.
Edging towards frustration, Abby turned onto the interstate and guided her little blue truck into the far right lane.
They had similar tastes in movies, but musically, he tended towards R&B, whereas she was more into alternative and classic rock. But they both shared a love of Italian food! That was something, right? And they were certainly good together in bed. Weren’t they? She knew what he liked, and he pleased her well enough.
Yeah, they had a good foundation to build on.
Nodding to herself as if trying to convince her brain she knew what she was talking about, Abby almost missed her exit and cut off the driver behind her, earning herself an angry honk and the middle finger from the older gentleman who was driving a Buick.
Concentrating once again on her dilemma, Abby figured there was nothing wrong with her relationship. They were happy together and liked things just the way they were. So why was she getting so worked up over the opinion of a twice burned divorcee?
Good things take time to marinate right? Great, now she was comparing her relationship to a piece of meat. Well, is it prime rib or ground chuck Abby?
She laughed aloud to herself at the turn her ridiculous thoughts were taking. Joey was a good man, she was happy, and that was that.
So why did it suddenly feel like something was missing?
Chapter 2
Joey


She shook the feeling of despair that crept over her as she turned into the parking lot of 29 South and spotted Joey leaning up against his sleek white Camaro. As the sea breeze whipped around him, he pulled the collar of his jacket closer to his neck and ran his fingers through his tousled hair. There were no butterflies in her stomach as she looked at the image he presented, but she refused to question it any further.
“Hey Babe,” Joey said straightening away from the car, and giving her a once over. “Looks like you came straight from work, how was your day?”
Abby shrugged and slipped her arm through the crook of his elbow. “Just another day, a little busier than usual I guess. I called and asked my neighbor Sam to take care of the animals for me, I was running kind of late.”
Joey leaned forward and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. “It’s okay, you look great. You always do.”
“Thank you,” Abby said politely.
They were seated in their usual spot outside on the deck and ordered their usual meal, enjoying it in companionable silence.
Abby’s mind couldn’t help but wonder as she sat across from Joey and watched him eat. They did this at least once a month, along with several other routines. They had a regular movie night, and dinner at one of two places once a week.
Abby slowly came to realize that everything about their relationship was planned and organized. Joey spent Friday night at her place, and she spent Sunday and every other Wednesday at his.
Where was the passion? she began to wonder, and when was the last time they did something out of the ordinary together.
“Something on your mind?” Joey asked with a puzzled look.
“Huh?” Abby replied. “Um, no. No, I was just thinking about the latest case at the shelter.” She lied.
Joey nodded, “Another animal in need of fostering?” He asked nonplussed.
Abby directed her thoughts to the latest hoarding case they had taken in. “Several in fact.” She said defensively. “I’m sorry, I need to stop thinking about work. It’s our anniversary, let’s talk about us.”
Joey’s eyes widened for a split second, but just long enough that she noticed his slight discomfort. Not for the first time today, Abby began to wonder just where they were headed.
“I’ve got something for you,” Joey said breaking the trance. Abby watched as he reached into his coat pocket and for an instant, her heart began thudding in her chest. Joey pulled out a thin white envelope, and Abby breathed a quiet sigh of relief.
“I thought we could use a change of pace,” he continued as he handed her the envelope.
Smiling as she opened it, Abby pulled out two tickets. “They’re for the home opener against the Ranger’s next week.” He said enthusiastically.
Usually a very composed individual, there wasn’t much that lit his face like the way talking about the Savannah Slashers did. For a Georgia boy born and bred, you wouldn’t think he would be into hockey the way he was, but ever since the NHL had expanded into Savannah in two thousand four, just after Tampa Bay brought home the Stanley Cup, he’d been hooked.
When they first started dating, he dragged her to several home games, and even managed to convince her to take a weekend getaway to see a game in Tampa.
She was a reluctant fan at first, but after three years of sitting on Joey’s couch watching as the Slashers developed into a first rate team with a killer one-two punch that was their Captain Dean Kirk and his right wing Donovan Pierce, Abby soon fell in love with the team if not the sport itself.
She owned several jerseys and t-shirts to support the cause and was particularly fond of a white and red Slashers ball cap Joey had given her for her birthday during their first year of dating.
“Wow, Joey, these are really good seats,” she exclaimed. “Right behind the penalty box, what did these set you back?”
Joey waved her off, “I had a good month. And a couple of clients were in over their heads on back taxes, had the IRS breathing down their neck.” he joked dryly.
Abby smiled at him and attempted to laugh, but she really didn’t find much humor in his jesting. “I have something for you too, but it was too big to bring inside. I figured you could open it when we got back to your place.”
Joey frowned, “Oh Abs, I’m sorry, I’ve got a big account I have to work on tonight so I’m ready for it in the morning. I’ll have to take a rain check, is that okay?”
Shaking off the disappointment, Abby forced another smile, “Of course.”
“So what did you get me?” he asked as he sliced his fork into the large piece of cake they always shared.
“Do you remember that picture I took of you and the cup during the Finals?” Joey nodded. “I had it blown up and framed for you.”
“Wow, Abs, that’s awesome.” he said with genuine excitement.
Patting her mouth with her napkin, Abby couldn’t seem to fight off the earlier feeling of despair that had crept over her. When Joey had reached into his pocket and pulled out the tickets rather than an engagement ring, she had been relieved.
She tried to tell herself that was only natural, they hadn’t talked about marriage. Ever. And that was okay, right? She had to keep reminding herself that they had fun together and that they would continue to enjoy each other's company. So what if he wasn’t going to make love to her on their anniversary. No big deal. Really.
“Hey Joey?” she said pushing the negative thoughts away. “What if we made a night of it next week? You know, a nice dinner before the game, and maybe get a room in Savannah, stay there for the night?”
Joey stroked one finger along his chin. “Yeah, that sounds nice,” he said with a smile
Abby sat back, relaxed again, and enjoyed the rest of the evening.

Later that night, sitting in her makeshift home office slash guest suite at her desk with the laptop open, Abby pondered over the last conversation she and Joey had before parting ways.
She was supposed to be looking over the files Monica had scanned and emailed to her, trying to figure out ways to get the influx of animals into foster homes at the very least if not permanent ones. But she couldn’t help arguing with herself about her relationship or recent lack thereof.
Joey gushed like a schoolgirl over the framed photo she gave him. After setting it gently in his passenger seat and going so far as to buckle it in, he grabbed her and swung her around in a circle just before planting a rough kiss on her mouth.
Another time she might have called it passionate, but after the bug Monica placed in her ear, she kept picking at every little detail. His mouth didn’t slant gently across hers, he was demanding, but rather than coaxing her into submission he just took his fill and left her wanting.
Had it always been that way?
And after that lackluster kiss, he pulled away, thanked her again for a wonderful evening and helped her into her car, bidding her a goodnight, and promising to call her in the morning. He hadn’t even said he loved her.
And of course, that got her thinking too. Had they ever exchanged I love yous? She couldn’t pinpoint a specific time when they actually had. It was perplexing. All this time she thought she was in a loving and committed relationship, so she had never questioned anything. It was like somebody finally removed the blinders and she could look around for the first time.
Pushing back from her desk she swung her chair around to face the flat screen on the wall behind her. She reached for the clicker and scanned the channel guide finally settling on the last preseason Slashers game against the L.A. Kings. Being as they were playing on the West Coast the game had pretty much just started.
Trying to stop her mind from wandering once again, she watched as Donovan Pierce setup defender Peter Petrovic for a slap shot that went just wide of the net. Glancing off the boards, the puck somehow landed on Dean Kirk’s stick and found its’ way into the back of the mesh.
Abby let out a shout and punched the air, nearly giving the dog at her feet a heart attack. Leaning down she scratched behind one of the dog's’ floppy brown ears, “Sorry Rufus, did I scare you boy?” she asked. Rufus lifted his head and let out a low woof. Laughing, Abby held his face in both hands and nuzzled his nose.
Turning back around she tapped a key on her laptop to bring the screen back up and checked her emails again. Her inbox showed one new message from Joey, opening it she chewed on her lip as she quickly scanned the contents.
He sent her pictures of a hotel called Andaz in downtown Savannah. It boasted a four-star rating, with luxury rooms and a terrace pool that included cabanas. He also gave her several suggestions of where they might eat before the game. Her heart thumped a little as she looked at the pictures a second time.
Maybe she had just been looking for something to be wrong and was overthinking things. Clearly, Joey was interested in a romantic night out or he wouldn’t have gone to such trouble already. Right?
Pleased with his choice of the hotel she emailed him back saying it was perfect, and that she was confident in his choice of restaurants, for him to just surprise her. Letting him take the ball and roll with it.
Glancing over the emails from Monica one more time, Abby decided there was simply no way she was going to be able to concentrate and shut the computer down for the night.
After checking the score one more time to see that the Slashers were up by one towards the end of the second period she turned off the TV and whistled for the dog to follow. Rufus jumped up from under the desk and bounded after her.
Her nightly routine complete, Abby climbed beneath the sheets of her bed and shut off the light that sat on the bedside table.
Rufus leapt into bed beside her and after several turns curled into a tight ball against her back. Looking up at the ceiling, Abby sighed. She reached over to give Rufus a pat and was rewarded with a soft groan as the dog stretched out and rolled over, bearing his belly for scratching. Obliging him, Abby fell slowly into sleep, dreaming about a man with no face, and the passion only he could inspire.

Several days later, flipping through her mail as she walked into the lobby of the building where she worked, Abby stopped at the receptionist desk and tapped on it to get the attention of her longtime friend and co-worker, Riley Andrews.
“Are there any messages for me?” she asked.
Riley shook her head, sending her short brown hair into motion around her pixie-like face. “Nope, were you expecting any?”
“Not really,” Abby replied feeling a little dejected. Joey told her he’d call her with the reservation information for the hotel he was booking for tonight. Since their anniversary, they’d been quite busy, missing both their usual movie night and Abby’s Wednesday evening sleep over due to one or the others’ schedule conflicts.
She was unusually excited about the prospect of spending the evening in Savannah with Joey. No interruptions, no talk about work, just the two of them. It was going to be great, she just knew it.
“Abs, Abs!” Riley said waving her hand in front of her face, “earth to Abby!” Abby looked at her blinking away the daydreams. “Whoa, where’d you go there Abby?”
“Sorry, I was just thinking about tonight,” she replied.
Riley rolled her eyes. “What could possibly pull you that far under? Joey? He’s kind of dull don’t you think?”
Abby looked at her indignantly, “Joey is NOT dull! He’s taking me to a Slashers game tonight I’ll have you know, and he got us really good seats too!”
Riley rested her chin on her palms and leaned her elbows against the desk. Blinking her whiskey-colored eyes suggestively she asked, “How good of seats? Close to the bench? Close enough to reach out and touch that hunk of a man Donovan Pierce?”
Laughing, Abby knocked Riley’s elbows out from underneath her. “I’m going with Joey remember? And no, the seats are up against the glass behind the penalty box.”
“So if he gets a penalty, you’d get a good rear view of him?” Riley joked straightening and smoothing out her long sleeves.
“You’re incorrigible,” Abby laughed slapping her playfully with the mail. “Just let me know if Joey calls, okay?”
“You got it!” Riley called after her retreating form.

Hours later, as Abby sat at her computer reaching out to other rescue groups in the tri-state area for assistance with the latest hoard of animals, Riley paged her from the front desk.
“Abby? I’ve got Joey on line one.”
“Okay, thanks Riley, tell him to give me just a minute,” she replied pressing send on her final email.
Abby pulled the tickets out of her desk drawer and fingered them as she picked up the phone and hit line one connecting the call.
“Hey Joey, I was just thinking about you,” she said sweetly.
“Hey Abby,” he said with a loud sigh. “I have some bad news.”
Abby’s heart sank, right along with her good mood. “Oh?”
“Do you remember my brother Mike and his wife?”
“Vaguely.”
“He’s kind of going through a rough patch right now. Jenny lost the baby, Mom called me this morning and told me he’s taking it pretty hard. Trying to drink himself to death. I really hate to do this, but I need to go see him. Tonight.”
Trying her best to hold onto her composure, Abby wiped the moisture from her eyes. “He’s your brother, I understand. What do you want me to do with the tickets? Did you want to try and sell them?” she asked.
“No. No, of course not. Take Riley. I’ll even get that room and send you guys to dinner.”
“Oh Joey, no. I can’t let you do that.”
“Abby,” he said a little forcefully. “This was my anniversary gift to you, just let me do this. Please.”
“Alright, but just the hotel, we can get room service or something.”
“Deal,” he said more cheerfully. “I’ll email you the confirmation, you girls try to have fun tonight. You deserve it.” With that, he clicked off and the line went dead.
Abby slumped into her chair for a moment trying to make sense of it all. Chalk another one up to the worst relationship ever, she thought to herself. She never noticed until now just how many missed engagements there were between the two of them. All the times they’d had to cancel things for one reason or another.
Work often got in the way, and her mother’s loneliness was another big factor. How many times had she turned down date night to go and talk her mother off the proverbial ledge? And why hadn’t she realized this before?
Tapping the intercom, she waited for Riley to answer. “Front desk,” she acknowledged professionally.
“Hey it’s Abby, when you get a minute can you come to my office?”
“Sure thing boss,” Riley mocked sarcastically.
A few minutes later Riley’s pert little nose poked around the corner and she sauntered in, perching one hip against the desk.
Abby pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed. “How would you like to go to the game with me tonight?” She asked lacking enthusiasm.
“Seriously?” Riley replied, her eyes almost bulging out of their sockets.
“Yeah, Joey can’t make it. Told me to bring you.”
Riley slapped her hands against her chest. “Well, be still my beating heart. I think I love that man.”
Laughing, Abby prattled on, “Make sure you bring an overnight bag too, he’s putting us up for the evening.”
Riley had to stop herself from jumping up and down like a giddy school girl and clapping her hands in front her. “I have to get back to work, but I’ll see YOU later,” she said giving a mock salute as she hurried out of the office and closed the door.

Walking to the front desk of the hotel a few hours before puck drop, the two women looked around in wonderment. It was a beautiful and classy hotel, and while Riley was just stoked to be there, Abby felt a little upset that Joey wouldn’t be sharing the big bed with her, or taking a late night dip in the terrace pool.
“Reservation for Abigail Clement,” she said as they approached the desk.
“Ah, yes ma’am, here you go,” a stately gentleman replied handing her two magnetic keys. “I’ll have Ronald here bring up your bags.” He said pointing to the small stout man standing just off to his right. Abby and Riley gave their thanks and followed Ronald to the elevator and up to their room.
It was a magnificent suite with a lovely view of the downtown area. It had a large sitting room with an ornate brass telescope by the window and a huge bed that looked extremely inviting. The color palette was neutral and sleek; It was in effect, exactly the kind of place where Joey would have felt right at home. Almost as if he had designed it himself.
Thinking about Joey again brought forth fresh feelings of bitterness, and Abby tried her best to shake them off. This wasn’t about Joey, this was his gift to her, and hell, she was going to make the most of things and enjoy it. She certainly didn’t need a man to have fun.
Before Joey came on the scene she and Riley had enjoyed various outings all on their own.
Thankfully, Riley’s excitement was more than enough to snap her out of her foul mood and help her forget all about Joey, at least for the time being.
“Should we order room service first or head straight for the cabanas?” she asked with enough enthusiasm for the both of them.
Abby chuckled as she watched her friend practically dance from one end of the room to other. Heading for the mini bar, Abby took a peek at the contents and decided on a small bottle of wine to calm her nerves.
“I think I’ll hold off on the room service, for now, maybe grab a burger during the first intermission.”
Riley turned from the window and nodded in agreement. “Yeah that sounds good,” she said opening her suitcase and unpacking. “How long does it take to get there again?”
“It’s less than ten miles, but I figured we’d just take a cab, if that’s okay with you?” Abby said downing her mini bottle of wine with a grimace.
Laughing as she watched the spectacle, Riley pulled a little black dress out of her bag and held it up, “What do you think of this?” she asked.
“I think you’ll freeze your ass off,” she answered nearly choking. “We’re going to be right above the ice Ry, haven’t you ever been to a hockey game?”
Riley shook her head, “nope, this is my first. You think there’s a chance we might meet some of the players?”
“Doubt it, we’ll be across from where they enter and leave the ice, so not much chance we’d be able to talk to them, and unless you get there super early and are like the last to leave, the chances of running into any of them are pretty slim.”
Pouting now, Riley changed into a pair of tight jeans and slipped on some boots. “I think I’ll buy myself a t-shirt once we get there, show Donovan my support,” she said with a wink.
“What’s with your obsession with Donovan Pierce?”
“Um, what’s not to be obsessed about? Hot body, baby face, blue eyes, the man’s a babe!”
Abby shook her head and looked through her bags to find the jersey she’d brought for the game. “I don’t know; I think Dean’s better looking than Donovan.”
“Pfft,” she said waving a hand dismissively. “What can I say Abs, I guess I prefer foreigners.”
“Ha! He’s Canadian Riley! Hardly a foreigner!”
Riley just shrugged and walked over to the mirror to primp her hair.
Chapter 3
The Savannah Slashers



After a short stroll through the streets downtown, the two hailed a cab, and at the end of the brief ride, the car pulled up in front of the aptly named Duracell Arena, just east of the downtown area on Battery Circle. As far as stadiums went, it held its own compared to most others, as it boasted seating for over twenty-thousand, had multiple concessions, and an exclusive club with a fully stocked open bar and buffet.
The girls wasted no time grabbing nachos and beer before heading to their seats as the crowd began pouring in for the sold-out season opener. A few minutes after they settled in, the lights were turned down and a 3D laser light show appeared on the ice, amping up the fans in anticipation.
With the pregame show out of the way, the current roster was announced and the players skated out one by one to thousands of cheering fans waving as they glided over the ice. Riley squeezed Abby's arm as Donovan flew past them onto the middle of the ice, and the adoring crowd grew louder.
Abby was sure the decibel couldn’t climb any higher, but she was glad she hadn’t bet on it, because as the Captain of the team strode out into the rink, she would have sworn her eardrums were going to explode. With his dark rumpled hair and his signature cocky grin, he had everyone in an uproar as he waved to dozens of swooning fans.
After their latest banner was strung up in the rafters, and a little girl with a powerful voice belted out the national anthem, they suffered through the ceremonial puck drop and watched as their Captain lined up in the center of the rink against the Rangers. Finally, the linesman bent over and dropped the puck, and all hell broke loose.
During the first period, forward Andre Lepowski put the Slasher’s on the board with a power-play goal, but the Rangers quickly tied it up just before going into the first intermission.
Right out of the gate, though, Donovan Pierce assisted his Captain on a wrist shot giving them the lead again to start the second period. It was a hard fought battle but the Rangers ultimately pulled ahead by two, scoring three goals in rapid succession before the end of the period. It was not, in Abby’s opinion, a good way to start the season.
While the second intermission was in full swing, Abby made her way to the concession stand to grab a bite to eat. Riley hot on her heels, made it a point to study her surroundings with a shrewd eye in hopes she might somehow magically encounter the star winger she obsessed over. Abby laughed watching her. Standing in line, the two friends chatted up other fans, spewing the stats and statistics that might somehow still win them the game.

As the crowd carried on above them, inside the locker room, Dean sat quietly eating a protein bar while the equipment manager adjusted his pads. After everyone stripped down to the waist, changed whatever clothing and gear needed changing, and Coach Turski had rung them a new one and gone over the adjustments they needed to make, the players all took turns boosting morale and encouraging each other to play their best.
So Dean tried to enjoy what little time he had remaining before he suited up again and headed back onto the ice. He knew there would be hell to pay if they fell to the New York Rangers, especially after beating them in the conference finals only a few months ago. They were out for blood, and it was Dean's job to see to it that none was shed.
“Suit up boys!” Coach Turski yelled walking through the locker room and smacking his hand against his clipboard. “Time to rain on their parade!”
With shouts abound, his teammates adorned their armor and headed for the door. Showtime was upon them once again.

Abby and Riley got back to their seats in the nick of time, carrying their spoils, they sat down just as both teams slid out onto the ice for the final period’s puck drop. They made quick work of their greasy burgers and guzzled down diet sodas as the Slashers brought the heat, pelting the Ranger’s goalie with a barrage of shots. Everyone held their collective breaths hoping for a lucky bounce as the momentum continued to roll in their favor.
By the middle of the period, though, it was looking glum. Although the Slashers were outshooting the Rangers almost three to one, Lundqvist was like a brick wall, the puck failing to get past him even once.

With ten minutes and fifty-three seconds to go in the third period, Dean shifted the puck on his stick and looked down the ice. He had two opponents coming at him with another going off for a change.
As his right winger and Alternate Captain, Donovan Pierce, crossed the blue line ahead of him, he swiftly stick-handled past an opposing forward and shot the puck in front of the net. Donovan, seemingly appeared out of nowhere, redirecting and pushing it home. The buzzer sounded, the fans went wild and Donovan shot his trademark arrow celebration into the crowd.
Dean glided across the ice slapping high fives and glancing up at the replay on the scoreboard. It was a nice goal, but being down by two in the home opener as the seconds ticked away, it wasn’t nearly enough.
After losing the Stanley Cup Finals to the Chicago Blackhawks a few months prior, Dean felt like he had something to prove. There weren’t many teams out there that were capable of making it back to the Cup finals the season after losing it, let alone a team able to win.
Dean, however, was confident that he could not only take his Slashers to the finals again but that this time, they could bring the cup home with them.
Even though the off-season had been short, everyone was healthy, and the necessary changes had been made to bolster the roster. They had more depth on the blue line, had picked up a fresher set of legs on the penalty kill and found a heavy hitter to take some of the load off of their current instigator.
After this season, they were likely to face an overhaul with the latest cap hits and his own big contract taking effect, not to mention the re-up his powerhouse linemate Donovan Pierce should soon receive, so this was it as far as he was concerned. They hadn’t really lost anyone over the break, but this might be the last chance for the current roster to finally bring the cup back to the south, as it hadn’t last seen the sun since the Bolts had it in two thousand and four.
Sitting on the bench trying to catch his breath, Dean watched the action on the ice. An icing was called on one of the Rangers younger forwards, and as the puck slid around the net, Donovan tapped the back of his shoulder, pulling him out of his thoughts.
“That’s our cue, Cap. Let’s tie this game up!”
Flashing him a quick grin Dean slapped his mouthpiece into place and hopped over the bench onto the ice.
Skidding to a stop near his mark inside the circle to the left of the net, he shredded ice as his skates grabbed for purchase. He hunkered down prepared for an offensive zone face-off with valuable points on the line as the ref leaned in to drop the puck.
Watching intently as his opponent's stick smacked the ice a fraction of a second before his own, Dean felt the familiar thwack of wood on puck and sent it flying towards the boards and his waiting defenseman. Before he could move out of the way, though, his young adversary’s stick caught up with his own and he was whistled for high sticking.
Dean spit out his mouthpiece and cursed as he watched the young forward play it off by throwing his head back and touching his fingertips to his mouth checking for blood.
They had less than eight minutes to either tie this game up and take it into overtime or pull off the win. Now was certainly not the time to be taking stupid penalties, and as the team’s leading penalty killer, he cursed himself again as he slipped off the ice into the penalty box.
“Feeling the hangover, are we Dean?” asked Ken, the penalty box timekeeper, or as the players referred to them, the box babysitters.
Dean shook his head and slid onto the bench. “No hangovers here Ken, just taking a little more time to mesh with these new line changes. But yeah, pretty stupid penalty huh?”
Ken tapped his clipboard seemingly uninterested, “minute and ten seconds.” He replied.
Dean grabbed a rag from the bench and wiped his brow as he looked out into the crowd. And then he saw her.
Just off to the right of the penalty box, she sat right up against the glass. She was wearing a Slashers ball cap, and her glorious red hair fanned out in soft curls around her face. In that instant, his breath caught and he had the strongest urge to bury his face in that flaming red mane of curls.
Her eyes, a piercing sky colored blue looked up to the scoreboard as a smile lit her porcelain-like features and she let out a loud whoop. The smile reached all the way to her eyes, forming little crinkles around the edges.
Dean was so caught up in her beauty he nearly missed the shorthanded goal by Peter Petrovic as he slipped it past the goalie off a breakaway. Shaking his head to get his wits about him, he smacked Ken on the back and threw up his hands in a cheer.
“Thirty seconds left, Cap.” Ken choked out.

Smiling, Riley shoved her shoulder into Abby. “I think he’s looking at you.” She yelled into her ear over the noise from the boisterous crowd.
“What? Who’s looking at me?” she asked confused.
Riley pointed to the penalty box below them. “Um, only THE Captain of the team,” she said as her finger shook with excitement.
Dumbstruck, Abby jerked her gaze towards the box to catch a wicked grin from Dean as he exited out back onto the ice. No way had he been looking at her! That’s crazy talk! And even if he had, so what, he probably just smiled at her like she was any other fan. Right?
Abby shook her head, she couldn’t jump on this train of thought, she had a boyfriend, and she needed to remember that. So what if Dean was completely dreamy and had a body carved from stone. She was with Joey, and he was good looking too. Maybe not Dean good looking, but he was certainly attractive enough.
As the train left the station, though, Abby found herself fully on board and glued to the number eighteen on Dean’s back as she watched him skate into the fray.
“If you had just seen the look on his face a few seconds sooner, my gosh Abs, he was totally checking you out! Dean Kirk, was checking you out!” Riley said emphasizing his name.
Abby just laughed as she watched while Dean pulled some crazy stunt that pushed the puck deep into the offensive zone. Rounding the boards, he poured on the fancy footwork as he maneuvered the puck around the back of the net and over to one of his young defensemen.
The kid wasn’t quite able to calm the puck down again though and sent it back out to center where it was picked up by a defending forward and thrown down the ice towards the goalie. Francois Baudin, their six foot six goaltender, easily scooped up the puck and halted the clock as it ticked down past five minutes.
On the edge of her seat, Abby watched the face-off eagerly as Dean was thrown out of the circle and Donovan took over. Considering that the pair were no less than lethal with the puck, she noticed that the coach often had them on the ice together.
Straight off the puck drop, however, Donovan was shoved to the ground, and Dean ever the avenger, stepped up to the veteran winger and threw down his gloves as if to fight for Donovan’s honor. The crowd booed as the ref, blind to the Ranger’s earlier antics, sent Dean to the box for his second penalty of the period.

While precious seconds ticked away, Dean was having a hard time focusing on just the game. Every millisecond he got he stole a glance into the stands to see if she was watching. And when the Rangers right winger got dirty with Donovan he saw the perfect opportunity to make his way back to the box.
He figured two minutes should be more than enough time to get her attention, and surely his teammates could pull off another penalty kill without him, and be able to somehow steal a win too. Five minutes was plenty of time.
Gliding into the box, Dean slid past Ken all the way over to the right so that he sat directly beneath her. Looking up, he tapped on the glass to catch her attention. When her startled gaze met his, he could swear his heart leapt. Her eyes were a shade of blue he had never encountered before, and as the game pressed on in front of him, he was lost and drowning within them.
“Hey Red, what’s your name?” He drawled in his best -and fake- southern accent. As her lips parted in surprise, a petite brunette sitting next to her elbowed her.
“Her name is Abigail,” She yelled for her.
“Well, Abigail.” He said, enunciating, “What can I do to convince you and your friend to meet me and some of the guys for a little celebratory drink down at Molly MacPherson's after the game?”
Before Abby could catch her breath, Riley cut in again, “Will Donovan be there?” she asked eagerly.
“Of course.” He said with that charmingly crooked grin of his.
Smiling and shaking her head, Abby finally managed to get a hold of herself. “And what makes you so sure you’re going to win this game? You’re awfully cocky aren’t you?” she mocked.
Dean tapped his stick on the ground and laughed. “Honey, I’ll make it my personal mission to win this game tonight if it means you’ll come out and celebrate with me.”
Abby blushed as Riley elbowed her again. “Come on Abs, please!” she begged.
“Yeah, come on Abs, please?” Dean echoed winking at her and throwing her off balance yet again.
“Alright,” she said with a sigh. “IF you win this game, we’ll be there.”
Dean gave her one more of his million watt smiles and slid from the bench as he headed back towards the ice. “I’m going to hold you to it,” he said licking his teeth before putting his mouthpiece back into place.
The two friends giddy with laughter and excitement watched intently during the final three minutes as Dean did as he promised. Assisting Petrovic on one goal, and putting one past ole Lundqvist himself to win the game in the last thirty seconds.
As the clock ticked off the final second and the buzzer sounded, Dean pulled into the penalty box after a short celebration with his teammates. Red-faced and embarrassed, Abby put her face in her palms and tried not to blush.
“Alright, Red, you know how to get to Molly’s?” He asked. Abby nodded. “I’ll meet you there in an hour then,” he said before waving to a couple of fans behind her and skating out of the box to the waiting camera crew for a quick post-game interview.
Chapter 4
Molly MacPherson's



Abby and Riley made haste back to their hotel room and quickly changed before heading over to Molly MacPherson’s Pub. Being as the hotel was within walking distance just a few blocks away, they hoofed it over with plenty of time to spare.
The illumination from the street lamps above cast a pale yellow light on the blue brick facade of the building, and in Abby’s opinion, since she’d seen it in the light of day, surely didn’t do the place justice. Hanging above the French style doors was a large coat of arms announcing the rich Scottish heritage of the place, and planters sat atop both windows lending an air of romance to it. Abby knew that in the light of day the pub would’ve made a lovely postcard.
Upon walking through the doors, however, she left the quiet romance of the night and entered into an all-out Scottish hootenanny. The walls were covered in plaques and coats of arms, banners hung from the ceiling, and a lively band blared traditional Scottish folk music from a stage in one corner, while people all around it danced the Highland fling.
An overstocked bar nearly spanned the length of the wall nearest the door, and her heels clicked on the scarred wood floors as she headed towards it past the gleaming Cherrywood tables.
The two girls pulled out a couple of high-backed bar stools and sat down, taking in as much of their surroundings as they could. On an earlier walk just after checking into the hotel, they’d passed by Molly’s in search of shopping but hadn’t been tempted enough to go in. Now they almost wished they had, it was really quite the place.
Riley caught the attention of the bartender and ordered a couple of sodas while Abby twirled a strand of hair around her finger and nervously watched the door.
“Abby chill, they probably won’t even show up!” she said, nearly shouting to be heard over the music.
Abby turned to face her and blew out a breath of air, “you’re right, I don’t know what I’m so nervous about.”
Just then, the doors crashed open and the music stopped as a laughing hoard of men surged in. With their arms raised, they hooted and hollered, singing the lyrics to the song “We are the Champions.” Gaining recognition, the bar patrons finally raised their glasses and chimed in as the band picked up the tune. Abby caught sight of Dean leading the pack and slunk down in her seat.
It was of course to no avail as he spotted her instantly, and after slapping a couple of high fives to some of the guys, split from his teammates and took the open seat next to her.
His dark hair was still wet from the shower he no doubt took after the game, and being in such close proximity, she could smell the soap that clung to his skin, it was something masculine with earthy undertones, and immediately sent her hormones into overdrive.
Facing her, his green eyes glittered and his cheeks dimpled as he gave her one of his heart-stopping smiles. “You came!” he said as he motioned to the bartender. “Can I get you a drink?”
Holding up her coke, Abby shook her head, “no thanks, I’m good!” she shouted back over the music.
Dean nodded, but before he could say anything else, a couple of giggling blondes tapped him on the shoulder and asked for a picture. Ever the ladies' man, he slipped off the bar stool and stood between them smiling for the camera and signing a couple of autographs. Abby took the opportunity to try and slip away.
She was detained however a few feet away by Peter Petrovic as he bowed and politely asked, in a rather thick and hard to understand Russian accent, her to dance. Unable to decline he led her to where the band was kicking up another Scottish dance known as the Hooper’s Jig and she tried her best to follow along.
Nearly tripping over Peter’s feet, she desperately looked around for Riley and finally saw her cozied up at a corner table near the fireplace with none other than Donovan Pierce.
Riley had one hand on Donovan’s arm and threw her head back in laughter as he leaned forward and whispered something into her ear. Caught up in the scene she didn’t notice when Dean tapped on Peter’s shoulder and cut in. As Peter twirled her out it was Dean’s large hands that reeled her back in.
Coming up hard against the expanse of Dean’s solid chest though finally snapped her attention away from Riley and Donovan. Stunned, Abby looked up and momentarily locked eyes with him. While their gazes held, Abby’s heart thundered like a herd of wild horses against his chiseled form. She placed her palms on his muscular pectorals to gain some distance and quickly regretted it as the heat of his body seared her hands.
“Sorry for the interruption Red,” Dean said unperturbed, as he took one hand in his and began moving them to the beat of the band. Lost in the sensations his body ignited, Abby was helpless to do more than move along with him. Finally, as the band took a break, Dean led her away from the small stage and toward the doors.
“Will you step outside with me for a minute Abby? It’s kind of crowded in here.”
As though her body had been taken over by a Stepford, Abby merely nodded and followed him through the open doors.
With the cool night air surrounding them, Dean gently guided her by the elbow to one of two white benches that flanked the doors. Immediately after sitting down, Dean stretched out his long legs and threw his arms over the back of the bench.
Trying to regain her composure, Abby slid to the far side of the bench to put a little distance between them. Laughing, Dean put the arm closest to her down by his side, “I don’t bite Red,” he said.
“I’m sorry, you just,” she began trailing off.
“I make you nervous,” he finished for her.
“A little,” she replied nodding slightly. “I mean I don’t really know anything about you.”
Dean turned towards her so that they were almost facing each other, “fair enough,” he said holding out a hand, “Hi, I'm Dean Kirk.”
Startled, Abby accepted it and laughing, shook his hand, “Abby Clement,” she replied.

Dean liked the sound of her laughter, almost a little too much, it was husky but smooth and definitely feminine. And it stirred emotions in him he wasn’t even sure he knew he had.
After the game had ended and he filled his contractual obligations with the press, Dean had quickly showered and changed, hurrying the guys along as fast as he could, hoping that she’d show. He didn’t realize just how much he was looking forward to seeing her again though until he’d walked into the pub and seen her.
Sitting there at the bar, her blazing red curls flowing down her back like lava, and the clingy material of her silver cocktail dress sparkling as it showed off her curves, his mouth had watered.
As a professional athlete, he had the luxury of meeting a lot of good looking women, but in all his twenty-eight years, he’d never seen one more beautiful than Abby.
Sitting next to her under the stars like this, the flowery scent of the evening air mingling with her own sensual smelling perfume, Dean almost couldn’t breathe, let alone think. But stumbling through his newfound awkwardness he was able to put together a coherent conversation.
“Tell me about yourself Red,” he finally managed.
“Okay,” she said folding her hands in her lap. “I grew up in Kingsland, got my bachelor's at the University of North Florida in Jacksonville, and now I’m the Public Relations manager of an animal rescue group in Yulee. I own a small piece of property there as well that I share with three dogs, two cats, one horse and an old donkey who’s missing his tail.”
Dean laughed, but inwardly he sighed a breath of relief as he noticed she hadn’t said she was married or engaged. He wasn’t out of the woods yet, a beautiful girl like her probably had men banging down her door daily, but he thought if she’d been in a serious relationship she probably would have mentioned it straight off.
“Only one dog and the donkey are mine, the rest are fosters,” she said as she pressed on. “I like to read in my spare time, and I’m very active with several ASPCA organizations as well. What about you Dean?” She inquired.
“You know, I’m surprised you’d even need to ask, those seats you had aren’t easy to come by Red, honestly, I sorta figured you for a puck bunny,” he teased, earning himself a light slap to his arm.
“I am no such thing!” She yelped, almost insulted. Though she hadn’t expected him to express such concerns, she didn’t think for a second he had ever actually thought her to be some kind of hockey groupie, or he probably wouldn’t have invited her out in the first place.
“Alight, I deserved that,” he joked, rubbing his shoulder. “I grew up in New Jersey, just across the border from Philly. Growing up, I watched a lot of Flyers and Devils games, played for Gloucester Catholic, and got drafted by the Slashers right out high school. I have no pets currently, my parents are divorced, my mom got remarried and lives in Connecticut. My dad still lives in Camden, and pretends to be a bachelor,” he leaned in a little and cupped his hand around his mouth. “Between you and me, he’s not very good at it, he’s a hopeless romantic in disguise.”
Abby laughed softly, and was rewarded with another of his sweet dimpled smiles as he continued. “I have an older sister as well, she lives in New York and works for an insurance firm. What about your family, Abby?”
“No siblings, my father died my senior year of high school in a car accident, and my mother lives in Saint Augustine, moved there just after my graduation.”
Dean resisted the urge to reach out and touch her, as a sad smile crossed her face when talking about her father. “Losing your dad like that, gotta be the pits. Sorry,” he said sympathetically.
Abby shook her head sending her hair into motion, and Dean unable to help himself any longer caught one fiery lock in his hands and kneaded it between his fingers. It was just as soft and luxurious as he had expected it to be.
Stiffening slightly, Abby gently pulled away. “I’m sorry Dean, I have a boyfriend. I should’ve told you that right away.”
Dean sat back and tried his best to hide his overwhelming disappointment. “Of course you do,” he sighed.
“Joey, my boyfriend, he actually bought me those tickets for our anniversary. We were supposed to go together, but he couldn’t make it.” She admitted suddenly feeling guilty. She snubbed herself mentally for letting things get so out of hand. She should have told him at the rink about Joey, she should never have come here, and they certainly shouldn’t have been touching each other the way they had.
There was something about Dean though that made her forget about everything else. A feeling of familiarity that clawed at her insides. Passion and heat sizzled just underneath, and her body begged her for some kind of release she didn't understand.
After a long silence, Dean stood up, and holding out his hand, asked, “Would you go for a walk with me Abby? There’s a nice park just around the corner.”
Abby looked at him skeptically, she had just told him she had a boyfriend, and now he wanted to take her for a walk?
“I’ll keep my hands to myself, I promise,” he said placing one hand over his heart and grinning sheepishly.
“Alright,” she finally agreed. “But what about my friend Riley? Is she safe with that guy?”
“Who Donny?” Dean asked almost cracking up. “Donny might fancy himself a ladies' man, but won’t anything happen that she doesn’t agree to, and he’s certainly not one to make promises, he’ll tell her straight up what he’s after.”
Reluctantly Abby caved, and after one final look over her shoulders through the pub windows, she stood and walked with Dean to the park.
As they rounded the corner and stepped onto the path that led into Franklin Square, Dean grabbed her hand and turned her to face him. “So tell me about Joey,” he said softly.
“There’s really not a whole lot to tell,” she insisted. “We met in high school, I had a crush, he didn’t. Met up again a few years ago, and have been dating ever since.”
“So what, was it like the ugly duckling syndrome or something?” He asked with a laugh.
Though slightly insulted, Abby couldn’t help laughing along. “Something like that, I had the goods, I just didn’t know how to advertise.”
Dean laced his fingers through hers and began walking again. Though her initial thought was to pull away, the heat of his palm against hers was delicious and she reveled in it instead.
“Joey’s a good guy,” she said almost defensively. “He’s an accountant, we’ve been dating for three years, and while he’s maybe a little quiet, we get along great.”
Dean nodded, even though he couldn’t help but feel a little sorry for Abby. She didn’t sound like a woman in love at all. On the other hand, his heart leapt at the implications.
“I’m no expert, but isn’t three years a long time to be ‘just dating’?”
Abby bristled and pulled away. “Why does everyone keep saying that? Is there some kind of time limit to how long you can date before you have to get married?”
Dean put up his palms in a gesture of surrender, “Whoa there Red, I was just asking. No need to bite my head off.”
Sighing Abby turned to face him, “I’m sorry, I guess I’m a little touchy about our relationship.”
“And why is that?” he asked innocently.
“Because I’ve been asking myself the same questions,” she sighed. “I’m happy with Joey, we have fun together, but lately, I guess it just feels less like a relationship and more like a friendship.”
“You want to talk about it?”
Abby shook her head, “No, I’m still trying to figure it all out myself.”
Dean nodded and placed a tentative hand on the small of her back, gently guiding her to another bench nearby.
Rather than stretching out again, Dean bent slightly over his knees and watched Abby attentively. Uncomfortable underneath his bold gaze, Abby sat sideways one leg crossed over the other and placed her hands in her lap as she looked him over in silence.
“What’s on your mind Red?” he asked cracking one of those devilishly crooked grins of his.
“I’m just trying to understand what a guy like you wants with a girl like me,” she said quietly.
Dean laughed. “A guy like me huh?”
“Well yeah, I mean, come on Dean, I have a boyfriend, and I’m pretty and all, but I’m sure you could have just about any girl you wanted. So what are we doing here?”
“The boyfriend aside for now,” Dean said as he sat up, and softly tucked a loose tendril of hair behind her ear. “You’re beautiful Red, don’t sell yourself short. And besides, the type of girls you’re referring to, just aren’t my style.”
Abby’s nerves went haywire as his finger brushed against her ear, igniting a trail of fire along her skin.
“Oh?” she asked so softly it came out in nearly a whisper.
Laughing, Dean sat back, stretching both arms behind the bench and rolling his head to ease the kinks in his neck... “Honey, you won’t find me in any tabloids. I don’t date models. Too skinny, not enough meat on their bones.”
Drawn to her like a magnet, Dean stroked one finger along her arm, despite the fact that she was, in his opinion, in a doomed relationship, he was having a hard time holding himself back. He itched to feel her bare skin against his but settled for a little light contact instead. “I like a woman with a good heart, one that’s attached to a decent brain.”
“Is that so?” Abby asked fighting the urge to lean into him.
“Google me Red. You’ll find plenty of articles about these dirty hands of mine.” He said turning his palms towards her, “but they’ll all be attached to statistics.”
Hard pressed to hold back the laughter bubbling up inside her, Abby let it rumble out. The smooth husky sound was again like none he had ever heard before. Like drinking a good whiskey while listening to jazz. Warm and melodic.
Dean somehow managed to stop himself from leaning forward and kissing her, but God did he want to. When the laughter subsided and her eyes slowly opened again, her lips were still slightly parted and she presented an image to behold. It was all he could do not to touch her again.
“Did you say earlier that you had a donkey with no tail?” he asked changing the subject before he did something stupid.
Abby nodded, “Yeah, his name is Eeyore, a horse ate it off when he was younger and for some reason, it never grew back.”
It took Dean a minute to picture it but when he did he let loose with a low chuckle. “I get it, like the donkey from Winnie the Pooh, he had his tail nailed on, right?”
“Right,” Abby agreed.
“And you have a horse too? Do you ride then? I used to a little when I was a kid.”
“You rode a horse?” She asked incredulously.
“I did,” he replied winking at her.
“Well,” she said, “Sparky, the horse I’m fostering, is much too skinny to ride, but I too rode when I was younger. My grandparents have a cattle farm down in Suwanee and I went there pretty much every summer.”
“Do you foster a lot of neglect cases then?” Dean asked with interest.
“I try to,” she went on. “I’m fostering a couple of barn cats until a permanent home pops up, they’re pretty feral, so if we ever find them a home, I’ll have to trap them. And the two dogs I’ve got temporarily are from a fighting ring we busted up.”
Dean was impressed and discovered he had a soft spot for this woman’s philanthropy. He tended to donate most of his free time to children’s hospitals but he found her dedication to animals refreshing and noble.
“And what about the dog you own, was he a rescue too?” He inquired.
“Rufus,” she said with a warm smile. “Yeah, he was a rescue. We found him wandering the streets as a puppy. I’ve had him for about five years now. He’s just the cutest little Harrier ever.”
“A Harrier? What, like he's really hairy?
Abby laughed softly, “No, it’s kind of like a beagle, but bigger.”
“So like a foxhound then? Why do they call it a Harrier?”
“No, no it’s smaller than a foxhound. Right in the middle of the two,” she said shaking her head. “Harrier's just the breed. I think they mainly hunted hares.”
Impressed by his knowledge about dogs, and his interest in her animals, Abby had the sudden desire to scoot closer, thankfully her urge was squashed when Riley rounded the corner with Donovan, laughing loudly.
“Hey! There’s my girl!” Riley exclaimed. “We’ve been looking for you two.”
“And you found us,” Dean answered with a hint of annoyance.
Donovan offered a hand to Abby as he winked at Dean, “Donovan Pierce, pleased to meet you Abby. Riley here’s been telling me all about you.”
“Lies I’m sure,” she said shaking his hand.
“Says you’re a publicist. Is that right? I could sure use a new one myself. Especially one that looks like you,” he continued, pouring on the charm.
“Unless you’ve got four legs and a tail, I don’t think she’ll be much help to you there Donny,” Dean said gruffly as he looked over and noticed Abby blushing.
Donovan took the hint and looped one arm around Riley’s shoulders. “Riley and I were just talking about heading back to their hotel and checking out the cabanas, You two interested in a swim?”
“Oh yeah, which hotel are you ladies staying at?” Dean asked.
“We’re staying at Andaz,” Riley supplied.
“Pretty swanky place,” Donovan chimed in, pulling Riley closer.
Abby yawned and looked Riley square in the eyes, “I’m actually pretty tired, but you two have fun.”
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Riley sang with understanding, pulling Donovan along with her.
The two waved goodbye and disappeared into the night, leaving Abby alone with Dean once more.
Dean laid a tentative hand on her shoulder to regain her attention, “are you really tired Abby, or are you just tired of me?” He asked dolefully, sliding his hand down her arm and back to his side.
Shocked, Abby had a hard time answering him but finally managed to find her voice. “No, no,” she stammered. “I was just trying to get rid of them, I’m actually really enjoying your company.”
There was a heated moment of silence between them before Abby spoke again, “You’re a very interesting man Dean Kirk, I’ve never met anyone like you.”
Just when Dean thought he had control of himself, she had to go and say something like that. He had been prepared for the let down as she feigned exhaustion and tried to slip away, but he hadn’t counted on this, on her actually wanting to be alone, with him.
Abby nervously twirled her thumbs as the silence stretched a beat longer than she was comfortable with. She had just admitted to him that she wanted to be alone with him, and now she had to question his own motives as he sat there quietly assessing her.
“Alright then,” he finally said standing and offering her his hand. “Shall we continue our walk?”
Abby nodded and slipped her hand into his, lacing their fingers together.
“You know, we do a lot of promoting for various causes, and I’m very interested in what you do Abby, maybe I could help,” he said after a few minutes of walking quietly down the path.
“Really? What did you have in mind?”
“I don’t know, some kind of drive or event, maybe some autographed pictures or sticks or something?”
Stopping, Abby turned to face him, “Wow Dean, that would be awesome! Maybe we could do a calendar or something, you know like Bryan Bickell did a couple of years ago for his pit bulls!”
Dean scoffed and made a stabbing motion against his chest, “Bickell, the Blackhawks, way to stab me in the heart Red!” He teased.
“Oh gosh, I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking,” she said sympathetically while rubbing a hand up his arm to comfort him.
Smiling, Dean placed his hands on her shoulders, “I was kidding Red, it’s okay really, but if you wanted to put your hands on me...”
Abby’s mouth widened in shock, “You ARE one cocky son of a bitch aren’t you Dean?”
Dean shrugged, “Well, my mother’s no bitch, but...If the skate fits. Seriously, though, I’ll talk to the guys, you get in touch with my agent and we’ll see what we can do.”
Abby nodded as they turned and continued along the path.
After a companionable stroll through Franklin Square, talking about everything and nothing in general, Abby learned things about Dean that truly changed her opinion of athletes everywhere. He told her about the work he did with the Children’s Network, and how he absolutely enjoyed the kids of the Make A Wish Foundation, how they inspired him and often taught him to be humble when his ego got out of hand.
And they talked about his condo on Tybee Island, how he loved waking up every morning to the sounds of the ocean outside his window, but that he often missed the changes of the New Jersey seasons and wide open spaces where he grew up.
She was also impressed to learn what actually went into being a professional hockey player, the amount of work they had to do on their own outside of the already grueling practices.
When she asked him about role models and who inspired him to play the game, she was, of course, unsurprised to hear him reference the likes of Wayne Gretzky, Bobby Orr, and Steve Yzerman, some of the greatest players to take to the ice.
She was, however, slightly shocked when he told her he secretly aspired to be more like Jonathan Toews as a Captain, considering he was not only his current adversary but younger to boot.
“I grew up watching those guys, ya know? But Toews, he’s something else. I don’t think there’s a Captain out there better than him.” He had said.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, you guys look like you have plenty of chemistry out there on the ice to me.”
Dean smiled but shook his head, “there’s a lot more to it than that Red. And those damn Blackhawks, they seem to always find a way to win. We can beat them just fine during the regular season, but come playoffs, it’s like they bring a whole new gear to the rink, beating them four out of seven times is nearly impossible.”
As they exited the gates of the park, Dean nudged her with his shoulder, “enough about me, I want to hear more about you, tell me about your work Abby.”
“Okay,” she began. “I wanted to be a journalist. Write for some big time paper, but when I got deeper into my classes, somehow I became interested in the public relations aspect and decided being a publicist might not have been such a bad way to go either.”
Slipping her hand comfortably into his she continued, “I met Riley just before graduation, she was finishing up her undergrad in Law, and I convinced her to intern with me at a local shelter. I was hooked. The intake process was really hard at first, you just want to take them all home, but when you watched a family walk out the doors with them, their tails wagging, it made it easier to deal with the other stuff. Yulee Animal Rescue was one of my contacts, and they were so impressed with my work ethic and ability to relate to people, they created a position just for me.”
“Just like that huh?” He teased snapping his fingers.
“Well, no. It was a little more in depth I suppose. There was a lot of red tape they had to get through, and I had to train in pretty much every aspect of the company before they gave me the official title, but it was worth it.”
Dean nodded, “I can see that, I’ve always loved animals.”
“And yet, you don’t have any?” She questioned.
He shrugged, “I don’t have time really, and I wouldn’t want to get a dog and let him sit at home all by himself, that’s just cold. Speaking of, who’s taking care of your animals while you’re off on this little adventure? Is Joey house sitting for you?”
“No,” she replied, raising an eyebrow. “My neighbor Sam takes care of them for me. In fact, without Sam around, I probably wouldn’t have been able to foster at all.”
“So this Sam guy is quite handy to have around then eh?” He replied with a hint of jealousy. As if a boyfriend wasn’t bad enough, now he felt the need to contend with a man not only more suited to her lifestyle but a neighbor as well.
Flattered by his jealousy, she decided to put him out of his misery rather than teasing him like she wanted to. “Considering that Sam is only 16, yeah, I’d say it’s rather handy that SHE’S around,” she grinned holding back the laughter that simmered just below the surface.
Laughing at himself, Dean stopped walking and stood in front of her. Cupping her chin in his palm he gently stroked his thumb across her cheek. “Forgive me, Abby. You’re just a fascinating woman, it’s hard not to be jealous. Joey’s a lucky man.”
Abby gulped, looking deeply into his eyes as they contracted and the beautiful colors swallowed up his pupils in the light. She didn’t know what to say to him, so she just stood there, looking at him as he held onto her. The sensations he evoked and the passion that simmered inside her were unchartered territory.
Stepping back, Dean dropped his hands and sighed, “I guess I should get you back to the hotel.”
Suddenly bereft, Abby agreed grudgingly, “yeah, okay.”
They walked the few blocks in silence, enjoying the evening sights and sounds together.
“This is me,” she said as they approached the front of the building.
Dean shoved one hand in his pocket and rubbed the back of his neck with the other, “well,” he said.
“Yeah,” Abby replied.
Dean couldn't control his primal urges any longer and grabbed Abby by the shoulders, gazing into her startled eyes, he said: “I’m sorry.”
“For what?” she asked puzzled.
“For this,” Dean replied a mere second before his lips captured hers.
To say she was shocked would have been an understatement, and while her first instinct was to pull away, Abby’s body responded immediately. She pressed herself against the hard length of his torso and leaned into the kiss, yielding as his tongue probed for admittance.

Dean drank in the taste of her, sweet and tangy. Her mouth was like a drug, dragging him into oblivion. Holding her closer he felt her heart banging against her rib cage as she melted like hot wax in his arms. Pliant and supple she molded herself to him, giving herself fully over to the sensations he evoked. Groaning, he finally set her aside, if they kept up like this, they’d be making love right here for all the world to see. And while Dean considered himself an adventurous man, she deserved far more than the rough groping he was providing.
With her swollen lips still slightly parted, she fluttered her lashes open and looked up into his devious eyes. “Wow,” she whispered.
Laughing, Dean ran his fingers through his hair, “thanks for coming out with me tonight Red. You’re quite a nightcap.” He taunted.
With that, Dean bowed ever so slightly and walked off into the night, leaving her dazed and wanting.
Chapter 5
Denial



Amazed that she could still walk, Abby somehow managed to get up to her room, change into her night shirt and crawl between the soft cotton sheets of the hotel bed.
In a dream-like state, she licked her lips and touched one finger to them, smiling to herself as she recalled the passionate kiss she and Dean had just shared. An almost magical evening, Dean had in fact, as he had applied to her, been the perfect nightcap. The absolute perfect way to end the night.
And as she drifted off to sleep, the passionate man that often frequented her dreams, finally had a face.

Waking late the next morning, Abby stretched and rolled over. Curled up next to her, still clad in a very skimpy little bikini, Riley lay fast asleep and snoring softly.
Abby slipped quietly from the bed and made her way to the bathroom for a hot shower to shake off the remaining grogginess. After dressing in a pair of comfortable slacks and a loose blouse, Abby brushed and blow dried her hair before starting a pot of coffee and making up her face.
With the aroma of the dark brew filling the cozy room, Riley rolled over and yawned, “Good morning,” she cooed.
“Good morning to you too,” Abby said pouring herself a cup of coffee. “Want some?”
Riley shook her head. “Nah, I think I’ll just hop in the shower and put myself together real quick.”
A little while later, after Riley had cleaned herself up, the two friends stood across from each other at the bed and packed their things.
“So how was your evening with Donovan?” Abby asked with a smirk.
“It was nice,” she replied smiling.
“Just nice? You mean the two of you didn’t ‘hook up’?” Abby said with little finger quotes.
Open mouthed, Riley scoffed, “Do you really think so little of me Abs?”
“No, but I'm sure you guys at least necked a little, right?”
“You probably won’t believe me, but no, we didn’t neck, not even a just a little.”
“You’re right, I don’t believe you,” Abby said as she folded her dress into her suitcase.
Sighing Riley nodded her head and scrunched her mouth, “He told me he’d been seeing this girl lately, some swimsuit model, and that he was really into her, wanted to make a commitment.”
“Wow,” Abby said shocked and slack-jawed.
Riley shrugged her shoulders, and quickly changed tactics wiggling her eyebrows. “So what about you and Dean, did you guys share any passionate kisses last night?”
Abby quickly turned around so as not to give herself away, “I have a boyfriend, remember?” she asked sidestepping the question. Things looked a lot different in the light of day. She herself remembered all too clearly that she did, in fact, have a boyfriend. A boyfriend that she had almost cheated on last night.
Given the circumstances, though, and the fact that she figured she’d never see Dean again, Abby thought it best she didn’t talk about what had transpired between them. Not even to Riley. Maybe if she pretended that it hadn’t happened, she wouldn’t have to feel so guilty.
So she chalked up the evening to no more than a dream and hid the memories where only she could see them.
“We had a nice time, talked, walked, you know.” She said with a shrug. “Anyways, let’s hurry up and get out of here, we’ll grab some breakfast and head home. I really need to get some work done tonight if I’m going to get together with Joey tomorrow.”
“Right, Joey,” Riley groaned rolling her eyes.
“What do you suddenly have against Joey?” Abby asked defensively.
“Nothing really. He’s an alright guy, I guess I just think you can do better,” she retorted.
Abby crossed her arms over her chest, “and exactly how long have you felt this way?”
“I dunno,” she said waving her hands dismissively. “Probably the last couple of years or so.”
“What do you mean the last couple of years? And why haven’t you said anything until now?” Abby glowered.
“Oh come on Abs!” Riley protested. “How am I supposed to tell you something like that?”
“You’re my best friend Riley!”
“Yeah, but, he’s your boyfriend!” She barked. “It’s not like you’re always complaining about him or anything, so who am I to question your relationship?”
“Exactly!” Abby snapped, pointing her finger at her. “I NEVER complain about Joey, so what would make you think he isn’t good enough for me? Come on Riley, tell me, I want to know!”
“Fine, you asked for it,” Riley held up her hands and backed up a couple of feet. “Joey’s a good looking guy Abby, I’ll give you that, but he’s too stiff. I mean, really, tell me Abby, when was the last time the two of you had any fun together? And don’t you dare say it was over dinner the other night!”
Abby stood looking like a petulant child as she absorbed Riley’s words.
“There’s just no passion between you two! You’ve been together for three years now, and I bet you haven’t so much as moved an article of clothing into his house! Doesn’t that tell you anything Abs?” 
Defeated, Abby slumped onto the bed and looked down at her feet. “I see your point,” she whimpered.
Riley crossed over to where she was and sat down next to her, nudging her a little. “I’m sorry Abs, I shouldn’t’ve said those things.”
Abby looked up at her with a pained look in her eyes, “No, you’re right. You’re right about all of it. What should I do Riley?”
“You’ll figure it out,” she reasoned putting her arms around her. “Think about what you want Abby, and if Joey doesn’t fit into your plans, then maybe you go your separate ways. But either way, I think you two need to have a talk.”
Abby nodded and swiped at the moisture in her eyes.
Standing up, Riley clapped her hands, “alright,” she trilled, “let’s get the hell out of here and I’ll buy you breakfast.”
Laughing, Abby agreed.

Abby spent the rest of the afternoon going over intake reports and reaching out to various contacts about the animals with the most urgent needs. She set up appointments with the local TV and radio stations to get air time for some of the younger and more presentable animals in hopes that the attention would warrant some interest.
The hoarding case they had taken on pretty much put them at capacity, and if they didn’t move some of the animals soon they were going to have to start turning animals away, something she certainly didn’t want to do.
Nearly exhausted, Abby stood and stretched. Rufus did the same and panting, looked up at her with hopeful eyes.
“What do you say we go outside? Huh boy?” she suggested. Wagging his tail, Rufus threw back his head and howled in agreement.
“Alright, let’s go.” she chuckled rubbing the top of his head.
A cat streaked by in an orange blur as Rufus bounded towards the barn ahead of his master, nose to the ground sniffing for squirrels, and whatever else he might flush out of hiding.
Sparky nickered a low greeting when Abby approached the fence and trotted over looking for a handout. Running the back of her hand against his silky black muzzle Abby murmured to him softly, “sorry boy, no apples today.”
“Hey, Abby!” A voice called from behind her, pulling her from her thoughts.
“Oh hey Sam!” she shouted back. “Thanks again for taking care of the animals for me, I really appreciate it.”
“Oh it’s no problem, really.” she assured her walking up beside her, “I actually wanted to talk to you about something if you have a minute?”
“Yeah, what’s up?”
Sam kicked at the dirt nervously and rubbed a hand up her arm as if she were cold, “I wondered if maybe you’d consider letting me adopt Sparky and board him here,” she questioned shyly before rushing on. “I’d be willing to work around the farm to pay for board, and my mom said I could do extra chores at home to pay for his feed and medical bills.”
Abby smiled, Sam had been helping her for the past five years now, she started out small just hanging around whenever she got the chance and brushing Eeyore, but as she got older Abby allowed her to take on more responsibilities with her mother’s permission. Looking at Sparky, and then back at Sam, Abby was confident that she would be good a fit for him.
“That sounds great Sam,” she encouraged. “Have your mom come into the shelter one day next week and we’ll get started on the paperwork.”
Sam squealed in delight and hugged Abby enthusiastically, “thank you, thank you, thank you!” She yelped. Calming down, Sam scratched Sparky behind ears, “there’s one more thing,” she asked cautiously. “When he’s strong enough, can you teach me how to ride him?”
Flattered, Abby shook her head, “of course. You know Sam, we could start with the basics, he’s strong enough now for me to teach you how to saddle and lunge him, and I think by Christmas you should be able to get on his back.”
“Really? Oh my gosh, you’re the best Abby!” she exclaimed running for her house to give her mother the good news.
Abby stood looking out at the small pasture for a few more minutes, watching as Eeyore pawed at the ground and Rufus chased one of the cats up a tree, then turning she whistled for the dog and headed towards her small kennel area to check on the two pit bulls she currently housed.
After making sure they had enough water and feeding them their evening meal, Abby went to see to her own dinner and made her way back to the house, slipping in through the kitchen door.
Having had her mind on work most of the day, Abby didn’t give much thought to Joey or the conversation she’d had earlier in the morning with Riley. But sitting alone at her kitchen table as she munched on a frozen dinner tray, Abby was left with the knowledge that she couldn’t avoid it forever.
She had to analyze her relationship with Joey whether she wanted to or not. Monica had changed everything when she asked Abby about marriage, and Dean had made it abundantly clear that there was definitely something missing from their relationship.
However much she wanted to just pretend that everything was okay and continue on a usual, she couldn’t. The passion she’d shared with Dean had made her realize that there was more, a lot more in fact to a relationship than just having a companionable friendship with the other person.
After tormenting herself with thoughts of Dean and the kiss they’d shared, racked with guilt, Abby decided she had no choice but to talk to Joey about it. Not the kiss of course, or her evening with Dean, but their relationship, and where it was headed. She had to make sure they were on the same page and that they still wanted the same things.
She figured she’d spend the remainder of her evening lying in bed watching TV and then call Joey first thing in the morning. She spent most of her Sundays at his place, so maybe they’d sit down and talk tomorrow since she’d be there anyways.
Scraping the rest of her food into Rufus’ bowl, Abby sighed and headed upstairs to take a shower before slipping into bed for the night. Her heavy heart weighed on her, and guilt ate away at the already gaping hole. How could she be so happy and oblivious one minute and yet so unsure of everything the next?

After a restless night, and a morning full of chores, Abby still somehow found herself trying to keep busy to put off calling Joey. She accidentally left her phone in the bedroom as she went about cleaning the house and doing laundry. And once the house was spotless, she moved on to the barn. Sam had done a good job of keeping the place in order for her while she was gone, but there was always something to be done.
Rolling up her sleeves, Abby mended fences, mucked stalls, cleaned out buckets, and did every other mundane task she could think of. But by noon, she had run out of things to clean or fix and decided it was time to face the music.
After a long shower, one final stalling tactic, Abby picked up her phone and checked the call log. Nothing. A little surprised, she checked her email, Joey often preferred emails and text messages to actual phone calls. But aside from a few inquiries about some of the puppies she had recently rescued, her inbox was empty.
Maybe he was waiting for her to call him. Yeah, that was probably it. Being the considerate man he was, he probably figured she would need some time to catch up on things after her night away.
And he could still be with his brother too. At the thought of Joey canceling their trip to spend time with his bereaved brother, a fresh wave of guilt overcame her. There he was, taking care of his family, doing a noble thing, and she was out gallivanting with a complete stranger, touching him inappropriately and kissing him for God sakes!
Abby shook her head, determined to rid herself of all thoughts of Dean. She had to stop punishing herself for one moment of weakness. Nothing had happened! But it could have, and for that, she was ashamed of herself.
What if Dean had asked to go up to her room with her? Or asked her to go home with him?
She was afraid she probably would have agreed, but because she couldn’t be sure of it, she tried to forgive herself for the indiscretion and vowed not to let it happen again. Of course, it wouldn't happen again, you idiot! She thought, scolding herself, like you’ll ever run into Dean Kirk in a piss-ant town like Yulee! He wouldn’t be caught dead here!
Calming herself, Abby finally worked up the nerve to dial Joey’s number. As the call connected he answered on the first ring. “Hello?”
“Hey Joey, how’s your brother doing?” she asked sweetly.
“Not too good Abby, I was actually just getting ready to call you. I don’t think we’ll be able to get together tonight like we usually do.”
“Oh,” she said feeling a little put-off. “That’s okay, I’ve got a lot of work to catch up on anyways,” she lied, trying to hide the disappointment in her voice.
“I figured you would,” he answered unperturbed. If he noticed the slight hitch in her voice, he didn’t mention it. “How was the game by the way? I caught the first couple of periods, but we left to get something to eat during the second intermission. I thought for sure we were going to lose that game.”
Glad that he hadn’t watched the whole game, afraid he might somehow have noticed Dean talking to her, Abby let out a silent breath of relief. “Yeah, it was pretty scary there for a little bit.”
“You’re telling me!” He agreed. “I don’t know where they managed to find the motivation, but I’m sure glad they did!”
Blushing as she remembered Dean’s words about making it his personal mission to win, Abby was happy that Joey wasn’t standing right in front of her, for fear that it was written all over her face just what she had done.
“Anyways, I’ve got to get going, we’re taking Jenny to the park, but I’m glad you had fun, and thanks for calling me. I’ll give you a call one day through the week and we’ll get together for lunch. I promise.” He said before hanging up.
Staring at the phone a moment longer, Abby couldn’t quite put her emotions into words. Joey was canceling again, for the third straight time. It was true that his family should come first, but if becoming a family wasn’t what they as a couple, were working towards, then what exactly were they doing?
Even friends leaned on each other in times like this, didn’t they? And yet, Joey seemed to keep her at arm's length anytime it involved his or her family. It was just one more thing in a long line of them that made her seriously question if their relationship was even worth fighting for, let alone working towards fixing.
What was she supposed to do now? she wondered. As she paced the length of the kitchen trying to think, Rufus plowed through the dog door covered in mud, a stick clamped in his teeth and whimpered up at her, thumping his tail against the door as it wagged.
Abby groaned, “well, I needed something to do right?” she asked throwing her hands up in frustration. “Come on Rufus, let’s get you cleaned up.”

Two thousand miles away, Dean sat on a bench in the locker room of an ice rink in Scottsdale Arizona, eating a powerbar and toweling the sweat off of his forehead. After a marginally long flight, and a grueling workout, Dean had spent the last hour practicing with a few of his teammates that had also made the trip out early.
The rest of the team would be flying out in the morning for Monday night’s game. Dean liked to get into the area a day ahead of schedule when time permitted. So here he was, tired as hell, and yet, he still couldn’t get Abigail and that kiss off his mind. Try as he might, he kept coming back to those finals few moments in front of the hotel. How badly had he wanted to take her up to her hotel room and make love to her?
The woman had a boyfriend, but it didn’t seem to matter to Dean. Logic be damned, he was completely taken with Abby, and though he knew he should just stop thinking about her and get over it, he found himself picking up his phone and dialing his agent’s number instead.
“Hey Jack, it’s Dean, I need you to do me a couple of favors.”
Walking into her office the next morning, Abby stopped in her tracks as she stared at a large crystal vase sitting on her desk filled to the brim with purple and white Calla Lilies. Her breath caught and she placed one hand over her heart while she stroked a delicate petal with the other. There was no card, but a small pink box lay next to them. Before she could pick it up, Riley rushed in and closed the door behind her.
“I’m dying, who are they from?” She squeaked.
“You mean you didn’t see who delivered them?” Abby replied.
Riley leaned in to smell them, “Of course I did. Nothing gets past that front desk without my knowledge. But it was delivered by a florist Hun.”
“Oh. Maybe there’s a note in the box.” Abby said as she gently lifted the lid.
There were two envelopes inside, one felt thick, while the other obviously contained some kind of letter. Opting to open that one first she took out a single sheet of copy paper that had been signed and probably faxed at one point. Abby read aloud.
“Red,


The tickets are good for the whole season, and feel free to bring Joey along!
Don’t forget to get in touch with my agent about doing that calendar, I talked to the rest of the guys and they’d love to help out. Let’s make it one big event!


Enjoy the flowers,
Dean’

That cocky bastard!” she laughed.
Riley snatched the letter out of her hands and skimmed it for herself as Abby reached for the second envelope. In it, she found a card for Dean’s agent, and two season tickets for one of the more exclusive club sections, he even included a couple of valet parking passes. She couldn’t begin to imagine what those had set him back.
But suddenly, her legs felt like jello and she groped for her chair to prevent herself from falling flat on her butt. Her night with Dean had replayed over and over in her mind, but she had never thought he would contact her beyond that evening.
They hadn’t even exchanged phone numbers!
Sure they had joked about having his team do a calendar with the adoptable animals from her shelter, but that was just a joke, right? Why on earth would he go to such lengths to get her to another game? And he wanted her to bring Joey? Was he crazy? Just how she was even going to explain this to him was beyond her comprehension.
“Just walked and talked huh?” Riley teased, breaking into her thoughts. “Donovan sure didn’t send me any season tickets, and I’m single!”
“Oh, my gosh Riley, what am I going to do?” Abby moaned.
“You can start by telling me exactly what happened that night,” she growled.
“Nothing happened Riley, I swear it!” Abby lied. But it was clear, Riley wasn’t buying it as her eyebrows raised in apparent disbelief. “Okay, but you swear you won’t say anything to anyone? I mean, if Joey finds out.”
“If Joey finds out what Abby?” Riley interrupted.
“We sort of kissed,” Abby replied looking down.
“I knew it!” She said pointing a finger at her. “So what was it like?”
Laying her chin on the top of her desk, the left side of her mouth cocked in a half smile, “It was really romantic Riley, he grabbed me, and kissed me like I swear I’ve never been kissed before.”
Riley lowered herself into the chair opposite Abby picking up the tickets and looking them over. “Wow,” she beamed. “Just wow.”
“Yeah, that’s what I said when he let me go,” Abby replied dreamily before the guilt washed over her again. “Riley, what am I supposed to tell Joey? How do I explain to him that Dean Kirk sent me flowers and a very expensive pair of season tickets? No matter what I tell him, he’s bound to think it’s a lie!”
Riley wagged her index finger in Abby’s face, “Uh uh, don’t you dare expect me to feel sorry for you.”
“Come on Riley, seriously, what am I going to do? Should I send the tickets back?”
“You’re kidding, right? Why on earth would you send him the tickets back?”
“Honestly Riley, I can’t keep these! I almost cheated on Joey, and here’s the proof!” Abby shouted picking up the tickets and dropping them back onto the desk.
Sighing, Riley placed her hands on top of Abby’s, “What Joey doesn’t know isn’t going to hurt him, Abby.”
“That’s awful Riley!”
“Fine, just tell him that I hung out with the guys that night after the game, and tell him some cockamamie story about me giving them your name or something. I mean, they do this sort of thing all the time, right? What’s a couple of season passes to a guy like Dean?”
“Do you really think he’d buy that?” she pondered grimacing, “I mean, I’m not very good at lying Riley.”
“Sure,” Riley answered. “Just don’t take the flowers home, or let him see the note, and I think you’ll be good to go. Oh, and maybe tell him over the phone.”
Abby worried her bottom lip for a few minutes before she replied. “Yeah, yeah, I’ll tell him over the phone. But what do I do if he comes to the office? He does that sometimes.”
“Easy, you put these in here,” she said opening a desk drawer and placing both envelopes in it, and then picking up the vase of flowers. “And I’ll just take this with me.”
Laughing, Abby reached for the flowers, “is that really necessary Riley?”
“Absolutely!” Riley chimed in dodging her. “Now, I have to get back to work, and I think you have a phone call to make, right?”
Shaking her head, Abby ran her tongue back and forth over the bottom of her teeth. She did indeed have a phone call to make. But it could wait. She needed to get a hold of herself first.

Abby sat at her desk staring at the tickets long after Riley had left. She ran every aspect of her conversation that night with Dean through her mind. She could remember just the way his eyes had twinkled when he looked at her. How it made her insides melt. She could remember the heat he emblazoned upon her skin with every touch.
And she could remember how guilty she had felt when she got home. She was supposed to have gone with Joey to that game. Would Dean have invited her out still if it had been Joey sitting next to her rather than Riley? She doubted it. And she certainly wouldn’t have gone off with him alone to a darkened park and allowed him to touch her, to kiss her the way he had.
She felt cheap all over again. She wasn’t this person. She couldn’t be. She loved Joey, didn’t she? She did, however, have to admit to herself that in the three years they had been together, Joey had never made her feel the things Dean had in one night. He brought out a passion in her she didn’t know existed.
Twirling the tickets in her hand, she knew she should throw them away, or at the very least give them back. But a part of her wanted to go, she wanted to see him again. And what about the calendar idea? Logic told her it was for the animals, and they deserved it, but deep down, she knew she had an ulterior motive there too. How could she be dating a man like Joey, a good man, and be pining for a man like Dean? A man like Dean, ha! She had no idea what kind of a man Dean was.
Curiosity got the better of her then, and she turned on her computer, brought up the search engine and caved. She googled him. A picture of Dean popped up in all his glory, a rakish grin on his face, followed by all sorts of facts and statistics.
Born in New Jersey, drafted straight out of high school. She knew that already. Some people called him the American version of Sidney Crosby, others said he was better. Still not quite what she was after.
There were hundreds of articles for her to choose from, but like he had told her, most of them were about his career and his stick-handling capabilities. She found dozens of articles about his philanthropy as well.
Dean was active in several charities, as he had said, he donated thousands to various hospitals and organizations. But even knowing that already, tears burned her eyes as she read about his many selfless acts.
She couldn’t, however, find one article linking him to a woman. And then she saw it. Buried beneath several other articles she noticed the words Fiancé and car accident in the same sentence.
Abby tapped her fingers on her desk in impatience as she waited for the article to load. The picture included with the article was a stunningly beautiful woman with long chestnut hair, and dark brown eyes, standing next to a much younger looking Dean. They were dressed in formal wear, and though her expression was almost sullen it had a sexy vibe to it, and a smile stretched widely across Dean’s normally roguish face, lending a softer touch to his handsomely etched features. Scanning the article and reading aloud to herself, her heart almost sank.
“Angela Day twenty-four died in a car accident. Recently engaged to superstar Dean Kirk, it was a single car crash.” Sources indicated she had been drinking heavily, but nothing was cited officially as to why she had crashed. The article just stated she ran off the road and hit a tree.
There wasn’t a lot mentioned about Dean, just some of his fancy stats and that they had been recently engaged after a year-long courtship. Abby’s heart broke for Dean, what he must have been feeling. It had been nearly four years since the accident, but when you loved someone, death wasn’t easily forgotten. Surely this woman was the reason he wasn’t the typical playboy most athletes were.
Having discovered this latest revelation about Dean, Abby realized she was even more confused than before. She wanted so badly to forget about Dean Kirk, to go on acting like the night had never happened, and the only time she’d ever seen him was during a game on TV.
Tapping his agent's card against the edge of the desk, Abby made a decision. Though she was going to take Riley’s advice when it came to Joey, she wasn’t going to beat herself up over the season tickets. Riley was right, they were nothing to guy of Deans stature. He probably handed them out by the dozens. Never mind that the tickets he may have used as gratuities were likely of the nose bleed variety. Dean gave her the tickets, and his reasons be damned, she was going to use them!
As far as the animals went, though, it was a little more complicated. Going to a game escorted by Joey, surely she was safe. But any amount of time spent alone with Dean might prove to be her undoing. She was holding it together by a thread already, was she strong enough to do this without falling under his spell?
Picking up the phone, she dialed the number on the card and was immediately greeted by a friendly female voice. “Mr. Treadway’s office, Amber speaking,” the voice chirped happily.
“Hi, my name is Abigail Clement, Dean asked me to give Mr. Treadway a call.”
“Ms. Clement, yes, we’ve been waiting to hear from you. We’re very excited about the ideas Mr. Kirk has proposed, Jack’s in a meeting right now, and he’s likely to be there all day. I’ll be sure to have him call you, though.”
“Okay, thank you, Amber.”
“My pleasure, have a great day,” she replied cheerfully after taking down Abby’s phone number and ending the call.
One down, one to go, Abby thought nervously. She wasn’t sure what she had expected, but she was happy it was a receptionist that answered instead. Even if it wasn’t Dean she was speaking to directly, anyone associated with him was a little too much at this point. She kept reminding herself though that it was for the animals, and they were worth whatever risk she was about to take.
Placing the agent’s card back in her desk, Abby blew out a breath and leaned back into her chair. The sooner she called Joey and got it over with, the sooner she could concentrate on work again. She had a million and one things to do, and she somehow seemed unable to find the motivation she needed to get started.
Before she could pick up the phone again, however, a call beeped through, and the floodgates broke loose.
Hours later, Abby sat back in her chair and rested her heels on the top of the desk. Exhausted, she lolled her head over the back of the chair and closed her eyes. Rubbing her temples to assuage a headache that pounded behind her eyelids, Abby considered her latest accomplishment. A small shelter on the other side of town was being forced by the county to close, and reaching out to Abby, the director had called earlier begging for help.
Abby spent most of the morning on the phone to other shelters in the area and a few out of state trying to test the waters and see who was able to help and how. With the latest hoarding case putting them close to capacity, Abby knew they wouldn’t be able to take on too much themselves. Luckily Abby had been able to get in touch with a fellow relations manager she’d worked with in the past, and hit pay dirt. Located a few hours south, in Ocala, the shelter was faring surprisingly well, and near to empty. They were both willing and able to help.
Relieved, Abby agreed to take on the responsibility of arranging transportation in exchange for not having to bring any additional animals to her own shelter. The crisis averted, Abby informed the local shelter director, and begged Riley to pick up some lunch.
The task, however daunting, had been a welcome diversion for her, but now that she had a moment to breathe again, she remembered her earlier predicament. Glancing at the phone, and contemplating whether or not to make the phone call, Abby noticed the red message light as it blinked persistently. 
Abby picked up the receiver, punched in the number for her voicemail and listened intently to the masculine voice booming on the other end.
“Ms. Clement, it’s Jack Treadway. So sorry I missed you earlier, I’ve been looking forward to talking to you after speaking with Dean about his ideas.” He said almost breathlessly as he rushed on. “I’m in hot pursuit of a long-term extension for a client right now so I’ll be pretty tied up over the next couple of days. Why don’t you come out to the game on Sunday afternoon and we’ll get the ball rolling? We’ll talk soon!”
Deleting the message, Abby listened to another from a woman interested in a community service project she had posted in the local paper. After scribbling down her contact information, Abby cleared the rest of her older messages out and placed the phone back in its cradle. With so many different things going on right now, she wasn’t sure going to the game was such a good idea.
As much fun as it might be to mingle and rub elbows with the upper class and drink fancy champagne while she watched the Slashers pound their opponents into smithereens, Abby thought it might be safer if she kept communications limited to technology for now. So despite the lure of Jack’s suggestion, Abby spoke to Amber again and informed her to have Mr. Treadway email her instead when he had a free moment.
Just as she finished her conversation with Jack’s assistant and hung up the phone, a knock sounded at her door.
“Oh thank God Riley! I’m starving!” she announced looking up from her computer screen.
However, it was not Riley standing in the doorway before her. Embarrassment flashing across her face, Abby glanced quickly at her reflection in the darkened screen of her computer and patted the sides of her hair with her hands.
“Joey! What are you doing here?” she asked surprised.
“Thought we could have lunch together,” he answered, lifting a brown paper bag and stepping closer to the desk.
“I figured you’d still be with your brother.”
Joey shrugged, “He said he needed some space.”
Motioning to the chair in front of him, Abby reached into a small refrigerator behind her and grabbed a couple large bottles of water.
“Is it okay that I’m here? Riley told me you guys have been pretty busy this morning when I came in,” he said taking a seat and opening the bag to pull out a couple of sandwiches.
“What? Of course it’s okay. Why wouldn’t it be?” she replied nervously as she tried to rein in her thoughts and emotions. She wasn’t nearly as prepared as she wanted to be before facing Joey again, she just hoped it wasn’t written all over her face.
Seemingly ignorant of her awkwardness, Joey unwrapped his sandwich and bit into it. “So what’s new?” he asked swallowing and unscrewing the lid of his water bottle.
Abby took a deep breath and looked over her own lunch, “Not much, just another day in paradise.”
Joey nodded, “Riley said you’ve been working to help another shelter that’s closing down. Probably be pretty busy this week then huh?”
“I think we’ve just about got them covered, but I still have to find homes for the rest of our hoarding case before we hit capacity, did you have plans for us?”
“Not really, I’ve just missed you these past few days. Hoped you might come over on Wednesday for dinner,” he admitted, looking down almost shyly.
Miffed, Abby remembered Jack’s invitation and the tickets burning a hole in her desk drawer. Perhaps she could kill two birds with one stone. And besides, what were the chances she’d actually run into Dean? It’s not like he’d be able to see her way up in the club section. So who’s to say he’d even know if she’d shown up or not? Surely he didn’t have a tracking device hidden in the tickets or something!
Shaking her head at her own absurdity, Abby reached into her drawer and pulled out the tickets, keeping them hidden from view. “That sounds nice, but, I actually have something else in mind if you’re interested?”
Joey crumpled his sandwich wrapper and tossed it in the wastebasket next to the desk. “Oh yeah? What’s that?” He asked after another gulp of water, screwing the lid back on.
Taking a deep breath, Abby waited a moment to consider what she was about to do. In the time that they’d been together, she couldn’t ever remember having lied to Joey. But maybe Riley was right for once, perhaps what Joey didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
“I probably should have told you this before, but I guess I just didn’t think it was that big of a deal. At least not until I got these,” she told him handing over the season passes.
Joey studied them for a minute before looking up at her in astonishment, “Are these for real?”
Abby simply nodded.
“Abby, how on earth did you get these?”
Abby rubbed the back of her neck with one hand, and trying her best to remain calm, explained things to him the way Riley had suggested. Telling him that the two had gone to the pub after the game and she had left Riley there alone as she went back to the hotel to nurse a headache. She went on to tell him that Riley had come barreling into the hotel in the early morning hours bragging about how she had drinks with the Captain and Donovan.
Joey seemed to take it all in, but if he thought she was lying, he gave her no indication. She went on to tell him that they had spoken about some of their philanthropy and Riley had mentioned Abby’s name, telling them if they ever wanted to add injured and abandoned animals to their resume of good deeds then she was their girl.
“So apparently they decided they wanted to work with animals, because when I came in this morning, there was an envelope sitting on my desk with these tickets and an agent’s card in it,” Abby said taking a calming breath. She couldn’t discern the look on his face, but she sincerely hoped he was buying into her bullshit.
“Was there a note?” He questioned with a straight face as he reexamined the tickets for the third time.
“Of course, but it was very impersonal, just told me to contact the agent and to ‘please enjoy a token of their gratitude for my time and consideration,’ Riley ran off with it though, she insisted it meant that Donovan Pierce was interested in her and swore she was going to have it framed and hung in her office at home.” She replied in a joking manner.
Joey looked at her quizzically, “if she thinks he’s into her, why would they send you tickets?”
Abby shrugged and smiled faintly, “It’s Riley, who knows what that girl’s thinking?”
“True enough,” he nodded, handing her the tickets back. “So did you talk to the agent then? What do they want? Are they going to make some sort of big donation?”
Abby placed the tickets back in the envelope and slipped it back into the drawer, “We’ve been playing phone tag, he wants me to go to the game on Sunday to discuss things. I’m not sure what they have in mind.”
“Then let’s go!” He said enthusiastically as he stood and wiped the crumbs off his pants.
Worrying her lower lip, Abby tried to push all the negative and terrifying thoughts aside. She wanted to go, she wanted to strike a deal with Dean’s agent, she really wanted to help the shelter and possibly even more in the area with the media attention they would likely garner, but she didn’t know what to expect. And that scared her. She felt like she was taking a risk by going there at all, let alone bringing Joey with her. But perhaps with Joey by her side, she could make this about business, she could show Dean that she was happy despite what their passionate kiss had told him otherwise.
“Yeah, okay. Let’s do it,” she heard herself saying, even with the little voice in her head urging her not to.
“Great,” Joey exclaimed. “I’ll see you Sunday then, we’ll do lunch first.”
“Wait? What about Wednesday night?” She asked giving him pause just as he was about to leave.
“I’ve actually got some things I need to do, I’ve neglected a lot to see to Mike, so this is perfect Abby. I’ll pick you up on Sunday we’ll do lunch, go to the game and then back to my place for the night. I’ll make you dinner.” He said shoving his hands in his pockets and smiling at her almost boyishly.
The slight rejection stung a little, but it was hard to resist his enthusiasm, it felt good to see him smile at her that way. She felt like they were finally moving forward again, so she was able to overlook another broken date if it meant progress was the ultimate goal.
“Okay, I’ll see you Sunday then,” she smiled, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear.
Flashing another smile, Joey waved and walked out, leaving her to her unfinished sandwich.
Frustrated, Abby blew out a breath of air that fluttered the hair hanging down in her eyes, and failing to move it, pushed it aside before picking up the phone and dialing Riley’s extension.
Riley barely got out her usual greeting before Abby laid into her.
“Can you please explain to me why you failed to inform me that Joey was here?” she asked angrily.
Riley sucked in audibly, “sorry, I got distracted.”
“Oh? Was that before or after you two had a conversation? I nearly lost my shit when he walked in here Riley! You’re supposed to have my back!”
“I’m sorry, you lost your what?” Riley replied before laughing hysterically.
“It’s not funny!” Abby screeched.
“It’s a little funny.”
Abby sighed and bit her lower lip to smother her own laughter. Riley was right, where was her head these days? Had kissing Dean Kirk wiggled a wire loose in her brain? She never said things like ‘losing my shit,’ she just didn’t.
“I was going to call you, honest, but when he asked me about the flowers, I started daydreaming about Donovan and well, by the time I looked back over he was gone! Did everything go okay? What’d you say? Did he buy it?” Riley continued after her laughter subsided.
“Everything went fine,” Abby answered regaining her composure. “We’re actually going to go to the game on Sunday.”
“Whoa whoa whoa, wait a minute. You’re taking Joey to the game? Are you crazy? What if you run into Dean?”
“Come on Ry, I can’t not take Joey, and besides, it’s club seats, what are the chances Dean would ever even know I was there?” She argued logically.
Abby heard Riley sigh loudly on the other end of the line before she finally answered. “I wouldn’t do it if I were you.”
“Well, then it’s a good thing you’re not me huh? I’ve got work to do, can you hold all of my calls, and next time, please, please call me before you let someone walk into my office, ESPECIALLY Joey!”
“You got it.” Riley agreed before hanging up.
Abby put the phone down and moving her computer mouse woke up the sleeping machine to check her emails. Nothing new. She answered a few waiting inquiries from various contacts and hopeful adoptee’s and after checking her inbox one more time, logged off and got to work looking over the papers and contracts in her inbox.
She spent the rest of the day getting as much as possible done, and just before shutting down for the night, she gave her email a final look. A few answers to her earlier replies, but nothing from Dean’s agent. A little deflated, Abby made a note to call Amber again and let her know she would be accepting Jack’s invitation if she hadn’t heard from him via email by the morning. If she had, she’d just reply to him directly she decided. And with that settled, she shut everything down and headed home.
Chapter 6
Contemplation



Abby spent the next few days finalizing the transport details for the shelter she had promised to help, and conducting interviews for foster homes as well as approving contracts for adoptions in the hoarding case, thus finally reducing the number of animals in their care by almost half and making some much-needed space.
Completely ignoring the note she had written herself, Abby didn’t give much thought to Sunday’s game or Dean at all for that matter. She was busy doing what needed to be done. Helping animals. Doing what she loved. So when the week flew by, and Friday rolled along, Abby was almost surprised to see the message from Jack in her inbox.
He asked her to please reconsider as their scheduling demands would only become more hectic with their circus road trip coming up. Confused, Abby pulled up a second tab and googled the terminology only to discover it wasn’t some cryptic hockey slang but rather that the circus was going to be using their arena for a week or so and they would be on an extended road trip.
Getting back to his email, he went on to say that he completely understood if it was inconvenient given the distance, but to let him know if her plans changed. He told her he would prefer to put a face to the name before they committed to this wholly, and he hoped to meet her soon.
Given that she had already decided to go to the game with Joey anyways, she quickly wrote him back and let him know she had changed her mind and was excited to meet him. Abby wondered whether or not she should give him a general description of herself, but figured Dean would probably have taken care of that himself. So after applying her usual signature to the email, she hit send and finished up her work for the day.
Abby spent the evening entertaining her mother at a restaurant between their two homes, and though they spoke pleasantly of the things that had been recently going on in their lives, she didn’t mention her night with Dean Kirk, or the ongoing awkwardness in her relationship with Joey. And of course, drowning her own sorrows in a martini, her mother didn’t bother to ask.
She loved her mother, and understood that after losing the love of her life, she was having a hard time adjusting to being single, but Abby had hoped her mother would have found her way by now.
High school sweethearts, her had parents married just after graduating, and her father took a management position a few years later at a car dealership newly opened by the parent of one of his friends in Kingsland. Her mother got a job with the postal service, and a short time later Abby was born. Together, the three of them lived a quiet kind of life.
Her parents were well off, so they lived comfortably, but modestly as well. They had each other, and her mom told her all the time that her father was all she had ever needed, all she ever wanted. So when he died tragically, naturally, she was lost.
But that had been almost ten years ago, and Abby often begged her to move on. To let go of her grief. She was usually reminded though that there were no limitations on grieving, and that she just needed time. How much time though? Abby would ask. And why wouldn’t she see a professional? Just talk to someone about it, surely she couldn’t go on like this forever?
Tonight, however, distracted by her own problems, Abby didn’t bother with her usual questions and accusations. And while it wasn’t lost on her, Abby’s mother wasn’t inclined to push the issue. Instead, she sat across from her, stirring her martini and gossiping about her neighbors, as Abby absently pushed food around on her plate and stared into space, nodding accordingly as though she were listening intently the whole time.
It was difficult for Abby to think about anything other than her upcoming evening with Joey. Had she not been busy all week she might have worked out her nervousness by now, but with Sunday looming large on the horizon, she realized she needed to get her game plan in order. If things went smoothly and she had only to deal with Dean’s agent, then perhaps there would be no need to fret like this at all. But seeing as few things worked out in the life exactly the way you hoped, Abby was trying to prepare herself for the possibility of coming face to face with Dean again.
What would she say to him? How would he respond to meeting Joey, and to the knowledge that she had lied about their evening together? Abby asked herself these questions and more over and over again as the night wore on. Before she knew it though time had seemingly tricked her, and Friday evening became Saturday morning.
She went about her day on autopilot. With Sam now responsible for taking care of the animals outside of Rufus, Abby had little more to do than catch up on her emails from work and see to her household duties.
Of course after the thorough cleaning of a week ago, there wasn’t much that needed her immediate attention. So instead, Abby found herself online, browsing articles about the Slashers, but of course not Dean in particular. Though the thought had come to mind several times, she fought against those urges and concentrated on the team as a whole. She needed to know as much as possible about them if she was seriously considering working with them. Didn’t she? She decided anything that would possibly impress Dean’s agent and team members would be helpful at this point, or at the very least wouldn’t hurt matters.
As she clicked on the next article, however, a picture of Dean in the center of the page instantly drew her attention. It was like an invisible force field pulling at her. No matter how hard she tried to convince herself to scroll down, it was like her hand was paralyzed on the mouse. Rather than moving past it, she found herself studying the photo intently. It was quite a flattering picture of Dean, unlike most of the uniformed shots, the NHL posted of its players.
Dean’s dark hair was slightly shaggy and rumpled the way it had been the night they strolled through the park, and his green eyes were intense, but the corners were creased by the smile that parted his soft and surprisingly full lips. Just looking at that mouth, Abby was able to recall how it felt slanted across her own, gentle but demanding, eliciting a response. Shaking off the sensation the memory evoked, Abby continued to study the face before her.
Dean’s nose, though obviously broken at some point was, for the most part, straight otherwise and suited his masculine features well. And he had dimples in both cheeks that added a dangerously appealing quality to his rakish and crooked grin. Abby understood why women swooned over him, he had the makings of an Irish god, albeit a tan one.
And though it was just a headshot, Abby was very capable of filling in from memory what the rest of his body looked like. With clothes on that is. He was tall, possibly two or three inches over six feet, and very broad of shoulder. He had a lean and tapered torso, and a thickly muscled chest and arms. Dean’s body could’ve been carved from stone for all she knew. But of course, unlike granite, there was nothing cold about his embrace.
He had been pure fire underneath her fingertips. Like molten lava, the heat emanating from his every pore, and seeping into her very core. Abby shivered as the memory came fluttering back to her in snatches. How Dean’s body felt pressed against hers, and she could remember how tightly coiled his muscles had been as she slid her hands up his chest during their intimate embrace.
As if on cue, her phone rang, startling Abby back into reality. Screening the call, she noticed it was from an area code she wasn’t familiar with and decided to let it go to voicemail instead. They didn’t leave one.
She figured it to be a telemarketer and let the matter drop. Turning back to her computer screen, Abby closed the article and refocused on emails, going through some of the newer ones and sending off whatever noncommittal replies were necessary for now since she wasn’t in the office and preferred to have the hard copy of her files in hand when making important decisions. She would then spend the rest of the evening curled up on the couch with Rufus watching lifetime movies and eating popcorn.

As her impersonal voicemail indicated that he should leave a message, Dean disconnected the call and swiped a clean cloth over the back of his neck to catch the perspiration as it trickled down towards his back. After acquiring Abby’s phone number from his agent, Dean struggled over the decision about whether or not to call her.
Jack told him she had agreed to come to the game, after letting him know of course that he owed him big time for practically begging the woman to come, not to mention the ridiculous lengths he had had to go to get those tickets to her in the first place! But Dean was still nervous and unsure as to if she would actually show or not.
When she didn’t answer, however, a wave of relief rolled over him. Given her hesitation over accepting the invitation, it was clear to Dean that she likely felt the same anxieties as he did about the prospect of seeing each other again.
Maybe he was reading too much into the kiss they had shared? No. Dean shook his head to ward off the negativity. The way Abby had melted in his arms, the way she responded eagerly to his advances, she definitely felt something for him. There was no doubt in his mind that she was at least a little bit into him.
So why was he relieved that she hadn’t answered?
Perhaps it was because he’d never felt this way about a woman before. Abby brought out an awkwardness in him that he’d never experienced. In his misspent youth, Dean had frequently been called a ladies' man. While he was mostly able to stay out of the spotlight and keep his indiscretions well hidden, he wasn’t a monk. He enjoyed the company of women and delighted in variety.
Of course, after Angela, Dean was a lot more careful about the women he associated with. Often preferring the company of friends, or having those friends set him up on dates with respectable women they knew and trusted. One could never be too careful about whom they allowed in their beds.
And wouldn’t his past conquests be surprised to learn that Dean had often done background checks on them before agreeing to a date? But really, he was only trying to protect himself. All a girl had to do was say one word and she could ruin even the most respectable athlete's career and reputation. So far, though, Dean hadn’t even thought about checking into Abby’s background, which puzzled him.
Dean considered that fact in between his strength conditioning reps. Why hadn’t he had her checked out yet? Here he was practically ready to make a fool of himself over this woman and he knew little more than her name and occupation. There was something genuine and humbling about Abby though he thought. Surely she wasn’t anything like the lying, and conniving bitch from his past.
With Angela, it was never about some deeper connection, he had been young, and stunned by her beauty and grace. Never mind that his sister had warned him to stay away from her from the beginning. And of course, that early in his career, Dean hadn’t yet adopted the notion of performing background checks on his dates. Perhaps if he had, he might have seen just what kind of woman Angela was and forgone the scandal she nearly caused.
Of course, that experience shaped Dean into the man he was today, so he couldn’t really be too hard on himself, could he? If he hadn’t made that mistake in the first place, then perhaps he wouldn’t be in the position of winning the heart of a girl like Abby. He might have still been blind to the ways of women and stardom, maybe even falling for the first good looking woman with the right kind of acting skills.
Many of his comrades had made that mistake. Taking up with the likes of a second rate actress or model that while they may have been good enough to garner some attention, certainly weren’t well developed in their craft. They were, however, experts at snagging a man’s attention and trapping him into a relationship or even marriage once they dug their claws in deep enough or maybe even had gotten herself pregnant.
Of course, not all women were like that, and not all athletes were dumb enough to fall into their traps. Dean actually had quite a few teammates that were happily married to wonderful women that truly loved them, but he knew the reality of it was, not all women were as genuine and decent as Abby appeared to be.
After all, a woman couldn’t possibly dedicate herself to animals so selflessly the way Abby had and not be a good person, could she? While Dean may not have done a traditional background check on Abby, he had done enough of his own digging to know that she was thoroughly involved in the work that she did. He found articles and pictures of several drives and events she had sponsored over the years, even found a picture of her with who he thought to be her current boyfriend. Dean could admit that the fair-haired man in the picture with Abby was attractive enough, but even without being cocky, he knew from the way Abby ignited underneath his touch that he had, at the very least, a chance to win her over.
After showering and changing into street clothes, Dean decided not to dwell on thoughts of Abby any longer.  If she came to the game tomorrow, he could figure things out from there. For now, though, he needed to be focused on the upcoming game against the Flyers.

Chapter 7
Date Night



After a companionable, though slightly quiet lunch, at a little diner in Savannah, Abby and Joey made their way to the Slashers arena for the late afternoon game. With a four o’clock puck drop, Joey figured they’d be able to make it back to his place with plenty of time for him to cook up a late dinner over a bottle of wine with some light classical music to set the mood. Never one to be considered a romantic, Joey voiced that perhaps they try to spend the evening in a more intimate manner. Though her inner voice balked at the idea for some reason unbeknownst to her, Abby agreed that the change of pace might serve them well.
But as game time drew closer, and they made their way up to their club seats, she still couldn’t believe her luck on that account, Abby’s mind drifted off. She tried to focus on Joey and what he was saying to her, but all she could think about was Dean. She wondered what he was doing right now, what kind of pregame routine did they have? She could just imagine Dean sitting in the locker room with his shirt off, his muscled chest glistening in sweat from the recent exertion of his work out. Her mouth practically watered at the indecent thoughts.
“What do you think Abby?” Joey asked, jerking her mind out of the gutter it had crawled into.
“I’m sorry what?” she replied smiling as she followed him to their seats.
“I asked you what you thought about our backup goalie? He’s not playing tonight, but I’ve heard great things about him.”
“Oh, yeah he’s...” she started to say, trailing off when her name was shouted from behind.
Slowly turning, as her heart began to race, fearing it might be Dean, she saw instead a tall, slender gentleman with dark hair peppered in gray streaks wearing glasses and waving slightly as he approached. This must be Jack she thought to herself. He walked with a certain amount of grace, and his expensive suit made him stand out in the crowd of jerseys and Slashers t-shirts. The fluidity with which he moved reminded her of a shark, and just by looking at him, she could understand why Dean and many other athletes would entrust their careers to this man.
Unsure of how this meeting would play out, Abby stood with Joey right beside her as Dean’s agent approached them just minutes before the start of the game. She only hoped Jack would be discreet and not mention any details that might implicate to Joey that she had lied about that night, and about meeting Dean.
“Jack Treadway,” he said extending his hand first to Joey then to Abby. “We’ve been playing phone tag all week, it’s nice to finally meet you in the flesh.”
“It’s nice to meet you too Mr. Treadway,” she said graciously.
“It’s Jack, please,” he corrected. “We’re all really excited about this project Abby. You know, I’ve got a couple of mutts at home myself, all three of them rescues if you can believe that!”
“They sure do make the best pets don’t they?” Abby chimed in.
“That they do!” He replied, looking over his shoulder and waving to a man in a particularly fancy looking suit. “I hate to be rude, but I’ve got some other business to attend to at the moment, I just wanted to meet the voice on the other end of the line. Dean and some of the guys will be up after the game if you don’t mind hanging around, and I’ll have the clubs’ PR Director, Jean, get in touch with you to synchronize schedules, the team has that road trip coming up, but we should be able to find enough time to make this thing happen!”
Abby thanked him again for his time and walked with Joey back to their seats.
“Did he just say Dean Kirk and some of the other players were coming up here? Or was I hearing things?” Joey asked nearly astonished.
“Yeah, Jack’s actually Deans agent, like I told you the other day, I guess he heard Riley and Donovan talking about it, and he was looking for a new project or something. So Riley gave him my name.” She answered trying to shrug it off like it was no big deal.
“I still can’t believe Riley hung out with Donovan Pierce, let alone the fact that you didn’t go out with them!”
“I told you, Joey, I was tired, I had a headache and I wasn’t really in the mood to entertain. Besides, I’m the one that got the season tickets, not Riley, so it couldn’t have gone all that well!” she said laughing and hoping it sounded genuine. She hated lying to Joey, but she was afraid the truth would have hurt him even more.
Things were finally starting to feel normal again between the two of them. They’d had that nice lunch date the other day, however awkward it might have seemed, and were planning on spending the rest of the evening together at Joey’s place after the game. Even though she was nervous about seeing Dean again, Abby felt like she and Joey were in a good place.
It was taking a lot of effort for Abby to let go of the daydream of Dean Kirk, but she wasn’t willing to throw away what she and Joey had over one kiss, even if it had turned her world upside down. Three years was a long time, and she would be a fool to even consider it. Or so she hoped.
“Yeah, who’d have thought a big shot like Dean Kirk was an animal lover!” He joked, jarring her away from her thoughts.
“Maybe it’s not even that at all,” she broke in. “Don’t the players have to fulfill a certain amount of philanthropy throughout the season?”
“I don’t know, whatever his reasons, I’ll take it! Season tickets? Club level at that! Animals are good for something I guess!”
Abby playfully jabbed him in the ribs, “don’t you dare!” She hissed.
Joey laughed and leaned into her a little as the game began below them.
For the next few hours, Abby and Joey watched the Slashers take the lead, lose the lead and after falling behind, somehow miraculously pull ahead by two to win in the end. They cheered together, held their breaths together and slapped high fives as the final buzzer sounded. It felt like old times again. It felt good, and for the time being, all thoughts of Dean had vanished, despite the fact that he was right below her on the ice.

Undefeated in their first four games, the Slashers were off to a great start, and Dean with another two assists and a shorthanded goal tonight led the league in points, while his linemate held the record for the most goals in the NHL adding two more during the game himself.
Sticking around long after the players left the ice, Abby stood a couple feet back from Joey’s elbow while he chatted about business matters with the owner of a local steakhouse. The few other patrons left in the club area cheered moments later when four members of the Slasher’s team, including Dean, walked through the door, politely shaking hands as they made their way over to Abby.
Putting a little more distance between her and Joey, Abby tried her best to remain calm, but when Dean looked at her and their eyes met, a smile quickly bloomed across her face.  She was simply unable to escape from the excitement that bubbled up inside her when their gazes locked. Dean was like a force field drawing her in.
“Abby,” he said nearly breathless as he approached. “I’m so glad you came. To be honest, I thought you might have considered returning the tickets, but when Jack came into the locker room during the second intermission and told me you were here, well, we won that game because of you,” he said winking.
Blushing, Abby dropped her eyes to the floor, “don’t try to flatter me, Dean, you guys won that game because you’re good. My being here had nothing to do with it.”
Dean laughed and placed a hand on her shoulder, “you inspire me, Abby, what can I say?”
Looking past her, Dean dropped his hand back to his side and frowned ever so slightly before plastering on one of his most charming smiles.
Ever the perceptive one, Abby understood immediately and prevented herself from stiffening when Joey placed his arm around her waist none too subtly, and extended a hand to Dean.
“Wow, Dean Kirk, I can’t believe it!” He exclaimed shaking his hand.
“It’s nice to meet you.”
“Joey McDaniels,” he said cutting him off and giving Dean’s hand one final pump. “Thanks again for the seats man, they’re awesome!”
“Don’t mention it.” Dean smirked, “I was just telling Abby how excited I was about working with her. My uncle had a farm, so I’ve always had a soft spot for animals.”
“Well, you’ve got the right girl,” he teased, pulling her closer. “Abby’s the best at what she does, but I’m sure Riley told you all about that.”
Dean looked momentarily confused, but seemed to catch on rather quickly, “Riley, yeah, she talked a storm up about that shelter, I barely had to pry Abby’s name from her.”
“I’m sure,” Joey joked jarring Abby a little within his embrace. “Riley’s always one to gossip isn’t she Abs?”
Abby just stood there smiling for all the good it did, Dean seemed to be able to see right through her discomfort and excused himself to catch the attention of his other teammates and bring them into the conversation.
“I’m sure you recognize these knuckleheads,” he said pointing to each of his teammates. “But if not this is Donovan Pierce, and Peter Petrovic, and this over here,” he said clapping a tall dark haired man on the shoulder, “this is our saving grace, Francois Baudin.”
The introductions out of the way, Abby briefly explained her idea of doing a calendar and releasing it at an event just before the holidays. The guys were, of course, all on board, and full of ideas, telling Abby they’d get with Jean, their go-between person and have her send them over to Abby asap.
Distracted by Francois as he showed off pictures of his wife’s horses, Abby hardly noticed when Dean pulled Donovan aside for a few minutes, but she instantly understood his motives when Donovan guided Joey away from the group on a rouse of suggesting a tour of the locker rooms.
Waving to her, Joey said he’d be right back, and as soon as he left the room, she felt the heat of Dean’s palm sear into the small of her back.
“Alright guys, I think that’s enough for tonight,” he butted in. “We’ll all get with Jean sometime tomorrow and go over things, she needs to discuss our scheduling plans as it is.”
Peter and Francois shook her hand for the second time, told her how much they anticipated working with her, and took their leave.
Practically alone with Dean, as only a couple of other people waited around, hoping to catch the Captain's attention no doubt, Abby gulped and turned to face him.
When their eyes collided, Dean’s pupils contracted and his hand seemed to quiver ever so slightly.
“Thank you,” Abby managed to say, lost in his gaze.
“For what?” He asked smiling.
“For keeping up my charade.” She confided, looking down at the floor. “I didn’t tell Joey I met you that night.”
“I kind of figured that one out, but you’re welcome just the same I guess.”
“I’m sorry,” she said ashamed, “I should have told him, but I just...”
“You don’t have to explain yourself to me Abby, I’m just happy you’re here.”
She looked up at him and the breath caught in her lungs as he smiled down at her. How could he be so understanding? She wondered. “You amaze me, Dean.”
“How so?” he asked cocking his head.
“I’m not sure I can explain it,” she admitted, more to herself than him.
“Why don’t you try?”
Abby shook her head, “maybe some other time.”
“Okay, I’ll hold you to it,” he said motioning for a couple of chairs.  “We’ve probably only got a few more minutes before your boyfriend comes back.”
“That was pretty slick of you by the way,” Abby teased, taking a seat next to him.
Dean shrugged, “I do what I can.”
Tentatively, Dean reached out a hand and stroked the side of her cheek. “I couldn’t stop thinking about you Abby,” he confessed.
“Is that right?” She asked boldly placing her hand on top of his and cupping it against her face, Dean shuddered at the contact and forced himself to pull away. “I don’t want to interfere with your relationship Abby, but I want you. This is difficult, it’s unchartered waters for me, and I’m kind of at a loss.”
Feeling bereft once the heat from his palm subsided, Abby looked away wistfully. “I’m sure you’ll figure it out,” she whispered.
“Abby I..” Dean began just before Joey’s loud laughter was heard echoing down the hall.
They both stood up, quickly putting a few feet of distance between them, and Dean shoved his hands in the pocket of his pants as Joey approached with Donovan right on his heels.
“That was great!” Joey boomed, “Abby, you have to get them to give you a tour sometime! It’s a real eye-opener,” he continued, walking over to her side and collecting her to him. “Hey, where’d everyone else go?”
“They had wives to get home to,” Dean said with a shrug of his broad shoulders.
“Speaking of which,” Donovan cut in, breaking up the sudden awkwardness. “Amie’s coming over tonight, but it was really nice meeting the two of you! I guess I’ll talk to you soon Abby. Night Joey.”
They shook hands and Joey told him he hoped to run into him again in the future, and with that, it was just the three of them.
Before the silence could fester again, though, Dean thanked them for coming and excused himself once more, adding that he would get with Jean about Abby’s ideas and looked forward to working with her.
As she watched Dean's retreating form, Abby gave Joey a very brief smile trying her best to avoid meeting his eyes directly, for fear that she might break. Then at his insistent nudge, Abby leaned into Joey's embrace as they made their way out of the stadium and into the cool night air.
The two-hour drive back to Joey’s place was made, for the most part, in silence. Joey gave her a short play by play of what the locker rooms looked like and about his brief meeting with the Slasher’s highly sought after Coach Truski. Apparently, as far as Joey was concerned, the man was a genius and the next “Coach Q” in the making.
Abby wasn’t too familiar with many of the coaches in the league beyond their own, but pretty much every hockey fan in whatever stage of fandom they were in knew of the Chicago Blackhawks Coach Joel Quenneville, the man was a hall of famer in the making, and considered the best “chess player” in the league, one of the biggest reasons the Blackhawks were so hard to beat in a seven-game series. So by comparing Coach Turski to Q, Abby knew just where Joey was going with it.
While she was excited about Joey’s zealousness and more than thrilled that she had been able to show him a good night out, Abby was having a hard time concentrating on what he was talking about. She often just nodded or gave an automated response to keep him from catching on, though.
Seeing Dean in his designated post-game t-shirt and slacks, with his hair wet and rumpled and that cocky grin of his, had done something to her. Like starting a fire in a room full of newspaper, once it caught, there was just no stopping it. And when he touched her, when he said her name, the sparks had ignited. As much as she wanted to stand firm in her convictions that her relationship with Joey was far from doomed, seeing Dean again had effectively complicated matters. And all rational thought went right out the window.
When Joey came back from the locker room, thus ending her moment alone with Dean, Abby had to admit to herself that she had been disappointed, to say the least. She wanted to know what Dean had been about to say to her in the worst way. And she certainly wasn’t lost on the fact that she had actually felt quite uncomfortable by Joey’s sudden need to be possessive of her.
From the moment she locked eyes with Dean Kirk this evening, Abby knew she was making a big mistake. There was simply no way she could possibly work in close contact with him and not be affected by his wily charms. Surely it was too late to back out now though right? Although she sensed that Dean's motives were perhaps impure, there was no lack of genuine enthusiasm from the rest of his teammates.
And for that reason alone, if not for the fact that Abby thought she could more than capitalize on the extra media attention her cause and the shelter would receive from this arrangement, Abby was convinced there was no stopping what was already set in motion.
If she was going to come out of this with her relationship with Joey, let alone her own heart intact, then Abby was going to have to think long and hard about how she was to keep Dean and the emotions he stirred in her at bay. She knew of course that it was going to be no small task. And if the remainder of her evening with Joey was any indication, she realized she was in more trouble than she first thought.
Spurred on by the excitement of the evening, Joey seemed to pull out all the stops. Candles, flowers, wine, and his best dinnerware. He went all out to set the mood, cooking her favorite dish and turning on some light jazz hoping to inspire his guest of honor. It was of course to no avail. Abby hardly noticed the effort he had gone to, rather she was lost in her thoughts. The feel of Dean’s palm against her cheek haunted her. The way his pupils had expanded and contracted as he took in every inch of her face, how the colors swirled in a stormy passion had excited her.
So when Joey tried to subtly persuade her into the bedroom to continue what he thought was a romantic seduction, Abby politely feigned a headache and requested he take her home instead. Concerned rather than deflated, Joey agreed and with that the evening ended, and Abby was free to flee to privacy of her tortured daydreams where Dean Kirk had taken a commanding role.
Though Abby felt bad for snubbing Joey after all the trouble he had gone through to please her and put their fractured relationship to rights, as she stood outside her door and endured the rough handling he gave her while he crushed her mouth in what he considered a passionate kiss, Abby couldn’t help comparing him to Dean again.
The kiss she shared with Dean had been earth shattering, nearly tilting her on her axis, while setting her inner gravity level to zero and giving her a sense of weightless free falling. With Joey, however, she was coming to realize that he was never gentle nor truly passionate with her. Kissing seemed to merely be a formality to him on the way to getting his own ultimate pleasure.
For that matter, she concluded that their lovemaking had never veered too far outside what a prudent couple of past centuries might have engaged in. It was more of a routine to Joey. The same style, the same way, no deviances. And though Abby often found pleasure in their coupling, it was usually of her own doing, she knew her body, and thus she knew how to bring forth her own climax.
The further she dug in and tried to defend her relationship, the more Abby realized she was unhappy, and had been so for quite some time. It was the friendship with Joey that Abby was so desperate to hang onto at this point. She enjoyed his company immensely and it was when there was a true lack of any romantic undertones that Abby could admit she and Joey actually had fun together. But there was certainly more to a relationship than just having fun, wasn’t there?
It took all the effort Abby could muster to shut her brain down for the evening and finally succumb to her own exhaustion, but even in sleep Abby was denied the opportunity to forget about Dean and the predicament he had put her in. He took center stage in her dreams, threatening her with the passion she now knew only he could provide. Tempting her to fall under his spell and let her distress over Joey fall to the wayside. Whimpering in her sleep, she took Dean’s hand and allowed him to pull her under.

Chapter 8
A Little Philanthropy



The email from Jean came early in the week, as promised, different ideas and suggestions from Slashers team members were included for her to look over, and Jean took the time to draw out in detail for her the team’s upcoming schedules. They were set to leave for their circus road trip by the end of the week, and would be gone for two weeks as far as games went. There would be time in between games for phone consults and perhaps a free day during each week with which they might be able to meet in Savannah to talk face to face if it was convenient for Abby. Jean filled in on the calendar over a period of two months all the team practices and workouts, as well as including individual schedules in separate folders for each team member.
During their road trip there would be a two-day period, at the end of the first week and in the middle of the second week, in which the team would fly home at the conclusion of their game, practice in their own rink the next day, and fly out the following evening to their next location. Thus providing her with enough time, brief as it may be, to meet with the team in person if she was so inclined. In their individual folders, in addition to practices, games, charitable assignments, and workout schedules, Abby found contact information for each person as well as that of their Agent.
Being that it was already nearing the end of October, and Abby wanted to get a calendar made to distribute before the holiday was upon them, she cleared her own schedule over the next couple of weeks to be able to pour herself wholeheartedly into this project.
Originally hired as just a publicist, over the years Abby found herself taking on more and more responsibilities at the shelter. Budgets kept them understaffed, and so Abby, in addition to booking air time with the local radio and TV stations, drafting up newspaper articles, and keeping up with social media accounts, had taken on roles outside of her job description to fill in the holes. Since she was a dedicated foster parent herself, it only made sense that she took over the foster program entirely, besides, in her line of work, she already had more than enough contacts to get the job done.
In addition to that, Abby often helped to look over adoption contracts and place animals in suitable homes. And when the need arose, she pitched in during the intake process as well. So Abby was a busy woman, but knowing all the good this project would do, not just for the animals currently in the shelter but perhaps in the future as well if they could make this some kind of recurring thing, she decided now might be the time to approach her boss about hiring a couple of interns, at least for the time being, if not making it a permanent deal.
After sending an email to her manager with the intern proposal and her upcoming plans, Abby got back to Jean's email and proceeded to look over the last attachment she sent. She gave Abby a list of photographers and event planners they were willing to work with and ensured her that they would be covering the cost. Abby quickly skimmed through them and drew a star by the ones that were either the closest or had the best reputation, and made a note to call them and check their current bookings. With that out of the way, she sent a brief reply to Jean thanking her for everything and promising to get in contact again once she made decisions and could better coordinate schedules.
Just before shutting down her computer for lunch, Abby skimmed through the files once more and curiously landed on Dean’s. While his schedule didn’t deviate too far from those of his teammates, she found herself committing it to memory and went in search of his personal contact information. Once she landed on his phone number, however, her eyes bulged and her heart rate kicked up a notch. She immediately recognized the number and grabbing her cell phone flipped through the recent calls. Dean had called her over the weekend just before the game! Why? And hell, for that matter why hadn’t he left a message?
A million thoughts and questions buzzed in her brain, sending her head whirling. Abby caught hold of her emotions though and trampled them down. So what, Dean had called her. Big deal. She was overreacting and she knew it. There was surely a logical reason for him to call her, and she had to stop reaching for what wasn’t there. Until she figured out what to do about Joey, Abby had to set Dean and all feelings for him on the back burner.
Even if it killed her, Abby had to get her priorities straight. She knew it wasn’t going to be easy, working with Dean, and keeping it professional was a tall order to fill, but for the sake of the shelter and the animals she swore to protect, she’d damn well do it. Resigned to that fact, Abby resisted the urge to save Dean’s number to her address book and logged off her computer to go on her lunch break.
For the remainder of the week, Abby threw her all into getting the project off the ground. Working diligently with Jean, she accomplished a great many things. From booking a photographer, to meeting with the event planner, and even so as far as narrowing down a location and coordinating with a couple other shelters including one in Savannah to set a date for the adoption drive. Things were taking shape, and moving full speed ahead. A few interns had been hired as well to take over Abby’s load, and everyone in the shelter was pitching in to get things done.
In all of the confusion, Abby hadn’t realized she’d hardly said two words to Joey, but though he was miffed, he didn’t balk, and Abby pushed forward with her plans excluding him even further. She’d set up meetings with the Slashers both virtually while they were on the road and in person once they were back in Georgia, for pretty much every spare moment they had over the next several weeks, and booked them for an entire day the first chance they had to get the ensuing photo shoot out of the way
Perhaps she was spreading herself a little thin, but really, there was a lot to be done. Abby needed to get to know the players, and find out more about their personalities so that she could match them with the right animals, and of course, she had to narrow the field down from twenty- three to eleven. While she intended, for at least one of the photos, to include everyone on the active roster, for the other eleven months she wanted a one on one ratio of man to animal hoping to appeal more to her female clientele.
While dealing with the event planner, Abby had to decide just what kind of event she wanted. Some of the guys suggested a kissing booth and a dunk tank of all things, but the ideas were cute, and got her thinking that a carnival themed event at the arena itself wouldn’t be such a bad idea. Jean was immediately on board and gave her a list of available dates in early to mid-December that the arena wouldn’t be in use by the team or any other local event.
So after settling on the last Saturday before Christmas. Abby set upon the task of figuring out what else to include. Perhaps some skating and scoring exhibitions, puck signings and other photo and autograph opportunities as well as other types of tailgating style activities, and of course the featured animals themselves. Going through her list of adoptable animals, Abby had to comprise a spreadsheet of those she deemed ready and fit and others that needed more time and likely wouldn’t be ready by then.
To say she was distracted was an understatement at best, so when the day arrived that she was to drive into Savannah to meet with the team and discuss all that she had come up with, she feared she wasn’t nearly ready enough. Time had gotten away from her, and this day, this meeting, when the time had come to be face to face and possibly at some point alone, with Dean again had become a reality, it seemed as though it had snuck up on her surprising her from behind.
But as she pulled into the parking lot of the practice rink on the outskirts of town, Abby took a deep breath, gathered her things and steeled herself for what was to come. She could handle this; she could handle Dean. Or so she hoped.
Following the directions that were given to her by Jean, Abby entered an access door on the side of the building and walked down a narrow hallway that led to an office on the right and opened directly to the back end of the rink and another corridor with doors splitting off on each side of it. Adjusting the strap of the briefcase she carried on her shoulder into a more comfortable position, Abby shifted a notebook from one hand to the other and rapped lightly against the open office door with her free hand.
A sophisticated woman with short gray hair and soulful blue eyes peered up at her from behind thick black glasses, smiling and motioning Abby in.
“Ms. Clement, please, come in, have a seat.”
Abby nodded in acknowledgment and crossed the office to sit in the chair Jean indicated. Glancing briefly around the room, Abby took note of the team pictures and posters that donned the walls and noticed a lovely family photo on a bookcase otherwise filled to the brim and overflowing with books and magazines.
The atmosphere was more than welcoming and had a downright homey feel to it. Abby thought it was perhaps more so the vibe she got from Jean than it was the actual office itself. Though she appeared otherworldly and well read, Jean exuded a rather calming aura. She felt instantly relaxed in her company as if the two had known each other for years. It was a sense of homecoming for Abby, and the incredible weight pressing against her chest eased ever so slightly.
“Would you like a bottle of water? Or perhaps some coffee?” Jean inquired easily, as though she were talking to a good friend or a relative.
“No, I’m fine, but thank you,” Abby replied.
Jean shifted through a stack of papers on her desk, picking up a manila envelope and handing it over to Abby. “There are a few things I need you to sign, pretty standard stuff, mostly release forms, take your time with it, though, no rush.”
Abby nodded and took the envelope unzipping her briefcase and placing it inside.
“I really want to thank you for this Jean, you have no idea what this means to us,” Abby announced slightly less nervous than she was a few minutes ago.
Jean shook her head and smiled, “There’s really no need to thank me, Abby, It’s my job, and besides, I love animals.” She said holding out a picture to Abby. It was a lovely photo of Jean hugging a beautiful collie while a little girl, she supposed was her granddaughter, looped her arms around Jean’s neck from behind.
“Still,” Abby said. “You guys didn’t have to do this. I’m sure there are many other worthy causes seeking this organization's attention.”
“You’re absolutely right about that,” Jean affirmed. “But Dean wouldn’t have had it any other way, must keep our Captain happy right?”
Blushing, Abby looked away in order not to betray her feelings on the matter and uttered the appropriate response.
Jean stood then and motioned for the door, “shall we see what the guys are up to? They should be finished with their workout by now.”
Following her lead, Abby stood and walked with her down the back corridor as it curved around what she presumed to be the ice rink until they came to a set of doors back and to the left. Although she couldn’t make out specific voices or understand any of what they were saying, Abby could hear the boisterous sounds of the team beyond the doors as they carried on.
Jean knocked loudly on one of the doors and pushed it open slowly, poking her head in just far enough to be heard, “knock knock, everyone decent? Females coming in!” She shouted over the noise.
Abby heard a few low whistles and hoots just before someone, she thought it was Dean, yelled for everyone to be quiet and gave Jean the all clear.
The locker room itself was one large square room with a door along the back wall that Abby assumed led into the showers or perhaps a separate gym area. The middle of the room was completely open except for a couple of strategically placed benches, while along each wall was a row of what looked like a bunch of thin cubicles attached together. Each one had a small bench, with a bar above to hang jerseys and equipment. Two shelves containing helmets and various other articles of gear topped them off.
Seated at their individual stations, the guys were in different stages of undress and glistened with perspiration from their recent workouts. Though Abby could smell the faint odor of sweat, someone had thankfully tried to eliminate the worst of it by saturating the room with a strong masculine cologne.
Abby looked around at the different faces, trying to place the name of each player and giving them a smile as she nodded in acknowledgment of their greetings. When her eyes finally landed on Dean, who was smiling ruthlessly while leaning up against the side of his stall taping a stick, Abby felt her knees weaken just a little. Taking a breath, she ripped her gaze away from his and looked toward to Jean.
“Gentleman,” Jean began, commanding their attention. “Abby doesn’t have much time today; she has a meeting in town. So let’s keep this brief, don’t try to talk her ear off. Listen to what she says and if you have any questions, I’ll answer them later.”
With that, Abby had the floor and all eyes were on her once again.
Abby spent the next half hour explaining her vision. From going over the location and details of the event, to explaining how she wanted to incorporate the calendar and telling them in depth about how the photo shoot would work, Abby made sure everyone understood and for the most part agreed. While some of the guys seemed to grumble at the fact that not everyone could be in the calendar aside from the one team shot, they seemed to relish the idea of a kissing booth and a dunk tank making up some of the activities at the drive.
All in all, she considered the meeting a success. Abby spent a few minutes taking notes of various suggestions, and after shaking hands with most of the players, she scheduled a follow-up meeting via skype since they were going to be in Colorado, to discuss the final details for the photo shoot, and bid the team farewell. Abby followed Jean back down the hall, handed her the contents of her briefcase, minus the envelope she had received, and thanked her once more before saying goodbye and turning to leave.
Just as she reached the door she had entered the building through, Abby heard her name called from behind and turned around to see Dean come padding barefoot and rather quickly down the hall towards her.
Still wearing his pads from the waist down, Dean had thrown a light team issued sweatshirt on over his sweaty t-shirt and stopping just short of her, he ran his fingers through his tousled hair, inhaling deeply.
“I’m glad I caught you,” he announced as a smile spread slowly across his face.
“Oh? Is that right?” She replied, biting the inside of her lip to hide the pleasure his simple statement brought her.
Dean nodded, “I hoped you might join me for lunch.”
Abby’s lips parted slightly and she touched the tip of her tongue to the bottom of her eye tooth, cocking her eyebrow unconsciously. “I have a meeting in town with a PR manager for the Savannah Animal Welfare League.”
“And I need to shower, so it’s perfect!” He cut in, turning swiftly and walking away before she could object.
Abby stood for a moment, confused and slack-jawed, wondering what the hell had just happened as she watched him disappear down the hall. Slightly peeved, but running short on time, Abby denied herself any more than a minute to get her thoughts back on track and headed for the parking lot.
After a successful meeting across town, spent exchanging ideas and information, Abby thanked her contact for their time and made the brisk two block walk back to the parking garage. Though she had thought about her brief encounter with Dean the entire way to her appointment, wondering mostly about how he figured to take her to lunch if they hadn’t set a time or place, Abby left with a feeling of accomplishment and didn’t think of him now.
At least not until she approached the place where she had left her truck and spotted him leaning -large as life- against the door of her little pickup. He was wearing a white t-shirt and jeans, his hair was damp, and a pair of aviators hid the intensity of those deep green eyes that often haunted her dreams, but that cocky grin of his was ever present as he straightened away from her truck and uncrossed his arms.
“I was beginning to think I was at the wrong vehicle,” he said smiling upon her approach.
“And just how did you know where to find me?”
“You told me where you were going,” he said cocking his head and looking at her almost quizzically.
“Oh. Right.” She groaned trying not to blush.
“It was just a google away from there. And of course, I was only lucky enough to spot the Yulee Animal Rescue sticker on the back of your bumper. Never figured you for a truck kind of girl.”
“I have a horse, gotta have a truck,” she stated matter of factly.
Dean slid his aviators down his nose and peered over the tops at her, his smile nearly curling up at the ends in a Grinch Stole Christmas kind of way. “I knew that,” he said with a shrug. “So how about some lunch?”
Unlocking the truck door, Abby threw her briefcase in the passenger seat leaving the door open just enough to put some distance between them. Though she wouldn’t have said being in such close proximity to Dean made her feel uncomfortable, there was definitely a sort of electrical charge between them.
“What did you have in mind?”
“Just this quaint little place I know,” Dean replied, gently closing her door and taking the keys from her. He pressed the lock button and satisfied after the alarm beeped in acknowledgment of his command, tucked them into his pocket before nodding in the direction of a big black SUV. “Come on, we’ll take my car.”
A little annoyed by his high-handed treatment, Abby considered digging in her heels, but the idea was quickly squashed when Dean looped his arm around her shoulders and nudged her along with little resistance on her part.
Chapter 9
What's for Lunch?



Once corralled into the passenger seat of Dean’s Audi, Abby resigned herself to being a prisoner albeit an almost willing one and settled in for what she assumed to be a short ride into the downtown area of Savannah. However, as the city passed them by and they headed onto the freeway, Abby’s hackles rose, setting off little warning bells in her brain.
“Where are we going?” she asked suspiciously.
“To my place of course,” he beamed as though it were no big deal.
“Excuse me?”
“For what?” He asked innocently, as if he didn’t know what she was getting at.
“Dean, don’t you think the polite thing to do would have been to ask me if I minded going back to your place? What if I had plans?” she said, waving her hands in front of her as she continued to rave at him. “you know things to do... other than play prisoner to your little kidnapping game!”
“But you don’t have any other plans do you?”
“That’s not the point!” She huffed.
Dean looked over at her sheepishly and laughed, “You know Red, you’re kinda cute when you’re mad.”
Abby let out a frustrated little sigh and looked out the window. Clearly arguing with Dean over this matter was a futile effort. The man obviously just did whatever he wanted to.
As they left the highway and turned onto Butler Ave, Abby’s foul mood seemed to dissipate. She remembered Dean saying he lived on Tybee Island, but having never been there herself, she didn’t know what to expect.
Dean made a left on Center Street and drove until the road ended practically right at the water’s edge.
“Here we are,” he announced cheerfully.
The building before her was a simple four story in a pink beachy color with another building that looked to be a row of garages attached to the side of it, not at all what Abby had expected of a superstar athlete like Dean, but she supposed being right on the water, and next door to a restaurant named after Marilyn Monroe, the price tag was likely significantly more than her own modest home on a sparse three acres in the middle of nowhere.
“Wow, some view,” she said in awe as she looked out at the cool blue waters of the Atlantic. The beach had few patrons although the skies were clear and the temperature mild, and Abby caught herself wondering what it might be like to wake up to such a view every day. She imagined that once she finally pried herself out of bed, she’d likely never want to go to work, but rather explore the warm sandy beaches searching for shells as the gulls swooped and cried overhead looking for handouts.
Pulling her from her happy place, Dean gently wrapped his fingers around her elbow and guided Abby towards the building.
After a grueling four floor walk-up, Abby almost decided no view could be worth putting one’s self through that kind of torture every day, but once Dean opened the door to his condo and ushered her inside, she was speechless once more.
Though the place was minimally decorated and furnished, it had all the essentials, couch, lazy-boy recliner, a couple of end tables, and of course, a big screen TV over the exquisite marble fireplace. It was the large picture window facing the ocean that caught Abby’s attention, though. Rushing over to it, she placed her hands up against the cool glass and looked out over the beach below. Yeah, she’d brave four floors of stairs every day for a view like this.
Dean walked up behind her, but as she inhaled, stiffening in anticipation of his touch, he stuffed his hands in his pockets instead, “I get the same view in every room,” he said nonchalantly, his warm breath caressing the back of her neck as he spoke.
Abby turned to face him, her head barely reaching to his chin, “even in the bathroom?” She asked in wonderment, staring deeply into the sparkling green pools of his eyes.
Breathing in the sweet scent of her perfume, Dean stepped back a few feet and nodded, running a hand through his hair, “yup, even in the bathroom.”
He motioned towards a very comfortable looking tan sofa, and said, “I figured I’d order us some lunch from next door. Would you like some coffee or something while we wait?”
Abby took a seat near the far right corner of the couch and nodded, “sure, I’ll just take it black, though. Thanks.”
Dean gave a brief nod in acknowledgment and walked through a narrow hall into what Abby had glimpsed on the way in to be a luxury galley kitchen, he appeared a few minutes later carrying two plain red mugs of steaming coffee. Handing one to Abby he sat down near the middle of the sofa hoping to give her the appearance of enough space between them, while not being too far away that he couldn't reach out and touch her.
“I ordered us a couple of hot dogs, I hope that’s okay,” he told her setting down his mug and stretching out to get more comfortable.
Abby turned towards him, cocking one leg up on the sofa cushion and resting her arm on the back of the couch, “that’s fine.”
The two sat there assessing each other for a couple of minutes before Abby finally spoke again. “Why did you bring me here Dean?” she asked point blank, cocking an eyebrow and resting her head on the hand propped up against the couch.
Dean regarded her thoughtfully for a moment, “I just wanted to take you someplace where there wouldn’t be any… distractions.” He said with the slightest of grins beginning to bloom.
“Because you’re not distracting enough on your own?” she prompted, glowering at him underneath her lashes.
“Touché,” he replied laughing heartily.
The sound of that laughter wreaked havoc on Abby’s senses, clouding her head and her subsequent judgment. In the next instant, she found herself senselessly poking his rock hard abdomen.
“I’m still angry at you for not telling me where we were going!” she nearly bellowed as she continued to poke the bear.
Dean made a futile effort to grab at the offending finger, but Abby quickly retreated to her corner. “If I had told you, would you have come willingly?”
“I might have, but since you didn’t ask, you’ll never know.” She snorted turning her head away from him in frustration.
Dean reached over and cupped her chin in his palm forcing her to meet his gaze. His laughter died as their eyes met, and heat began to pool in his groin. Looking into her aquamarine eyes was like staring into a crystal clear spring. He knew if he dove in it would be cool and refreshing, but he couldn’t bear to spoil the pristine calm the surface of the water boasted.
Abby could sense a storm brewing in Dean, the colors swirled tumultuously around his darkened pupils, passion and desire simmering just below the surface. Gulping audibly, Abby waited for him to say something. Anything to break the trance she was falling under.
Dean wanted to kiss her, he wanted to show her exactly what she was doing to him, cool as a cucumber she sat there, all the while he battled his inner demons, doing his best to spare her virtue. He had to do something to lighten the mood, and fast, or they might both do something she would likely regret.
Quick on his feet, Dean shot her his trademark grin, “and what if I asked you to come to bed with me?” He said almost huskily. While the idea pleased him immensely, Dean figured it would be just the slight she’d need to snap out of whatever spell had been cast when they locked eyes.
With an indignant huff, Abby playfully smacked his hand away, and the moment was gone.
“Why you cocky son of a bitch!” she choked trying not to laugh.
Dean shrugged slouching back into the couch again, “figured I’d ask.”
A knock on the door ended the playful banter and stopped the insult Abby was about to fire off, standing, Dean crossed to the door opening it and taking a plastic bag from a slight woman with mousy brown hair who shot him her biggest smile and thanked him over zealously for his business.
Abby found the whole spectacle hilarious and couldn’t stop laughing as Dean came back to the couch and handed her a hot dog from the bag.
“And just what is so funny?” he inquired taking a seat beside her and tearing into his own food.
“She was practically drooling over you!” Abby eventually managed in between hiccuping laughter.
“Who? Darcy? I hadn’t noticed,” he replied waving off the comment and taking a bite.
Finally able to control herself, Abby let the matter drop and made quick work of her lunch. Dean did the same, and after dealing with the refuse of their meal, held out a hand to Abby with a mock bow. “Care to join me for a stroll on the beach?” He asked in a prim voice.
“Why certainly,” Abby agreed in her best Victorian accent, taking his hand and rising off the couch.
Seemingly taking up where they had left off that night in the park, they enjoyed their stroll together along the beach. Dean talked about his teammates and the kinds of things he liked to do in his spare time, while Abby told him more about Riley and their friendship over the years.
The topic of Joey or the kiss they’d shared never came up. But as they walked barefoot along the shoreline in the warm sand, Abby couldn’t deny the current of desire that pulsed between them. She felt it in the heat of his touch as he rubbed the calloused pad of his thumb back and forth across her palm. She heard it in the soft lilt of his voice. And when their eyes met, she saw the sparks popping in his gaze.
Time seemed to slip by rather quickly, and before they knew it, the afternoon had nearly faded into twilight.
Dean pulled up short almost crashing into Abby, “I guess I should get you back to your truck,” he said with a soft endearing smile as he looked down at her sun-kissed face.
“Yeah, I guess so,” she sighed.
The fading light played over Abby’s hair bringing out the different shades of red, and the sun had splashed a bit of color over her cheeks adding a rosy hue to her creamy white skin. But her eyes, oh god those eyes. Visibly swallowing, Dean suddenly forgot all about his scruples and protecting her virtue and pulled her up hard against the solid wall of his chest, as the breath whooshed from her slightly parted lips, he groaned and smothered her mouth in a passionate kiss that was, at least in his opinion, a long time coming.
Abby’s arms intertwined around Dean’s neck almost immediately as he proceeded to take the kiss deeper, greedily exploring her mouth with his tongue and battling her own for control. Colors exploded behind Abby’s eyelids and a soft mewling sound escaped from deep in her throat, driving Dean wild as she pressed closer to him for better leverage.
It was every dream she’d ever had come true, the darkened sky, the warm sand squishing between her toes, and the passionate kiss that set her loins on fire. Engulfed in the flames of his heated desire, Abby put everything she had into the kiss, giving and taking, moving fluidly in his arms.
His willpower finally getting the better of him, Dean slowly and reluctantly took a step back. Unwinding her arms from around his neck and still holding them with one hand he used his free hand to support her chin as he tilted it upwards so that he could look into her eyes.
“Abby, I’m so sorry, I lost my head for a minute,” he apologized softly with a sigh.
He knew he shouldn’t have taken advantage of the situation and her good mood, but he simply couldn’t help himself where Abby was concerned. Everything about her fascinated him. And perhaps he wasn’t actually sorry for the kiss itself, but as he searched her eyes and read the confusion in them, his heart broke. He couldn’t put Abby through this, he didn’t want to force her to make this kind of decision.
“I haven’t slept with Joey in over a month!” she suddenly blurted out more than a little breathlessly.
Dean shook his head to clear the cobwebs, “Why are you telling me this Abby?” He asked nervously, taking a step back and placing his hands on her shoulders as if to balance them both.
More than a little confused, Abby gave him a pained look, “I, I’m not sure.” She began, a little unsteady. “I guess I just thought you deserved to know.”
Dean looked at her almost blankly for a few minutes, forcing Abby to pull away, “Would you say something? Please? You’re scaring me Dean.” She pleaded.
The fleeting pang of rejection he saw just before she effectively masked her emotions with an awkward sort of laughter tore at him. Here she was practically giving him the go ahead, and he couldn’t decide whether to be thrilled or scared out of his mind. He wanted Abby, God did he ever, and the way she responded to his advances was more than enough of an indication as to how she felt about him, but he kept circling back to her damn boyfriend, and the thought of Abby in some sordid affair really grated on him.
Before he could continue to overthink things to the point of running his brain ragged, Dean made up his mind. Listening to his heart for once, he held out a hand to her, “Come with me Abby,” he coaxed softly. “Stay with me, just for a little while.”
Taken aback by the statement, Abby’s eyes widened in both shock and recognition. Perhaps a few details were a little backward, it was dawn instead of dusk, and the colors were fading rather than flaring up, but how many times had she heard that exact same line? Okay, maybe a couple of words had been changed or added, but it was practically the same scene that ran over and over in her subconscious mind any time she dared to dream.
All of the guilt, the pain, and the hesitancy fled from Abby’s thoughts when she reached out and placed her hand delicately into his. A feeling of warmth and comfort washed over her as she followed Dean back up the beach to his condo. Neither of them spoke as they entered the building and Dean closed the door behind them. Nor were any words necessary as he led her into the bedroom and turned the lights down low.

Chapter 10
Cheater Cheater Pumpkin Eater



Standing before her, breathing deeply, his chest rising and falling to the beat of her fluttering heart, Dean drank in the sight of her. Even fully clothed she was a feast for one’s eyes. Her cheeks flushed with color and her lips being parted and still partially swollen from their fevered kiss on the beach, it was almost too much for Dean, he felt his constraint snapping like a frayed piece of rope.
Tired of waiting for him to make a move, Abby grabbed at the hem of her blouse and tugged the silk garment up over her head, placing her fingers on the snap of her slacks next, while Dean just stood there, still as a statue, overrun with lust and a yearning he had never known before.
Paralyzed and unable to move, Dean watched as she quietly and efficiently deposed of her clothing one article at a time, allowing it to puddle at her feet in a pool of pastel fabrics. Her flesh was pale and translucent, he could see the blue veins running just below the surface of her alabaster skin, could almost feel her pulse beating to the rhythm of his own galloping heart. Swallowing, as his eyes visually ate up every inch of her body, Dean finally reached out to her pulling her close enough to lift her into his arms and gently lay her naked writhing form onto his soft downy sheets.
Abby giggled as he came down on top of her, his weight pressing her further into the mattress. “you still have your clothes on,” she gasped as he skimmed his fingers up the right side of her body.
“Shh..” he murmured, pressing his lips gently to the base of her throat and eliciting a moan from her. “I want to savor this moment,” he whispered against her heated and feverish skin, sending ripples of pleasure throughout her nervous system.
Dean was like a magician with his fingers, playing her body expertly as though it were a fiddle and he a master musician. His fingers made long luxurious strokes up and down the length of her torso, kindling the fire that was slowly building inside her. He pressed gentle but frenzied kisses along the delicate curve of her neckline, tracing her collarbone, and leaving a trail of flames in his wake.
As his hands made their descent to explore further below her waistline, he took the time to stop and pay special attention to her achingly taut nipples, pulling them into his mouth and suckling deeply. Abby groaned and arched into him, an inferno of desire with a hunger so strong she wasn’t sure how much more she could possibly take before her body broke under the intense pleasure.
But when his bewitching appendages finally found the point of her desire, and he began to slowly trace it in rotating circles, the tension coiled so tightly within her that her body gave way, and a fierce wave of all-encompassing pleasure ripped through her, sending her over the edge as the dam burst open.
Dean used his mouth to suppress her moans, flitting and twirling his tongue around hers as her climax continued to burn through her, leaving her spent and limp.
“Oh Dean,” she purred as he came up for air.
Dean let out a low chuckle, “honey,” he drawled, “I’m just getting started.”
Falling back onto the mattress, Abby sucked in a much-needed breath of air as Dean took a minute to pull off his shirt before sliding down the slick length of her torso and cradling himself between her thighs. Tucking his hands underneath her bottom for better access, Dean used his mouth in various and delicious ways to pull Abby closer to that imaginary edge once more.
With the pressure building quickly, Abby shoved her fingers into Dean’s hair and wriggled her hips in an attempt to quell the surging need for release that her body demanded. Nearly panting, Abby grabbed at Dean’s shoulders and forced him to meet her gaze.
“Please,” she mouthed silently, begging him to end the pleasurable torture he was inflicting upon her.
Suddenly aware of his own pressing hunger, Dean obliged her, and left the comfort of her warm and willing body to strip off his jeans and boxers, grabbing a condom from his nightstand and slipping it on.
Abby gasped as her eyes lapped up every inch of the imperial flesh that stood stark naked before her. Tanned and toned in every way possible, he was beyond magnificent, perhaps sculpted by God himself. She had never seen a body more beautiful, more deliciously tempting than the one standing just out of reach.
Abby held her arms out to Dean as a desperate urgency gripped her, “please..” she begged. “Don’t make me wait.”
Groaning, Dean reached out to her and pulled her up and into his arms, kissing the silky hollow of her neck, running his fingers tantalizingly up and down her spine. Grasping at his back, her nails digging into his hard slick skin, Abby moaned and let her head fall back to give him better access as he continued the onslaught, reveling in the spicy taste of her.
They tumbled back onto the bed together, Dean rolling her underneath himself and taking up residence between her sleek and shapely thighs, prodding her soft womanly folds with the apparatus of his burning desire.
Consumed by the fire as it burned out of control within her, Abby was lost to the fervor and helpless to stop the ecstasy from bubbling over as it surged to the surface. With one deft movement, she wrapped her legs firmly around his waist and willingly impaled herself, forcing his thick shaft to the hilt.
As her climax exploded, her muscles clamping and flexing around him, Dean let loose with a guttural sound and began thrusting wildly inside the warm, tight, sheath that enveloped him, giving himself over to the lustful sensations of his body. Though her own needs had ebbed, Abby continued to meet him tit for tat, arching her body into his, feeding his feverish hunger, stoking the flames as he reached for completion.
Just as she thought her own insatiable appetite had been sated, Abby felt the heat building again in the pit of her stomach, together they were like a raging forest fire, consuming everything in their path, as though nothing could contain the deluge. With one final thrust, they broke through the barrier together, spasms of euphoria one after another devastating every nerve ending, a climax so powerful, they thought for sure they would burst. It was a sensation unlike any Abby had ever felt before.
While they laid there in the aftermath, a tangle of arms and limbs, sated and spent, Abby drew the tips of her fingers along the width of Dean’s herculean chest, marveling as his muscles quivered under her touch. Looking up into his face, she noted that his eyes were drawn shut, and though his lungs were still forcefully pulling in air, he looked peaceful and serene, if not for the hand twirling about in her hair, she might have thought him to be asleep.
As if sensing her gaze on him, Dean lifted his head and met her stare straight on, giving in to an almost audible sigh of contentment.
Abby’s eyes suddenly widened in distress as she jumped from the bed, nearly falling over when she tried to untangle her legs from his and grabbed Dean’s t-shirt up off the floor hastily pulling it over her head. “Shoot,” she shrieked. “I forgot all about Rufus! I need to call Sam, I’ll be right back,” she said running into the living room.
Crisis averted, Abby sauntered back into the room a few minutes later, clutching the hem of his shirt and twirling her thumbs anxiously as she caught sight of Dean in all his naked glory. He was lying on his side, with his head propped up on his elbow, the sheets draped over his waist while his powerful thighs and muscular calves were crossed and nearly hanging over the edge.
It was like looking at a painting, a skillfully crafted portrait that Michelangelo himself might have delighted in.
“Everything okay?” Dean asked earnestly, “You left in kind of a hurry there.”
Abby closed the distance between them and slid back into bed beside him, pulling the sheets up and over them both as she snuggled closer and pillowed her head in the crook of his shoulder.
“Everything’s fine,” she murmured. “We have an arrangement now where Sam takes care of all the animals outside of Rufus, but since I don’t think I’m going to make it home tonight, and by now I’m sure he’s more than a little hungry, I just had to make sure she was okay feeding him too.”
Dean acknowledged her answer with a slight nod before bending down and pressing his lips to her shoulder, sending shivers of pleasure along the length of her spine.
“Ready for round two?” he rasped against her skin, using his tongue to trace small circles as he kissed his way along the smooth column of her throat, on his way to her mouth, luxuriating in the feel of her soft full lips.
Pulling her tongue into the heat of his mouth, Dean playfully sucked and nibbled it into submission, as Abby rewarded his efforts with a low moan from deep in her throat.
“Mmm,” she panted, struggling to clear the fog from her brain as he continued to drug her with his intoxicating lips, Abby maneuvered herself until she was on top of Dean straddling his lean hips. “My turn cowboy.” She teased.
More than pleased by the change in positions, Abby groaned as she felt Dean’s powerful shifter thrust into gear along the inside of her silky thighs, as if begging her to take him deep into the very core of her heated desire. Taking him into her hands, Abby led his throbbing tool into position and slowly rode the waves of rapture that overtook her.
Gripping her thighs and buttocks as she rode him harder than a bucking bronco, Dean’s head lolled back, an inaudible grumble erupting somewhere deep inside. He held onto her for dear life, his gaze never wavering while she braced her hands behind her on the mattress, her breasts thrusting higher as her taut body went suddenly rigid. She cried out fiercely when the orgasm burned through her, her inner muscles gripping him firmly, milking him for all he was worth. Finding it impossible to bear the intensity any longer, Dean’s body betrayed his willpower shattering into a million pieces as his own climax erupted, and he emptied himself into her fiery core.
Abby fell to the bed alongside him, gasping for air as she tried to regain control of her overwrought senses. Leaning over, she kissed him firmly in the middle of his chest, before rolling onto her side and pulling his arms around her in a spooning position. Without the need for words, they fell into a sound sleep in each other’s arms. More than satisfied by the extent of their lovemaking, Abby dreamt of simple things and the passionate man that often haunted her lay exhausted at her side without the unconscious urge to invade her private slumber.

Though they stirred several times throughout the night to bank the flames of the fire that burned quietly between them, Abby awoke in the morning feeling rested, to the brilliant light from the picture windows as the sun spilled over the horizon, casting shadows about the room. Dean’s arm was still wrapped tightly around her, and one of his legs was draped over her thigh, as she snuggled further into his intimate embrace, he yawned and pulled her closer, nibbling on her earlobe.
Abby giggled, “good morning.” She said, turning in his arms so that she could look up into his sleepy face.
His eyes held a dreamlike quality as he searched hers, “good morning yourself.” He replied huskily, before rolling on top of her and capturing her lips in a kiss so strong she felt it clear to her toes.
Dean climbed out of bed, and grabbing a pair of rumpled jeans off the floor headed for the bathroom, “care to join me in the shower?” He asked winking at her.
Abby pulled his t-shirt out from underneath her and threw it at him, hitting him square in the chest. “Haven’t you had enough?” she teased.
Dean gave her one of those cocky grins of his, “darlin, you’re like a smooth glass of whiskey, one is never enough,” he crooned.
Blushing as he pulled her to her feet, Abby followed him into the bathroom where they would spend the next hour getting dirty as they ultimately got cleaned up.
After a hurried breakfast, ordered from next door and delivered once again by a beaming Darcy, Dean apologized for having to rush and drove Abby back to her truck. Though Abby had already resigned herself to being late for work, Dean needed to get packed and catch a flight out to Boston for a game the next day against the Bruins.
So upon approaching the garage where she was parked, Dean kissed her thoroughly, and told her he would call her that evening. It was clear that little else needed voicing after the night they had spent together locked around each other in bed.
Bidding him a final farewell, and tying their tongues together for just a minute longer, Abby climbed out of his SUV and into her own little pickup, watching as he drove away. Leaning back into her bucket seat, Abby gave a little sigh of contentment before starting her truck and heading for home.

Under the guise of a last minute meeting, Abby went home and changed, making it to work for the second half of the day. As she would be missing her lunch break, Abby stopped at the local drive-thru, and upon walking into the office, she dropped a bag off on Riley’s desk that contained one of her friend's favorite apple pies.
“What’s this?” Riley questioned as she took a peek at the contents of the bag. 
Preoccupied with her fanciful thoughts of the night she was still trying to recover from, Abby simply murmured an incoherent response and continued down the hall and up the stairs to her office.
Setting her purse and briefcase down at her feet as she sat down in the chair behind her desk, it took Abby a minute before she realized Riley had followed her and was now standing in front of her tapping her fingers on the wood.
“And just what pray tell, has gotten into you this morning?” she asked curiously.
With that stupid smile on her face still, Abby knew she wouldn’t be able to bluff her way out of this one. So she didn’t bother trying, “Dean,” she said simply as if it required no further explanation.
“Dean what?” Riley demanded confused. She stood there waiting for an answer for a few more seconds before the meaning of Abby’s one-word utterance clicked into place. “Oh...my...God,” she smirked. “You mean you and Dean?”
“Mmmhmmm,” Abby cooed, cutting her off.
Riley covered her mouth with her hands and let out a whoop of joyous laughter, “When? How? I mean, wow…. Abby.” She could barely put together a coherent sentence as she just stood there staring her friend in astonishment.
“I know,” Abby finally managed. “After the meeting, we went to his place for lunch and ended up taking a walk down the beach. I don’t know Riley, it all just felt so right.”
Still clasping her hands to her lips, Riley shook her head and blew out a long low whistle, “Wow, just wow.
Abby laughed nodding and chewing on her lower lip. “Yeah, I know,” she reiterated.
Getting a grip on herself, Riley flopped down into the chair opposite Abby and rested her chin on her elbows over the desk, “okay, so tell me, what was he like?” she asked wiggling her eyebrows in a suggestive manner.
Abby made it a point of secrecy using her fingers to pretend she was zipping her lips and making a locking motion at the end, “Uh uh.” She said trying her best to be serious.
“Oh come on!” Riley shouted throwing her hands in the air for dramatics. “Give me something!” She pleaded.
Abby reached out and placed her hands on top of her friend's, “It was...magical.” She said at last.
Riley sat back, a Cheshire cat-like smirk blooming over her pixie face, “Wow, good stuff, but I can’t believe you actually broke it off with Joey, it’s about damn time.” She chuckled shaking her head.
Almost hissing as she sucked in air Abby’s face became distorted, “Yeeeaahh, about that.” She grimaced.
“Oh, Abby, tell me you didn’t!” Riley burst out, open mouthed and in shock.
Chewing the inside of her lips Abby nodded slowly and closed her eyes, “I did.”
Riley let out a loud sigh, “O-kay, well, I mean, you are going to break up with Joey now, right?” she said after a couple of minutes of uncomfortable silence passed between them.
Abby began playing with her hair, twirling it nervously around her fingers, “I think so,” she began. “I mean, yes, er, no, maybe? Oh gosh Riley, I’m so confused.” Placing her hands over her face, she whimpered into them as she rubbed her eyes.
Riley stood and circled around the desk to her, taking Abby into her arms and rubbing her hand along her back. “We’ll figure it out Abby, we’ll figure it out,” she said soothingly, trying to comfort her friend.
Abby looked up at Riley then, her face streaming with tears, “How can something feel so right one minute and so wrong the next?” She asked rhetorically shaking her head. “What am I going to do? I’m not this person Riley. Joey trusts me, and look what I did to him!”
Wiping the tears from her cheeks, Riley grabbed a tissue and handed it to her. “Maybe I’m not the best person to answer this, but if it were me, I wouldn’t say anything to Joey until I was absolutely sure, and even then, if you decide you still want to be with him, I wouldn’t tell him. If you’re not going to make a habit of it, and you can live with what you did, why hurt him?”
“That’s just it Riley, I don’t know if I want to be with Joey anymore,” she confessed. “We used to have so much fun together, but lately… and when I’m with Dean… it’s so different ya know?”
Riley laughed softly, “well, Dean and Joey ARE about as opposite as you can get.” She chided.
“I guess you’re right,” Abby agreed, smiling a little.
Giving her a little tap under her chin, Riley began to grin as Abby finally appeared to regain some of her composure, “if you’re going to take any advice from me at all,” she advised. “Let it be this, put a little space between you and Dean, but let him know why, and go out with Joey one more time. Make a big deal out of it ya know? Let loose and have some fun. And when it’s over,” she said shrugging. “You should know where you stand.”
Abby thought about that for a moment, staring blankly at her friend. “Wow Riley, that was… a very astute and wise observation.”
Pursing her lips, Riley made a shrugging gesture with her hands, “meh, I have my moments of clarity.” She joked.
“No, it’s a good idea, Riley. I think maybe, once I’m done with at least the photo shoot, I’ll see if Joey wants to have an all-day date night, let him decide on everything. At least that way I’ll know what to expect from him going forward.”
Nodding Riley agreed, “That’s what I would do.” She said, standing and tapping once on the desktop, “I have to get back to work, don’t be so hard on yourself though okay? You’re only human.”
Abby smiled pleasantly as she watched her leave. Riley was right, she was human, she was flawed, and she was allowed to make mistakes, no matter how big they seemed at the moment. Resourceful as she was, Abby knew she’d find a way to get through this.
On the one hand, she a boyfriend she enjoyed spending time with, someone she felt she could have a stable comfortable life with. And on the other, she had a man that knew how to make her feel like a woman. He brought out a passion in her she didn’t know she was capable of. He made her want more, for herself and for her future. But when she thought of Dean and his career, she didn’t know how they’d make it work. There wasn’t nearly the level of stability she felt with Joey.
Forcing her brain to cooperate, Abby made it through the rest of the day, and even managed to cook dinner that night for her and Rufus, going about her other daily routines with relative ease despite the storm raging through her. Though she knew she was going to have to make a decision sooner rather than later, Abby was glad she would be too busy to think about it over the next week as she prepared for the upcoming calendar shoot.
It would, however, bring her into close proximity with Dean again. But perhaps that would be the time to let him know she needed a little space, without his outside influence clouding her judgment to make a decision about the future of their relationship if there was going to be one.
Chapter 11
We Need to Talk



Abby plopped onto the worn sofa in the break room and breathed deeply. She felt like she hadn’t had a moment of rest in forever. The past couple of days were finally catching up with her as she ran out of steam.
“Got a minute Abby?” A plump grandmotherly looking woman asked popping into the room.
“Sure Dianne,” Abby replied, pulling herself into a sitting position and combing her fingers through her hair. “What’s up?”
“I just wanted to touch base with you.” She said flipping through pages on a clipboard. “We haven’t had a lot of time to talk since you plowed into your newest venture, and I wanted to make sure you knew how much we all appreciate what you’re doing.”
Abby waved a hand dismissively, “It’s my job Dianne, I’m just doing what you hired me to do.”
“You’ve gone far beyond the expectations for what I hired you to do Abby. I can’t tell you how many donations and requests we’ve received lately, and all we’ve done is a photo shoot! We haven’t even gotten to the actual adoption drive or calendar distribution yet! And yet the press is all over us!” She gushed, looking ecstatic.
“Really, Dianne, it was a freak thing, I didn’t expect any of this either.”
Dianne shook her snow colored head, “Say what you will, but this wouldn’t have happened any other way. Anyways, I have to get back to my desk, thanks to you, I have a voice mailbox full of calls to respond to!”
Laughing to herself as Dianne left her once again in solitude, Abby sunk back into the frayed fabric cushions and closed her eyes. She had a ton of things to get done, but as far as she was concerned taking a power nap wasn’t going to change anything.
She needed to get in touch with the person in charge of public affairs at the Savannah Animal Welfare League, and make sure they were still on board to join Yulee at the adoption drive next month, and she had a couple of contracts to look over and sign as well. On top of that of course, she also needed to see to the day to day things she had been putting off since taking charge of her latest project. Even with the help of the interns, she was still swamped, her inbox overflowing.
While she certainly couldn’t regret what she had gotten herself into, she was surprised to realize just how much time and effort it was taking her to see it all through.
The photo shoot alone was controlled chaos at best, having a team of attractive hockey players swarming the place created mass hysteria throughout the women that worked at the shelter.
Abby had originally suggested they use a park down the street as the locale for the shoot, but after taking a tour of the grounds and seeing the “meet and greet” facilities as they called them, the photographer decided that having the photos taken there at the shelter using that room for the backdrop was the way to go.
So after squeezing mounds of photo equipment and lights into the sparsely furnished room designed to make potential adoptees and the animals they were considering adopting comfortable while they interacted, crews began decorating it according to the month for which they were shooting.
Compliments of the Slasher’s organization, a full breakfast, and lunch buffet had been catered and a professional groomer was hired to attend to the four-legged stars selected to be featured. The men, of course, had a gaggle of stylists themselves, further crowding the already cramped shelter. Not being extremely vain herself, Abby didn’t realize the amount of work it took to make a man look good in front of the camera.
She never would’ve guessed they’d have someone attend to their hair and makeup. Makeup! These guys were wearing makeup! Abby had been truly flabbergasted to see women with crazy red and purple hair, fussing about these uber-masculine guys, fluffing and spraying their hair into submission as they powdered their noses to reduce shine and hide the appearance of blemishes. But my oh my, the finished product was dazzling! Twenty-two hot and well-muscled athletes posing before the camera with cute and fluffy kittens, or smiling brilliantly as sweet and shy pups licked at their faces.
Dean, however, had yet to arrive. Due any time, as he had had a prior engagement he couldn’t get out of, Dean was set to shoot the group photo and then get decked out for Saint Patty’s for his individual role as Mr. March. Though she had been busy all week, Abby and Dean had spoken to each other several times over the phone in between Dean’s travel and road games, thus ending the rest of their circus trip. He had a few home games coming up, including one against their now arch nemesis, the Chicago Blackhawks, and the topic of conversation during their phone calls never seemed to stray far from work for either of them.
Sure there were the how do you do’s and the I really miss you’s, but Abby tried to keep things light. They didn’t discuss the enchanting day they had shared, and Dean, ever the gentleman, never questioned her about Joey and their relationship. Abby wanted so badly to talk to him about it, and the decision she was ultimately going to have to make, but she could never bring herself to it.
Part of her said it was because Dean would obviously be biased, but the logical and practical part of Abby knew it was because she was afraid to face it herself. Dean might be perfectly capable of weighing both sides of the argument with her, despite his own personal feelings for Abby, but she couldn’t chance it, she couldn’t admit to herself, let alone to Dean that for all intents and purposes, her relationship with Joey was already over.
She was falling for Dean, fast and hard, hell, she was half in love with him already. But after three years, she owed it to Joey and to herself to give him one more chance to prove to her that they had a future together. Didn’t she? Surely his loyalty to her had to count for something!
Pushing herself off the couch, Abby made her way over to the coffee bar and poured herself a cup, almost scalding her tongue in the process as she seemingly forgot that it would be hot and tried to take a large gulp of the steaming liquid.
“Careful, it’s hot,” an incredibly husky and sexy voice laughed from behind her.
Abby turned, nearly spilling her coffee as she came face to face with her maker. Sinfully handsome in a suit, Abby just stared at Dean, unable to find her voice. Amusing him all the more as he closed the distance between them and placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Hey,” he said softly.
“Hey yourself,” she smiled, finally finding the strength to talk.
Dean took the cup from her, setting it aside as he pulled her into his arms for a long crushing embrace. “I’ve really missed you,” he said whispering into her hair.
Abby sighed and went boneless in his arms, luxuriating in the feel of his warm body as he wrapped himself around her filling her with a delicious heat. It was so easy for her to feel right at home. She hadn’t realized just how much she’d wanted to see him, no, needed to see him again. She knew now she’d only felt half alive in his absence, and it only made things harder, more confusing even.
Pulling away slowly, Abby looked up into his deep green eyes, sparkling at her like emeralds. “I’ve missed you too,” she heard herself say. “But Dean, we need to talk.”
“Okay,” he replied, sadness washing over him briefly as he struggled for control of his emotions. ‘We need to talk’ was never a good thing. And while he had been preparing himself for it, perhaps even shoring himself up for the hurt she’d eventually dish out, Dean had hoped it wouldn’t come to this. So before she could burn him with goodbye, he whisked her out of view, and pushed her back against the wall, “We can talk,” he crooned, “but first…”
The protest Abby was about to make died before it ever reached her lips as Dean overtook her in one fell swoop. The kiss devastated her senses, sending her hormones into overdrive and causing her body to go limp in his arms.
Breathless once their lips broke contact and they came up for air, they took gasping lungfuls of oxygen in as their chests heaved in unison, their foreheads resting against one another, while their panting began to slow.
“Do you think it'll always feel this way?” she mumbled incoherently.
Laughing, Dean cupped her cheek and smiled at her, “I think there’s a good chance it will.” He said before sighing, “alright Red, what did you need to talk to me about?”
Abby’s mood went from wistful and dreamy to downright sullen, and Dean’s heart couldn’t help but ache for her as he watched the exchange of emotions flit across her face.
“I think I need some time Dean.”
“Time for what Red? What exactly am I dealing with here?”
Abby looked at him, tears welling up in her sea blue eyes, “I need to figure things out. But when you kiss me like that, when you touch me even just slightly, I can’t think. You’re convoluting my thoughts Dean, and if I’m ever going to figure out what I want, I can’t be around you.”
Dean took a step back and shoved his hands in the pockets of his slacks, “I see. And how much time do you think you need Abby? I’m not a very patient man, but I’m trying to be, for you.”
“I don’t know,” she said shaking her head. “Riley suggested I go out with Joey, at least once, give him the chance to show me a good time, you know? Let him decide on everything without the undue pressure of our affair lingering over him of course, and see how I feel after that.”
Frustrated, Dean shoved a hand through his hair, mussing up what had probably taken the stylist at least half an hour to concoct. “You can’t be serious Abby,” he countered. “You can’t possibly expect me to be okay with this. How am I supposed to be okay with this Abby?”
“I need to do this Dean.”
“You all but told me it was over! You said you hadn’t slept with him since before we met!” he argued passionately. “And now, I’m just supposed to stand by patiently while you jump his bones? So you can test the waters one final time trying to decide who’s better?”
“Dean! It’s not like that! That’s not what I said!”
“No? Then what ARE you saying Abby, because I’m more than a little confused.”
Abby turned away from him, she couldn’t bare the pain she saw in his eyes, she didn’t want to hurt him, but she needed to be sure. “I never said I was going to sleep with him Dean, in fact, I don’t think I even can. He tried you know, and I turned him down, I kept turning him down.”
“Then why are you even doing this Abby? What’s the point?” He asked stepping in front of her again, forcing her to meet his stubborn gaze
“I just need to know for sure Dean.” she cried, lowering her head to look at the floor. “I need to know that this, you and me, isn’t a mistake. I need to make sure I’m ready to commit to you. I don’t want turn around and hurt you the way I’m going to end up hurting Joey.”
“Abby, look at me Abby,” he pleaded after a long moment, hooking a finger under her chin. “I trust you, Abby, if you think you need to do this, to prove to me or to prove to yourself that you’re ready, then I’ll give you some space. But don’t wait too long.”
She smiled through her tears and nodded as he lowered his head and gently kissed her before walking out of the room and into the ensuing chaos of the photo shoot beyond.
She had hurt him, and she knew it, but she also knew there was no way to prevent it, she had to do this.
As the rest of the shoot wound down around her, and the players went about their way, Abby got through it on auto-pilot, casting pitiful glances back at Dean when she thought he wasn’t looking. But he saw her, and he saw the sorrow in her eyes. He felt her pain as deeply as if it were his own.
He couldn’t understand why she thought she needed to do this, or what she was looking to prove, but because he loved her, and yes, he could easily admit to himself that he did, had, in fact, loved her from the moment he laid eyes on her, he would force himself to be patient with her. He would give her the time, and a limited amount of space to allow her to work through her feelings. Because in the end, he was confident that she once she did this, she would realize she loved him, as much as he loved her.
But since he wasn’t a betting man, Dean vowed to himself that he wasn’t going to give her so much space that she could put him out of her mind altogether, just enough to give her the illusion she was asking for. That’s all it really was anyways, she didn’t want him to go away and leave her alone any more than she actually wanted to go out with Joey, she just thought she did. What was it she had said? He convoluted her thoughts?
Well, he didn’t know about that, maybe he overwhelmed her a little, came on strong and all that, but he was in love with her, crazy in love, and he wouldn’t allow her to compartmentalize his feelings for her, or hers for him. He’d give her a couple of days, but sure as shit, he’d find a way to get near her again before she ultimately went out on this ‘date’ with Joey. He’d make sure she kept him in her thoughts all right.

As the next few days rushed past her in a blur, Abby kept herself as busy as humanly possible. She ignored all outside influences and poured herself into her work. The photo shoot had been a major success, pulling in both local and national media attention. There were sports articles and human interest pieces written about it almost daily, bringing in donations and offers for adoption from all over the US.
Four of the animals from the shoot had even been adopted by the players who took pictures with them, to include a very hard to place special needs Dalmatian named Shylo, whose owners had given her up as a puppy when they found out she was deaf. Though she was a sweet dog, her advancing age and disability had made her difficult to match with the right home and she had even been brought back several times already.
After being featured with Mr. December however, Francois Baudin and his lovely wife Denise had fallen in love with her, and decided she’d fit in perfectly on their small farm, insisting they would get started immediately on the appropriate training needed to communicate with her. Abby had a feeling it would work out for her this time, and was more than happy that Shylo would finally get the loving home she deserved.
And if all the contracts flowing in were any indication, Abby figured they’d probably have to pull animals from other shelters nearby to take to the upcoming event, as dogs and cats were leaving her shelter left and right, it was the emptiest they’d ever been. But Abby couldn’t have been happier or more proud of the job she had done, no matter what it had cost her emotionally. And with that, the war raging in her heart, between what she wanted and what she had, took front and center once again in her thoughts. All it took was just the merest mention of Dean or even anything that reminded her of him and he polluted her mind.
Abby shook away the image of Dean floating into her conscious mind as a knock sounded at the door. Looking up, she smiled while cringing inwardly when Joey walked in. He obviously had a lot on his mind as he sat down in front of her, a look of consternation working over his boyishly handsome features.
“Hey Abby,” he said sullenly.
“Joey, hey. What are you doing here?” she asked softly, looking down to check her watch, thinking it might be time for lunch. Though it was nearing ten ‘o'clock, she had at least another couple of hours' worth of work to get through before she took a break.
“We haven’t talked very much lately,” he said with a slight vehemence. “I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
Abby could almost see the tension radiating off Joey in waves, he was clearly bothered by something, and though it was true that they hadn’t communicated lately as much as they normally did, surely there had been stretches in the past, like when Joey had gone off on various family trips or work conferences, where they had gone without talking for days, perhaps even a week at time. So she wasn’t sure what to make of his newfound attitude, but she didn’t like it, she knew that much.
“Have you seen the news lately? I’ve been really busy Joey. We’ve got a lot going on around here.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen it alright,” he ground out in disgust.
“Joey,” she prodded sweetly, “What’s the matter?”
“Damn it, Abby, I can’t compete with him!” He suddenly exploded.
“Huh? Who are you talking about?” She asked perplexed.
“What? Them, I meant to say them,” he said pacing in front of her desk like some sort of caged animal.
“I’m still a little confused, what is this all about Joey?” She asked trying to calm him down.
Throwing his arms up in frustration, Joey continued his rant, “this damn event Abby, it’s taking up too much of your time, I haven’t heard from you in over a week! A WEEK ABBY!”
“I’m, I'm sorry Joey, but I told you this was really important to the shelter, it’s going to help a lot of animals.”
“The animals, it’s always about the fucking animals!”
“It’s my job, Joey,” she pleaded, standing up and leaning her hands on the top of the desk to steady herself. “When the event is over next week, I’ll have more time for you, for us.”
“It’s not just this event Abby! It was the last event, and the one before that, and then there will be another one!” Joey stopped and slammed a fist down against the scarred wood of Abby’s desk, rattling a coffee mug. “I can’t do this right now,” he shouted before walking out the door.
Confused and hurt Abby slumped into her desk chair and stared blankly at the open doorway. Moments later Riley walked in looking just as baffled if not a little concerned as well.
“I just ran into Joey out in the hall, he seemed pretty upset. Is everything okay?” She asked.
“What?” Abby blurted, trying to regain her focus. “Yeah, I mean, I don’t know. I guess he was just blowing off some steam. We haven’t seen very much of each other lately.”
“Oh, well Dean’s on line one,” she replied gravely. “I was going to page you, but I thought, well, with Joey here, I’d better come in and tell you.”
After reaching over the desk and giving Abby’s hand a quick squeeze, Riley headed for the door, “you don’t think he knows do you? About you and Dean?” She asked turning around before she rounded the corner.
“I’m not sure,” Abby answered watching the blinking light on the switchboard. “I should probably get that.” Riley nodded and walked away.
Abby picked up the phone and connected the call, “hello?” She spoke somberly into the receiver.
“Hey Abby, it’s Dean, I’ve got some great news, is now a good time?”
“Not really, Joey and I just had a really big fight,” she said with a sniff trying to hold back the tears in her eyes.
“Gosh Abby, I’m sorry to hear that, is everything okay?”
“I’ll just bet you’re sorry,” she sneered.
“Oh come on Abby, that’s not fair!”
“You’re right, you’re right” she admitted. “I’m sorry, I’m just a little flustered. What’s the good news, Dean?”
Backtracking a little, Dean took a moment before answering, “I got the proofs back from the photo shoot. I thought I’d bring them to your office since I’ve got a little time off. Maybe see if you wanted to grab some lunch.”
Abby pinched the bridge of her nose, she had to get out here for a little while, and perhaps Dean was just the sort of distraction she needed. “Yeah, Okay. That sounds nice,” she heard herself saying.
“Great, I’ll be there in a couple of hours to pick you up,” he said just before disconnecting the call.
She didn’t know what had gotten into Joey this morning, but she knew whatever it was, it wasn’t anything good. She realized that going out with Dean probably wasn’t the best idea given the circumstances, but to hell with it, she thought. She was too worried about the feelings of those around her, maybe it was time she did something for herself. Even if that something would probably make things worse in the long run.
Chapter 12
Angela



As promised, a couple of hours later, Dean arrived in his SUV and whisked Abby away from the office with little fuss from her staff of newly adoring Slashers fans, for her hour long lunch break.
After a quick stop at the drive through of a local fast food joint, Dean pulled into the lot of a park down the road from where Abby worked.
“Fast food Dean? Wow, you really know how to show a girl a good time,” Abby joked as he came around and opened the door for her.
“You only have an hour right?” He argued, “I couldn’t very well take you Olive Garden with so little time could I?”
Handing her the paper bag containing their lunch, Dean reached behind Abby’s seat and pulled out a small duffle bag before closing the door and setting the car alarm.
“I guess not,” Abby admitted looping her free hand through his elbow and following him to a picnic table nearby.
Dean quickly divided up their burgers and fries, and reached into his duffle to extract a couple of bottles of some fancy sports drink he no doubt probably carried with him everywhere. And after a silently companionable lunch, Dean pulled out a small package and handed it over to Abby.
“What’s this?” She asked opening the lid tentatively.
“The proofs,” He replied matter of factly.
“Oh, right, the proofs.” Abby blushed, embarrassed by her momentary lapse in memory. She was fully enjoying Dean’s company, and had seemingly forgotten that his whole reason for being there was business related. It wasn’t a date, just two people that needed to eat sharing a lunch together while time permitted. But Abby figured if her deranged mind wanted to believe Dean was here just to take her to lunch, rather than to get her approval of the pictures for the calendar, and despite the fact that she had told him she needed time away from him, then what was the harm in indulging in the notion no matter how foolish, just for a little while?
Sitting across from each other at the picnic table with their heads together in the center, they flipped through the proofs and made various comments as they studied each image. Abby was thrilled with the way they had turned out, and had high hopes that the calendar, once finished and presented to the public, would sell like hotcakes to a starving crowd on Sunday morning.
When they came to the photo of Dean, Abby looked up to see a flush of color tinge his cheeks and began to giggle.
“Are you embarrassed by this photo Mr. Kirk?” She asked innocently enough, trying to stifle her continuous laughter.
It was in Abby’s opinion, a very flattering photo of Dean. Chosen to be Mr. March, as that was the month he was born in, and really, with those eyes of his, green was so obviously his color, he was dressed in suit with the collar undone to just barely expose a hint of that magnificent chest, and he sat on the floor with one leg cocked and the other straight out in front of a couch draped in a white blanket covered in shamrocks.
He was holding a mug of green beer in one hand and had his free arm folded around a large mastiff mix named Abbott, who wore a shamrock collar, and sat contentedly at his side while licking his cheek. Dean’s eyes were half closed and a warm -and most certainly genuine- smile spanned the width of his handsome face, exposing his exquisite dimples in the process.
It was a photo to frame and place on one’s mantle, of that she was absolutely sure. And Abby figured girls and women everywhere would be cutting this from the calendar to pin to their bedroom walls or office cork boards once the month of March had passed.
Dean shook his head, “I don’t know what I am.” He confessed laughing and trying to push the picture to the back of the pile.
“Stop that!” Abby gasped, pulling it out of his hands. “It’s a great picture Dean, women are going to love it!”
“You think so?”
“I know so!” She assured him.
“What about you Abby, do you love it?” He asked with a sheepish grin.
Abby smacked him playfully on the shoulder, “don’t you dare ask me a loaded question like that!” She scolded lightly as she fixed the stack of pictures and placed them back in the box.
Dean continued to grin at her as he reached into the duffle bag again and pulled out a large checkered blanket, “we’ve still got about half an hour before you have to be back at work, care to spread out a little and stare at the sky with me?”
Tucking her hair behind her ear, Abby smiled and nodded, “sure.”
Dean spread the blanket on the ground in front of a large oak tree so that they were shaded but could still see the sky, and helped Abby onto it, sitting down himself a couple of feet away from her.
After a few awkward moments spent staring off in different directions, Abby scooted closer to Dean and shuffled herself into a prone position before rolling over onto her back, “When I was little, I used to lay down in one of the pastures at my grandparents' place, and just watch the clouds drift by. Did you ever do that?” She asked almost wistfully.
“Yeah,” he answered softly as he looked down at her smiling face. “My sister and I would point out the shapes they made, she always did have a wild imagination.”
Lying down beside her, Dean looked thoughtfully at the clouds above them and pointed out one to Abby that looked remarkably like a teddy bear. They spent the next several minutes picking out the different shapes in the sky, laughing and just enjoying the quiet solitude they found in each other.
Rolling onto his side to face her, Dean couldn’t resist the sudden urge to touch the soft copper curls that fanned out around her head. He began rolling it gently in between his fingertips as he contemplated kissing her again.
“Is this your natural hair color?” He asked instead, to occupy his idle thoughts.
“Mmmhmm,” she purred thoroughly enjoying the sensation of him playing with her hair.
“But your last name, Clement, it’s French isn’t it?”
Propping herself up on her elbow to face him, Abby replied sleepily. “Yes, my father’s family is from Quebec. But my mother, she’s Irish and Scottish.”
“Ahh, a double ish. So she’s the redhead then?”
“No, strawberry blonde, just like her mother. But my grandad, he puts carrot top to shame!” She said with a lilt of laughter in her voice as she continued. “My mother’s grandparents were both straight off the boat from their homelands. Came to Florida, drawn by the need for the sun, and the coastal fishing, made lots of babies, and presto, my grandad met the love of his life and had my mother.”
“And your father?” Dean pressed gently.
“Oh, his hair was dark as night, a true Frenchmen, well French Canadian anyway. His father came from a long line of butchers, he made his way to Florida to flee from the harsh Canadian winters and fell in love with the local fisherman’s daughter. She was of English descent; I think her maiden name was Smyth. Anyways, they got hitched, and my grandfather bought himself a nice cattle outfit down in Suwanee. My parents were high school sweethearts.”
“Wow, so how did they end up in Georgia?”
“Dad took a management job at a car dealership a friend of his owned,” she said smiling. Talking about her family was always a good subject in her opinion. Even though her father was gone, she had many lovely memories of him to fall back on and chase away the grief.
“And what about your family, Captain Kirk?” Abby teased, giving him a mock Vulcan salute and immediately falling to the ground in a fit of laughter as he gave her a rather unamused glare.
“You only get one of those,” he admonished a mere second before he reached over and began tickling her sides, extracting another round of laughter from her.
“Okay, okay,” she squeaked, holding up her palms in surrender. “I’m sorry, I just couldn’t help myself.”
Laughing along Dean rolled away from her, “You’re forgiven. Now, what was the question?”
“Your family, the last name, it’s Irish as well isn’t it?”
Calmer now, Dean, shook his head and took a minute before answering, “I’m sure it is, but several generations removed I’m afraid. I’m what you would call a mutt, on both sides of my family.”
“Ah, a true American.” Abby jested with approval.
“Something like that.”
“So who do you resemble more, your mother or your father?”
“A little of both I guess,” he said picking a blade of grass and twisting it around in his fingers. “My father has the darker coloring, but I have my mother’s eyes and her dimples. She’s blonde, like my sister Whitney, except she has dad’s Hazel eyes. Dad probably has some Native American in him, while my mom is more Slavic in looks I suppose.”
“Sounds like a good looking couple. You said your mother remarried, how old were you when they got divorced?” she prodded treading lightly. “If you don’t mind my asking of course?”
Dean shook his head, “Not at all. I was hardly more than a teenager, but I knew it was coming. Don’t get me wrong, they loved each other, but they had my sister and me real young, probably never should have gotten married in the first place. Sometimes love just isn’t enough, ya know?”
Plucking another blade of grass in an attempt to tie it together to the first one, Dean continued, “Ted, that’s the guy my mom married, he’s a good guy. My sister and I are both happy with her choice. Now if only my dad could find another woman. He swears he doesn’t want anything permanent in his life, not after what he went through with my mom, but I know better, he’s just waiting for the right one.”
Listening to Dean talk about his family, broken as it was, Abby thought about her mother, and the sadness she often sensed in her. She could easily empathize with Dean and how he felt about his father. But at least Dean’s dad was out there dating, Abby’s mother hadn’t even looked at another man since her father died!
After a few moments of silence had passed between them while they remained laying on their backs next to each other on the blanket they had spread out over the grass, Abby turned to face him again. “Dean, can I ask you something?”
“Sure Red,” he replied chewing on the blade of grass he still held.
“Tell me about Angela,” she said. Abby had wanted to know more since she’d read that article about her death, and now seemed as good a time as any to ask.
“Angela,” Dean snorted. “What about her?”
“Well,” she began, taken aback a little by his response. “You two were engaged right?”
Dean rolled towards her leaning on his elbow, “No Red, we weren’t engaged.”
“But the article?” she queried.
“Yeah the articles,” he ground out in disgust. “They all said that. We’d actually broken up about a month before the accident. But her parents never could let go, it was just easier to say we were engaged, link us together, me being the golden boy and all you know.” he sneered. “I just didn’t have the heart to tell them the truth. She was gone, so what did it matter?”
“And, what is the truth, Dean?” Abby asked softly, inching closer to him.
“The truth was, Angela loved Angela. We met through my sister, they worked together. Angela was stunning, and she had me at hello.” Dean sighed, “She wanted to be an actress, and she would’ve made a damn good one. Sure had me fooled. I’d just signed my first real contract, thought I was a big shot, and to have a girl like that on my arm, well, you get it.” Abby nodded. Whatever he was now, it was obvious it was because of her.
Putting his arm around her and pillowing her head in the crook of his shoulder he continued.
“Angela wanted to be in the spotlight all the time, and at first, I was okay with it. I was too much of a fool to realize she was just using me to advance her own career. But then she stopped coming to games, stopped escorting me to events, and I thought maybe we were just growing apart. Boy, was I wrong,” he said.
Starting to comprehend just what Dean might have gone through with Angela, Abby felt almost ashamed of herself for making him talk about it, but the more he said, the more he appeared to relax in her arms. It was almost as if a barbell had suddenly been lifted from his chest and he was able to breathe freely once more.
As if on cue, Dean let out one long breath before continuing with the story. “Then one of my teammates got traded to Dallas, and she started making a lot of trips out to Texas, that’s when I connected the dots. She’d been seeing him for months.”
Dean was silent a moment, and Abby took the time to put it all together, perhaps even comparing things to her own current situation. “But she stayed with you anyways?” she began before he nodded and cut back in.
“Yeah, she knew that other guy she was seeing was going nowhere, and that I was her ticket to fame and fortune. But she hadn’t counted on me putting two and two together, figured I’d be too busy to notice her extracurricular activities. I dumped her, and surprisingly, so did the other guy, guess he got sick of playing second fiddle. Anyways, she went on a drinking binge and wound up wrapping her car around a tree a month later.”
Abby snuggled closer and looked up at him, “Did you love her?” She asked with morbid curiosity.
A beat passed before he answered. “No Abby, once I got past the outer facade, there was just nothing there to love.”
Dean rolled over on top of her then, leaning his hands on either side of her shoulders. “You, on the other hand, I can see there’s a whole lot more to you than just a pretty face Abby, and I’m dying to discover it all.”
As he looked down at her in that instant, his green eyes deepened to the color of the meadow surrounding them, and Abby’s heart set to a gallop. He could feel it thundering beneath him as he leaned down and closed his mouth around hers
The kiss spanned no more than the length of a few minutes, but as Abby’s head swirled and fogged beneath the onslaught of pleasure his soft and tender lips evoked, she would have sworn it was hours before they had finally come up for air. After weeks without knowing the feel of Dean’s lush mouth on hers, it was like a homecoming to Abby, and she relished the moment while it lasted.
With his busy game schedule and her need to see to every detail of the upcoming event, let alone the fact that she had been doing her best to stay away from him, they hadn’t had much time together for anything more than that one stolen kiss in the dark corner of Abby’s office building. But ever since the night they had spent in each other’s arms at Dean’s condo, she had dreamt of him and the fire that only he ignited within her, on a more frequent basis.
Still leaning over her and looking longingly into her eyes, Dean brushed a lock of hair away from her face and pressed a light gentle kiss to her temple where it had lain.
“Abby, I know I said I’d give you some time, but I can’t give you any more space. Why don’t you call out for the rest of the day? Come home with me.” Dean blurted, his green eyes almost pleading. 
It took a minute for her to catch her breath and register just what he was asking, but once it clicked, Abby could think of nothing else but spending the day whiling away in bed with Dean, making love to him over and over.
“My place is closer.” She heard herself reply huskily.
And just like that, their lust swallowed them up. Dean couldn’t get her home fast enough. Abby struggled to get the door to her house open, and shoo the curious Rufus away from her intriguing guest. They fumbled with each other's clothes in the bedroom, nearly ripping the buttons off her blouse. And they dove headlong into one another, straining under the weight of their intense hunger as they sought release. Their slick bodies feverishly pitching each other over the edge, as waves of climatic proportions rushed over them and gripped their senses in an erotic squeeze, Dean spilling himself into her while her body convulsed around him.
Chapter 13
Down on the Farm



Some time later, while they lazed the afternoon away in each other’s arms, Dean rolled onto his side so that he was facing Abby and ran his fingers across her smooth flat abdomen.
“We’ve been a little careless lately Abby, is that going to be a problem?”
“No, I’m on the pill.” She replied, pulling his hand to her mouth and kissing it lightly. “Do you want kids Dean?” she asked trying her best to keep the question light. If she and Dean were going to try and make a go of things, though she hadn’t come to a decision one way or the other yet, she figured questions like this one needed asking at some point.
“Eventually, do you?”
“Someday,” she said looking up at his face and snuggling closer into the warmth his body provided.
Just as they began to fall into a quiet contention again, happy to stay as they were for as long as they could get away with it, Rufus poked his nose over the edge of the bed, and jumped up high enough to prop his large white paws on it, his tongue lolling out of his mouth as he panted heavily.
“Is it really that time already?” Abby inquired of the hound, looking over at the alarm clock beside Dean on the nightstand.
Rufus let off a loud reply in the form of a yodeling howl, and pushed off the mattress running for the door, barking as he looked back over his withers to see if his mistress was following.
“Would you like to see the farm, Dean?” Abby asked sitting up and pushing off the covers.
“Sure.”
Rufus continued to rant as the two of them pulled their boneless forms from the warm cocoon they had made together, and finding the clothes they had so hastily thrown on the floor earlier began to get dressed.
“Okay, okay. We’re coming, we’re coming.” Abby said trying to coax the dog into being quiet as she pulled on a pair of jeans and buttoned the snap.
Not one to be placated, Rufus made his way down the stairs, into the kitchen, and out the doggy door, barking like a madman the whole way, although seemingly no longer interested in whether or not his master followed, but rather intent on getting out into the cool evening air.
As they made their way through the house in a what was likely to be a failed attempt to catch up with the remarkably fast hound who was obviously a good distance off now as he could barely be heard, Dean took a minute to study his surroundings. Since they had been in a hurry to devour each other upon entering the house earlier, he hadn’t had a chance to really get a sense of the place. Her bedroom, though comfortable was more practical than anything and didn’t show off too much of Abby’s influence. The rest of the house, however, seemed to give Dean a little more insight as to what kind of person Abby was.
She had portraits of various sizes hanging on pretty much every available wall space, some were landscapes, others of animals, but most of her family. The cluttered disarray was remarkably well thought out, though, and had an almost methodic layout to it. Passing the living room Dean caught sight of one wall lined with bookcases, completely full of course, with a large fireplace occupying another wall, while a third boasted a picture window with a view of the forest that bordered her property. There wasn’t a TV in sight, thinking back on it, he realized there wasn’t one in her bedroom for that matter either.
“Don’t you have a TV?” he asked quizzically as they entered an outdated though functional looking kitchen.
With her hand on the doorknob, Abby looked over her shoulder and smiled, “of course I do. There’s one in my guest room slash office and one in my media room downstairs in the basement.”

“You have a basement? I thought the water level was too high to have basements in Florida?”
“Uh uh. I mean, it’s not technically a basement, this house was built into the side of a hill, so it’s more of  a walk out really.” She said nodding as she opened the door and walked out into the fading light of day.
With one final glance around the kitchen, which Dean figured was definitely in need of a remodel with its flowered walls and yellow countertops, he decided that Abby’s house, like her, was simply fascinating. Despite the oddities and her own little eccentric touches, it felt comfortable, and well lived in. It was in reality, a complete anomaly in comparison to the rest of her property.
Her barn was new, the fencing state of the art, the property meticulously landscaped, every detailed planned and organized, it was, in a word, baffling. But as they caught up to Rufus who was presently balking at a large ball of fluff as it hissed from its perch in the tree, Dean’s eyes roamed the property and its occupants, and it was then that he understood. The animals meant more to Abby than her own creature comforts.
Sparky the horse, and Eeyore the donkey, lack of tail and all, boasted gleaming coats and manes, and though the horse was still perhaps slightly underweight his ribs showing visibly, the two companions had a field of vegetation to enjoy and a large roll of hay if they were so inclined to nibble on it. And Dean knew if he went inside the quaint three stall barn he’d find a fully loaded feed room and freshly mucked stalls, Abby wouldn’t settle for less.
It was a small concrete building behind the barn though that Abby ended up leading him into instead of the barn itself. Climate controlled with a heater and AC unit, it contained a hall with four small though adequate stalls with dog doors and outside runs attached to each. And at the end of the hall was an open space that had been transformed into a wash area with a drain in the floor, a water spigot with a hand shower built into the wall, and shelves above it containing various dog shampoos and medical items.
Two of the stalls were occupied. And as they approached, Dean could hear the excited yelps and cries from the two dogs Abby currently housed.
“These your fosters?” He asked with interest as he looked into the first kennel.
“Yup, that’s Duchess,” Abby replied pointing to a small oddly colored but beautiful Pit Bull. “And this one over here is Harley.”
“They’re beautiful,” he replied simply, as he held out a hand to Duchess who slowly crept forward to investigate.
Duchess was a pale shade of red, almost like a champagne with a pink nose and white markings around her neck and face, her eyes were a soft yellow-brown and her ears stood naturally, while Harley a white Pit Bull had floppy ears and big brown patches on her head and body. Neither shown obvious signs of fighting or abuse, though both were extremely timid in his presence.
Abby let Duchess out of her stall just as Rufus came bounding in and the two circled each other playfully, jumping about, tongues flicking at one another’s faces rapidly.
“They’re in love,” Abby beamed as they watched the two dogs make a spectacle of themselves.
“Let me know if this is a stupid question, but, why are they out here? They don’t seem to be aggressive.” Dean asked bending down to scratch Duchess behind the ear as she wiggled and jumped at his legs.
“That’s not a stupid question at all,” she began softly as she admired the view of man and dog. “When they first came here they were really shy, and not at all house broke, though, Duchess is almost there. So they’re basically just out here until they learn the house rules.”
“Were they used to fight? I mean, they came from that fighting ring you guys broke up, right?”
“Good memory,” she mused. “These little ladies weren’t used for fighting, they were supposed to create the next generation of fighters, but thankfully they were still too young to breed. I had a third dog, Zeus, but unfortunately, they used him as a bait dog, and he was in really rough shape when I took him in. He didn’t make it. Died of complications from an infection.”
“Wow, that’s awful, poor dog.”
“Yeah, he was such a sweet boy. And such a pretty shade of blue.” She continued as a brief flicker of pain entered her eyes.
Dean stood and pulled her into his arms, willing the sorrow out of her, and giving her the strength she obviously needed to get past the painful memory.
They stood there for a long while, watching as the three dogs played together, Harley finally coming out of her shell and opening herself up to Dean, allowing him to get close and touch her without withdrawing back into the shelter of her temporary home. What a pair they made, Abby thought to herself. Seeing Dean interact with the two lost and broken souls melted her heart. He was gentle and coaxing, but patient at the same time, he didn’t try to force them to accept his affection before they were ready, and it was then, at that moment, that the other shoe dropped.
Abby realized she wasn’t half in love with Dean, she was head over heels and sinking fast. She knew that one day, this tenderness he showed towards animals and the compassion he held for sick or disabled children would translate into him being one amazing father. She could fully imagine him playing ball with his son, or having tea parties while wearing a big pink floppy hat with his daughter, and it squeezed her heart a little more until there was no room for anyone but Dean.
Just as they were putting the two dogs back into their stalls, and Dean elected to give them their dinners, Abby’s neighbor Sam came around the corner, Rufus jumping and barking behind her.
“Hey Abby,” she boomed, stopping short when she caught sight of Dean. “Oh. My. God. You’re Dean Kirk!” Sam blurted, rushing over to hug him.
Laughing as he allowed the young girl to wrap her arms around him, Dean patted her gently on the back, the end result, a slightly awkward embrace.
Sam pulled away looking up at him in wonderment, “If I go get a pen and paper, could I get your autograph?” She beamed whipping out her cell phone and snapping off a couple of candid photos.
“Of course,” he replied easily, smiling for the camera as she continued to take pictures.
Squealing in delight, Sam shot off like a bolt of lightning headed for the house with Rufus hot on her heels, braying as if chasing after a raccoon.
Abby shook her head and smiled, “you just made her day,” she said.
“She seems like a pretty good kid,” he answered with a shrug.
Sam came back within a matter of minutes, and Abby used Sam’s phone to take a few shots of her with Dean, after which he signed a couple of autographs, one on a poster she had probably taken off her bedroom wall and another on a blank piece of paper, personalizing it with her name and a brief message. Delighted, Sam had almost forgotten the whole reason she had sought Abby out in the first place, but recovering from her shell-shocked state, she reminded Abby about the need to fix a broken fence post in the south pasture and made haste back to her house, babbling excitedly about her encounter with Dean on her cell phone, to one of her friends no doubt.
Finished with the evening chores, Abby allowed Rufus a few extra minutes to say goodnight to his lovely, and hand in hand she walked with Dean back up the house.
Abby pulled a pizza out of the freezer and started the oven while Dean saw to Rufus’s dinner and the two of them enjoyed the simple meal together in quiet solitude. They spent the better part of the evening afterward downstairs in Abby’s media room, where they curled up on the couch together, Rufus laying at their feet and switched back and forth between a hockey game and whatever comedy show was on that night.
For Abby, it felt almost surreal. She and Joey often watched TV together at his place, but rarely did they spend their evenings together down here in the media room when he stayed with her. Often times they came back to Abby’s after dinner and a late movie, so they usually just ended up in bed, and even then, it was probably just to sleep. Though she saw him at least three times a week, aside from their latest slump, they really only felt the need to copulate once or perhaps if he was feeling randy, twice a week. Again, she thought, everything was usually planned. Romance just wasn’t a common factor with Joey, and spontaneity was certainly not a word you’d find in his vocabulary. So why did she feel so bad about the current state of their relationship?

For the first time in a long time, Dean felt at home. Even in his own house, he was often lonely or lost. But here, in Abby’s cozy little nest, he felt comfortable, and more importantly, he felt loved. Holding Abby in his arms and watching TV like some old married couple warmed his insides. He could freely admit to himself that no one had ever made him feel this way. He wanted to stay like this forever, the two of them and the dog. No hurry, or need for conversation, just enjoying the quiet of the night as it closed in on them.
“Hey, Abby? What are you doing for Thanksgiving?” Dean asked nonchalantly, or so he hoped. He was treading on thin ice, and he knew it, but he desperately wanted to know whether or not her holiday plans included Joey.
“Hmm?” Abby asked sleepily, “What did you say?”
“I asked you what you were doing for Thanksgiving. Do you guys have some kind of family ritual?”
“Yeah, something like that. My mother and I go to my grandparents' house in Suwanee, her parents come too. Grandpa Clement and Grandpa Fletcher always dress up a couple of birds together. Fresh ones at that, no frozen turkey for us, Grandpa Clement raises everything he eats.”
“Wow… wait, did you say a couple of birds?” Dean asked surprised.
Abby laughed, “yeah, one rotisserie style on the grill, one over an open flame on a spit, one in the oven and one deep fried. I might be an only child Dean, but my parents weren’t. Dad had three sisters, and my mom has two brothers and a sister. I have lots of cousins, it’s like one big family reunion for the holidays.”
“What about Joey? Will he be there?”
“No.” She said shaking her head. “He came the first year we started dating, but after that first time, he admitted it was a little overwhelming for him, with all my family there and what not, so he spends Thanksgiving with his family. But I’ve gone to his mother’s house every year for Christmas. What about you? Will you be going home?”
“Yeah, I’ll meet my sister at my dad’s and the three of us will head over to my mom’s. I was going to ask if you wanted to come with me, but well, maybe next year.”
“Maybe.” She replied softly, truly touched by the suggestion. “So your parents get along? Your dad and Ted I mean?”
“They do,” he affirmed. “My parents never hated each other, they just knew it couldn’t work. My dad only ever wanted my mom to be happy, though, and Ted makes her very happy. He and my dad actually go on an annual fishing trip every year in June.”
“That’s so cool,” Abby said as she nuzzled closer to Dean, breathing in the soft masculine scent of him. Perhaps it was an oxymoron, but she thought he smelled both sweet and musky. A faint hint of soap, and that earthy cologne of his, it was enough, in itself to drive her mad with longing. The way he felt when he pulled her closer, his muscles flexing with each movement, he was so toned, so fit, so strong. Abby felt safe in his arms, she knew he would protect her if he could, right down to her heart. She knew above all else, that she could trust him with that most precious gift.
As if reading her mind, Dean nudged her until she looked up into his thoughtful gaze, “Abby, I,” he began stumbling over his words. “I have something I’d like to give you,” he pulled a set of keys out of his pocket and wound a plain silver key off the ring, handing it to her and closing her fingers around it.
“What’s this for?” she asked quietly.
“It’s my spare key,” he replied simply.
Abby sat up straighter on the couch and looked at him, cocking her head to one side, “okay, but why are you giving this to me?”
“Because I know, in the end, you’ll find your way back to me Abby.”
“How can you be so sure of yourself Dean?”
Dean shook his head, “I’ve never been sure of very much in this world Abby, but when it comes to you, I know what we have is real. It just feels right.”
Abby smiled, but instead of speaking she just stared at the key, rolling it around in her hand.
“Can I ask you a favor?” Dean said a moment later, breaking the spell.
“Hmm?” she murmured, trying to focus. He was giving her the key to his house, but it seemed like so much more than that to Abby, it felt like, well, it felt like he was giving her the key to his heart. True, he hadn’t spoken the words, but she felt them, she knew they were right there, so close to the surface that all she had to do was just reach out and touch them. Like braille to a blind person.
“Abby, I know I have no right to ask you this, but I was hoping,” he said breaking off into a sigh and combing his fingers through his hair.
“What is it, Dean?”
“This date with Joey, I won’t ask you not to do it, I understand that on some level, you feel obligated to at least try, I don’t have to like it, but I do get it. I just hope, I mean, I want you to promise me you won’t sleep with him.”
“Dean.”
“No, Abby, let me finish,” he cut in gently waving her off. “I get jealous at just the thought of him putting his hands on you. And kissing you, God, I don’t know how I’ll manage that one. But if you were to sleep with him, I think I’d go crazy. I’m just not sure I could handle it Abby.”
Abby placed a hand on his and kissed him gently on the cheek, “Dean, I already told you, I’m not going to sleep with Joey.”
“Good. Good. That’s good Abby. Thank God,” he muttered pulling her into his arms and kissing her something fierce.
It was several minutes after the kiss ended still holding each other for dear life, that Dean finally pulled away and looked at Abby forlornly.
“I hate to leave you, Abby, God knows I just want to take you back to bed and ravish you for the rest of night,” he breathed reaching out and twirling a lock of her soft fiery hair around his finger.
“But?” Abby prompted softly.
“I have to get up early tomorrow, we have a morning workout before the game in the evening.”
“That’s okay Dean, another time,” she assured him.
“Count on it,” he smirked. “Abby, one more thing, there’s this banquet I have to go to in a couple weeks, it’ll be dreadfully boring I’m afraid, but I was wondering.”
“I’d love to,” she blurted, throwing her arms around his neck and smothering him in a passionate kiss that nearly stole his breath.
“Wow,” he sighed dazedly.
Abby blushed, a hint of rose coloring her cheeks, “That was silly of me, I’m sorry, I’ve just never been invited to a charity event outside of the ASPCA, I guess I got a little too excited.”
“No, it was cute,” he reassured her. “It’s two weeks from Saturday by the way, the week before our big event, at a Hilton Head Island resort. I’ll pick you up.”
“Okay.”
“Oh, last thing, I promise, are you considering going to the game on Friday? It’s against our arch nemesis you know... The Blackhawks.”
“I was thinking about it,” she replied coyly as they headed out the door towards Dean’s SUV.
“Alright,” he nodded. “I’ll check in with you after Thanksgiving then.”
They shared one more long steamy kiss, that left them both short on breath and more than a little erotically charged before Dean climbed behind the wheel of his vehicle and waved a final goodbye as he backed down the driveway.
Chapter 14
The Calm Before the Storm



The next morning at work, Abby had a hell of a time fending off Riley and the onslaught of questions she peppered her with. Abby hadn’t so much as missed a day of work in the past three years, nor was she ever late, or did she request to leave early. She worked day in day out, from 7:00 am. to 4:00 pm. no exceptions. So considering she had been late one day the previous week and had now called out for the remainder of the day yesterday, Riley was more than a little curious, to say the least.
“Riley, I’m not going to talk about it,” she argued. “Yes, I was with Dean, no he didn’t spend the night. End. Of. Story. Okay?”
“I would tell you everything Abby if It were me!”
“I’m not you Riley, and I’m just not comfortable discussing this. Not with you, not with anybody.”
Riley threw her hands up in frustration as though the gesture would change Abby’s mind. “Fine! But the next time I have a hot liaison with a sexy single guy, I’m not telling you a damn thing!”
“It’s not going to work Riley; you’re not going to guilt me into this!”
“Errr… whatever!”
“Get back to work Riley!” she yelled as Riley stormed out of her office and down the stairs.
Getting her own mind back on track after the slight derailing, Abby booted up her computer and grabbed a bottle of water out of her mini fridge as she waited for it to load. Budget cuts forced Abby to use an older model PC that often took its time waking up.
Abby usually compared her computer to a woman in that way, not to mention the frequent mood swings, where she froze and dumped various parts of her memory. For that reason alone, she had to back things up on an external drive so she didn’t lose whatever she was working on. Perhaps with whatever donations they received as a result of the upcoming drive, she might be able to convince Dianne to buy her a new one.
Once her PC -whom she referred to as Sally for no reason in particular-, finally decided to get with it, Abby pulled up her email and looked over the contents of her inbox. There were the usual requests, a ton of spam, and one from Joey. Abby’s heart sped up ever so slightly as she pondered what the email might contain. The subject line was a vague ‘just checking in’ which didn’t hint at the tone of his email in any way. Taking a deep breath before finally opening it up, Abby steeled herself for the worst.
The email, like the subject line, was vague. He apologized for his outburst and told her he’d try to be more patient with her work schedule, and the current demands she was under. He told her he was free whenever she wanted to get together, and pretty much left it at that. There were no sweet words, nor a declaration of his undying love, just a short, simple, let me know.
Where was the feeling? she wanted to know. Sure, he apologized, but otherwise, it seemed as if he just wanted to pretend like it hadn’t happened at all. And while perhaps, out of a sense of obligation to him, Abby felt like she wanted to pretend the past few weeks hadn’t happened as well, and just continue on as though she had never met Dean in the first place, she knew it wasn’t that easy.
No matter how small the problem, it couldn’t just be swept under the rug. Eventually, they would have to talk about it, just like eventually, IF she decided to stay with Joey, they’d have to talk about Dean.
In the end, Abby decided that two could play this game, and rather than call him like she had originally planned, she sent him an email in return, a vague email. She told him to tell her when, and she’d take a personal day. And that was that. One little sentence. With a nod of her head, she decided it was good enough and hit send.
Flying through the rest of the day, Abby often checked her messages and emails, for what she couldn’t say. Did she really want to hear from Joey again so soon? Or was she hoping beyond hope that Dean might send her a line between his workout and the game? She didn’t hear from either one, and she left for the evening feeling surprisingly empty.
Abby knew the Slashers were at home tonight, playing against the Anaheim Ducks, and though it was an eight o’clock start, with a two-hour drive each way, she was nearly tempted to go. Wouldn’t Dean be surprised to see her if she did? Even perhaps delighted? She could just envision it, the Slashers winning the game, meeting up with Dean in the locker rooms because surely if he heard she was there he would have them show her the way, and after a brief interlude in which she would hang out with the team while Dean showered, he would take her home and make love to her for the rest of the night.
What a lovely dream it was. But it was just that, a dream. Abby had too much to do, and not nearly enough time in which to get it done. So she settled instead for watching the game on TV -they won in overtime- and eating a dinner for one, otherwise known as the dreaded pre-packaged frozen meal.

The next evening, after another rough day at work, where Abby dealt with a million and one details concerning the upcoming event, she arrived home to find Joey’s car parked in her driveway. Pulling into the carport, Abby spotted him sitting on the steps of her porch, trying his best to fend off an excited Rufus who jumped about crazily, bounding up and down the stairs, slobber flying everywhere.
Abby knew Joey wasn’t very keen on animals, but seeing the way he interacted with Rufus put one more check in Dean’s column. Not once had Dean even tried to prevent the dogs' advances, no matter how dirty or slimy the kisses, he had welcomed the wayward hounds' affections.
As Rufus caught scent of Abby, he abandoned his pursuit of Joey and came trotting happily to her side, his mouth open in a wide doggy grin. Abby ruffled his floppy ears and headed over to where Joey now stood near the door.
“I got your message,” he said nonchalantly as she unlocked the door and he followed her into the kitchen.
“So you just decided to drop by? It’s a nice surprise, but it’s so unlike you Joey.”
Watching her cross the room and set her stuff down on the table before turning around to face him with her hands on her hips and a forced smile as she met his gaze, Joey shrugged.
“Is something wrong Joey?” she asked.
“No, I know you’re going to Grandparents' house on Thursday for the holiday, and I just really wanted to see you, Abby.”
Abby crossed the room, and her tension hitched up a notch as she put her arms around him in an attempt to play off her happy to see him mood. What she really wanted to do though was demand an explanation for his earlier behavior, just who did he think he was anyway, barging into her office and chiding her like a small child? But more than anything, she wanted to ask him to leave.
His presence was disconcerting, to say the least. After taking up with Dean over the last few weeks, Abby suddenly found herself feeling remarkably awkward around Joey. Like she just didn’t know how to act towards him anymore.
The hug, to her startled satisfaction, was hardly returned. Though Joey accepted her arms around him and even embraced her with his own as well, it was stiff and short lived. While Abby wondered if perhaps it might have always been this way, she quickly quashed the thought.
No, they may not have ever been overly romantic or intimate with each other, but to say they’d always been this rigid would have been a lie.
Could Joey sense that something was off? She didn’t know, and she didn’t want to think about it either. But she couldn’t help remembering the other day in her office, what was he had said? He couldn’t compete with him? They called that a Freudian slip if she wasn’t mistaken. Did Joey assume there was something between her and Dean? Was he worried? Jealous even?
“I thought maybe we could order some takeout or something, my treat of course,” he continued, shoving his hands in his pockets and rocking back on his heels.
“Joey I...”
“You’re busy, right? I should’ve known better than to just show up here. I swear, I told myself I was just going to call you, but...I’m sorry.” He insisted, heading for the door.
“Joey, wait,” she interjected, “I really do have a ton to get done this week, especially with everyone being closed for Thanksgiving, but I was serious about taking a personal day and spending it with you.”
Elated by her interruption, Joey closed the gap between them once more, and placed a hand on her shoulder, “okay, great, then why don’t you take it tomorrow? We can spend the rest of the night together,” he said with a smile.
Abby fought the urge to shrug his hand off her shoulder, and maintained eye contact as she delivered what she hoped would be a light blow to his ego. “I’m kind of on the back end of my cycle right now Joey, probably not the best idea.”
He took a step back as if repulsed by the simple remark.
“Besides, in order to take that personal day, I need to work every night during the rest of the week.”
“Right, yeah, that makes sense,” he replied dejectedly. “Well, how about Friday then?”
“Friday? The day after the holiday?”
“Yeah, we can go into town, do a little window shopping, there’s this restaurant a co-worker told me about that I might like to try, and then maybe we’ll go to the game.”
Abby’s eyes widened suddenly, and she thanked God that Joey had been looking down and didn’t notice the telltale giveaway. “You want to spend the day in Savannah? And go to the game?”
“Well yeah, it’s Chicago Abby. I wanna watch them beat those bastards!”
As Joey’s voice lit up with the kind of excitement that only the Slashers could bring to him, Abby stilled her wildly beating heart. He just wanted to go to the game, after all, surely it was no reason to freak out.
“Okay, Friday it is.” She said with a little more practiced calm.
Joey leaned forward and pressed a light kiss to her forehead, “great, you’re the best Abby. And again, I’m really sorry for just showing up unannounced like this.”
“No, really, it’s fine. I wish I wasn’t so busy, I would’ve asked you to stay.” she lied, walking him to the door to see him out. “I miss you, Joey, it’s been so crazy, it’ll be nice once this is all behind us, and we can get back to our normal routine.”
Placated by her soothing words of encouragement, Joey nodded and a waved a farewell as he descended the steps to his car and left.
“Whew,” Abby said aloud with a sigh as she reached down and scratched Rufus who was currently sitting at her feet and leaning heavily against her legs, behind the ears. He gave a short woof in reply and ran off in search of a chew toy, clearly finished with the conversation.
Abby stood there a moment longer, trying to calm her frazzled nerves as she considered her next move. She wondered if she should tell Dean that she and Joey would be attending the game, but thought better of it realizing she might just be borrowing trouble.
The likelihood of Dean finding out she was there was slim at best, but to actually tell him, and perhaps panic his already frayed emotions was just downright cruel.
He had already voiced to her his opinion of Joey and her need to go on this date with him, she wouldn’t want to interfere with his professionalism on the ice by rubbing it in any further. Though perhaps she was giving herself too much credit. Dean WAS a professional, and surely a little thing like jealousy wouldn’t alter his mind to the extent that he wouldn’t be able to perform his job.
Still, if it could be prevented, then why bother to chance it? So despite her strong urge to call Dean and tell him what was what, she decided to keep it to herself. If he didn’t know, he couldn’t think about it, and it couldn’t hurt him.

It was Thursday afternoon, and Dean was exhausted. After Monday’s overtime win against Anaheim, they made the short trip on Tuesday night down to Fort Lauderdale where they ultimately lost by one to the Panthers on Wednesday, and then flown directly to New Jersey so he wouldn’t have to fly on Thanksgiving, so, here he was, completely worn out since he’d just finished with a vigorous workout in his father’s home gym to keep his body honed for the game tomorrow night against Chicago.
They were calling it a rematch of last season’s game seven in the cup finals, but to Dean, it was just another game against a really hot team. The Blackhawks were currently on a ten-game winning streak, and Patrick Kane was yet again, having the season of a lifetime.
Dean didn’t delude himself into thinking it was an easy win for his team. It was, in fact, a distinct possibility that they could lose, at home, again, to the damned Blackhawks. And this wasn’t even the playoffs for God sakes, where it was a well-known fact around the league that the regular season Blackhawks and the post season variety were more than slightly different in their level of intensity. It just so happened that they had their shit together right now.
Crawford was a brick wall, with several shutouts already under his belt, the Toews line was scoring left and right, and every time Kane or Panarin touched the puck, damned if it didn’t somehow end up in the back of the net!
God, he wished their off-season adjustments had done more to put a damper on their roster! Bowman was a genius, and with Q calling the shots, it was a recipe for success, that was for sure. Dean’s only hope was that someone, maybe the Kings, would knock them out of the playoffs this year, and then the Slashers wouldn’t have to face them again when they got back to the finals. That hadn’t changed, of course, he’d get his team there no matter what it cost him.
As it stood right now, they were not only first in their division but sat atop the rankings for the entire Eastern Conference. They were second only to Chicago in the overall league standings, lagging by four points. But it wasn’t quite December yet, plenty of time to overtake them. And they would. Somehow. The Central Division was always the toughest, and the top ten teams were only separated by twelve points at the moment, four of the top six spots were currently occupied by that division alone, so it certainly wasn’t out of the realm of possibilities.
Blocking out his professional woes, for the time being, Dean allowed himself a night of intellectual freedom. He enjoyed the company of his family, the light banter, the easy going atmosphere, and a good home cooked meal. As he sat at a table surrounded by those he loved most in the world, Dean relaxed, with a beer in one hand and a fork in the other. He listened interestedly to his father’s rants about football, how the Eagles were going to make it to the Superbowl this year, and he laughed as his sister shared her latest sexual exploits, she never did have much couth. Yeah, it was nice to be home again, even if he did have to fly back to Georgia later that night.

Back in Florida, in a little river town called Suwanee, Abby let loose a little herself and made the best of another family reunion slash Thanksgiving in the company of her large and a little bit crazy family. Her mother even lightened up some, it was probably the one time of the year that Abby saw her mother so at ease. So while the thought of Dean and what he was doing hovered somewhere in the back of her mind, Abby forgot about all her troubles for the time being and just enjoyed herself, and her surroundings.
Chapter 15
Joey's Last Stand



Bright and early Friday morning, after a fitful night's sleep, as she’d gotten back from her grandparents' house well after midnight, Abby dragged herself out of bed, took a shower and put together a bowl of sugary cereal as she waited for her coffee to brew. Joey was due to arrive around nine, and she knew she’d need at least three cups of coffee to get through the morning.
Abby was more than a little nervous, she was downright petrified. Obligation or not, she was slowly coming to the realization that this felt less and less like a good idea. But it was too late to call the whole thing off now, she was committed to it, and she’d do her best to see it through.
Abby spent a considerable amount of time looking through her closet. She wanted to look nice, but at the same time, she really didn’t want to send Joey the wrong message. So after much debate, she settled on a comfortable pair of slacks and a pretty silk blouse that was neither stuffy or overly sexy. Keeping it neutral as well, her makeup was minimal but accentuated her hair and eyes.
As a horn blasted from outside, Abby gave herself a once over in the mirror of the hall bathroom off the kitchen, and satisfied by her appearance, patted Rufus lovingly on the head before locking up and slipping into the passenger side of Joey’s Camaro.
“You look nice,” he said absently as he maneuvered the little car out of Abby’s driveway.
“You too,” she replied glancing over at him with a smile. Joey was dressed just as casually in a pair of khakis and a light blue sweater that highlighted his eyes.
As they drove to Savannah in what Abby felt was definitely an awkward silence, she wondered just what exactly was going through his mind. Abby tried to fill the void by asking Joey about his work and how his brother had been doing lately, but after a string of clipped answers to which Joey didn’t reciprocate by asking Abby any questions in return, she gave up trying to engage him in conversation and lapsed back into the quiet solitude of her thoughts.
She wondered what Dean was doing now, she wondered if he was thinking about her too, and she wondered if maybe she had been wrong to suggest this date all along. Either Joey had his suspicions concerning Abby and Dean’s working relationship, or he just didn’t feel the same way about Abby anymore. Though they had never been an overly chatty couple, to begin with, this was beyond anything resembling a normal routine for them.

Meanwhile, at the practice rink in downtown Savannah Dean stood before his stall pulling on a pair of worn jeans, and Donovan sauntered over, a towel wrapped around his lean waist as he propped his shoulder against the edge of Dean’s cubby.
“You still seeing that little spitfire?” he asked winking.
“Abby? Yeah, I’m still seeing her. Why?”
“Just making casual conversation man. I’m not looking to steal her from you or anything.” He replied backing away a little as he felt the ice from Dean’s frosty glare.
Dean scoffed, “as if you could,” he said pulling a sweater on over his t-shirt.
“I might be of a mind to test that theory you know, but lucky for you, things are getting pretty serious with Amie and I.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean asked cooling off a little. If ever there was anyone he wouldn’t want to compete with over a woman, it was Donovan. With his wild and curly blonde hair, and those light green-blue eyes, it didn’t take much for him to woo any woman he set his sights on. Donovan’s charm was legendary around the locker room, his exploits, though not usually tabloid fodder were impressive by any man’s standards.
Donovan sat down straddling a nearby bench, “yeah,” he said. “She’s pretty great. Might ask her to marry me.” He admitted with a rueful smile.
“Wow, you’re probably the last person I’d ever expect to talk about marriage. She must really be something huh?”
Rising, Donovan just shrugged and headed over to his own little cubby hole to get dressed.
Figuring the conversation was over, Dean left his friend to his thoughts and wandered down the hall to Jean’s office.
With a brief knock, Dean approached the desk and leaned down slightly, bracing his hands on the edge and plastering on his most charming smile as she looked up at him, sliding her glasses down her nose, “Something I can do for you Dean?” she asked pleasantly enough seemingly unaffected by his charms.
Dean sighed, straightened and ran a hand through his wet hair, “have you talked to Abby lately Jean?”
“Yes,” she replied easily, studying him for a moment before continuing. “Just this morning in fact. Is there something bothering you?” She inquired setting her glasses down and cocking her head to one side. Jean had been with the Slashers organization from the start, so she’d known Dean since he’d been drafted, little more than a child then. She had watched him as he blossomed into the amazing young man he was today.
The look of sadness that dulled his handsome features worried her. She knew all about Dean’s past, the relationship with Angela and the subsequent car accident that killed her. She had helped Dean as much as she could while he struggled through the loss, first as he realized she had never loved him, then again when he finally dumped her, and though he wouldn’t admit it, she knew he had been hurt by her death as well. Perhaps Dean had never loved her, but he wasn’t a heartless man, he felt things, often on a much deeper level than most men seemed to. So she knew something was troubling him now.
“No,” he said, obviously lying. “Everything’s fine Jean. I just wanted to see if you had any updates on the event. That’s all.”
Jean didn’t let on, but she knew there was something going on between Dean and the pretty little redhead, Abby. She’d overheard the short conversation they’d had just outside her office door, and when she’d shown up to check out the photo shoot, she had inadvertently gotten lost and wound up walking into the room they were in, catching a glimpse of the two of them in a very intimate situation. But that wasn’t any of her business, and if Dean didn’t want to talk about it, she wasn’t going to butt in. She liked to think he thought of her rather like a grandmother since he had confided in her several times following Angela’s death, but again, she’d leave it up to him to start the dialog.
“I could give you a print out of her latest notes if you’d like?” she said instead.
Dean shook his head, “no, that’s okay. I guess I’m just a little nervous about tonights' game.”
“The Blackhawks… yeah” she grimaced, causing him to laugh and lighten up a little.
“Thanks, Jean, you always know just how to lift my spirits.”
“Anytime Dean. It’s always nice to see a handsome boy like you smile.”
“You better stop that now Jean, or I’m going to have to call your husband and tell him you’re not going to make it home tonight.” Dean drawled, laying it on thick.
“Flatterer,” she teased back.
Laughing again, Dean gave a mock salute and turned to leave “I’m going to head out and get some food, maybe a nap before I’m due at the arena, see you later Jean.”
“Oh Dean?” Jean said giving him pause, “you be sure and send Chicago packing tonight, you hear me?”
“Of course Ms. Jean, just for you.” He agreed readily, heading out the door.
On the drive home, Dean couldn’t help but think about Abby, and the silence between them. Though they had spoken over the phone briefly on Tuesday, he hadn’t heard from her since. He didn’t know when she’d planned on going out with Joey, and he couldn’t stop himself from feeling jealous as the little green monster inside him reared its ugly head.
Abby told him she wouldn’t sleep with Joey, and he believed her, but it didn’t stop him from getting angry. The mere thought of her just being around Joey, had Dean seeing red.
He knew he shouldn't feel this way. Hell, he had friends that were women, didn’t he? This was different, though, he told himself as he pulled into his garage and locked up, heading for the back stairway to his condo. Joey wasn’t just a friend of Abby’s; he was her boyfriend. True they hadn’t been intimate for a while, but for all he knew, Joey didn’t find anything amiss in that. Maybe he just thought Abby was really busy, he probably didn’t have a clue that his girlfriend had been cheating on him.
And of course, that brought other more painful thoughts to the forefront of his fractured mind. Just what would happen if he and Abby did make a go of it? Would she turn around and cheat on him given half the chance? In Dean’s line of work, Abby was bound to meet someone more famous or better looking than himself, was she vain enough that she would take the bait?
No. Not Abby. Not his Abby.
He couldn’t think like that. The way she described her relationship with Joey, as though it were a job, where every detail was planned and organized, he knew she didn’t love him. Dean was positive that the title of boyfriend and girlfriend that they had accepted was a mere formality. They were friends that sometimes engaged in intimate acts. And even then, Dean was sure that Abby had never come alive with Joey as she had with him.
So no, Abby wouldn’t readily cheat on Dean if the opportunity presented itself. In fact, he was pretty confident that she wasn’t taking any aspect of their current situation for granted. She was torn, she was hurting and she was confused. For three years she had thought herself in a warm loving relationship with a good man, only to have the image shattered when she ran up against the wall of emotions that Dean evoked in her.
Abby was a practical but very compassionate person, and the thought of hurting Joey was no more appealing to her than was the chance of losing Dean if she didn’t cut those ties. Abby’s heart was too big for her own good. She put the needs of her animals above her own, and given the chance, she’d willingly sacrifice her own heart if she didn’t have to break anyone else's.
Dean promised to give her time, and so he would. The space he allowed as well, though it killed him to do so, was necessary and he knew that. Abby would come to the conclusion, one that Dean had already figured out, that they were right for each other, on her own. He couldn’t force her to see what was right in front of her, he just had to trust her eyes to focus on it before it was too late. As much as he’d like to think differently, there was a time limit. He would wait for her, but he knew it wouldn’t be for much longer.
Just today at the morning skate, Coach Turski had wrung him a new one, insisting he get the lead out. She was getting to him, in ways that she shouldn’t have been. Dean prided himself on his professionalism, always one to tout about leaving their problems off the ice. You come to play, you come to work, but you most certainly didn’t let outside events influence your performance. And yet that was just what he was doing.
He was a fraction of a second slower, his decisions just barely off, but noticeably so. And he hated that. Missing the net was bad enough on its own, but missing it because you didn’t read the situation correctly, but rather were occupied by thoughts that shouldn’t have even entered your mind, he couldn’t live with the guilt of being the reason his team lost, even if it was just one game, every point mattered. They couldn’t afford to lose. It was one thing to lose because the other team is just better, but he’d be damned if he couldn’t admit he’d given it everything he had.
As he laid down and stretched out on the couch for a nap, still thinking about Abby, trying to force her and all thoughts about her out of his mind, he finally came to an important realization; to hell with hockey, to hell with the game, it wouldn’t mean anything to Dean unless he had Abby by his side to share it with. She affected him the way she did, because he loved her, because she was the spark that lit his fire. When she was watching him, and he knew it, he played a better game than he had ever played before meeting her. He had to win her, whatever the cost.
It was like being in the game, and forcing yourself to ice the puck, you know it’s going to stop the clock, and you know they’re going to bring the face-off back into your zone, but sometimes, when you’ve got a competitor right there, he’s a got a wide open shot, and there’s no one else around to help you out, you just have to get the damn puck out of the danger zone. So you ice it. And hell, if he had to, he’d ice Joey just like any other competitor out there. Abby was a prize worth winning, and by God, he’d have her. And with that final declaration, Dean closed his eyes, and drifted off to sleep.

Pulling into a parking garage once they got to the downtown area of Savannah, Abby decided to put her restless feelings aside and try to give Joey at least the appearance of having a good time.
While they walked up and down the different avenues that made up the shopping district of downtown Savannah, the ice covering Joey began to slowly melt. He relaxed, and as his earlier tension dissipated, he became the person Abby had once adored. He was fun and less reserved, flirty even. They laughed together as they made various and crude comments about the latest fashions or odd antiques that adorned the shop windows.
Looping her arm through his elbow, Abby delighted in her window shopping adventure with Joey. The stress of the past few weeks dissolving as they fell back into a companionable friendship. And though she hadn’t realized it then, Abby would come to see that this last afternoon with Joey would be the closure they both needed to finally move on and admit it had been over between them long before now.
After a few hours of browsing and a stop that Abby insisted on making at one of the nearby confection stores to pick up a little something sweet, they got back into Joey’s car and made their way onto the highway headed east. Immersed in the passing scenery, it wasn’t until they pulled up in front of the restaurant that Abby realized where he had taken her, and the easy feel of the day suddenly came to a screeching halt as her heart beat frantically in her chest.
Marlin Monroe’s Surfside Grill, a play on the famous Marilyn Monroe, was a cheeky little restaurant with direct access to the beach, that used a buxom marlin in a white dress as their mascot. Being that they were attached to the neighboring resort, it looked less like a traditional restaurant and more like an overgrown tiki hut. Flanked by the beach on one side and the hotel pool on the other, they had limited indoor seating underneath their blue raftered ceilings, and a deck outside overlooking the ocean for guests wishing to enjoy the cool sea breeze.
As they took their seats at a table near one of the windows overlooking the deck and the sparkling waters of Atlantic beyond, a skinny waif of a girl skulked over to take their order. Abby cringed inwardly as their gazes caught and the disheveled young woman introduced herself as Darcy, sneering openly at Abby in recognition.
Joey ordered the fish tacos and an ice water as Darcy flirted mercilessly with him, pushing her oily brown hair behind comically large ears, and flashing a big yellowed buck-toothed grin in his direction. Turning to get Abby’s order -she chose to go with ice tea and tuna salad-, the girl dripped with open hostility. Abby only hoped she wouldn’t spit in her food.
“She doesn’t seem to like you very much, Abby.” Joey teased, resting a hand on top of hers.
“Must not like redheads,” she mused, using her free hand to shake out her napkin and drape it gently across her lap.
Abby caught Darcy glaring at her several times over the course of their meal, and though she was only slightly less than polite to Abby and more than just a little forward with Joey, her glowering looks in Abby’s direction never seemed to soften. Abby knew the girl must have remembered her from the time she had dropped off lunch at Dean’s place, and figured the girl must not only idolize Dean, but was probably jealous of the fact that she had seen Abby twice now, with not one but two good looking men, obviously far outside of the mousy woman’s league. Perhaps that’s why she was overly flirtatious with Joey, some sort of complex she guessed.
And had she been the jealous type herself, Abby might have cared. Then again, she didn’t really feel anything resembling romantic feelings towards Joey anymore, and she certainly hadn’t been jealous that day at Dean’s place when the girl had practically drooled on his doorstep. If Dean’s reaction to the girl had been any indication, she guessed he hadn’t even noticed it himself.
Darcy was young though too, probably just out of high school, and given her unkempt appearance, she probably didn’t have an ounce of self-respect, least of all the confidence required to hook the kind of men she was so blatantly going after. Then again, men might find that appealing about her, if they were drunk enough, and she was willing, a warm body was a warm body to some.
Just as they finished their meal and Darcy came over to clear away the remains, a loud ruckus sounded from outside on the deck. Abby caught the tail end of the claps and cheers as she watched Dean climb the steps and enter through the big glass doors. Darcy stopped what she was doing and quickly excused herself, walking hurriedly towards him. Intercepting him briefly, she pulled out her pad and snagged a pen from behind one ear, quickly jotting down his order as he finally caught sight of Abby.
Despite her best efforts, the moment their eyes met over the poor girl's head, Abby’s face lit up like a Christmas tree. Her cheeks flushed a crimson shade of red, and her lips parted into a smile of their own volition. Baffled, Joey stopped talking mid-sentence and turned around to see what all the commotion was about.
Dean’s face remained unreadable as he approached, but once he stood before them, he clapped a hand on Joey’s shoulder and turned on the charm like a spigot on a hot summer day.
“Joey, Abby, what are you two doing in my neck of the woods?” He boomed cheerfully.
Abby felt an almost imperceptible change in Joey at that moment, the hand that still held hers flickered just barely, and when he spoke his clipped voice belied the calm front he tried to present.
“I didn’t know you lived around here.” Joey ground out.
“Just next door,” Dean replied smoothly, taking a seat next to him as though he had every right to do so.
Biting her lip, Abby forced her composure back into place and slowly withdrew her hand from Joey’s, picking up a napkin and dabbing at her face as though that were her intent rather than just trying to break the intimate contact now that they were in Dean’s company.
Before the conversation could become any more tense or awkward, however, Darcy swaggered over, her hips swishing from side to side in what Abby assumed the girl thought was a provocative manner, though, to Abby, it made her look like she just needed to go to the bathroom really bad, and handed Dean his order in a to-go bag.
“Is there anything else you need sugar?” She asked in mock southern tradition.
“No, thanks, Darce, that’ll be all,” Dean replied politely.
Darcy frowned, and before walking away again placed their check on the table and shot Abby one more snotty look, this one worse than any of the others. Clearly, she wasn’t amused by the situation any and wanted Abby out of her territory. Now.
“Are you guys coming to the game tonight?” Dean asked once Darcy had left them alone.
“Yes.” Was all Joey said in return as he took a gulp of water and stared sulkily in Abby’s direction.
Afraid of what might happen if she did, Abby decided it was best if she just didn’t say anything at all. Instead, she smiled briefly in Dean’s direction, just long enough for him to get the hint and turned her gaze on Joey, making him her soul focus.
Sensing that he had worn out his welcome, Dean stood and picked up his bag of food, extending his free hand to Joey, who after a moment's hesitation finally took it, giving him a quick pump before pulling away.
“I gotta get going, I was on my way to the stadium for warm ups, thought I’d grab some protein to go. It was great seeing you guys again. I hope you’ll enjoy the game tonight,” he said, looking directly at Joey as he spoke.
“Good luck,” Abby chirped as he left, covering her mouth quickly in embarrassment when Joey’s frigid stare met hers.
In that one instant, she read more in Joey’s fleeting expression than she could have ever thought possible. He knew there was something going on between Abby and Dean. He probably didn’t have any proof of those convictions, but it didn’t make them any less true. And under the scrutiny of his heated glare, Abby felt more than a little ashamed of her wanton behavior.
Joey was a good man, and he deserved to be loved and treated well, it wasn’t as if he was a domineering partner, or abused her in any way. He was loyal to a fault, and only expected the same kind of dedication in return. Was it really too much to ask?
On the one hand, Abby was sorry, she hadn’t meant to hurt Joey, and it was clear to her now that she already had. The final blow she’d deliver in the near future, because well, she could face that reality now, things between her and Joey were over, seeing Dean again, and not being able to control her emotions for the few minutes he was there had proven that to her, she had the feeling it would only confirm Joey’s suspicions, and he might very well break.
Darcy came back over then, breaking into Abby’s thought process as she picked up the earlier abandoned dishes and left a copy of a paid receipt on the table in front of Joey, who picked it up and looked at it, confused.
“I didn’t give you my card yet,” he stated matter of factly holding the scrap of paper up for Darcy to see.
Nodding as she put one dirty plate onto another, Darcy pointed to the bar with a free hand before picking up a cup and placing it onto the stack of dishes she tried to expertly balance. “He took care of it,” she sneered walking away.
Abby followed the direction Darcy had indicated and blushed as Dean waved over at them and winked before leaving through the front doors.
“Arrogant son of a bitch,” Joey murmured, causing Abby’s head to whip around quickly.
“Joey,” she admonished softly. “That’s not a very nice thing to say.”
“Oh come on Abby, give it a rest will you?”
“Excuse me? What has gotten into you lately?” Abby asked, pulling the napkin from her lap and slamming it on the table as she stood and walked away. She headed outside to the parking lot, and strode over to where he had parked, leaning up against the door while she waited for him to catch up.
A few minutes later, as they sat quietly in the car together, Abby still fuming, though silently, Joey turned to her and sighed.
“I’m sorry,” he announced, turning the key in the ignition and putting the car into drive.
Abby knew she needed to tread lightly here. Despite his temper, underneath it all, she knew he was hurting. And she knew it was her fault.
“I don’t get it, Joey,” she began, folding her hands in her lap and looking out the window in an attempt to hide her guilt. “I thought you liked Dean.”
“I do. I guess I’m just a little jealous of him in more ways than one.”
“Jealous of him, what do you mean?”
“It’s nothing Abby, just let it go okay? Let’s not ruin our day.”
And with that, the conversation was closed for comment.
The short trip to the stadium gave Abby only enough time to shore up her defenses. She didn’t think that after the debacle at the restaurant Dean would make an attempt to run into them again at the game, so she wasn’t worried about that so much as she just didn’t want Joey to be able to read the emotions that were surely written as plain as day on her face. She always did wear her heart on her sleeve.
So as they pulled up in front of Duracell Arena and got out of the car, Abby took a couple of deep breaths and put on a smile. No matter how much it hurt on the inside, he wasn’t going to be able to tell just by looking at her.

Dean had scarfed down his lean meal on the way to the stadium with the radio blasting as he drove, and damn it, he couldn’t help but think about Abby. At first, her face had bloomed with love and admiration, and then just as quickly she had masked her emotions. And while he understood that it had been for Joey’s benefit, it didn’t hurt any less.
Seeing them sitting together, the way they had been, Joey’s hand resting on hers as he looked at her intimately, and babbling on about something, Dean had felt several emotions. Jealousy, rage, and then pleasure and happiness when she had noticed him, followed by sorrow and guilt as Joey had treated him to such cruel and open distaste.
He had no idea just how much Joey knew, but when a man looked at you the way Joey had, well, Dean knew he was no fool. Joey, at the very least, assumed there was something going on. And because his emotions were so open and honest, he probably couldn’t have hidden them completely if he tried, Dean felt sorry for him.
Abby was an amazing woman, and he had a feeling that Joey suspected things were already over between them. But of course, this whole thing still ate away at Dean. Joey and Abby were together, and they were going to game, together. It set his insides to a slow burn, one that crept higher and higher until it singed the fringes of his heart. Maybe he didn’t have any reason to feel this way, but he was totally and utterly jealous.
Walking into the locker room, Dean slapped a few high-fives to his teammates and muttered absent greetings as he passed on his way to his stall to get dressed.
And if anybody noticed his foul mood, they didn’t bother to approach him or call him out on it. After slipping into his compression wear, Dean went about his pregame warm up mechanically, it was all routine anyways, so his thoughts being elsewhere wasn’t too much of a problem for him. Of course, he knew if he didn’t clear the negativity away soon, it could very well affect his performance.
So as he continued to prepare his body for the battle ahead, he tried to focus his mental energies on something else. He turned his thoughts to Chicago and their current winning streak. He imagined how good it would feel to end it. How much he would love to win the game knowing Abby was here, watching. Abby. God, what the hell did he need to do to get that little redheaded witch out of his mind?
Ordinarily, it wouldn’t have bothered him to think about her, in fact, the last two games that she had attended, he had played better in her presence. But knowing she was here with Joey, on a date, and it didn’t really matter that he KNEW it was likely to be their last date ever, just the thought of Joey with his hands on her, anywhere on her, set his teeth to a grind.
Even the impromptu soccer game out in the hall with the rest of the guys couldn’t save him from his virile thoughts. He wanted to march right up to their box seats and rip Joey right out there. Just imagining some massive usher ejecting him from the arena was enough to make Dean consider the idea more seriously. Of course, he couldn’t actually bring himself to do it. He wasn’t that kind of guy, no matter how much it bothered him to think of Joey and Abby up there watching the game together, he knew he couldn’t act on such ridiculous impulses. He just needed to forget about it, and get his damn head in the game.
As he and the rest of his team suited up and took turns boosting morale and encouraging each other to bring forth their best game on the ice, Dean finally felt the tension coiled tightly inside himself begin to ease. The pressure faded slowly while he contemplated the fight ahead of them, and Dean breathed a sigh of relief, he could do this. He could put Abby on the back burner for now and focus. Where there was a will there was a way, and he certainly needed all of his willpower if he and the Slashers were going to come away with the win.

When the lights came up and the pregame show ended, Abby sat on the edge of her seat. This was a big game, and she was nervous. She knew Dean was a professional and she shouldn’t have been worried about how her and Joey’s presence would affect him, but she was scared for him just the same. Joey, having resigned himself to forgetting the whole interlude with Dean at Marlin’s was as companionable as ever once the Slashers took to the ice. His mother could be dying, but give him a good seat at a Slashers game and his mourning could wait. Nothing existed anymore except him and the two teams battling it out below.

The Slashers played their hearts out, keeping Chicago off the scoreboard for the first two periods as Crawford pitched his own shutout against them. It was a battle of wills, but with the right line combinations, they were able to keep the Blackhawks shining stars to a dull glow. Early in the third period, however, Kane finally got the best of them with a clear shot past Baudin’s glove hand assisted by Panarin. It was heartbreaking but ultimately inspired the team to rally back with a goal of their own. Donovan took a clean pass off the boards from Petrovic and after an initial blocking attempt by Crawford, he nailed the rebound through his five-hole, sending the crowd into an uproar.
The tie would not last long, however. Cursing himself, Dean was sent to the penalty box on a delay of game call after shooting the puck out of play, and Toews shot one wide of the net that was scooped up by Hossa and redirected back out to the blue line where Keith waited patiently, scoring off a one-timer.
With just under three minutes remaining, Dean slid from the penalty box prepared for the fight of his life. When the clocked ticked under two minutes, and Chicago iced the puck, the Slashers pulled their faithful goalie and loaded the ice with their top six guys. Of course, the Blackhawks were no slouches and fought tooth and nail to hold onto the one-goal lead.
Finally, on a fluke pass from Donovan, with the clock steadily winding down, Dean, who was holding camp in front of the net, felt puck meet stick and slammed it home, tripping up in the process and landing on a body nearby. But as the goal horn sounded and he scrambled excitedly to his feet, Dean caught sight of the nearest linesman as he frantically waved off the tying goal.
“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me!” Dean shouted at the ref, after spitting out his mouth guard.
Looking up at the replay on the JumboTron, Dean watched what was clearly a good goal, as the puck slid into the back of the net a mere fraction of a second before he had tripped and fallen on top of Crawford.
“That’s a shit call ref, and you know it!”
Unperturbed, the linesman stuck to his guns and waved Dean over to the bench, making the official ruling that the goal was disallowed due to goalie interference.
With the soul crushing decision final, the Slashers took the ice for the final thirty seconds of the game, falling two to one to the reigning Stanley Cup Champs.
Chapter 16
Once More With Feeling



Abby and Joey left the arena in a type of stunned silence. Abby no longer felt guilty about the remote possibility of having any type of negative effect on Dean once he was out on the ice, he had proven that whatever his feelings were concerning her and Joey’s being there, he could still play up to snuff. In fact, he’d played better, harder even than she’d ever seen him play.
The Blackhawks were, unfortunately, just the better team tonight. Coach Q had outfoxed them, or at least that’s how the media would probably spin it. Everyone knew that that had been a good goal, just because some blind ref had lost sight of the puck, didn’t make it any less of a perfect shot. If only they’d still had a timeout, they could’ve used a coach's challenge about then.
So Abby left with a heavy heart, not because she was a fan of the team, though she was, but because Dean had poured himself into that game, he fought harder than anyone could’ve asked him to, and he had been robbed. Of course, had the goal been allowed, and they’d gone into overtime, the outcome might still have been the same, but at least they would’ve retained a point in the process.
This loss just opened the gap between first and second, giving Chicago a little more breathing room in the race for the president's trophy. Not that any of them really cared. The extra bling was nice to have, but the Stanley Cup was the ultimate goal.
Joey, on the other hand, was crushed. It was as if someone had reached into his chest and squeezed his heart into a bloodless, lifeless little ball. His emotions were easily readable, and Abby knew now was certainly not the time to mention that this was just another game, the team was doing great, and would bounce back easily. The fact that Joey seemed to feel more strongly about a hockey team than he did about his relationship with Abby, never appeared to cross her mind.

Dean shoved his helmet onto the shelf of his cubby forcefully with an audible crash, “damn it!” he shouted before slumping onto the bench and pulling off his skates.
He should’ve had that goal! Damn it, he DID have that goal! The NHL and their stupid rules, their blind ass referees! While he knew he hadn’t done anything over the course of the past hour that had inadvertently cost them the game, it sure felt like it was his fault. What if he hadn’t taken that senseless penalty? What if he had been just a little quicker on the face-offs? If he had gotten just one more draw in the offensive zone?
He could ask himself a million other questions, none of it mattered. They had lost, and that was that. It didn’t matter if both teams had been scoreless going into the third. It didn’t matter that they were even strength in their shots on goal. At the end of the game, the Blackhawks had one more goal, and that’s what mattered.
Besides, even if they’d made it into overtime, with the new three on three format, and Jonathan Toews’ ability to come up big when the situation required it, they probably would have lost anyways. Sure the point for making it there would’ve been nice to have, but in the scope of things, it really wasn’t that much of a big deal. The Slashers were on track, barring major injury, of course, to win the top seed in the eastern conference, the president's trophy was nice to have, but really, no one, aside from the Blackhawks in the lockout season during two thousand and thirteen had gone on to win the Stanley Cup after claiming the president's trophy, in a long time.
It still galled him to get so close, only to eventually fall short of their goal. They’d have to do better, hell they’d have to BE better next time. They faced the Blackhawks again at the United Center in Chicago late in January, perhaps they’d be better equipped for battle by then. And just like that, as he focused on the future, the sting of tonight’s loss dissipated.

Once back at Abby’s place, Joey didn’t even try to extend the evening. But rather curtly, he thanked her for a great day and told her he needed to get home, telling her he was tired. It was, after all, a long drive from Savannah to Yulee and the traffic on Islands Expressway had been a nightmare as everyone tried to leave the stadium at once. It took them more than an hour just to get back to I-95.
But despite his cordial tone, Abby had a feeling it had less to do with being tired and more to do with his feelings about the relationship between Abby and Dean. While a part of her wanted to reassure him that she still cared about him, that deep down she still found him attractive, she knew it would be a mistake, to say anything at all. So she let him go. With his head held down while he crossed the yard and got into his car, he peeled out slightly in her driveway as his tires grabbed for purchase on the dew covered grass.
Turning from the door, Rufus diligently by her side, Abby went upstairs and got undressed. Slipping into an oversized t-shirt, she crawled into bed and pulled the covers up to her waist. She grabbed the latest Nora Roberts novel out the drawer of her bedside table and snuggled deeper into the warmth of her bed.
Immersed in what she was reading, she watched the characters of Nora’s imagination leap off the pages. It helped her forget about everything, if only for a little while. She let the world and all its current pressures slip away. Rufus found himself a bone and jumping up onto the bed, stretched out alongside Abby, anchoring the treat between his paws as he chewed it apart.
With her best friend beside her, it was just the right way to end the day, lost in someone else's problems, their conquests, and their triumphs.

Saturday and Sunday passed by in a haze. Between the yard work, and the house cleaning she’d been putting off, Abby spent most of her Saturday dirty, sweaty, and tired. She’d spoken to Dean briefly that night, he had just landed in Montreal, as they were set to play the Canadiens on Monday, and though they didn’t talk about Joey, and Dean never asked her how the date went, or if she’d reached any sort of decision, the subject hovered between them, it was in fact, the only thing Abby had thought about, all day.
Instead, Dean told her about mundane and useless things, about a joke he’d heard in the locker room, a rather raunchy one at that, but Abby didn’t mind, she thought it was hilarious. And he told her about the weather, it was snowing in Canada, the fresh white flakes falling, fat and soft. He said it was like a postcard it was so pretty. Unspoiled, he’d said. Abby told Dean about Sparky, and how she’d agreed to give Sam her first lesson tomorrow. And then they said their goodbyes. She wished him and the Slashers good luck, and he said he hoped Sam’s first lesson went off without a hitch.
She hadn’t heard from Joey.
On Sunday afternoon, as Abby tightened the girth of Sparky’s saddle, she wondered when he’d call. She wondered what she’d say to him. He had a right to know how she was feeling, but she was scared. She’d already hurt him, she was sure of it, so how could she possibly conceive doing it some more? Then again, Dean had a right to know how she felt as well. Two hearts on the line and one of them had to be broken.
Sam came over then, dressed in a t-shirt and jeans, sporting a pair of brand new riding boots, she waved to Abby and smiled brightly. Oh to be young and careless, Abby thought to herself.
“Hey Abby, thanks again for doing this!” she exclaimed holding out a carrot to Sparky who nibbled on it gracefully.
“It’s no problem, really,” Abby insisted while she looped the reins over the saddle horn. “I was kind of bored, so I went ahead and saddled him for you, figured you already had that down anyways.”
Sam wiped her slimy hands down the side of her jeans, and patted Sparky lightly on the neck, “does he need to be lunged first?” she asked.
“No, I think he’ll be alright, lunging is just something you should know how to do if you’re going to own a horse.”
Placing her hand between Sparky’s belly and the girth, Abby checked one last time to make sure it was tight enough, grabbing the saddle horn and giving it a good tug in each direction.
“Alright, let’s go,” she said, lacing her fingers together to give Sam a boost. “I’ll give you a leg up.”
Sam climbed awkwardly into the saddle putting a foot in each stirrup and taking the reins from Abby. With a brief sigh, she urged her mount forward. Abby waited until they reached the round pen, shutting the gate behind them, before she unclipped the lead rope she’d been holding, giving Sam complete control.
The lesson lasted two hours as Abby put Sam and Sparky through their paces. Mostly trust building exercises and basic commands, going over ground poles, getting used to leg cues, backing up, neck reining, and learning how to trot. She’d save learning how to canter for their next lesson. Sparky still needed time to recondition.
“Alright Sam, that was a great first lesson. You’re a natural.” Abby said as she walked over and clipped the lead rope onto Sparky’s halter once again.
“Thanks, Abby,” Sam replied, leaning over to pat Sparky’s neck. “That was amazing!”
“Just wait until the two of hit the open trails together. Now that’s amazing!”
Abby opened the gate, and under Sam’s direction led them back to the barn, leaving the two of them alone once she helped Sam out of the saddle.
Abby spent the rest of the afternoon online, looking for a dress to wear to the banquet. Something else she would have to try and explain to Joey. ‘Oh Dean just casually invited me to a black tie affair, it’s no big deal, really.’ Right. Cause that was going to work. Of course, after Friday night's brush off, she was pretty sure she’d already made up her mind. Hadn't she?
Things between her and Joey had been lacking for a long time. Of course, without Dean’s intervention, she probably still wouldn’t have figured that out. Nobody else had been willing to point it out to her, well, Monica did, but only subtly. Had she not met Dean that night, she might have been able to shrug the whole thing off and fall comfortably back into her routine.
Abby could admit to herself that her relationship was over, but could she admit it to Dean? To Joey? With a sigh, she resigned herself to an answer. She’d have no choice but to tell them both, unless she wanted to break her own heart as well as both of theirs. No, breaking one heart was bad enough, and surely she’d feel some of Joey’s pain in the process. But when to tell him?
She had almost worked up the nerve to call him when Sam burst through the door.
“Abby! Come quick, it’s Harley! I think there’s something wrong!”

After loading a stiff and seizing Harley into the cab of her pickup, Abby rushed her to the vet's office, ringing the on call vet first and proceeding to spend the next two hours pacing the floor of the waiting room, hoping and praying for some good news. Or any news for that matter.
Finally, after what had felt like an eternity, Abby dashed towards the opening doors as the vet, one they had been working with for years at the shelter, walked out into the waiting room, still donning his latex gloves, he swiped a towel over his graying and sweaty brow, “she’s going to be fine Abby.” He assured her, placing his gloves in a trash can by the receptionist desk then taking her hands and patting the tops.
Doctor Gruff, was anything but, he was a robust seventy-ish man, with a patient and caring attitude. He also donated most of his time and services to the shelter, and gave pretty steep discounts on medications as well.
“What, what happened to her?” Abby stammered as she tried to catch her breath.
“I’m pretty sure she’s had a reaction to the heartworm treatment, but she’s going to be fine Abby, she’s young, and she’s strong,” he said, leading her over to a couple of chairs and sitting them both down. “I gave her a sedative, she’s resting now. I’m going to keep her for a few days, and we’ll be changing her course of treatment, but I still think she’ll make a full recovery.”
Abby breathed a giant sigh of relief and sunk a little in her chair. She’d known from the start that Harley was heartworm positive, she’d spent the first two years of her life living in a mosquito infested backyard, hell, she’d been surprised that Duchess wasn’t positive too, but she’d known, and the shelter had taken on the job of getting Harley treated.
Doctor Gruff had donated his time and given her the necessary treatment to combat the early stages of the heartworm disease she’d been suffering from. Abby knew there were risks with the medication, but so far, she’d been okay. Until now.
“Thank you Doctor Gruff, thank you so much.”
He patted her on the shoulder before standing and helping her to her feet, “did you want to go back and see her before you go?” He asked.
Nodding, Abby followed him into the back room where they kept their overnight guests, and over to a kennel, still open, where Harley lay, eyes closed resting peacefully.
Abby stroked her head gently, murmuring sweet words of encouragement. After a few minutes, she finally pulled herself away, thanked the vet again profusely, and promised to call first thing in the morning to check on her.
Once Abby got home again, she marched directly out to the kennels and grabbing a leash, hooked it onto Duchess’s collar and walked around in the yard for a couple of minutes so that she could relieve herself before she took her inside. “You’re staying inside tonight girl,” she whispered to the dog as she scratched her behind the ears and unhooked the leash once they were inside and the door was closed behind them.
Rufus, who had been dancing excitedly around them from the moment Abby had taken Duchess out of her kennel, attacked Duchess playfully, the second Abby released her, and the two of them rushed off to play and explore the limits of Duchess’s new surroundings.
Abby’s heart fluttered as she watched them shoot by in a blur of colors, yips, and howls. Rufus was elated to have his girlfriend with him, and Duchess couldn’t have been happier to be inside, part of the family.
That night, as Abby tucked herself into bed, albeit a very crowded bed, she stroked and kissed, not one but two soft furry heads.

Monday morning found Abby with too many things to do, and not nearly enough time in which to get it all done. After passing off most of her mundane or slightly less important jobs to one of two interns they had hired on, Abby got down to business. First she called the vet’s office to make sure Harley’s condition hadn’t gone south and after hearing that she was awake, alert and doing well, she answered what felt like a hundred emails from media types and other shelters in the area she’d reached out to, and made several phone calls along the same lines.
With their shelter nearly empty, Abby had contacted at least five shelters in the area, and two more near Savannah requesting photos and information on their adoption ready animals. Now she had the giant task of narrowing them all down to twenty, and arranging transportation to the event, now less than two weeks away.
She also had to approve and finalize the details of said event, on top of the documents from Jean that still needed her attention, and the photographer needed decisions made about layouts, borders and color schemes. It was simply too much for one person to get done in one week. But damned if she wouldn’t find a way to get it all done.
Of course, she also needed to go shoe shopping and make sure the dress she’d ordered got there on time for Saturday night’s banquet dinner with Dean. Oh God, the banquet! She still needed to talk to Joey about it. She’d meant to last night, or at the very least see when he was available, but then there’d been the emergency with Harley, and she’d felt compelled to spend the rest of the night getting Duchess acclimated to indoor living.
Which of course, only led to more distractions, Abby had decided last night she wanted to adopt Duchess, and thinking about the sweet baby now and her ordeal, sidetracked her again, she started looking for the correct paperwork, filling it out, thinking about buying her a new collar, and before she knew it, she’d let too much of the day slip away, and it was time to go home. Abby printed off the adoption application, reviewed and sent the rest of her emails, and shut down for the night. Joey fell by the wayside. Again.
Abby drove out to her mother’s neck of the woods that night, had a quiet meal with her, which both had only moderately enjoyed, and stopped at the mall to pick up a pair of emerald green shoes with a four-inch heel that were ensconced in sparkling little stones. They were the perfect complement to the strapless evening gown she’d purchased online.
It was a white mermaid gown that sparkled and shimmered and was sure to hug her curves in all the right places. Floor length with a short train, it had a slit on one side that would hit her mid-thigh, and the bodice was covered in round beads of various sizes and colors, while the back was mostly open and would tie in a bow at the small of her back after a slight crisscrossing pattern.
Stunning, it was simply stunning.
She couldn’t wait for Dean to see her in it, and she couldn’t wait to dance with him, to be held in his arms, to spend the rest of the evening tangled in his sheets as they made love. But first, she needed to call Joey, she really needed to talk to him.
Instead, Abby spent a few hours in her home office going through the rest of her inbox and responding to those she could before taking a long hot shower and fell exhausted into bed. She dozed off briefly before the phone on the bedside table began to shrill, rousing her from her light slumber.
“Hello?” she said groggily, rubbing her eyes.
“Abby? Hey, it’s Dean, sorry it’s so late, the game just ended, and I really wanted to hear your voice.”
Abby shot up in bed, turning on the bedside lamp and looking at the clock. Midnight. Still, just the sound of his voice was like heaven to her ears.
“No, no, it’s fine. Did you win?”
Dean laughed, “yeah, five to two, are you sure it’s not too late? Sounds like I woke you up.”
Running a hand through her hair, Abby shook her head just before realizing in her hazy state of mind that he wasn’t there, and therefore couldn’t see her shaking her head. “Really, it’s fine. Who did you guys play again? I kinda lost track of the schedule.”
“The Senators, Ottawa. Enough about the game, though, how was your weekend? I really missed you.”
They spent the next half hour talking about what they did over the weekend, she filled him in on Harley and her present condition, and after a little more reassurance that the dog would be fine, Abby told him about her plans for the rest of the week. She told him how much work she had to do, and made tentative plans for lunch on Thursday before Dean had to fly out to New York to tango with the Islanders.
He had a home game against them on Wednesday prior to that. It was going to be a busy week for both of them, and while lunch sounded nice, Abby wasn’t going to hold her breath, either one of them may need to cancel.
After a heartfelt goodnight from both of them, Abby wished him safe travels and they ended the call. God how good it was to hear his voice. She hadn’t realized just how much she’d needed that. It was a piece of mind she hadn’t yearned for in the past. If she and Joey had gone days without speaking, it was normal and had never affected her this way. It was just one more affirmation, and as much as she didn’t want to break his heart, she knew the time had come, and she absolutely had to stop putting it off.
And with that, she scrambled out of bed and into her home office, booting up her laptop and logging into her email. Since she didn’t want to panic Joey, she started with an apology and finished with a let’s do lunch, you tell me when. Then it was back to bed, where her two chowhounds gladly slid over to allow her back under the covers and snuggled, one on each side as she drifted back off to sleep.
Chapter 17
Decision Time



As the week wore on, and Tuesday became Wednesday, eventually giving way to Thursday, Abby accomplished everything she had set out to, one thing at a time. The Slashers were shutout two to nothing by the Islanders the night before, and Dean had left her a sweet little email with details about the upcoming banquet attached.
There was nothing from Joey. No emails, no calls, just silence. Perhaps a part of her worried, but with all the chaos surrounding her, Abby’s conscious mind had barely noticed.
By Friday afternoon, Abby was exhausted. It took all her willpower not to leave on her lunch break and slip quietly into a coma, as her home, and her bed beckoned her longingly. Between her regular duties and finalizing the details of both calendar and event, not to mention buying new cosmetics and hair accessories for the banquet, Abby had worn herself out almost to the point of falling flat on her face.
Just as she contemplated pushing her keyboard aside and taking a nap for the rest of her shift, Riley walked in, knocking on the door as she entered. Abby looked up from the paperwork she was looking over and as her eyes took in the rather large bouquet of flowers her friend was holding, a slow grin spread across her face.
“Delivery,” Riley chirped happily setting the beautiful arrangement on the desk in front of her and bending down the smell the cheerful colors.
Abby snatched the card from the multicolored roses and read aloud, “A little something to brighten your day, Dean.” Sighing, she held the card to her chest and plucked one long stemmed pink rose from the vase, smelling it and twirling it between her fingers.
“Lucky you,” Riley teased, one hand on her hip as she used the other to reach out and stroke a smooth white petal. “So does this mean the two of you are official?”
“What’s official?” A masculine voice broke in, causing both women to turn their heads suddenly, nearly giving them whiplash in the process.
“Um, I’m thinking about adopting Duchess,” Abby blurted out, recovering quickly.
Joey nodded, and as he shoved his hands in the pockets of his slacks, he stepped closer to examine the fragrant blooms, “nice flowers,” he said taking a seat.
“I’ll uh, I’ll catch up with you later Abby,” Riley said nervously, skirting around Joey and the awkwardness that hung in the air. “Joey, always a pleasure.”
Joey gave her a curt nod as she left, “what’s up with her?” he asked turning his attention to Abby, and the flowers as she moved them to the corner of her desk and out of her sight lines.
“Don’t know. What about you? What’s up with you Joey?”
He shrugged, “you told me to let you know when I wanted to have lunch, so here I am.”
“Lunch, right. Did you want to go out? Or should I order in?” She asked rifling through her drawer and coming up with a couple of takeout menus. “What are you in the mood for?”
“Who gave you the flowers Abby?”
Abby looked up, shocked. “I’m sorry what?”
“The flowers, where’d they come from?” he asked again, pointing at the roses in question.
Abby chewed her bottom lip for a minute, she contemplated lying to Joey, she had the strongest urge to tell him something, anything other than the truth. She’d been working towards this moment for over a week now, and here it was, right in front of her, the time had come, to be honest with Joey. She just didn’t want to do it, though.
Joey sighed loudly, commanding her attention. “You know what, forget it. I’m just going to go.”
“Wait? Go? Why?”
“Abby, I’m not an idiot.”
“And I never said you were,” she interjected before he could get to his feet.
“No, you didn’t,” he admitted hanging his head momentarily. “But I’m an accountant Abby, and It’s all finally starting to add up.”
“I’m a little confused Joey.”
“Are you? Or are you just trying to be nice?”
Sighing, Abby slumped back in her chair. She was exhausted, and she felt like an utter fool. Joey was a great guy, and he deserved so much better, he deserved the truth. “What do you want me to say,” she asked sullenly.
“Let’s start with the truth, Abby. The flowers,” he said again, this time standing and gripping the back of the chair as he stared at her. He was hurting, she could see it in his eyes, and the shadows beneath them. “Who gave you the flowers Abby?”
“It’s like you said, you’ve done the math.”
“It was never about the Calendar was it?” he asked without accusation.
“Joey, I. I don’t know what to say.” Abby reached out to touch him, but decided against it and held back. “I never meant for any of this to happen.”
Joey shrugged his shoulders. “Only a fool wouldn’t have noticed the change in you, Abby. I guess I just tried to convince myself I was wrong.” He pulled a small black velvet box out of his coat pocket, “I was going to give this to you after the game that night, and then he walked in. The smile on your face, oh God Abby, I thought I’d die.” He said opening the box to reveal a generous square cut diamond ring. Dumbfounded she stared at the ring open mouthed.
“You’ve been so busy lately, and I thought, well, that night was perfect. But I was already too late wasn’t I? No, don’t answer that.” he said closing the box and putting it back in his pocket. “I’ve done a lot of thinking over the last week, and I don’t blame you, Abby. It’s okay, really. I understand.”
“You, you what?” She choked out. Tears began slipping down her cheeks, Joey reached over and wiped at one gently with his thumb.
“We’ve been dating for three years Abs, but you don’t have so much as a toothbrush at my place. When we were sitting there, at the restaurant for our anniversary, it kind of hit me you know. Three years is a long time to date, and of course, the next logical step was marriage. But there’s nothing logical about love is there?”
Abby leaned into his hand and shook her head against his palm.
“I’m very fond of you Abby, you have to know that. You’re a beautiful woman, and you have a big heart. But I was being selfish.”
She peered up at him through her wet lashes with a somber look in her eyes. He was wrong, wasn’t he? She was the selfish one. Abby couldn’t understand how Joey would be so accommodating when she was the one that had cheated on him, she had betrayed him and yet here he was claiming to be the selfish one!
“You deserve all the trappings of love Abby, not this comfortable little cocoon we’ve made.”
Abby pulled back and wiped the end of her sweater across her face. “I thought we were happy Joey. But you’re right, and I’m so sorry. I didn’t want to hurt you.”
“You love him, don’t you Abby?” He asked softly, after contemplating her last statement for a few seconds.
She nodded.
“I thought so, and of course, any idiot could see he’s crazy about you. I hope he makes you happy Abby, you deserve so much more than I could ever give you,” he said with a sad sort of smile.
She did reach out for him this time, grabbing his hand, she leaned in to place a kiss softly to his mouth. “You’re an amazing man Joey McDaniels, you’re going to find the right girl someday. And she’s going to show you the kind of passion I never could.”
Joey smiled and shrugged his shoulders again, “Maybe you’re right.” With that, he turned and walked away. It was a bittersweet moment for Abby. There were no goodbyes, there were no promises to remain friends. They didn’t need any.
Their paths had finished crossing, and they would go their separate ways. Abby knew there would be no mourning, what they had was beautiful, and it hadn’t died, it had just blossomed in a different direction.
Abby’s heart suddenly thudded at the implications. She and Dean didn’t have to hide in the shadows anymore. And she couldn’t wait to tell him.
Tomorrow at the banquet dinner she would do just that! Or perhaps afterward at his place. It didn’t matter where, as long as she cleared the air, and told Dean just how much he meant to her. She didn’t have to feel guilty anymore, and for that reason, the weight bearing down on her heart seemed to ease.
Sliding back into her chair, Abby rested her forehead on the top of her desk and tried to process it all. She had no idea what to expect when she’d told Joey the truth and ended their long-term relationship, but it certainly didn’t resemble anything close to what had just transpired. Joey was unlike any man she’d ever known, or would surely meet. He had humbly and graciously accepted her betrayal. Though it hurt to know she had broken a part of him, she had faith in what she’d said. She knew Joey would find someone who could appreciate him for exactly who he was.
Riley walked back into her office then, and while she would have liked a few more minutes alone, Abby had to admit the company was welcome.
“Hey, everything okay?” She asked hesitantly.
Abby looked up at her, resting her chin on the desk while the tears slid down her cheeks and pooled onto her blotter. Riley grabbed a tissue, walking over to her and crouching down to dab at the wetness.
“How did he look? Joey I mean. How did he look when he left?”
“Like he’d been hit by a train,” she admitted, pulling Abby into her arms as she let loose and cried.
The tears flowed freely, for her, for Joey, for what they had shared, for what they might have been. For everything.
Riley stayed with her for the next hour, she held her while she sobbed, she wiped away her tears, and she listened when Abby was ready to talk. Riley herself had never been in a serious relationship, so she had no idea what Abby was going through, but if love hurt this much, she wasn’t sure she was inclined to let a man get that close anytime soon.
“So, are you going to make a go of things? You and Dean I mean?” Riley asked when Abby had calmed down enough to laugh at some of her dumb jokes.
Abby lifted her shoulders, then nodded “yeah, I think so Ry. I never felt this way with Joey, I think it’s definitely worth exploring.”
“Good for you Abby. I guess I should get back to work, have fun tomorrow night alright?”
“Okay, I’ll call on Sunday, maybe we can get together and go shopping or something, lunch maybe.”
“Only if you’re buying,” Riley joked pointing her fingers in a pistol like motion at Abby.
“You got it,” she laughed as Riley backed out of the office, turning in the doorway with a last wink before disappearing down the hall.

Abby somehow managed to get through the rest of her day, she was even able to finish the remainder of paperwork that had been weighing her down all week. It seemed the mixture of grief and elation was just the right kind of combination she needed to really focus and get things done. So as she locked up her office and headed down stairs, carrying her vase of roses with her, she wasn’t going to let Riley get a hold of this one, she felt, accomplished, and satisfied. In addition to worn out and fatigued of course.
At home, she fed the dogs, took them out for a short run, Harley having had been placed in a new foster home with one of the vet techs from Doctor Gruff’s office, and then dug a pizza out of the freezer, popping it into the oven as she pulled a bottle of juice out of the fridge and poured herself a glass.
Dinner out of the way, she stretched out on the couch downstairs and tuned into the Slasher’s game. It was the beginning of the second period, and they were down by one. She supposed it was an improvement to their being shutout in their previous game against the Islanders, but as she flipped through several channels to see if anything else was on, she secretly hoped they’d squeak out a win.
With a game pretty much every other night, she knew Dean was liable to be tired tomorrow, she didn’t want to add frustrated by a loss to that as well. While she watched an episode of Law and Order, Abby wondered about Dean and what motivated him to keep going the way he did. And with all those thoughts running through her head, she didn’t notice as her eyes continued to get heavy and she drifted off to sleep. Right there on the couch. One dog lay on the floor, and the other at her feet on the end of the couch.
Chapter 18
Seeing Stars



When she finally came to, Rufus panting heavily in her face, the first thing she noticed was the hot and foul doggy breath of her companion, and the second was that she was watching the morning news! Bolting upright, Abby put one hand to her head as a wave of dizziness crashed over her. Getting her bearings, she peered at the TV screen and located the time in the corner of the screen, 6:00 am! It was 6:00 am!
Abby gave herself another couple of minutes, before turning off the TV and straightening up the pillows on the couch. She made her way upstairs, flipping on the coffee maker as she passed through the kitchen on her way to her bedroom to take a shower.
She allowed herself the luxury of enjoying the hot water as it rained down on her, the steam surrounding her and clearing away any remaining fog. Then she quickly dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, heading back downstairs and out the door to check up on the farm.
Even though Sam was now seeing to the day to day of things, Abby still liked to do a walk thru at least once a week to make sure everything was working properly. A downed fence post or a broken water trough could be a very bad thing after all.
Deciding that everything was in order, she played a round of fetch with the two dogs, checked the mailbox for yesterday's mail, and went back inside to scramble a couple of eggs. The Banquet started at 4:00 pm. with a lite meal and the presentation of a rather large donation check, Dean told her he’d pick her up around noon to give them plenty of time to make the three-hour trip to Hilton Head. So after gulping down a small breakfast, Abby wound her way back up the stairs and down the hall to her master bathroom.
Slipping into her new body-hugging dress, she turned in front of the mirror checking out the different angles as the multi-colored beads shimmered and shined in the lights. Her high, firm breasts, were squished into submission, the tops of her creamy globes spilling just slightly over the gown, while her slender waist and the flair of her hips were accentuated by the nipped-in bodice. She felt like a princess going to a ball, and when she slid her feet into the glittering emerald shoes, the picture was nearly complete.
She decided to wear her hair mostly up, with a few loose curls here and there, the fiery copper locks cascading about her pale shoulders like flames licking against whatever dared get in its path. A swipe of blush on both cheeks and a smoky eye with a thick coating of mascara nearly finished off the look. Reaching into her jewelry box, she pulled out a slender tennis bracelet her father had given her for her sweet sixteen and chose a moderate diamond pendant he’d given her the year before, along with a shiny and dangly pair of costume jewelry earrings to bring a little more bling to her ensemble.
Satisfied with her appearance, Abby walked to her closet and picked out a small silver clutch purse, putting her keys, a compact, her license and credit cards, along with a tube of cherry red lipstick into it, and on a whim, she shuffled through her underwear drawer and came up with a little black teddy, shoving it in as well.
The doorbell rang and the dogs sounded off, streaking down the stairs and towards the offending noise as Abby gave one final twirl in front of her full-length mirror, more than happy with the image looking back at her.
Leaving Dean to stew a minute as she carefully picked her way down the steps and across the house, Abby hummed to herself, she hadn’t been this happy in so long, she had almost forgotten how good it felt.
The dogs dashed back inside, tongues lolling, slobber falling in globs once she opened the door, and Dean who had been crouched down, obviously greeting the two frolicking hounds, stood, slowly taking in every inch of Abby. From her shoes to her hair, his eyes didn’t miss a beat, rounding in awe of what he saw.
“Wow,” he stammered. “You look…”
“Amazing?” Abby supplied as he stood there and remained tongue-tied.
“That too.” Dean finally managed, taking a step forward to clasp her hand and help her down the porch steps and across the soft ground to the black sedan that waited in her driveway. “I was going to say, you looked like a mermaid, like that one, what was her name?”
“Ariel?”
“Yeah, Ariel, that’s it. You’re beautiful Abby, and I’m going to be the envy of every man there tonight.”
Dean kissed her hand and bowed slightly before helping her into the backseat of the car, a town car he had obviously hired for this event. Blushing, she tucked a curl behind her ear and gave him a good once over.
“You don’t look so bad yourself there handsome.”
“Thank you,” he replied, throwing his arm around her shoulder and pulling her into the niche he’d made.
Dean was dressed in a designer tux, and though she couldn’t read the label, she guessed it was Prada or something along those lines. It was tailored so well that it fit him like a second skin, showing off his broad shoulders and the way his abdomen tapered off to his lean waist, and muscular thighs. If they weren’t expected to make an appearance tonight, she would have suggested they go straight to his place and lock themselves in for the night.
But as it was, Dean filled her in on the ride about his plans to play politician for the evening and see if he could clean out the pockets of a few influential people.  He was looking to help out a couple of the smaller charities he donated to on a regular basis and knew several people going to the banquet tonight would be willing to part with a couple thousand dollars if he played his cards right.
Even though it was a little more than a three-hour drive, the traffic was heavier than normal, but they still made it there far too quickly for Abby’s enjoyment. She liked sitting in the back of the cozy town car, leaning against Dean, breathing the sweet masculine scent of him, the feel of his arms around her, and the dry taste of the champagne they sipped. She felt like a movie star on the way to her first big premiere. In a way, it was too, she’d been to a couple of events for the ASPCA, but even though they were black tie affairs, they hardly boasted the type of clientele that was supposed to be present this evening.
Several members of various professional and amateur hockey clubs were set to be on hand, as well as a couple of general managers and coaches. This was a big deal, a lot of organizations participated heavily in this charity, it was second only to the Make a Wish Foundation. She’d been told that certain celebrities would probably be attending as well. The likes of Carrie Underwood on that list, since her husband Mike Fisher of the Predators, would likely be there, and a few other big names in the music business as well. She was delighted to be given the chance to mingle and rub elbows with the elite socialites.
Since meeting Dean, he had already opened up so many doors and avenues for Abby to explore, and she was excited to see just how much further he could take her now that she was free to explore all those possibilities, how far they could go together that is. Abby never craved the spotlight, but new things, big adventures were always a thrill, and if that meant meeting famous, and influential people, then she was game.
The Westin Resort of Hilton Head Island was a sprawling and grand hotel. Pearl white with a teal roof, it boasted four hundred and sixteen rooms with over thirty-seven thousand square feet of space both indoors and out that had been reserved for this evening’s event. Looking at the building from the front, there was a large rectangular structure that Abby assumed was the grand ballroom, connected to the main building in the middle by a wing of rooms, and to the left another long corridor of rooms as well.
It reminded Abby of Churchill Downs, though she couldn’t have said why. Perhaps because it was equine like in its design and brought forth an image of wealth and prestige. Whatever the cause, the hotel took her breath away, and she’d only seen the front entrance from the back seat of the car so far.
Thanking his driver, Dean escorted Abby through the vast and polished lobby, down the hall and into the ballroom. Which was indeed grand. A large rectangular space, with a small stage at one end, where a band was already set up and playing a classical waltz, and a row of tables at the other offering a large and extensive buffet.
There was a bar, probably open, and other than the empty space in front of the stage left that way, she assumed, for those who chose to dance, there were tables and chairs grouped strategically about the rest of the room. The walls were darker, neutral beige tones, with a lighter wainscoting, and tray ceilings. Looking down she noticed designs splashed across the floor that reminded her of dandelion flowers, like the ones she used to blow on when she was a kid. The soft fluffy seeds getting carried away in the wind. It was a whimsical touch to the otherwise classic features.
Glancing out through the large windows that faced the ocean, Abby saw that the party extended outside into the pool area as well, tables and chairs were again placed orderly around the deck, there was another bar, and of course the view of the majestic and beautiful blue waters beyond. They couldn’t have picked a better place for tonight’s event even if they’d tried.
For the better part of the next two hours, Dean dragged Abby around the room, introducing her to this person and that. She’d met so many different people that she could no longer keep all the names let alone their faces straight, and often looked to Dean for guidance if someone she’d already been introduced to came back again for more small talk.
They rummaged the buffet after making the rounds, taking a seat near the stage to enjoy the music and eat a rather fancy seafood dish Dean had insisted she try. It was delicious. The whole evening was beyond perfection. She was Cinderella, and the handsome prince had invited her to the ball. It was quite the fairy tale for sure.
Later, as they stood out on the deck, listening to the faint sounds of the ocean, its waves slapping musically against the shore, Abby leaned into Dean and sighed. He gathered her closer and rested his chin on the top of her head, inhaling the intoxicating scent of her shampoo.
“Well, if it isn’t Dean Kirk.” Came a voice from behind, shattering the intimacy of the moment.
Dean turned to face the speaker, his arm around Abby and a scowl on his face.
“Kane,” Dean nearly grumbled. “I didn’t think you were coming this evening; you’ve got that game against the Kings tomorrow night don’t you?” He said a little more pleasantly once Abby pinched him on the bottom after that initial grimace.
Patrick Kane, in all his roguish glory, shook his shaggy blonde head and gave the couple a once over, twice once he got closer.
“Yeah, I’m catching a flight straight to California once this is over.” He replied extending a hand to Abby. “Who’s this lovely lady you’ve brought with you? You usually bring your sister to these sort of things don’t you?”
Abby blushed and snuggled closer to Dean as Patrick Kane flashed her a quick grin and kissed the top of her hand lightly.
“Abigail Clement, this is Patrick Kane, Pat, this is Abby.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Abby, Dean here sure is one lucky guy, if I weren’t already spoken for myself I might try to whisk you away.”
“Speaking of which, where is your beautiful girlfriend Patty?”
Patrick Kane laughed, releasing Abby’s hand and taking a slight step backward, “point taken. She’s around her somewhere, I think she said something about catching up with France and Denise, wanted to ask them a question about the horses.”
“I’m sorry, France?” Abby cut in, looking up at Dean questionably.
Dean smiled, “Francois, everyone calls him France.”
“Oh.” She replied, a little embarrassed.
“Shame about that goal the other night eh?” Patrick said getting the conversation back on track.
“I was robbed,” Dean nearly ground out between his teeth.
“Oh, I agree. I thought it was a bad call. Clearly a goal, I was looking forward to overtime.”
“Thanks, we’ll do better next time.”
“I look forward to it,” Patrick replied with a smile. “I’d better go find the little lady, it was nice meeting you, Abby.”
“You too.”
“Dean.” Patrick nodded taking his leave, “be sure to hang onto this one.”
“I will,” Dean assured him, as he turned with a wave and walked back into the ballroom.
Spurred on by jealousy or just the need to claim her as his own, Dean pulled Abby up against him then and as she slid her hands up the length of his smooth back to grip his shoulders, he pressed a rough yet extraordinarily romantic kiss to her juicy red lips. Parting them with his tongue and delving deeper into her mouth.
“Let’s get out of here, let’s go get a room,” Dean said breathlessly after the contact ended, their foreheads resting against each other.
Abby shook her head, “uh uh Casanova, you’ve got some schmoozing to do.” She replied regretfully.
Holding onto her for one more second, Dean sighed, then looping her arm through the crook of his elbow, led them back into the fray.
After a few more rounds, and a lot of friendly banter between teammates and competitors, they took a twirl around the dance floor, and Dean left Abby in the capable hands of France and Denise as he proceeded to woo a big investor.
Abby sipped champagne, and listened while France and his lovely wife talked about the impending birth of their first child, she wasn’t showing yet, but the two of them were beaming from ear to ear. Denise glowed in that way that only pregnant women could, and France, who looked at her adoringly, was clearly taken with his exquisite wife of four years.
Dean had cornered her at one point in the conversation, whispering rather intriguing suggestions in her ear as he told her he intended to get a room and drag her up to it as soon as he finagled every last dime from the gentleman he had currently abandoned to grab a couple of brandies. Of course, Abby had something else in mind. So after another half hour of pretending to be interested in France’s RC hobby, though even Denise began picking at her nails while giving the occasional vague response, Abby bid them a good evening and went in search of Dean.
Her mind abuzz with the bubbly she’d consumed, she was flushed and felt like she was floating. But on the inside, she was really just itching to get her hands beneath that suit of his. Of course, since he didn’t have another game until Tuesday, and tomorrow was only Sunday, Abby didn’t want to spend the evening here in the hotel, no matter how romantic or luxurious the room, they’d still have to get up and out by eleven the next morning, and once she got Dean naked and into bed, she didn’t want to be disturbed for at least twenty-four hours. So she quickly concocted a plan as she looked around the room for her dazzling escort.
Chapter 19
The Big Boobed Bimbo



Using her key an hour later, Abby turned the lock, opening the door and walking into Dean’s condo. Dean was still schmoozing with a couple of the bigger fish at the banquet, hoping to gain a sizable donation from their organization, so feigning a sudden illness, Abby had begged off.
Ever the gentleman, Dean wanted to go with her, but she assured him she was just probably overworked and needed to rest. Dean insisted she take his car service home and with a light pat to the derriere he grudgingly sent her on her way, promising he’d call to check on her as soon as he was free to leave.
Of course, Abby wasn’t sick or tired for that matter at all. Smirking to herself, she patted her purse remembering how she had managed to sneak a little silky something into it that slipped Dean’s notice when he picked her up earlier. She intended to be waiting for him in bed when he arrived, and give his tired and delectable body the rub down it so desperately deserved.
“Dean? Is that you?” Inquired a light feminine voice, ripping Abby from her erotic daydreams. “Oh, you’re not Dean,” she said almost nonchalantly as she appeared in the doorway of Dean’s home office.
The lanky blonde was wearing one of Dean’s practice jerseys and holding a half-full wine glass in one hand while she used the other to muss up her wavy locks. She quickly assessed Abby with a hard stare from her yellow-green eyes and gave her a merciless smile.
“You must be Abby,” she purred.
Too stunned to speak, Abby stood with her back to the door staring blankly at the ethereal woman standing before her.
Yyes, I’m Aabby,” she finally stammered.
Nodding, the long legged goddess set down her wine glass and motioned to the couch beside her. “Don’t be shy, make yourself right at home, I’m sure Dean won’t be too much longer, but you know how these things go.”
Was this woman out of her mind? Abby thought finally coming to. She was in Dean’s house, wearing his jersey and drinking wine like it was no big deal! As if she actually belonged there! And to top it off she knew exactly who Abby was! This had to be some kind of sick joke! Right? Dean couldn’t really be that dense, could he?
Sure, they hadn’t really talked about being exclusive, especially since to his way of thinking she was still in a relationship herself, but she certainly remembered telling him she wasn’t sleeping with Joey anymore. That had to count for something! Abby was no fool, she knew Dean wasn’t a monk, and surely he’d been with other women since Angela, but other than the formalities, she figured they weren’t seeing anyone but each other. Yet here she was in all her glory, this woman, just hanging out unabashedly in Dean’s condo.
This was too crazy for even Abby’s mind to comprehend. And why was she being so damn friendly to her? Shouldn’t she have tried to kick her out or something? At the very least she shouldn’t have been so accommodating. Or was this the type of relationship Dean expected to have with his women? Open and understanding to a fault. Abby mentally shook her head. No way. Not her. She wasn’t about to share her man with anyone. But hadn’t Dean been sharing her with Joey?
Snubbing herself again, Abby forced herself to stop comparing the situations. Her relationship with Joey had been dead for a long time. They had essentially been just friends with benefits for the past couple of years. There was no heat, no passion, and certainly no commitment anymore between them. But this thing, whatever it was, was just disturbing, to say the least. She didn’t care how much she loved Dean, oh gosh, she was going to be sick. Closing her eyes briefly as a wave of nausea rushed over her, Abby reached out and steadied herself against the door.
“Are you okay? Why don’t you sit down Hun?” The tall blonde advised.
Abby shook her head, “Nno, I’m fine, I need to go. This was a mistake.”
With that she rushed out the door before the other woman had a chance to speak again, shutting it firmly behind her.
Thankfully, once she stumbled down the stairs she saw the driver Brad, who had dropped her off, chatting up a heavyset brunette waitress from next door and waved him over. “I’m not feeling so hot, do you think you could take me home?” she asked pressing her hand to her stomach as it threatened to pitch again.
“Of course, miss,” he replied with concern.
All through the car ride home, Abby thought about Dean, and how utterly betrayed she felt. It was wrong, it was just all wrong. No matter how she spun it, no matter how much guilt she tried to assume herself, she just couldn’t explain this one away. Who was that woman? And what was she doing in Dean’s condo, alone?  Maybe that was why Dean had been so adamant about getting a room at the hotel, he didn’t want her to run into his houseguest. God, she was such a fool. No, Dean was the fool. How could he go on thinking she wouldn’t find out sooner or later? She read the tabloids, and surely they were bound to pick up on one of his little escapades at some point.
Secrets like this just didn’t stay buried in his line of work. She just couldn’t fathom what could possibly have been going through his mind when he allowed this woman to use his condo.
Once the driver pulled up in front of her house and opened the door, Abby thanked him profusely, and took off her heels, holding them in one hand while she used the other to hold up the train of her dress so it didn’t drag in the mud. Abby fumbled through her clutch for her keys, unlocked the door and tried desperately to no avail to ward off the impending attack as the two clown hounds dashed towards her, their combined weight knocking her onto her butt where they proceeded to lick all the makeup from her face.
Laughing and crying at the same time, Abby managed to push Rufus into a sitting position and wrapped her arms around Duchess’s neck, letting loose with the most pathetic of whales as the tears began to flow. It came as no surprise to Abby that not only did Duchess allow Abby to cry on her doggy shoulders, but she whimpered and licked at Abby’s cheeks trying her best to comfort her master.
Abby stayed that way for several long moments, her body racked with despair. And when she was finally spent and her eyes stopped leaking, Abby pulled herself up, brushed off the dog hair and found the strength to climb the stairs, where she made it as far as her bed, peeling off her dress and falling into it before the next wave of sorrow pulled her under, gripping her so strongly that she didn’t dare deny herself the emotional purge she needed now. She welcomed the pain like a lover, allowing it to consume her.
When the phone rang hours later, Abby was too emotionally raw to even look at the screen, but she knew it was Dean, and she certainly wasn’t ready to talk to him. Instead, she silenced it and shoved it into a drawer, falling back into the darkness and a fitful dreamless sleep.

Abby didn’t get out of bed on Sunday. She called Sam and asked her to feed the dogs, even offered to pay her a little something if she’d wait for the takeout Abby had ordered and bring it up to her. Sam didn’t bother asking why Abby looked as though she had been hit by a bus, she just did as she’d been told and hoped it was nothing contagious.
Dean called several times, Abby finally just shut off the phone.
When Monday morning reared its ugly head, forcing Abby to leave her bed and her pitiful mood behind, she mustered up whatever courage she had on reserve and somehow managed to make it through the day with little notice from her co-workers that she was out of sorts.
Riley, of course, wasn’t fooled, so Abby had lied, she told her she must have eaten some bad sushi or something, and if it hadn’t been for the event coming up, she wouldn’t have come in at all. Satisfied by her answer, or else an exceptionally good actress, Riley left her to her misery and went about preparing a booth they had decided on for the adoption drive.
A local veterinarian in the Savannah area had agreed to donate his time to do free spay and neuters, so the two of them were doing a booth to hand out certificates to those who would adopt that day, in addition to calendar sales of course.
Abby was surprised however when her friend hadn’t balked at her request to hold all calls including those from Dean, who rang her lines, both office, and cell, often. He was a dog with a bone, just chewing away, but Abby wasn’t about to break, she didn’t want to talk to Dean right now. Let him stew a little, let him think about it.
The rest of the week wore on in a similar fashion. Because he had a game in Vancouver on Tuesday and then flew out to battle the Kings on Friday, Abby knew he wouldn’t have the time to just show up and demand an explanation, not that she would have been inclined to give him one, but that didn’t mean he sat back quietly and allowed himself to be ignored.
Dean continued to call, and Abby kept ignoring those calls. She deleted whatever emails he sent, and when a couple of bouquets of flowers had been delivered she threw the note, unread, into the trash and placed the flowers in the break room to be enjoyed by all.
She had considered throwing them out as well, but really, it wasn’t the flowers fault that Dean was a two-timing jackass, and besides, they were pretty to look at. By the end of the week, however, Riley had become more than a little suspicious, walking into Abby’s office and locking the door behind her.
“Okay, spill it.” She demanded, hands on her hips as she stared at a doleful Abby.
“Whatever are you talking about?”
“Uh uh, sister, whatever you’re selling, I’m not buying it. What’s going on Abby? You look like shit, even your makeup can’t hide the awful shadows underneath those eyes.”
Abby sighed, a tear slipping down her cheek, causing Riley to frown and hand her a tissue.
“What did he do to you, baby?” She whispered soothingly as she rounded the desk and began rubbing her back.
Abby couldn’t hold back the floodgates anymore, the dam burst open and the tears streamed down her face as she hiccuped and cried once more in her faithful friend’s arms.
Once she was finally able to control herself, Abby looked down at Riley where she had crouched beside her, and wiping away the last of the tears, she told her about the beautiful evening with Dean and the equally beautiful woman she found in his condo.
“What an asshole!” Riley exploded getting to her feet. “God Abby, I’m so sorry.”
Abby shook her head, “I should have seen this coming Ry, I gave him what he wanted, maybe he was getting sick of me.”
“Oh come on Abby, that’s an excuse and you know it! This isn’t your fault. If he couldn’t keep it in his pants then he’s an idiot, and he doesn’t deserve you!”
“I appreciate what you’re saying, but honestly, it’s just as much my fault as it is his,” Abby said, tossing her tissue into the garbage can and grabbing another one to blow her nose with.
“How do you figure?”
Abby laughed bitterly, “I strung him along for over two months Ry! I hadn’t even told him about my breaking up with Joey yet.”
“He didn’t give you the chance!”
“That’s not the point,” she argued.
“Then what is!? Damn it, Abby, don’t you dare feel sorry for yourself because he’s a cheating asshole!”
“That’s just it Riley, how could he cheat on me if we weren’t together? As much as I want to blame him and agree with you, the fact is, I was still dating Joey as far as he was concerned, so no matter what he told me, I can’t really get upset if he decided to get a little on the side.”
“Oh come off it Abby, that’s bullshit! He gave you the key to his condo, didn’t he? If that doesn’t imply a commitment, then I don’t know what does. And if you can’t trust what he says to you, then you can’t trust him period. I don’t want to hear you defending him again Abby. You’re the victim here!”
With that, Riley stormed out, either too frustrated to hear another word in his defense or just done with the conversation altogether. In the end, though, it left Abby with a lot to think about. Dean had asked her not to sleep with Joey, which in her mind had indeed implied some sort of commitment on his part as well. Thus he had in fact been cheating on her.
On the other hand, though, maybe there was some crazy but logical explanation for that woman being there. No, she thought, shaking her head. She just couldn’t fathom why a beautiful woman would not only be in his condo but obviously have a key to the place, if she and Dean weren’t sleeping together.
Whatever her issues with Dean were at the moment, though, she needed to get a grip on her emotions and find a way to get over it, at least for tomorrow. She could be mad at him after the event after he helped her save dozens of lives.
She owed the animals at least that. It didn’t matter how much it was going to hurt her to have to face him, and he would probably expect her to talk to him, another thing she’d have to find the courage to do, but she wasn’t a coward, and she’d be damned if she was going to let one insignificant prick ruin what she had worked so hard to create.

By the time Saturday morning had rolled around, Dean was beat. Completely drained, mentally, emotionally, and physically. Every muscle in his body ached from the torture of last night’s game, where they had struggled but somehow despite himself managed to come back from a 3-0 deficit to win against the Kings.
It was a much needed two points after falling to the Canucks on Tuesday. Dean just wasn’t himself, and everyone around him knew it. They all kept asking him what was wrong, and what they could do, but Dean didn’t know how to answer them since he didn’t know himself what was going on.
He and Abby had had an amazing time at the banquet, and though she had told him she didn’t feel good, he found out later she’d gone to his condo first, and after acting a little weird, if not slightly green in front of his sister, she'd had Brad take her home. He hadn’t spoken to her since.
It was the longest they had ever gone without some sort of communication, and Dean was really worried. He wasn’t sure what had spooked Abby, or maybe he thought, cringing, she had decided to give Joey another chance and was just too much of a coward to let him know.
That, of course, was his biggest fear, that Abby had made a decision about her future, and he wasn’t included in it. She hadn’t given him any indication one way or the other, but it didn’t put his mind at ease any. Stepping under the screaming hot spray of the shower head, Dean contemplated his next move. He had to speak to Abby, that much was clear. He deserved some sort of explanation for her silence, he’d been patient with her, he gave her the time and space she’d requested, and he wasn’t about to let it all be for nothing!
So as he washed the soap from his body, he decided he’d find a way to get her alone this afternoon, assuming she showed up that is. Of course she was going to, though, he didn’t doubt that. She’d worked too hard on this project not to show up and reap the rewards, she’d be there today, and he’d corner her, pull the truth out of her if it killed him. He had a right to know whether or not she’d chosen to pursue a relationship with Joey rather than with him.
He needed his key back at the very least, not that he was going to lay down and take it. He’d fought hard for Abby, tried showing her that he wasn’t like most athletes, he was a one-woman kind of guy, and right now, forever if it was up to him, he only had eyes for Abby. Hell, he needed her, and if it was a fight she wanted, it was a fight she was going to get.
Buckling his belt, Dean reached into his closet and grabbed a fresh jersey, pulling it on over his t-shirt before slipping on his sneakers, and walking out the door, locking it behind him. He needed to stop at the practice rink first and run through some paperwork with Jean, but if he timed it just right, he might be able to get there with enough time to get Abby alone before the event started.
Traffic was light, and Dean was able to get to the rink in record time, looking over a couple of forms for a new endorsement he’d signed on to, and jumping back into his SUV making haste across town to the arena. Traffic had picked up some as people tried to reach the same destination, and as Dean wound his way through the influx of people to the back lot where staff and players parked, he estimated that well over a couple thousand people had arrived.
It was free admission, parking was relatively inexpensive, the proceeds going directly to the local shelter, and while some of the booths were vendors selling local goods and services, other than the adoptions themselves, most everything else was free.
Dean pulled into his usual spot, cutting the engine, and grabbing a duffel bag from the backseat, he steeled himself for what was yet to come.
Chapter 20
The Main Event



It had been a busy morning for Abby, one that had started at 4:00 am. She arrived at 6:00 am. to start setting up, helping vendors choose their booths, showing delivery drivers where to stow their goods, and just overseeing the process altogether. Since the Slasher’s hadn’t been in the arena all week, a musician who had booked it had to cancel due to illness, Abby had been able to start putting the place together mid-week, remotely of course, she had far too much to get done at the shelter to make the trip back and forth every day. Instead, she sent the interns and a couple of her more expendable employees, armed with a diagram and their cell phones, requesting updates and pictures hourly.
She was pleased with the overall results. There were over fifty vendors spread out both around the interior of the arena where the ice usually was, it was covered now of course, and the rest were set up outside along with the food trucks, a bounce house, a petting zoo, various tailgating activities, a dunking booth, as well as the requested kissing booth, and a couple of live shows or exhibits. Some of the players were set to do different demonstrations or contests, while someone from the local fish and wildlife was doing a wild animal demonstration with some birds of prey, and a couple of snakes.
In addition to her booth, which was going to be outside so she could keep an eye on all the outdoor festivities, there was a meet the adoptable animals booth, vendors selling collars, food and various other supplies, grooming displays, and so much more, everything tailored to meet the needs of animals and their owners.
The Slashers would have a couple different booths of their own as well, to which they would rotate between the dunking and kissing booths. There would be autograph signings and pucks and sticks would be handed out too. Of course, this was all in addition to the main event, the calendar release.
Abby was proud of herself and the work she had done. This was her baby, from conception to birth, she had made it happen.
Just as Abby was putting together the final touches on the last of the booths to get her attention, Jean strolled her way.
“Good morning Abby, everything looks wonderful.”
“Thank you,” she replied graciously. “I couldn’t have done it without you, Jean.”
“It was a pleasure Abby, honest. Looks like we’re going to have quite the turn out too, already lined up at the gates they are, parking lot's full to boot!” Jean exclaimed looking around with approval.
“I saw that; I’m so excited.”
Jean nodded, “well, I guess we’d better get to it then.”

The event long underway, Dean finally found a moment away from the droves of adoring fans disguised as animal lovers and made his way over to the booth where Abby stood directing those around her.
“Abby,” he said placing a hand on the small of her back. “Do you have a minute? We need to talk.”
“Oh?” she asked coolly raising an eyebrow. “And what might we need to talk about Dean? I’m a little busy right now.”
“Don’t you dare freeze me out Abby,” he growled through clenched teeth. “You haven’t returned any of my phone calls since the banquet, and I want to know why.”
“Later Dean, I have things I need to take care of,” she argued icily turning away from him and smiling to a young girl stroking a small kitten.
Dean grabbed her by the arm and wrenched her around to face him, “now Abby,” he threatened.
Running her tongue along her teeth, Abby huffed and followed in the direction he pulled her.
“What happened that night Abby? First, you were sick, then you show up at my condo, and..”
“And what Dean? Run into your mistress?” Abby nearly shouted under her breath.
“My miss…” He stuttered looking completely confused.
“That’s right, your mistress!” She accused throwing her hands up in frustration. “I walked in and there she was, the big boobed blonde bimbo waiting for you to get home. Is that why you wanted to stay at the hotel Dean? So I wouldn’t find out you had that skank stashed in your apartment?”
Dean suddenly bent over and burst out laughing.
Bristling, Abby leaned down to whisper into his ear, “what the hell is so funny?” She demanded.
Standing up as he tried to reign in the hysterics, Dean placed his hands on her shoulders to steady himself.
“You thought Whitney was my Mistress?” He snickered.
“I don’t care what her name is,” she spat, just before donning the meaning of his response. “Whitney. Your sister.” She said dumbfounded slapping a hand to her forehead.
“Didn’t you think it at all odd that she knew your name, Abby?”
“I thought maybe you had some kind of freaky open relationship or something,” she confessed dropping her head. She couldn’t look at him at that moment, she was so mortified by the way she had just acted. Accusing him of God only knew what, and calling his sister a Bimbo! Oh God, she was such an idiot!
Dean rubbed his hands up and down her arms in a soothing gesture. “Whitney came to the banquet with one of the guys from the Islanders, she spilled a glass of wine all over her dress and asked me if she could crash at my place while she cleaned it up. You would have known that if you hadn’t spooked and taken off,” he joked.
“Oh gosh Dean, I’m so sorry. I acted like an idiot.” She said looking into his eyes pleadingly. “Can you ever forgive me?”
“Of course,” he whispered just before pressing his lips gently to her forehead. “But if anything like this ever happens again, talk to me before you make up some outrageous assumptions in that pretty little head of yours. Okay?”
“Okay,” she assured him. “Wait,” Abby said pulling out of his embrace and poking a finger into his chest. “What do you mean if anything like this happens again? Sister or not, how often do you keep half naked women in your condo, Dean?”
Laughing Dean held his palms up to her, “almost never I swear.” He retorted jokingly.
Abby bit her bottom lip and wagged the finger she held up in his face, “you better not be!”
“Oh ho!” Dean quipped. “Is that how it’s going be Ms. Clement? I can’t have half naked women in my apartment, but you can have another boyfriend stashed on the side?”
Grimacing, Abby slapped her palms lightly against his chest. “About that,” she began. “I wanted to tell you that night, after the banquet. I had this little black number picked out and everything.”
“Little black number?” he asked grinning like a fool. “Wait, back up a second, what were you going to tell me, Abby? Is it finally over between you two?”
She slipped her arms around his neck and nodded, “It’s over Dean. In every sense of the word, I’m all yours.”
“Finally!” He shouted. “God Abby, when you refused to talk to me, I thought. Hell, I thought you’d decided to give him another chance. I can’t tell you how much it hurt to think that.”
“I’m sorry about that, I never meant to hurt you, Dean, I was just so confused.”
“I know that now, you have the biggest heart of any woman, no scratch that, of any person I’ve ever met Abby, and I know you’d never hurt anyone if you could help it.” He said pulling her closer and squeezing.
Dean’s words enveloped Abby in a kind of warmth and comfort she’d come to recognize, it was love, and it flowed between them freely.
Taking a step back from him, Abby looked into those emerald eyes of his and smiled. “Thank you, Dean, you can’t know how much it means to me to hear you say that. I don’t think Joey and I ever really loved each other, but I did care about him, and I never wanted to hurt him.”
“I know that Red, and I’m sure he does too.”
“Yeah. Yeah he does, it was a very… amicable split. Although he did admit to me that he was going to propose.”
Dean’s face suddenly went pale, “he was going to do what?”
Laughing, Abby snuggled back into his arms. “He had a ring and everything,” she admitted. “But he knew I was in love with you Dean, so he let me go.”
“Well, that was valiant of him...wait...did you just say you were in love with me?”
Reaching up, Abby placed a delicate kiss on his strong chin, “I did.” she said softly.
Dean let out a whoop of excitement and swung her around in a circle, eliciting a yelp from Abby.
Setting her on her feet, Dean crushed her mouth in a powerful kiss. Right there, for all the world to see, Dean kissed her as though no one was watching. With all the passion he could muster, he showed her how much she meant to him. And how much he had missed her over the past week.
“Wow,” Abby said breathlessly as he pulled away.
“Yeah,” he echoed.
Hands on her hips, shaking her head in disbelief, Riley interrupted then. “Alright Romeo and Juliet,” she joked pointing a finger in Dean’s direction. “Break it up. Casanova here is due at the kissing booth in five, so get over there and pucker up lover boy, mama needs a new convertible.”
Laughing, Dean backed away slowly, eyes on Abby, “we’ll finish this later Red.”
“Promises, promises,” Abby mocked with a wink.
“You can count on it.”
Riley crossed in front of Abby blocking her view of Dean’s cute little tush as he swaggered on over to the booth in question to relieve a thoroughly been kissed Donovan.
“So?” She asked breaking into Abby’s pleasant thoughts.
“Hmm?” Abby answered absently, still watching as Dean tapped his teammate on the back and took up position in the vacant seat while hundreds of women swarmed the lines in hopes of smacking lips with the handsome hunk. It was a good thing she knew it was for charity or she might have been jealous.
Riley snapped her fingers in front of Abby’s face to get her attention, “I said, what was that all about? You two get everything all worked out?”
“It was his sister.”
“What was his sister?” Riley huffed.
“Huh? Oh, the woman in his apartment that night. It was his sister.”
“Oh. Well, I guess that makes sense doesn’t it?”
Smiling Abby turned and walked with Riley back to their own booth, “yeah, I guess that’s why she was so nice to me. I should’ve known really, I mean, he did tell me what she looked like. And now that I think back on it, there was definitely a resemblance.”
“Well then, mystery solved. Meanwhile, we need to go grab a couple more boxes of those calendars, we’re almost out.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, they’re selling faster than a pitcher of lemonade on a hot afternoon in the desert,” Riley replied, exaggerating a little.
Or maybe she hadn’t been. Once they were back at their booth where they were responsible for selling the calendars and passing out spay and neuter certificates, Abby took stock and realized they had little more than half a box left! They’d only ordered and brought a couple thousand copies with them, the rest would be available on the Slasher’s website the following Monday. So Abby had one of the interns that had agreed to help out, go into the arena’s office area and grab the remaining two boxes.
Looking around the parking lot, Abby saw hundreds, no, a couple thousand people wandering the lot. With the carnival type atmosphere and plenty of things to see and do, they had certainly drawn a crowd. She was grateful to the Slasher’s organization in so many ways for all they had done. While many of the vendors had either paid to be here to sell their goods, others like the petting zoo, the bounce house, and dunking booth vendors had donated the use of their equipment, thanks to a fast talking Jean.
And what a success that dunking booth was! For three dollars, you got five chances to dunk whichever member of the Slashers was on deck, and over at the kissing booth, for five dollars, you could pucker up and kiss one of those same handsome men. Donovan and Dean were, of course, fan favorites, but Peter and a couple other of the younger guys garnered quite a crowd too. France didn’t participate at his wife’s insistence, but Donovan agreed to double up and take his spot. Not much of a hardship for him she thought.
They were for sure raking in the dough, though. There would be more than enough to go around at the end of the day, to make a sizeable donation to each of the six participating shelters. And therein lied more good news. All thirty of the animals Abby had taken, and an additional ten from the Savannah Animal Welfare League had all found new homes. In addition to all the money they’d raised, that was the real success of the day. And Abby couldn’t have been happier.
As the afternoon wore down, and Abby started packing things up, an older woman in business attire with a short mop of shaggy red hair, obviously a dye job, given her age, approached her.
“Abigail Clement?” She inquired, extending a hand.
“Yes.”
“Hi, my name is Shelly Adams. I run the Savannah Animal Welfare League.”
Abby gave Shelly a more enthusiastic handshake, her eyes going a little wide. “Oh wow, it’s an honor to meet you, Mrs. Adams. What can I do for you?”
“It’s Shelly, please. And it’s not what you can do for me, it’s what I can do for you.”
“I’m sorry, come again?” Abby asked more than a little confused.
“I’m very impressed with what you’ve done here today,” she said gesturing with her hand to the waning crowds. “I’d like to offer you a job.”
“A job? I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
“Yes, a job. You met with Carly when the two of you set this whole thing up, and well, her husband’s in the Army Reserves. They’re relocating to Washington. So I’ll have an open position, and I’d like to offer it to you.”
“Oh wow. I had no idea, Carly didn’t mention anything.” Abby said for lack of anything better at the moment. She was quite literally in shock.
“No, she wouldn’t have, they just found out. They’ll be leaving next month. So if you want it, the job is yours. The pay probably isn’t much more than you’re getting now, but we do have some pretty good health benefits, and then, of course, there’s the beautiful city of Savannah.”
Abby stood unable to move, unable to think, no idea what to say, as Shelly continued.
“Anyways, give it some thought, and get back to me when you can.” She finished, handing Abby her business card. “It was great meeting you, and I look forward to hearing from you soon.”
The two women shook hands again, and Shelly took her leave, stopping by the petting zoo to bend over and scratch a goat behind the ears.
“Who was that?” Riley said coming up from behind and making Abby jump.
“Jeez Ry, warn a girl before just you sneak up on them like that!” she yelped.
Shrugging, Riley set a box on the ground, “what fun is that? So? Who was she?”
“Shelly from the Welfare League, she offered me a job.”
“Really? A job, just like that?” Riley blurted, placing a hand on one hip and cocking her head to the side. “Are you going to take it?”
“I, I don’t know. There’s a lot to think about.”
“Like what? You’d be a lot closer to Dean.”
“Yeah, there’s that. But what about Sam? And Sparky? I have a mortgage Riley, I can’t just pack up and go.”
“You’ll figure it out,” Riley said waving her off and picking up the box she’d set down a moment before. “Help me load these up yeah?”
Nodding, Abby grabbed another box and followed Riley to her car, it took several trips but they got it all loaded just in time for Abby to catch up with Dean as he walked out of the arena. He’d just finished a picture and autograph session, the lines had closed down more an hour ago, but they still had to take care of all the fans that had made it in before the cutoff.
With a rakish grin on his handsome face, he ran one hand along the back of his neck as they closed the gap between them. “You ready to get out of here?” he asked with a wink.
“Let’s go to your place Dean,” she insisted.
“Honey, you read my mind. You want me to drive?”
“No, I’ll just follow you,” Abby replied with a shake of her head, sending her curls about her face in a burst of flames as the light caught it.
Moved by the waterfall of cascading copper curls, and the way the sunlight bounced off her baby blues, Dean groaned and pulled her into his arms, kissing her, no, devouring her like a starved bear.
“Drive fast,” he ground out in a whisper against her lips.
Laughing, Abby threw her head back exposing the smooth column of her pale throat and taunting Dean further.
Before he could control the urge, he buried himself in the crook of her neck, inhaling her sweet smell, and nipping at her exposed collarbone.
In the next instant, though, Dean was dragging a laughing and aroused Abby to the back lot where they’d both parked, practically shoving her into her truck, ripping the keys out of her purse and turning the ignition. Abby smacked his hands away playfully however when he attempted to put on her seatbelt for her.
Despite Dean’s suggestion to ‘drive fast,’ Abby drove at a leisurely pace, but still made it back to his place in a reasonable amount of time, parking outside of his garage where he stood waiting impatiently, arms crossed over his massive chest.
“What took you so long?” He growled, pressing his lips against hers and dragging her against his hardened body. The length of his arousal pressing into the soft flesh of her flat stomach, pulling a moan from deep inside her.
Dean dug his fingers into her bottom and lifted her, her legs wrapping around his waist without further prompting on his part as he carried her up the stairs, taking them two at a time, their lips still locked, drinking in the taste of each other.
Fumbling briefly with the door, trying to get his damned key in the lock, Abby laughed and wiggled against him, rubbing the crotch of her jeans up and down his thickened desire. Grumbling, Dean finally jammed the key in the hole and shoved the door open, slamming it behind him and pushing Abby’s back flat against it for leverage as his hand found the snap of her jeans and popped it.
Pushing them down with one hand, he used the other to work his own buttons loose trying to shove the last barrier out of his way. In a flurry of motions, between ravaging her lips and neck, Dean managed to finally get all of their clothes out of his way and pushed into her. Digging her nails into his back, and arching into the door, Abby gasped as he filled her to the hilt.
It was manic and rushed, it was sweaty and sticky, and it was perfect. Their bodies surging together, reaching for oblivion, striving for a release they’d only find in each other. The need all consuming, like a tornado tearing up everything in its path. As the pressure became too great for Abby, she bit into Dean’s shoulder to stifle her moans, the pain a direct contrast to the pleasure her body yielded, sending Dean spiraling into the storm.
When she came, exploding and quaking in his arms, her tight wet sheath enveloping him, squeezing and prying his own orgasm loose, Dean shuddered and thrust deeply into her, a release so powerful it was soul shattering, nearly bringing him to his knees. They sunk together to the floor, two bodies intertwined and sated beyond belief.
Moments later, once she was finally able to catch her breath, Abby gently jarred herself off his lap, willing her legs to obey as she attempted to stand. They felt like jelly, and caving, sent her nearly sprawled out on the floor next to him, luckily Dean was able to position himself in time to catch her and held her in his arms on top of his still naked thighs. His growing arousal prodding her lower back.
Laughing, Dean managed to get them both upright and carried her, with his pants around his ankles to the bedroom, where he gently laid her on the covers and dispatched his clothes in one deft movement. After which he moved on to Abby, yanking off her shoes and pulling her snug jeans the rest of the way down her legs. Leaning on her elbows, Abby watched Dean through slitted eyes, a vixen smile on her face.
Once all clothing had been removed and tossed aside, Dean joined her on the bed, slowly moving up the length of her willowy body inch by inch, kissing here, nipping there, sending little bolts of electricity throughout her nervous system. Dean took his time, enjoying her creamy skin, the way it felt underneath his calloused fingers, the way it tasted in his mouth, and how much she wriggled under his touch.
When he finally made it up to her luscious red lips, he savored the flavor of them, sucking her bottom lip into his mouth, biting it gently. Abby’s hips arched underneath him, searching out the tool of his passions, her legs slid up around his butt pulling him into her, but just barely. She moved rhythmically, torturing him as the tip of his member stroked the soft moist folds of her womanhood, so close, and yet not nearly close enough.
The last of Dean’s restraint was nearing its breaking point as she continued to torment him, and before he realized what he was doing, he found his way inside her, growling with a fierce pleasure as her body opened for him, wrapping itself tightly around him.
They were lost within one another, conscious of nothing but the mutual pleasure they continued to inflict on each other. Soaring together to impossible heights, and when they erupted, incinerating like ashes in the wind, they floated on cloud nine, hopelessly lost in the euphoria. They lay there intertwined, for a long while afterward, enjoying the tremors and aftershocks of their lovemaking.
It wasn’t until late in the evening, driven by the need to refuel their bodies, that they pried themselves out of bed, out of the nest they had made, and next door to grab a quick to-go order. Feeling naughty and more than a little adventurous, Abby donned one of Dean’s jerseys and nothing else. Dean picked up the food, while Abby waited on the steps of his condo, and the two of them walked barefoot along the beach, eating burgers and enjoying the clear moonlit skies, the light dancing and casting shadows over the open water, sparkling on the surface like diamonds.
It was the most romantic thing Abby had ever experienced.
A fish, or maybe a dolphin leapt out of the water, crashing back down with a loud plop, and as the waves found their way to the shore, gently lulling the night time creatures with their rhythmic tune, Abby and Dean sat down on a large dune, holding each other and pointing out the different pictures in the stars.
“I got a job offer today,” Abby said changing the subject.
“Oh yeah? What kind of job?”
“The same as I have now, but for a little more money.”
“Where?” he asked brushing her hair off her shoulders and pressing his lips to the hollow just below her ear.
As the cool breeze from the ocean brushed past them, the heat from Dean’s lips sent shivers up her spine, distracting her momentarily as she enjoyed the sensation.
Dean chuckled softly, pulling away, “you were saying?”
“Well,” she said as the goosebumps began to fade. “Before I was so rudely interrupted,” she giggled, “I was saying I was offered a job. Out here.”
“In Savannah?”
Abby nodded.
“Are you considering accepting it?” He questioned after a slight hesitation.
“I want to.”
“But.”
Abby sighed, “but the farm, the animals. What would I do?”
“I could pay off your mortgage, and you could sell the place, find some land out here.”
“Oh Dean, I couldn’t ask you to do that.”
Pulling her closer, Dean pressed his mouth to the inside of her wrist, “Maybe I want to Abby. Maybe I want a life with you. Marriage, kids, the works.”
Abby gasped, as much from his proposition as from the delicious heat of his mouth. “I want that too, but I won’t let you buy the farm Dean, I’m sure I can think of something.”
Having faith in her convictions, Dean let the subject drop. “Let’s go back to bed Abby. I need to be inside you.”
“What’s wrong with right here? I’m naked underneath.” Abby teased, lifting the jersey for inspection with one hand as she reached out to him with the other.
As his fingers explored the warm flesh under the flimsy fabric of his jersey, Dean groaned and rolled on top of her, “you really are a little witch.” He murmured as his lips descended upon hers.
They spent the rest of the evening right there on the beach, lost in the ecstasy they created.
Chapter 21
The Proposal



In the morning, over pancakes, Dean and Abby discussed their options. Abby wanted to take the job, it was a step up, and it opened so many doors, new opportunities, and working closer to Dean would be a major plus. Of course, that brought up the issue of where she would live. Staying in Yulee and commuting would be a nightmare, but she couldn’t just abandon the farm and the animals that called it home. Dean had again suggested that he buy a small plot of land for them out here, but it was a step Abby wasn’t willing to take.
If she and Dean were going to make a go of it and try living together, she wanted it to be here in the condo. She loved the view, and having the ocean for a backyard, as much as she loved the animals in her care, she was ready for fewer responsibilities.
She wanted that family Dean had mentioned, and taking care of kids and livestock at the same time was just too much to fathom all at once. If they were going to get married, she was going to hold out for a proper proposal on that one, and have kids, then she wanted to be able to focus on them and their needs as a family.
In the end, after much debate, they came up with a solution that met both their needs and wants. Abby would ask Riley if she wanted to rent the place, since where she lived now was overpriced and falling apart, thus allowing Sam to continue to keep Sparky there, and she would just hire someone to inspect the place and make repairs as needed. She figured once Sam was in college, if she wanted to move Sparky, she’d put Eeyore out to pasture. She knew of an equine retirement facility that would more than likely be willing to take him. And in the event that Riley decided she no longer wanted to live there, she could either rent the place out to someone else or just put it up for sale altogether.
It was a viable plan and one that left Abby open and available to move in with Dean. She figured she’d talk to Riley about it over lunch one day during the week, for now, though, she just enjoyed the lazy Sunday afternoon in bed with Dean. They rose from their cocoon to eat lunch and as dusk approached they ended up taking another short stroll along the beach under the sun’s defiant rays. Watching as the last of the day’s colors played across the sky while they walked hand in hand, lost in the moment, lost in each other. Peaceful and serene.
Unfortunately, all good things come to an end, and by the time the sky had finally swallowed up the sun, giving way to the evening stars, Dean kissed Abby passionately and with gusto one more time before helping her into her truck and waving goodbye as she backed out of the driveway. A bittersweet moment for them both.
They were moving in together, they were going to make a life with each other, a family. But first, they had to set their plans in motion and get through the next couple of weeks. Including a trip to meet Abby’s mother before they flew out to Connecticut to spend Christmas with Dean's family. It was going to be a busy week indeed.
Abby decided not to talk to Riley about the possibility of renting out her place until after the holidays, she wanted to make sure she had all her ducks in a row first. She had a lot of phone calls to make in order to ensure that nothing went wrong in the process.
However, she did approach Sam and her mother first thing on Monday after speaking to Shelly of the Animal Welfare League to inform her that she had chosen to accept the position. Shelly was ecstatic, and after exchanging further contact information to include an email address, she told Abby she’d send over some paperwork to be signed, and a welcome aboard packet for her to look over.
The conversation with Sam had been just as productive. Being as she had just turned seventeen, Sam would be a senior next year and was already looking at several colleges in the area, though she had her heart set on the University of Florida in Gainesville, where she intended to study animal husbandry and equine sciences. She wanted to work with horses, and while she wasn’t sure of much beyond that, she was already planning ahead. She told Abby she had even spoken to the director of equine facilities about possibly getting Sparky into the veterinary program on campus so she could have him nearby.
She figured if that didn’t work out, though the response had been favorable given that he was a rescue, to begin with, she would just end up boarding him at a facility nearby. So Abby contacted the equine retirement home outside of Ocala to inquire about Eeyore, and a sweet little old lady named Mira informed her that when she was ready, they’d have a spot for him.
That just left the two barn cats to worry about. Abby decided that if Riley didn’t want to take care of them once Sam went off to college or if her tenancy was short term, she’d just have to trap the poor cats and find them another foster home or send them back to the shelter. Either way, she made sure everyone would be looked after in the event that no one lived on the property.
Then she made sure her mortgage payments were up to date, not that she’d ever missed a payment or had even been late for that matter, but she wanted to have all the paperwork in order, and so she gathered all her receipts, as well as those for the utilities, taxes, and insurance. If she was going to suggest her friend take over payments, she wanted to be able to give her an accurate amount, or at least a relatively close average. Added together, the total cost was still significantly less than what Riley was paying now for the dump she lived in, so surely she wouldn’t turn down Abby’s generous offer.
And with that, Abby went to a local U-Haul and purchased a bunch of boxes. She spent the next two days, as she’d taken the whole week off from work since she had accrued several weeks' worth of vacation time, going through every room in the house, packing things she’d take with her, putting things she wanted to keep but not take now in the attic space, and hauling several loads of items she no longer needed or wanted to the Salvation Army.
When Dean came to pick her up on Thursday evening to take her to meet her mother for a Christmas Eve dinner, he hardly recognized the place. Bare except for boxes and furniture, it hardly looked like the homey place he remembered.
“I’m so happy you decided to take that job and move in with me Abby, you have no idea what it means to me,” Dean said pulling her into his arms and kissing her thoroughly.
“Mmm...I think I know exactly what it means to you.”
“Oh?” He replied looking down into her sleepy doe eyes, clouded over by the lust his kiss had provoked.
“I love you Dean, and I’m just as excited about our future as you are. Trust me.”
“I love you too Abby, and I do trust you, very much.” He admitted placing a hand on her cheek and gently stroking her porcelain-like skin.
Abby stood on her tiptoes and pressed her lips to his in a kiss so passionate it nearly knocked him on his ass.
“How much time do we have before we have to meet your mother for dinner?” He asked breathlessly, looking at the watch on his wrist.
Abby laughed, the sound low and sultry, “darling, not nearly enough,” she teased.
Groaning, Dean pulled her off her feet and kissed her once more, long and hard, before setting her back down and pushing her towards the door, giving her bum a little whack for encouragement. “Witch,” he mumbled.
They met Abby’s mother at a little restaurant in downtown St. Augustine. Abby had filled Dean in on the latest with Sam and the animals on their way there. And gave him a general play by play of the conversation she’d had with Shelly as well.
Dinner with Abby’s mother wasn’t quite what she was expecting. Of course, when it came to her mother, her expectations were never very high, to begin with. But if she had set the bar for this evening, her mother would have pole vaulted right over it.
Abby’s mother, Grace, was slender in appearance, with strawberry blonde hair, hazel eyes, and lots and lots of freckles. How Abby had managed to skip the freckle gene with her mop of red hair was beyond her, but she was happy to do so. Not that her mother didn’t pull it off, she was a beautiful woman, quite youthful looking for her age. And since she hardly smiled anymore, there were few wrinkles on her delicate face.
Abby hadn’t told her mother Dean’s last name, and therefore neglected to mention his occupation as well, she had simply told her she was bringing her new boyfriend Dean to dinner and that she had better be nice, he might very well be the father of her grandchildren one day. So Abby supposed it was the mention of said future grandchildren that had been the reason for her mother’s change of mood. She was the woman Abby remembered, the happy, flirty woman of her youth.
She and Dean joked at Abby’s expense, Grace had even brought photo albums with her to show off Abby’s naked baby tush. And eventually, the topic of Dean’s profession was brought up, talking about travel and competition, and of course, her mother made mention of Dean’s attractive cohort Donovan. Causing Abby to blush and reprimand her when she went so far as to say she’d like to squeeze his cute little bottom.
By the end of the night, they felt like such a close knit little family that even Dean was calling Grace mom. She’d never seen her mother this happy, at least not since her father had died. Of course, the overly large bouquet of red roses that Dean had brought for her, and the flattery he shamelessly subjected her to might have contributed to that change, but really, Abby didn’t care, she loved Dean that much more for bringing Grace out of her shell, for making her smile and feel like a woman again.
As Dean left the table to pay the bill once dessert had been finished, Grace put a hand affectionately over Abby’s, “he’s perfect for you Abby, don’t you dare let this one get away.”
Abby blushed, turning her hand over and lacing her fingers through her mother’s. “So you don’t think it’s too soon to be moving in with him then? I mean, I did just kind of break things off with Joey.”
“Let me tell you something Abby, I liked Joey, he was a nice guy, but I never really thought the two of you were good together. A man like Dean, though, with his profession, he could show you the world Abby, and it’s plain to see he means to give it to you if he can. That boy loves you, and I can see how much he means to you too. If it’s right, it’s right. Don’t bother questioning it.”
“Thanks, mom, your approval means a lot to me, and it’s so nice to see you smile again.” Abby got up from the table and walked over to her mother, wrapping her arms around her in a big bear hug and kissing her gently on the forehead. It felt good to see her so happy.
“Ladies,” Dean said on approach, “are we ready to go?”
“Absolutely,” Grace smiled getting to her feet. “Dean, it was lovely meeting you, and I can’t wait to see you play one weekend. Now, I believe you have an early flight tomorrow, so I’ll bid you a good night. Thanks again for dinner. Merry Christmas you two.” She said giving Dean a hug and taking her leave.

Chapter 22
Christmas in Connecticut



The 6:00 am. flight into New Haven Connecticut was indeed an early one, made to feel even more so by their intense love making which took them well past midnight. But being as they still had at least another week or so before they were living under the same roof, and even then Dean would have to travel for work, they took full advantage of their time together.
Dean’s stepfather Ted met them at the airport, he was a tall but slender man, with a kind smile and a full head of thick graying brown hair. Ted went about setting the tone for their two-night stay by quickly welcoming Abby into the family fold and teasing her about her association with Dean. Ted was a Flyers fan, and despite being a fan of Dean as a person as well as a player, being born in Philadelphia, he remained loyal to his home team.
Dean’s mother and stepfather lived in a beautiful mature neighborhood down a gorgeous tree-lined street. Their home, a traditional craftsman style was white with a blue roof, a red door, and yellow trim around the windows. Dean’s mother immediately made her feel at home. After showing Abby to her room, she and Dean would sleep separately, house rules for the unmarried couple, Dean’s mother, Kelly, who like Abby’s mother looked much younger than she was with her light tan, blonde hair and Dean’s green eyes, was stunning, she gave Abby a quick tour of the house and the backyard where a large Black Labrador made it a point to thoroughly investigate the new guest.
“Bruno! Heel!” Dean yelled at the dog as he knocked Abby to the ground and proceeded to clean her face with his slobbery tongue.
Laughing, Abby pushed at the dog gently and managed to get back on her feet. “It’s okay, really,” she remarked as Bruno obediently sat on his haunches and waited for his next command.
“Don’t mind him,” Ted cut in, ushering the dog into a large fenced in area with a doghouse. “He gets a little excited around new people, he’s harmless, though, really.”
“She has two big dogs of her own, I’m sure she’s used to it Ted,” Dean said helping Abby brush off the dirt on her jeans.
“Your mom’s making chicken salad for lunch, I’m throwing the ham on the grill tonight, though. Got enough food to feed an army, hope ya’ll are hungry.”
Smiling, Abby reached over the fence and scratched Bruno behind the ears as he rested his paws on the board that lined the top of it. “That sounds wonderful. My granddads are big holiday grillers too.”
“Yeah, Abby told me they usually do like four turkeys for Thanksgiving.” Dean cut in giving details as to how each one was cooked.
“Is that right?” Ted asked with interest. “I’ve never done a whole bird on the grill, might have to try that next year.”
“What time are Dad and Whitney supposed to get here?” Dean questioned.
“Oh you know your father, he’ll be here by noon I suppose, Whitney though, I think she said she’d be here on time for dinner but not sooner. Got a date with someone or another. I wasn’t really paying attention.”
“A date on Christmas?” Abby broke in.
Nodding, Dean looped his arm around her shoulder and led her back inside. “Whitney’s kind of a free spirit, she’s not really into the holidays, just comes for the food. You’ll see what I mean when you meet her. Again.”
Dean was right, Abby saw exactly what he meant.
The rest of the morning and the early afternoon went off without a hitch, light conversation with Kelly over a game of gin rummy and chicken salad sandwiches while the men gathered outside to prepare the grill. Dean’s father Sean, who looked a lot like Dean, dark and brooding, but handsome as ever, showed up about noon as Ted had said and the three of them immediately got on each other's last nerves as they argued over how long to cook the ham and which wood to smoke it with.
Men. They were really just a bunch of big kids.
Kelly and Abby had just started setting the table together when Whitney blew in through the front door. The scent of some kind of expensive perfume and stale weed clinging to her. She was every bit as beautiful as Abby remembered. Despite the cool bite of winter in the air, Whitney wore a mid-thigh length summer dress, a bohemian pattern in various shades of pastels and browns, with knee-high brown leather boots, and a silky white designer trench coat. Her wavy blonde hair was loose around her face and those yellow cat-like eyes full of mischief.
“Abby!” She exclaimed heading in their direction, “It’s so nice to see you again, you’re not going to bolt this time are you?”
Abby blushed as the blonde goddess hugged her tightly. “Nno, I think I’ll stick around this time,” she babbled embarrassingly.
Whitney hugged her mother next, giving her a quick peck on the cheek before going into the kitchen briefly, and coming back out with a glass full of wine.
“It’s so nice to finally meet you, Abby,” she said taking a gulp and setting the glass on the table. “Dean hasn’t shut up about you since the two of you met!”
“Oh Gosh, I hope he didn’t say anything too embarrassing.”
“You mean like you calling me a big boobed blonde bimbo?”
Shocked and humiliated, Abby nearly choked.
“It’s okay Abby, really.” Whitney assured her, “I’ve been called worse, and given the circumstances, I probably would have thought the same thing.”
“She really has been called worse,” Kelly chimed in, pouring fresh water into the glasses set around the table.
“What, does Dean tell you guys everything? I mean, did he tell you about our sex life too? Jeez, this is so humiliating.”
Kelly and Whitney laughed in unison, causing poor Abby to flush. Of course, the men had perfect timing, and before the women could fluster Abby any further, Dean, Ted, and Sean walked through the door, Dean carrying a large tray wrapped in foil to the table, placing it in the center.
“What’d we miss?” he asked looking from Abby’s beat red face to his mother and sister as they continued to carry on their laughter.
“Nothing, nothing.” Whitney said nearly bending over as she tried to get control of herself, “Abby was just telling us what you were like in bed.”
Horrified, Dean’s gaze shot to Abby, where he saw her face turn an even darker shade of crimson.
“She’s joking Dean,” Kelly butted in. “We were just having a laugh at poor Abby’s expense about the little encounter between her and Whitney.”
“Oh, Abby, honey, I’m so sorry.” Dean coughed, trying not to laugh himself. He walked over to her and tried to comfort her, but Abby was having none of it, pushing his arm away and heading into the kitchen to grab the rest of the silverware.
“You could’ve warned me,” she scolded when he followed her.
“I’m sorry, honest, I just, well, there really aren’t any secrets in my family. We’re a pretty open bunch.”
“Oh I gathered that much!” she snapped, poking him in the chest, and nearly backing him into the counter.
Dean just stood there with a sheepish grin on his devilishly handsome face.
“Your family’s pretty great Dean,” she said with a sigh moments later, no matter how much she wanted to be mad at him, once he shot her one of those sexy little crooked grins of his and muttered so much as an I’m sorry, she was like a marshmallow left out in the hot sun. It was hopeless.
Dean pulled her into his arms, and gave her a light kiss on the forehead, “come on, let’s go eat.”
Dinner was great, the brown sugar maple smoked ham on the grill turned out to be just the right combination, and Abby would be sure to share the recipe with her Grandpa Clement, he was always looking for new ideas. And the conversation was insatiable. Whitney controlled most of it, but her stories were fascinating.
In his early days, Dean had taken his sister as his escort to most of the events he attended, so naturally after making the rounds a few times, she’d met plenty of rich socialites that hadn’t easily forgotten her, and so she was the belle of the modern day ball. She went to some function or another pretty much every weekend, and always with a different guy.
A free spirit was certainly one way to describe to her. Of course, Abby was pretty sure that most women wouldn’t have been so nice if they had been the one’s describing his sister. But underneath her high fashion exterior, Abby sensed a kind of kindred spirit.
Whitney spoke very passionately about a little kitten she had just adopted, and as she told tale after tale about the antics of said kitten, Abby knew there was much more than glitz and glitter to this woman. She had a kind heart, a big one at that, and as much as she tried to put on this ‘I don’t give a damn act’ Abby thought that perhaps she wanted to be accepted and loved a little more than she wanted to let on.
Overall, the visit, the dinner, the company, it had all been a success. They drank, they played poker, and they told embarrassing stories about each other. Then everyone went up to their rooms and passed out.
Whitney and Sean left bright and early, skipping breakfast, so the four of them ate companionably, perhaps the men nursing slight hangovers, and then they drove into town for a little window shopping and a light lunch.
Alone at one point with Kelly, while the men headed off to an ice rink in town so Dean could get in a workout, Abby got the sense that her companion had something on her mind.
“Everything okay?” Abby asked as they strolled along the sidewalk passing various cafes and boutiques.
Kelly turned to face her, a smile flittering over her delicate features. “You love him, Abby, I can see that. Just don’t hurt him okay?”
“Oh Kelly, I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“I think deep down, I know that, but he told me about Joey, and well, you know all about Angela. I just don’t want him to get hurt again.”
“Kelly, I don’t know what the future has in store for us, but I love Dean, and I can promise you I’m going to do everything I can to make him happy. I’m not sure what he told you about Joey, but I never felt this way about him, it’s so much more you know?”
Kelly nodded, close to tears she swiped at the moisture. “I think I understand Abby. I loved Dean’s father, but not like I do Ted.” She hugged Abby then, a strong warm hug. It made Abby’s heart ache a little.
They had leftovers for dinner that night and everyone turned in early. Dean and Abby flew out the next morning just as the sun popped up into the sky, landing at the Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport and checking into their hotel a couple of hours before Dean was due to meet up with the rest of the team for an afternoon game against the Capitals. He’d done a few workouts and had even hit the ice the day before at the local rink in Connecticut, and boy had that gone over well with the kids that had been there, signing autographs and running drills with the local youth hockey team, so Dean opted to skip the morning skate in favor of having an hour alone with Abby.
They’d have to catch an early flight the next day so Abby could make it home in time for work, so they made use of their hotel bed, giving Dean the workout he needed to get his blood pumping. Of course, they’d probably end up back in bed after the game, it was only a 2 o’clock start, but what the hell, they’d been without each other for the past two nights thanks to the house rules. Had to make every minute count.
The game was beyond exciting. Abby had been to two stadiums to watch the Slashers play. Their own, and Amalie Arena in Tampa, so the change in atmosphere was exhilarating. And Dean, well Dean was playing well up to par and beyond.
They managed to not only shutout the Washington Capitals, who were currently on a tear as they climbed their way towards the top of the Atlantic Division in hopes of overtaking the Slashers, but Dean got himself a hat trick, with Donovan scoring on a power play off a rebound, and Petrovic landing an empty-netter in the final minute of the game.
Francois’s wife Denise had made the trip out for the game, and the two ladies sat next to each other in the family section, hugging one another and jumping up and down as they screamed and cheered. It was the perfect ending to the perfect weekend for Abby. Or at least she felt that way until they made it back to the hotel room.
They ended up having dinner with the team at a local pub, and then everyone scattered, Dean all but dragging Abby back to the hotel and ripping her clothes off. spending the rest of evening wrapped around each other, sated, spent, and still going.
After what felt like a year, but was really only a week, Abby returned to work. She went straight to her boss’s office, delivering her two weeks' notice, and though Dianne would miss her, she completely understood and wished her well, even telling Abby the staff would surely want to throw her a going away party before she left.
When she got up to her office, however, instead of packing or going through files that would need to be handed off to other caseworkers, Abby went through her emails and answered as many of them as possible. She’d give Dianne all she had for the next week, a notice was just that in her opinion, it didn’t mean she was quitting today. And even though Dianne had told her to only finish out the one week, slacker just wasn’t in her DNA.
As she neared her lunch break, Abby paged Riley and asked her if she’d like to grab a bite to eat. They had a lot to talk about.
Over a couple of greasy burgers and a large fry that they shared, Abby told Riley about dinner with her mother and her weekend in Connecticut. Ending with her trip to D.C.
“Wow, sounds like you had a lot of fun!” Riley gushed, shoving the last of the fries in her mouth. “I spent the weekend at my mom’s, nothing too exciting unless you count her cat having kittens, but even then, I didn’t fly all over the U.S. with a hot hockey star by my side!”
Laughing, Abby decided it was time to drop the bomb. “I’m taking the job in Savannah, moving in with Dean.”
“Figured that was coming,” Riley sighed.
“There’s more.”
“Okay, shoot? You two getting married? Want me to be the maid of honor?”
“No, no, we’re not getting married, I mean he hasn’t proposed or anything,” Abby said shaking her head. “You know how you’ve been complaining about your apartment since like the day you moved in?”
“Yeah, so?”
“How would you feel about living at my place?” Abby blurted, rushing on before Riley could answer. “The mortgage is less than your rent, Sam would still take care of the animals and once she went off to college, I’d send the cats back to the shelter and Eeyore would be going to a retirement facility, so you wouldn’t have to worry about taking care of anyone but yourself, and you could live there as long as you’d like.”
“Wow.” Riley chuckled, trying to take it all in, as her friend finally took a breath. “Sure,” she said shrugging.
“Really? Sure? That’s it, just sure?”
Laughing, Riley slapped a hand down on the table in front of her, “I’d love to Abby!” she shouted, getting the attention of several other patrons.
Abby blushed, “okay, okay, I get it, your first reaction was sufficient.”
“So when do you move?”
“I just gave my two weeks' notice, Dianne told me just to make it one week, and she’d put me down on the books for two. So, in a week I guess. Everything’s already packed up, though, I’m leaving all the furniture.”
Riley nodded and took a sip of her soda, “okay, sounds good, mine’s pretty much all junk anyways, I guess I’ll start packing and move in the day after you move out. Taking both mutts with you?”
“Yeah, I haven’t told Dean yet, but I’m definitely adopting Duchess.”
“You think he’ll be okay with that?”
“He doesn’t have a choice,” Abby stated matter of factly. “We’re a package deal. Anyways, I guess we should get back to work, I have a lot to get done before I leave.”
Not five minutes after they got back to the office and Riley had sat down at her desk the phone rang.
“Riley, it’s Dean.”
“Hey, did you want me to connect you to Abby?”
“No, I actually have a couple of favors to ask if you don’t mind.”
“Okay, shoot,” Riley said scribbling down his instructions as she listened intently.
Abby spent most of that night recuperating. After her wonderful weekend with Dean which had completely worn her out, and an extremely busy first day back at work after her week long vacation, she didn’t have the energy to do much more than lay in bed. Of course, just as she decided to get comfortable the doorbell rang.
Rufus and Duchess went wild, rushing downstairs to greet their guest before Abby could do much more than reach the foot of the stairs.
“Rufus! Duchess! Come back here,” Abby yelled, trying to get them back inside.
Once she managed to get to the door, however, the dogs had quieted down and even came back through the doggy door, treats in both their mouths.
“Mom!” Abby gushed opening the door and standing back as she sauntered in.
“Sorry I didn’t call first, I was in the neighborhood and figured I might stop by.”
“You were in the neighborhood? What are you doing way out here?”
Waving her off, Grace walked over to the dining room table and pulled out a chair, motioning for Abby to sit down beside her.
“I had a date.” She answered simply.
As her knees suddenly turned to jelly Abby slumped into the chair, “a date?”
“Yes, a date. And I’m tired now, I hoped you might let me stay the night.”
“Of, of course.” Abby agreed, “take the guest room.”
Nodding, Grace smiled at her daughter and placed a hand over hers, “how was Christmas in Connecticut?”
“It was wonderful. How was your date?”
“It was wonderful.”
They spent the next couple of hours talking about Abby’s holiday getaway, while Grace told Abby all about the handsome doctor she had met on an online dating app, one that Dean had suggested, had told her his father used it all the time.
Abby liked seeing her mother smile when she talked about a guy, it had been far too long since her mother had been on a date, let alone this happy to be in anyone’s company, especially a man’s. Another thing she could thank Dean for. He had already given Abby so much that giving Abby her mother back was just icing on the cake.
Finally, beyond exhausted, Abby said goodnight to her mother, who said she’d probably sleep in and leave around noon, and then both women went upstairs to their separate quarters and welcomed sleep like a long lost friend as it came and took them under.


The next morning, once Abby had made herself comfortable in her office and got down to business Riley strode in, a muffin basket in hand.
“From me and the rest of the girls,” she said placing the basket on the desk and liberating a chocolate chip muffin for herself.
“Ooh, thanks,” Abby replied looking over the rest before choosing a lemon poppy seed and tearing into it.
“Sooo… I’ve got some news Abby, and it's kind of good, and kind of bad.”
Abby stopped eating mid-bite, rubbing her hands to shake off the crumbs as she set the muffin on top of its wrapper. “Well, out with it then.”
“Duchess has been adopted.”
“What?”
“I know, I know. Dianne told me this morning. Apparently, her picture has been up on the website all this time, and she didn’t know you were going to adopt her, you must not have turned in the paperwork.”
“I, I... Who? Who adopted her?”
“She wouldn’t tell me, Abby, I’m sorry. All I know is it was an out of state adoption. They’ll be here in a few days to pick her up. I’m so so sorry Abby. I know what she meant to you and Rufus.”
Abby sat there stunned, she didn’t know what to say, what to think. She was simply numb.
“So listen, I know this has got to be a shock, so I thought of something that might help take your mind off it. And you never know, you might be able to think of something in the meantime to convince the new owners to let you have her.”
Abby stared at her another minute, a blank look on her face before she finally said something. “What did you have in mind?”
“The Slashers play at home tonight right?”
“Yeah.”
“And you still have those season tickets right?”
“Of course, but Riley, I don’t really feel like going to a game tonight, I have a ton of work to do,” she argued pointing to a stack of papers.
“Oh come on Abs, we have interns to get that shit done, we’re going to that game tonight if I have to drag you by your damn hair.”
“Fine.” Abby caved, sighing deeply and rubbing at her temples. Everything had been going so well lately, she should have seen this coming. No one got everything they ever wanted right? Maybe a girl's night out would help her forget, even if it was just for the night.
“Great, pick up a change of clothes on your lunch break, something nice, because we’re going to hit the bar afterward, and we’ll leave straight from work.” Riley chirped as she stole another muffin and left the room.
Abby was late getting back to work from her lunch break, she took the extra time to spend on the floor stroking Duchess as she lay in her lap and apologizing over and over that she had to break her and Rufus up. Though she promised they would visit.
She had even completely forgotten in her grief that her mother had spent the night, and so she didn’t bother checking to see if she was still there. But heeding Riley’s advice, she went into her closet and chose a pair of black skinny jeans, and a cute silk top to wear underneath her newly autographed jersey. It didn’t matter that she was dating the man, if she was going to support him and wear his merchandise he was damn well going to sign it!
Figuring she’d probably hook up with Dean at some point after the game, Abby decided to change her underwear as well, opting for a lacy black bra and matching thong. Riley might drag her out, but she’d probably be going home with Dean, let him take her to work in the morning, either way, she was going to get lost in him and forget all about her problems.
Chapter 23
The Guest of Honor



The two girls managed to get out of work a little early at Dianne’s insistence, she still wouldn’t give up the name of the person who had adopted Duchess, just insisted that Abby would more than approve, and they arrived at the arena with more than enough time grab a bite to eat before going to their club seats. So they sat on a bench outside on one of the decks eating hot dogs and drinking beer, watching as droves of fans made their way in and out, some going to find their seats, others coming out for a smoke.
They made idle chit chat with some, and while Abby pretended to be interested in one ladies story about running into Donovan Pierce at the drugstore, she couldn’t get her mind off of the dog. How Dianne couldn’t have known about her intentions, or why she didn’t come to Abby first to at least ask if she was considering it, none of it made sense. Foster parents always got the first choice, that’s just the way it went.
How many times had a potential adoptee come forward for an animal and the foster parent decided they loved them too much to give them up? It happened all the time, that’s why the protocol was in place, to begin with.
Trying to pull Abby out of her mood, Riley shoved another beer into her hand and pulled her along to their seats. Smiling and chattering about nothing in particular for all the good it did. About ten minutes before the game was set to start, there was a commotion behind them and as Abby turned to find out what was going on, Donovan walked up to her and took her by the hand.
“Abby, I need you to come with me. Now.”
“Is everything okay?” she asked, her eyes going wide. “Is it Dean?”
Donovan smiled, “Dean’s fine, just follow me.”
He led her out of the club section and into a corridor that led down and underneath the grandstand connecting to a wider hallway that eventually looked out over the ice.
How she hadn’t noticed before what was going on she didn’t know, but once out on the ice she saw two men in suits who were standing on the ceremonial red carpet flanking a rather large check, all of the Slashers team members stood on either side of the carpet, and in front of them stood Jean decked out in a sparkling pants suit looking like a rock star with a mic in her hand.
“We’d like to welcome Ms. Abigail Clement to the middle of the ice for the ceremonial puck drop this evening,” she said to the audience as she waved Abby out.
Blushing, Abby made her way with Donovan to the center of the ice via red carpet, stopping at Jean’s side as she placed a hand on Abby’s shoulder.
“Ms. Clement worked diligently alongside the Slasher’s organization to put together a wonderful charity and animal adoption drive, which was an absolute success by the way.” Jean continued as the crowd clapped and cheered accordingly. “On behalf of the organization, I am extremely proud to present this check for fifty-thousand dollars to Ms. Clement and the Yulee Animal Rescue for her to use as she sees fit in order to help out as many animals as she possibly can. And I am duly excited to announce that we expect to make this an annual event!”
The audience roared, cheers, whoops, and whistles as the check was handed to Abby for a brief photo opportunity before they disappeared with it back into the depths of the underground access tunnels. Abby was then shuffled over to the edge of the carpet where she took up the position and dropped the puck between Donovan and an opposing Tampa Bay Lightning player. Again the cameras whirred and the crowd went wild. It was then that a couple of things occurred to Abby.
The first was that it was Donovan taking the puck drop when it should’ve been Dean, who she hadn’t remembered seeing at all up to this point. And the second thing that she couldn’t understand was the crowd noise. It was louder, and different. More whistles, oohs and ahhs, it didn’t seem right. But as she shook hands with the two players and Donovan placed his hand on her back to turn her around, it all became amazingly clear.
There was Dean, in full gear, his helmet on the ground at his side as he knelt before her, a small box in the palm of his hands open to show off the large glittering diamond it so preciously held in its red velvet grasp.
Abby’s hands flew to her open mouth covering it, while tears slid down her cheeks. The crowd went silent, and big red hearts were displayed around their image on the JumboTron when Dean picked up a mic, his hand shaking as he brought it to his mouth.
“I love you, Abigail Clement.” He said, sending the crowd into a short frenzy again.
Abby mouthed the words I love you too, while they waited for the noise to dissipate.
“I love you, Abigail Clement,” he began again. “And you would make me the happiest man alive if you would agree to be my wife and marry me.”
Nodding and smiling Abby threw her arms around his neck, toppling him to ground and the cold ice below. “Yes, yes, a hundred times yes.” She shouted for all the arena to hear.
Dean kissed her then, deep and passionately as the audience clapped and cheered and the JumboTron broadcast it for all to see. It was the single most happiest moment of Abby’s life.
Some time later, as Abby sat in the box seats watching the game and staring from time to time at the beautiful ring Dean had slipped on her finger, she wasn’t sure if it was atmosphere, or if they really were just better that night, but the Slasher’s played their hearts out winning the game six to two. Dozens of fans stopped and congratulated Abby over and over on her engagement to the star Captain, some even expressing their jealousy, as she made her way out of the club section and through the stands after the game to join Dean in the locker rooms.
She still felt like she was floating; she didn’t even have the angst to berate Riley for not telling her the real motivation behind getting Abby here tonight. Even though Riley had confessed up front that she hadn’t known about the proposal just the check, but that Dean had begged her to be quiet about it all the same.
Though, if Abby was honest with herself, she would have been madder if Riley had told her. It was a wonderful surprise, and if Riley had said anything and ruined it, well, she probably would’ve been pretty pissed off about that. So perhaps she owed Riley a huge thank you dinner one night instead. Once she found a half-dressed Dean in the locker room, she bid Riley a good night and watched her friend disappear outside with one of the young defensemen she couldn’t quite name. He was a little cutie for sure, though, maybe Riley’d get lucky tonight too, she laughed as the thought crossed her mind.
Dean finished dressing quickly, shook hands and slapped high-fives with a couple of the guys, then, with an arm around Abby’s shoulder, led her through the back hallways of the arena and out to the private parking lot.
“I uh, I hope you won’t get mad at me, but I asked your boss if you could have tomorrow off.” He said as they buckled their seatbelts and he turned the key in the ignition.
“You little sneak!” she snapped teasingly, “just how many of my friends and co-workers did you have in on this little surprise of yours?”
Dean winked at her and turned onto the highway heading east towards home. Home. Just the word was enough to send shivers up and down her spine. They were going home. Together.
Once they pulled up in front of Dean’s place, where he opted to park outside of the garage addition, instead parking the SUV in his one allotted spot in front of the building, he quickly came around to her side of the vehicle and opened the door for her, lifting her out of the seat and into his arms, capturing her protest in a brief kiss before heading up the stairs.
With little effort this time, he unlocked the door and took her over the threshold, Abby looked around in shock once she noticed all the boxes, her boxes, stacked against the walls. She looked at Dean through slitted eyes as Rufus and Duchess came bounding out of the guest room to greet them, jumping up and down around Dean’s legs.
“What did you do?” She admonished wiggling in his arms in an attempt to get down.
Dean however just shrugged his shoulders and kept walking, holding her tighter until they reached their destination. The bedroom, where he all but plopped her down on the bed, shrugging out of his suit coat and throwing it on the back of a chair.
“Did I mention you’re not going back to work for the rest of the week either?” He said leaning in and kissing her.
“Dean!” She scolded, fumbling with the buttons of his shirt. “How on earth did you manage all this? And what about my truck?”
“Your truck’s in the garage, and Riley gave me your mother’s number, Grace said she’d actually be in town for a date and offered to spend the night at your place so I could have access, then I hired a few people to bring all your stuff here, your mom oversaw the whole operation for me, brought the dogs too.” He confessed pulling her blouse up over her head and raining kisses on her face and shoulders.
With a little effort, Abby managed to slip out of her jeans and began tugging at Dean’s belt. “You sneaky little son of a bitch,” she said whipping his belt through the last loop and tossing it on the floor.
“I do what I can,” he replied coming up for air and pushing away from her before she could unbutton his pants. “Which reminds me, I have one more surprise for you.”
Abby flopped back against the mattress in frustration. It wasn’t enough that he had proposed to her on NATIONAL TELEVISION, given her an insanely gorgeous and probably crazy expensive ring, moved ALL of her stuff into his place including the dogs, and was currently driving her into a sexual frenzy, now he wanted to surprise her with something else? The man was unbelievable! And what on earth could there possibly be left to give her?
Half naked and barefoot, Dean padded back into the room from what she thought was probably his office, holding a manila folder, which he promptly placed on the bed before her.
“What’s this?” she asked eyeing it skeptically.
“Just open it,” he replied jumping onto the bed next to her, landing on his back and rolling over to face her.
He watched her eyes and smiled as she opened the folder and realized what he had done.
“You! You adopted Duchess?”
“I knew how much she meant to you and Rufus, and I couldn’t very well leave her out of our family unit, now could I Red?” He beamed, lounging back, putting his arms behind his head and leaning on them.
Abby peeked at the signed contract one more time and closed the folder placing it on the nightstand. Then she rolled over on top of Dean straddling him while placing both hands on his chest.
“You amaze me, Dean,” she said leaning in for a kiss.
To her astonishment, Dean turned his head, “Yeah? And why is that? You promised you’d tell me when you figured it out. Have you?”
Staring at him slack-jawed, Abby smacked his bare chest playfully. “Man, you’re something else.”
“So tell me about it then.”
“Alright, fair enough.” She said sliding down his body and unbuttoning his pants. “When we first met, I thought you were just about the cockiest man I’d ever met.”
“And now?” He asked lifting his hips to help her wriggle his pants off.
“And now, I think you’re the most generous man I’ve ever met.” Abby put her mouth around him then and tended to his pulsing desire.
Groaning, Dean buried his fingers in her copper locks, grasping and stroking as she had her way with him.
When she figured he couldn’t stand much more, Abby slid back up his lean form and straddled him once more, guiding his thick shaft into her waiting sheath. “You have the biggest…..heart of any man I know, and I love you, Dean. I love you more than I could ever tell you.” She purred riding him like a bucking bronco.
“Mmmm..” Dean croaked, “then why don’t you show me?” He dared, rolling with her and flipping her underneath him.
Abby looped her arms under his, running her fingers along his back, digging her nails in ever so lightly. “Maybe I will,” she cooed just before he thrust deeply into her, her back arching up to meet him.
Abby met him stride for stride, matching his pace and pushing them both past the point of no return. She came as a wave of intense pleasure splashed over her, Dean forcing himself to the hilt. Abby let out a moan so loud even the dogs howled from the other room, causing them to laugh as Dean tried to force her into another crescendo. And it didn’t take much, he nipped and kissed at the hollow of her throat, her jawline, and her ears, Abby clawed frantically at his back as he continued to thrust into her.
She moaned in rhythm to his body, keeping time with each powerful stroke. Abby was the musician, while Dean used his body to conduct her melody. She panted as the pressure built quickly inside her, coiled so tight she thought she might actually explode. And this time, when the dam broke and she came rushing forth with all her might, Dean wasn’t far behind her. Spilling into her with such force that he nearly collapsed from the exertion afterward.
“I love you, Abby,” Dean whispered breathlessly, looking down at her and stroking the side of her face with the index finger of one hand, while he used his other to prop himself up and take most of his weight off her.
Abby smiled warmly up at him, running a hand through his thick damp hair. “Prove it.” She grinned, arching her hips upward and pulling another groan out of him.
“You’re going to be the death of me you little witch,” he mocked before somehow finding the strength and energy to go another round.
They spent most of the night that way, locked in one another’s arms, lost in sensation after erotic sensation, giving themselves over to the ecstasy their bodies demanded.
And when it was well after midnight, and the moon rose high over the sky, Abby slipped on and buttoned up Dean’s cast aside shirt, throwing a pair of jeans at him, and the two leashed up the dogs for a walk on the beach.
The air was cool, though much warmer than it should have been for this time of year, and the sand beneath their feet squished warmly between their toes. Alone on the beach, they let the dogs roam the shoreline and walked hand and hand under the silvery moonlight. It shone brightly on Abby, casting a light fiery glow to her mane of curls, and Dean couldn’t resist the urge to pull her close and claim her luscious lips, shoving his hands into the soft locks and twisting them around his fingers.
Abby shuddered and groaned as the kiss deepened, opening her mouth to allow his tongue to dance along with her own. So much for not getting everything she ever wanted, she thought to herself as he finally pulled away. Looking up into those deep emerald pools that were his eyes as they sparkled in the glare of the sea, she was sure that nothing in the world could make her happier than she was now.
They sat in the warm sand together, saying nothing for a time as they just looked out at the quiet of the sea. The waves bobbed and dipped, lapping at the shore and pulling the treasures it had cast aside back down with them. Abby could see a pod of dolphins off in the distance jumping and splashing about. And Dean pointed out a crab as it scurried out of reach of the water's embrace probably in search of food.
When the dogs finally grew restless they took them in, grabbing a blanket and returning to their seaside getaway to welcome the new day as dawn broke and the sky began to lighten. The few remaining stars twinkled like diamonds, fighting the sun’s ascent as it began to crest the horizon, splashing the sky a light rose gold.
Abby snuggled closer to Dean and twining their hands together kissed the inside of his palm, sighing contentedly as she watched the painting of a new day. The sky a perfect canvas for the colors it boasted.
Abby had dreamt of moments like this. In the past few years, those dreams became more intense, more sexually explicit. But the man of her dreams seldom had a face, or if he did his features were blurry or out of focus. She had wondered why he never looked like Joey, didn’t feel like Joey.
He didn’t speak very often to her in her dreams, but when he did, he didn’t sound like Joey either. And when they kissed, he tasted like warm brandy, whereas always sucking on some sort of mint, Joey was, well, minty. Until she had met Dean, Abby tried not to question those dreams. After all, dreams were merely the subconscious mind trying to work out various aspects of conscious thoughts right?
Now, though, she wondered if those specific dreams weren’t her heart’s desire. Her yearning for something more, something Joey could never have given her. And of course, once she and Dean had kissed that first evening, her dream lover had a face, Dean’s face. Had it been another sign?
Dean looked down at her then, “I love you, Abby,” he said, softly kissing her on the forehead. “You’ve made me happier than I ever thought possible.”
“I love you too Dean,” Abby affirmed, sitting up and scooting beside him.
“From the moment I saw you, Abby, I knew I could love you,” he whispered, staring deep into her eyes.
“Really?” She asked breathlessly, stroking a finger down his cheek.
Dean nodded, “Ever since that first kiss, all I wanted,” he continued pushing a flaming lock of hair out of her face. “Was to be the man of your dreams.”
Abby sighed and leaned against him. “You already are.” She replied just before their lips met. “You already are…”
###

About the Author


After writing her first novel Contractual Attraction and naming her lead character after two of her favorite hockey players, April decided to write a series of books about two of her favorite things, hockey, and romance! Inspired by the men of the Chicago Blackhawks, the Savannah Slashers' series pays tribute to three of the hottest men in the league while introducing readers to new and intriguing story lines. April currently lives in Florida with her husband and two young sons, where she is hard at work on her next novel! April loves to hear from fellow romance enthusiasts and welcomes comments from readers!
Connect with me!


Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/amcronin87
Friend me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/april.cronin.33
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/acronin487
Follow my blog:http://amcronin87.blogspot.com/
Email me at: mailto:acronin487@gmail.com
Read on for a sneak peek at the second installment of the Savannah Slashers series; Melting the Ice!




“Hey man, are you sure you’re okay to drive?” Donovan asked Steve, his cousin, as he nearly stumbled over the edge of the sidewalk on his way down into the parking lot.
“Yeah, I’m cool. I only had a couple.” He replied slurring his words ever so slightly.
Donovan reached out and touched him on the shoulder, “and I haven’t had any. Why don’t you just give me the keys Steve?”
Steve snorted, “no way! Why would I let your crazy ass behind the wheel of my car? You must be out of your mind!”
Looking at the car in question, a sleek red stingray corvette, Donovan almost laughed. “Dude, I could buy that car three times over and not even break a sweat!”
“Whatever man, fuck you. Just get in,” Steve retorted as he opened the driver’s side door and slumped behind the wheel.
This was a mistake, and Donovan knew it. But once Steve set his mind to something, drunk or not, there wasn’t a chance in hell anyone could change it. He should probably just call a cab, or shit, they weren’t that far from his place, he could probably walk it, but damn it was cold.
Donovan pulled his jacket closer around him and slipped into the passenger seat of Steve’s car. Making sure his seat belt was secure he tried one more time to plead some sanity into his cousin.
It was of course, to no avail.
Steve gave his dark head a shake and turned the key in the ignition, the engine roaring to life as he pumped the gas for effect.
“Take it easy will you?” Donovan cautioned, gripping the edges of his seat as Steve peeled out of the parking lot and headed in the direction of Donovan’s condo.
“Don’t be such a little pussy Donny,” Steve grumbled. “I barely hit sixty going around that turn.”
“Seriously man, I have a game tomorrow. I’d like to make it to work alive.”
Steve laughed and gunned it as they hit the highway.
This was a bad idea. A really bad idea. In fact, the whole night had been a bad idea.
Steve had moved from Canada, into the home office/ guest room at Donovan’s a little more than a few weeks ago, picking up a job at the rink once his visa had been approved.
Cousins, Steve being the son of Donovan’s aunt on his mother's side, they had pretty much grown up together. Only a few months and a couple of streets apart, they lived in the same neighborhood, the one his parents still lived in, and had attended the same schools.
Steve’s father had walked out on him as a baby, so being a single mother, Steve’s mom spent every free moment hanging out with her sister at Donovan’s family home. So he and Steve were pretty much inseparable as youngsters. However, once they were in high school, they steadily grew apart. Donovan excelled academically and devoted himself to hockey. While Steve was a clown, a slacker, and barely graduated.
For the last nine years, Donovan had been the alternate of the NHL Slashers and along with his captain Dean was the highest-paid member of the team. While Steve worked dead end job after dead end job, barely scraping by. So when Steve’s mother passed away from breast cancer a few months ago, Donovan asked Steve to move in with him, and got him a job running the Zamboni and doing maintenance around the rink.
With the money he got from his mother’s life insurance policy, Steve bought himself the little classic T-top corvette, using the rest of the money to pay off any outstanding debt. So other than the car, he moved into Donovan’s with little more than the clothes on his back.
Another mistake.
Donovan liked his privacy. He enjoyed coming home to an empty place. No pets, no kids, no wife. That’s the way he liked it. His bachelor pad. Well, sorta. The kitchen was top notch, the man liked to cook, the living room cozy and the bedroom meant to be slept in.
He had a home office, and a couple of bathrooms also designed for comfort, because hell, who wouldn’t want to watch TV when they were taking a dump? But what would have been his guest room, that was his space. A nicely lit up cabinet for all his awards and display pieces, three big screen TVs so he could watch multiple games at once, a huge sectional, a mini bar, and rounding it off was a popcorn maker and hot dog roller, the works. Because a man never knew when he might be hungry or thirsty while watching the latest sporting event.
Coming home to Steve and his messy antics hadn’t been part of his plan.
Rather than mess with the man cave though, Donovan went out and bought a state of the art Murphy bed system and installed it in his office. With a little maneuvering, the room did double duty just fine. Of course, Steve made himself right at home in the man cave as well. The man simply had no boundaries, he didn’t seem to care where he passed out.
On the couch, on the bed, in his car, hell even a booth at the local bar wasn’t out of the realm of possibilities when it came to Steve and sleeping. Donovan was convinced the man could pretty much sleep anywhere.
And how many times now had the bartender down at some spot or another called Donovan on a regular basis to come and pick his drunk and passed out ass up off their floor? Yeah, letting Steve move in with him had been a mistake. Family or not, he should have never extended the offer.
He only had himself to blame, though. Well, maybe Amie’s friend a little too.
Another sore spot for sure. Shortly after the new year, an article in the tabloids had painted Donovan an ugly shade of man whore. There was a picture of Donovan and Whitney, a very drunk Whitney at that, and she was seemingly hanging all over him. They were at a local charity event, and as Amie was busy wrapping up a shoot in Cabo for a new swimsuit ad she was doing, Donovan had asked Dean’s sister Whitney to attend with him.
Another mistake. Seemed like he was making a lot of those lately.
Whitney was certainly what one might call a ‘free spirit’ but as she was the sister of his best friend and teammate, there had never been anything intimate between him and Whitney, it didn’t matter that she was a total knockout, she was like the sister he never had.
But that night, well, Whitney had a little trouble holding her alcohol. Or maybe it was the acid she had dropped earlier in the night. Whatever it was, she was a hot mess, and Donovan had to practically carry her out of the place. Hence what the cameras had picked up.
Then there was a cozy shot of Donovan and Riley, a friend of Dean’s fiancé, Abby. The picture had been taken the night Dean had first met Abby, they were in a bar, a really loud bar, so he and Riley had leaned in kind of close so that they could talk.
It didn’t matter that he had only hung out with Riley so that Dean could get close to Abby, or that they had later face timed Amie the two girls spending almost an hour chatting about cosmetics and bathing suits. The press had their damning pictures and that’s all they cared about.
There were various other shots of him with fans too, them hugging him or kissing his cheek, and one with Donovan and Denise, the wife of his goalie Francois Baudin. The two went out to lunch together one day so that Donovan could help her pick out a new watch for France’s birthday. Nothing sinister there, but the picture of them hugging was enough to cast doubt in the minds of millions of fans.
He was the Patrick Sharp (while playing for the Blackhawks he’d been accused of sleeping with a teammate’s wife) of the Slashers. Sleeping with every woman that came within two feet of him, even if they were married to his own teammates!
Of course, Amie hadn’t believed it, any of it. Didn’t matter, though, they were both just so busy with their careers lately, they hadn’t had much time for each other. So, in the end, Amie’s jealous friend, Candace, the one who had hired a P.I. to take the pictures and send them off to various tabloids, had gotten what she wanted.
Donovan and Amie broke up. He cared about Amie, a lot, and Amie had cared about him too, but sometimes, things just didn’t work out the way you hoped they would. So because he was lonely, he called Steve. And because he was lonely, he invited Steve to stay with him.
So essentially, this was all that little tramp’s fault.
Because of her, and in his mind obviously not because of circumstances he couldn’t control, Donovan was clinging for dear life to the seat of his cousin’s car as they barreled down the highway at speeds he didn’t even want to consider.
“It’s Saturday man!” his cousin had said that night before they went out. “We’re both good looking single guys, let’s get drunk and pick up some tail!”
As a rule, Donovan didn’t drink the night before a game, in fact, he wasn’t much of a drinker period. Unless he was grilling, because if he were being honest, grilling was a drinking sport, everyone knew that.
So instead, he watched his cousin pound a couple of shots and gulp down a few pints as he embarrassed himself miserably with the ladies. It was the highlight of the whole evening really. Steve wasn’t a bad looking guy, but he certainly took after his father, as his mother was more on the fair side. Steve was of average height, with a beer gut and thinning dark hair. He had brown eyes and a big nose. His smile was his one redeeming asset. He, like Donovan, had inherited that from his mother’s side of the family.
Straight, white teeth, full lips and a sure as shit cocky grin. It was heart stopping when used correctly.
Of course, once he had a few drinks in him, that smile didn’t matter so much with the obscenities he was spewing. Women were NOT impressed.
Wearing a Slasher’s cap pulled low, and his favorite bomber jacket with the collar up, Donovan was able to go unnoticed for the most part, so he sat back sipping on a coke as he watched Steve make an ass of himself.
At that point, it hadn’t seemed like such a waste of an evening, but now… Well, now was a different matter altogether. He shouldn’t have let Steve drive; they should’ve taken his Escalade like he had suggested. Of course, Steve was insolent and demanded they cruise ‘in style’ in his corvette. Because a black Escalade with rims and a killer media package wasn’t style. Whatever.
As they took their exit a little too tight, and the wheels of the corvette scrambled to grab the pavement, Donovan levered his right hand against the window and cursed under his breath.
“Slow the fuck down would you!” He nearly shouted.
Steve turned to face him and laughed again, throwing his head back, “is the big bad hockey player scared?” he mocked.
Just then a deer darted into the road.
“Shit, a deer!” Donovan screamed, “watch the fucking road, Steve! Look out!”
Steve turned back just in time to miss the deer, but overcorrected, sending them skittering across the two lane road and down the left side of the embankment.
As the back end of the car clipped the edge of a guardrail it went airborne, rolling over a couple of times before it ultimately slammed into a large oak tree, miraculously coming to a stop upright again.
The sounds of broken glass and twisting metal reverberated in Donovan’s ears as his face made contact with the dashboard, blood, warm and metallic smelling seeped from a gash on his forehead. But he was alive. He sat there for a moment, just breathing, trying to sort out his jumbled thoughts. What had just happened?
There was a deer. Had they hit the deer? No. No, they hadn’t hit the deer. The guardrail! They hit the guardrail and flipped! Oh god, his head was pounding. Slowly he reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone dialing 911.
“911, what is your emergency?” The operator stated, all business like.
“I’ve just been in an accident, I’m off highway 80 near Skidway Drive. We’re down the embankment, we’ve hit a tree,” Donovan croaked. He had the phone held between his head and his right shoulder and used his right hand to slowly take stock of his injuries. Noticing he couldn’t move the left side of his upper body.
“Is everyone okay?” The operator asked. Donovan could hear their fingers clicking on the keys as they pinpointed his location.
“I. I don’t know.” Donovan painfully looked over to the driver’s seat to find it empty. “My cousin, my cousin isn’t in the car anymore. He was driving.” He replied, his voice hitching a notch.
“Don’t panic, we’ve got the EMT’s and the fire department on their way. Can you get out of the car sir?”
“No.” He said feeling groggy and lightheaded. He was losing blood, it streamed from the shallow cut on his forehead and he could feel it soaking into his t-shirt and jacket from the injury to his left shoulder. “My left shoulder is pinned, I, I can’t move it.”
“Okay sir, just hang in there. Someone will be there any moment.”
The wail of sirens was barely heard over the throbbing in his head, and plumes of smoke wafted from the hood of the car as it creaked and groaned. But luckily it showed no signs of catching fire. Relieved, yet unable to withstand the pain any longer, Donovan let the phone slip away and faded into the blackness creeping around him. It was peaceful. It felt nice.
Donovan didn’t know how long he had been out, but when he ebbed over the edge of awareness and the pain it brought with it, he could hear people and the sound of metal ripping as the jaws of life pulled apart his cousin’s precious car.
“Hang in there son!” A large man shouted over the noise. “You’re almost out!” Through the haze, Donovan could see that he had a kind face. A lived in kind of look, but friendly, and he was holding a pad of gauze to Donovan’s forehead to staunch the blood.
As the roof was removed, and the bar of the T-top carefully pulled away from his shoulder, the fireman stabilized his neck and gently slid him from the car and onto a stretcher.
“Steve? Where’s… Steve?” Donovan asked fighting off a wave of nausea. The pain was almost unbearable now.
“He’s fine son. He’s fine.” The large man assured him as he secured a neck brace around Donovan and helped a paramedic wrap his shoulder.
With that small peace of mind, Donovan let the blackness succumb him once again, slipping under as they loaded him into the back of a waiting ambulance and sped off in the direction of the nearest hospital.

When he finally came to again, the pain was gone. The morphine pumping through his veins had seen to that. The neck brace had been removed, and while an IV was in place, Donovan noticed he was still dressed in his own clothing, just his jacket had been removed so far.
He scooted up in the bed and looked himself over, feeling his forehead, which had been wrapped up, and down his chest and legs. All in all, he was in pretty good shape.
Once he tried to move his left arm, however, he felt a slight wince of pain despite the hardcore painkillers he had been given. His left shirt sleeve was saturated in blood, and the top of it was caked and matted to his shoulder. Making movement nearly impossible.
Attempting to peel the shirt from his skin, Donovan was distracted as the curtain to his bed was yanked open and a beautiful nurse strode in.
She walked with a purpose, and barely gave Donovan enough time to really look her over as she dumped some bandages and suture equipment on the table next to him before pulling up a stool and grabbing a pair of scissors.
“You’re awake.” She said matter of factly and lifted his arm, causing him to wince again.
“Ouch!” he cried out, turning and pushing the nurse’s hands away from his bloodied shoulder. “Watch it, woman! I need that arm! Damn it, don’t you know who the hell I am?”
Lacy’s eyebrows rose in disbelief, “frankly, I don’t give a damn you who are, you’re acting like a child and you’re preventing me from doing my job. That sleeve needs to be removed. Or would you rather I stitch it to you?” She snapped.
Despite his objections, Lacy grabbed for his arm again, albeit a little more gently this time, and began cutting away the blood soaked fabric of his shirt.
“This might hurt a little bit.” She said, none too friendly, and continued to cut at the material, pulling it little by little away from the gash on the top of his shoulder.
Once his sleeve was completely removed, Lacy placed a wad of gauze over the injury and began unbuttoning Donovan’s shirt. While her fingers moved deftly down his chest, Donovan gulped as he watched her.
She may not have had much of a bedside manner, but the woman was certainly far from repulsive. Of course, the fact that such thoughts were even running through his mind in his present condition didn’t even occur to him. He just figured it was the effects of the morphine.
Lacy was tall for a woman, probably around 5’10 if he had to guess, all legs. He could only imagine what they looked like bare. Even in her scrubs, he could tell she was toned and slender. Her hair was cut in a short bob at the nape of her neck but longer towards her face, and it was multicolored, something that normally wouldn’t appeal to Donovan, but on her, it worked.
It was black underneath at her neck, and then blonde with various streaks of red throughout. She wore thick dark rimmed glasses, but they did nothing to hide her emerald green eyes. They were deep pools of sparkling jade, framed by lush black lashes.
While Donovan continued to take his fill of her features, those eyes were presently fixed on the open gash at the top of his shoulder as she carefully used a sponge to mop up the blood that continued to dribble out.
Her face was all angles, and it worked well, her chin, though, he realized was a bit stubborn, but almost cute really. She also had a smattering of freckles dusted across the top of her nose and cheeks.
Separately, her features may not have worked, but together, she was stunning. Probably more beautiful than she had any right to be. Too bad her attitude didn’t match her looks.
Sitting as still as possible, Donovan groaned while she continued to clean the wound and prepare it for stitches.
“After I stitch you up, we’re going to need a couple of x-rays, and an MRI,” Lacy informed him as she readied her suture supplies.
Finally snapping out of his trance, Donovan blinked a couple of times and looked at her quizzically, “when do I see the doctor?” he asked. “And what can you tell me about my cousin, Steve? We were brought in together.”
Lacy half snorted, “he’s already been here, you were passed out. As for your cousin, I don’t know, I’m not assigned to him.”
Leaning forward slightly Donovan got a good look at her name tag, and caught a whiff of her perfume, sending his hormones back into overdrive. Damn this woman. He needed to get a grip on himself, and fast.
“Thank you so much… nurse… Johnson. You’ve been ever so helpful.” He scoffed, after grounding out the words, finally able to rein in his lust.
“Don’t mention it,” Lacy sneered as she jabbed a needle into him to numb the area.
“Shit!” Donovan cursed, “Do you have to be so damn rough?”
“Did that hurt? I’m sorry, I’ll be more gentle next time," she crooned sarcastically.
Biting his tongue, Donovan sat back against the bed and kept his derogatory remarks to himself, though he could have sworn he had heard her call him a baby when she turned her back to pick up the needle.
As promised, Lacy was indeed more gentle as she stitched up the wound and put his arm in a sling, but it wasn’t much. Yeah, her bedside manner definitely needed work.
Gathering up her things as she turned to leave him, Lacy said over her shoulder, “someone will be here in a minute to take you down to x-ray.”
“And the doctor?” he asked before she could close the curtain.
“You’ll see him after he looks over the results.” She said with forced pleasantry and a snarl on those luscious lips.
Angry, if not a bit amused, Donovan watched her bottom twitch beneath the pants of her scrubs just before the curtain closed behind her.

Lacy made her way to the nurse’s station, plopping down in her chair behind the counter and sighing as she filled out her chart before setting it aside and logging onto her computer to input the latest data.
A petite little blonde nurse named Michelle, whom everyone called Shelly, strolled up next to her and grabbed Lacy’s stack of charts, sitting down in her own chair to look them over. Shelly was only two years older than Lacy, but had been at the hospital for three. She’d graduated from high school a year early, and thus got her nursing certification earlier as well. She was the chief nurse, and Lacy’s best friend.
“Ooh, Donovan Pierce! What’s he in for?” Shelly asked as she caught his name at the top of the chart.
“Hmm?” Lacy responded, looking up from her computer. “Who?”
“Donovan.. I mean, room three.”
“Oh, him,” Lacy said with vehemence. “Car accident, probably ligament damage.”
“Ouch, that’ll keep him out for a few games. Poor thing.” Shelly clucked putting aside his chart to look over the next one.
“Yeah, poor thing. Sure.” Lacy grumbled.
“Give you a hard time did he?”
“Pfft. He was an outright child.” She said, turning back to her computer. “You know who he is? Is he special or something?” Lacy remarked trying to sound disinterested.
“Honey, Donovan Pierce? special doesn't even begin to describe Donovan Pierce”
“Okay, and that name is supposed to mean something to me because?”
“You don’t watch sports much do you?” Shelly asked in disbelief.
Pulling her glasses down over her nose slightly, Lacy frowned, “do I look like the kind of girl that watches sports?”
Shelly pursed her lips, considering her friend in earnest. “No, I guess not,” she said shaking her head. “Donovan Pierce is the co-captain for the local NHL team.. the Slashers.”
Lacy rolled her eyes, “so that’s why he asked me if I knew who he was. He was such a baby”
Laughing, Shelly put the stack of charts aside and stood. “I’m going to go get some coffee, can I get you any?”
“No, thanks, though.”
As she watched Shelly leave, Lacy thought back on her brief conversation with who she now knew to be one of the most famous people she’d ever met, and cringed a little on the inside. She'd been rather rude to him. Shaking her head, she brushed aside the foolish notion and tried to concentrate on her work.
Tried being the operative word.
Now that she allowed herself to actually think of Donovan, she realized he’d had more of an effect on her than any man had had in a long time. He was a patient, though, a mean, rotten patient at that! But maybe he was a pretty good looking guy underneath all that blood. Perhaps that was why she'd been so defensive, though she hadn't been aware of that until now.
His hair was matted in red, but she could tell it was unruly and a shade of natural dark blonde, and his eyes, gosh his eyes were beautiful! Wasted on a man like that. They were a shade of blue so light they hinged on green, and he had thick coppery lashes and eyebrows. His face was rugged, his chin square, but his lips full. And when she’d taken off his shirt.. hell, she should’ve guessed he was an athlete as toned as he was!
As Shelly walked back behind the desk and took her seat, Lacy pushed the last of the erotic thoughts from her mind and focused again on the task at hand. She didn't have time for men like Donovan Pierce.

###
