


PLAYING FOR KEEPS

Liz Matis
Copyright © 2011 Elizabeth Matis

Print ISBN: 978-0-98400098-1-7

Digital ISBN: 978-0-98400098-2-4

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopy, scanning, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system now known or hereafter invented, without permission in writing from the author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition October 2011



Contents

Also By Liz Matis
Dedication
Poem
CHAPTERS
1|2|3|4|5
6|7|8|9|10
11|12|13
Epilogue
About the Author
Preview: Love By Design



Also by Liz Matis:

Love By Design

Going For It – coming April 2012



This book is dedicated to my teachers who never stifled my creativity with rules. Thank you.



He’ll hold back the dawn
a moment longer, to
study the delicate features of her face
feel her heartbeat under his palm
breathe in the scent of her skin, to
imprint the memory, to
carry him through the long day
until dusk settles in the sky
then they will embrace again
love again, so
he will let the dawn come

Liz Matis



Chapter 1

“Miss, we need to see your credentials.” Two guards stood firmly in front of the New York Cougars’ locker room.
With her index finger, Samantha pointed to the press card attached to her crisp white blouse. She tried to duck past them, but they didn’t budge.
“It says here, Sam Jameson.”
As other sportswriters breezed by, she conjured up a polite tone and explained, “That’s my byline; it’s short for Samantha.”
“I’ll have to verify your credentials with the head of security,” the taller of the two said. She read his name badge. Tom. The man stepped to the side, flipping open his radio like he was a Secret Service agent, while the other guard, Jerry, still barred her way.
Samantha said nothing. Being a journalist led to confrontations such as this and she had more than her fair share, in far worse situations. Still, frustration nagged at her, even as she reminded herself the guards were just doing their jobs. Though if she were a man she doubted she’d have this much trouble.
She bet the star tight-end for the NY Cougars believed women didn’t belong in this inner sanctum, as well. He’d certainly come a long way since playing college ball with her brother, but she doubted that included his views on women as anything but playthings. Ryan Terell. The thought of him evoked vivid memories.
Shoulder length black hair falling in waves like rumpled satin, deep green eyes that seemed to know what she was thinking at any given moment, and hands made for more than catching passes. Much more. Sure, great packaging, but underneath the chiseled exterior was a man who hadn’t socially evolved from dragging his knuckles on the ground. If only he’d worked as hard on his interior.
Thank God she was no longer a silly college girl who fantasized about him. She was a woman now. She’d been around the world and around all types of men. Even big, hulking Marines who rescued stupid reporters. Yup, she was definitely over Ryan Terell.
If the arrogant egomaniac hadn’t changed since their days at Notre Dame, her job would prove more difficult than getting banned from the locker room. And she needed this sports writing gig to work out. She couldn’t go back to writing hard news. Not ever.
She imagined a sign reading, ‘No Girls Allowed’, like the one her brothers had hung on their clubhouse door. Well, she’d torn that sign down and mentally did the same with the one she imagined now.
Tom came back and whispered something to Jerry.
“How do we know you’re not some groupie?”
“Do I look like a groupie?” Samantha placed her hand on her hip.
“Well, actually you look like one of those lesbians. If so, then it wouldn’t be a problem letting you in.”
Samantha realized this was an initiation and it had Ryan written all over it. Pretty lame. If she handled the sand spider the reporter threw into her tent in Iraq, she could handle anything. Okay, so she screamed like a teenage girl in a horror film, and had every Marine at camp running to her rescue.
The two guards in front of her were nothing compared to that sand spider. She decided to play along, not that she had much choice. Her deadline loomed. “Oh, that’s me. I’m one of those lesbians.”
With the magic word spoken they parted and even opened the door. Armed with a notepad, she took a deep breath and walked into the Cougars’ locker room.
A mixture of sweat, meatball subs, and Ben Gay immediately assailed her senses. Through tearing eyes she focused on the deep gold carpet covering the floor. Emblazoned in the center was a huge Cougars insignia. As her vision cleared she scanned the room. Each player was assigned a locker that looked more like a stall. The space was made of wood with a small but sturdy stool in front. Each locker was filled with helmets, pads, uniforms, and several pairs of cleats. The players walked around in various stages of undress, shouting and laughing, riding high on the days win. Reporters, mostly male, were engaged in interviews with the heroes.
Someone snapped a towel inches from her face, startling her. She must have looked shell shocked. She’d been in war zones, raids on drug lords, and in the aftermath of hurricanes, but nothing could quite have prepared her for this. Not that this testosterone-laden playground compared to those events. Still all her senses heightened into overload.
Looking at her tormentor, she recognized the kicker, Steve Probost. “Thanks.”
“Any time, rookie.”
“Me? I’m not the who missed a field goal today.”
“Ouch.”
Samantha asked him a few questions and then moved on, spotting Ryan at the far end of the room. Might as well get this over with. It wasn’t like she could avoid him; he caught five passes for 125 yards and scored a touchdown. Her readers would expect a quote.
As she drew closer, she noticed he’d gained about ten pounds since college - all muscle. His hair was cut in a military type buzz. Did the owners of the team make him cut it? Or was he trying to hide a receding hairline?
Fresh from the shower he wore a towel wrapped around his hips. Drops of water still clung to his well-muscled shoulders. The urge to lick each droplet away abruptly entered her thoughts. She shook off the craving, reminding herself that she was a professional journalist and not some love struck teenager. Apparently the ‘girl now a woman’ theory wasn’t holding up.
Should she show disinterest or put him off guard with a smile to show she wasn’t intimidated by a roomful of giant naked men? A roomful of naked men? What am I doing here?
“Hello, Terell,” she said with false bravado.
He turned to face her. Was it possible he was even sexier without the long locks? And when did he get the starburst tattoo around his navel? She clenched her notebook so she wouldn’t reach out to trace the lines with her fingertips.
“Hey Sami, your brother said you’d be starting today.”
Ryan bent forward to give her a quick kiss on the forehead, like she was his kid sister. She didn’t want to be his kid sister, but never wanted to be one of his ‘women’ either. Not that he was asking. But he did ask you once before and you turned him down.
“He said to take it easy on you.”
Embarrassed, she stepped back and looked around, wondering why everyone was staring, then realizing they were waiting to see how she’d react to Ryan’s set up with the guards. “Umm…I got a few questions.”
“A little late, aren’t we? Did you stop to powder your nose?” he mocked.
She bit back a smile. How could she forget Ryan’s sense of humor, which at times was more dangerous than his handsome face? His wit had a way of chipping at her resolve to have nothing to do with him. “Yeah, well two guards at the door thought I was some sex-crazed groupie.”
“Yeah, I know.” He casually leaned against the side of the locker.
“And how would you know?” She played her assigned role as laughter filtered around the room. “Okay, what’s going on?”
“I set you up.”
“Oh, you did, did you?”
His teammate, Jake Miller, added, “And he bet us a c-note you’d say you were a lesbian to get in.”
Samantha turned to Ryan and winked. “Yeah, but he cheated.”
“Cheated?” The question echoed in the locker room in unison.
“I am one.”
Laughter broke out again and the crowd of players dispersed. Pure genius! If they thought she was a lesbian, she wouldn’t be hit on and they might give her some respect. Though knowing the reputation of pro athletes, they might try to get her in a three-way with one of their groupies. She might have to re-think her strategy but for now she said, “So Ryan, it’s good you make five mil a year. That was an expensive bet.”
“Yeah, like they believe you.”
“You’re in trouble man,” said Jake. “She already knows how much you rake in. I knew no woman could be after you for your looks.”
“Shut up, Jake.” Ryan turned back to Samantha. “You got off easy. You don’t even want to know what we did to Jacobs from The Post.”
“You call this taking it easy on me? Outing me?” Oh, that was good. “I don’t think that’s what my brother had in mind.”
“Outing you? Spare me.”
“Don’t give him a hard time. It’s just our way of welcoming you,” Jake interjected.
“Well, I feel all warm and fuzzy now.”
Ryan jumped on the comment. “I’ve waited ten years to hear you say that - well, maybe not exactly that, but it’s close enough.”
“In your dreams.” Samantha smacked him with her notepad. Sometimes he was as irritating as her brothers though what she felt for him even after ten years was not what she would call brotherly love.
“I love it! A woman who finally put you in your place.”
“That’s enough, Miller. The lesb - oh, I mean the lady is here to interview me. And it’s not my bank account she’s after, but my dazzling conversation.”
He turned back to Samantha. “Okay, ask away, but first…“ He took a dry towel from his locker and handed it to her. “You should strip down and put this on. I think it’s only fair, you know. Equality. I know how important all that equal crap is to you.”
She threw the towel back at him. “Maybe you should get dressed.”
“It would be more fun my way, but if you insist.” Ryan whipped the towel off his body. Some of his teammates whistled. He smiled, his eyes daring her to take a look.
She didn’t. Oh, she wanted to. Desperately. But that would be unprofessional. Samantha raised her notepad to block her view.
Relieved she’d passed some sort of test, she fired off questions he or any other player had been asked a thousand times and he answered in turn. Surprisingly, there were no self-serving remarks.
“Where’s the earring?” she asked as the interview came to a close.
Ryan’s hand automatically went to his ear lobe. “Is that a personal question or are you going to write about that?”
“Forget it. I was just curious,” she said a little more sharply than she meant to.
“Whoa, I was only kidding. It didn’t go with the haircut.”
“What happened to the hair?”
“Now, that is a personal question, which means I get to ask you one.”
“Forget it. I was just-”
“Curious. Okay, you can look now.” Ryan smirked.
Samantha peeked over her notepad. He was still shirtless, but she could deal with that, couldn’t she? She was over him. Right? “Okay, thanks. I’ll see you around.”
“Am I forgiven?”
“Don’t sweat it. Oh, but you might want to sweat the payback, though. It’s a bitch.”
With a click of her pen, she turned on her heel and went to find her next interview.
*** 
Ryan grabbed his shirt and eased his bruised elbow into the sleeve. As he slowly buttoned it with swollen fingers, he watched Samantha work the room. With that sparkling smile no one could resist answering her questions. Even Glock, the running-back, who currently wasn’t speaking to the press, was spilling his guts to her.
Ryan wanted to spill more than his guts to her, but he wasn’t going to waste his time trying to win her over like he did back at school. Even tutoring her until three in the morning before her college math exam did him no good. Not even a lousy peck on the cheek.
No matter what he did she said no ---the first and only girl to say no. Hell, he never had to ask. Maybe she was a lesbian. That would explain a lot - and soothe his ego. But deep down he knew she wasn’t, which meant she found something lacking in him. Though what she found attractive in those loser poet types she dated in college he could never figure out.
But that was Samantha, a problem to solve because there was something about her that didn’t add up. Why ask him about the earring and hair? He was surprised she even noticed. And while his appearance had changed from his college days, Samantha’s hair was the same shade of golden auburn, which reminded him of autumn leaves. He longed to dive into the glorious mane like a kid diving into a pile of freshly raked leaves.
His noted her clothing and the way they hung loosely on her body. Her brother, Patrick, said she’d lost weight. Ryan had the sudden idea to ask her out to dinner.
“Man, you’ve got it bad,” said Jake. “Not that I blame you. She is-”
“A lesbian.” Maybe if they believed it the guys would leave her alone.
“Well, it looks like Burner over there is trying to convert her.”
Ryan clenched his fist. Billy Burner, the rookie tight-end, was eyeing Samantha up and down while she interviewed him. What kind of name was that anyway? “Lesbian or not, her brother is a NYPD detective. Spread it around, will you?”
Jake eyed him a moment, then shook his head. “Sure thing.”
“What?”
“Nothing.”
“What?” Ryan asked again.
“Never seen you like this.”
“Like what?”
“A puppy begging for a bone.”
Ryan gawked at his teammate and friend of eight years. “Man, I think you hit your head out there, because you’re seeing things.” He quickly stuffed his gym bag.
Jake cleared his throat and Ryan looked up. Samantha sashayed toward him. Alight with amusement, the gold flecks in her light brown eyes reminded him of sparkling apple cider.
“Ryan, Burner reminds me of you ten years ago.”
“He can’t shut up, can he?”
“Nope. Thank God.”
“Take it easy on him, he’s a rookie.” Ryan didn’t know why he was defending the jerk, probably because Samantha was right; Burner was a lot like Ryan.
“Easy? Like you guys were on me today?” Samantha shook her head no as she waved goodbye.
“See you,” Ryan said lamely as she walked away again.
Jake belted out a laugh. “That was pathetic.” Then added a whimpering bark.
Ryan grabbed the bag and headed for his car. He pulled out of the stadium parking lot, driving with the skill that a Porsche required. He came to a red light and looked at himself in the rearview mirror. Jake didn’t know what he was talking about. He’d never begged for a woman’s attention. If Samantha didn’t want it there were plenty of women who did and the women who already had wouldn’t describe him as a puppy. More like his team’s namesake, the Cougars.
But Ryan didn’t want other women. At least not right now. Samantha had him in heat and he needed to bury himself in hers. He had talked himself into believing he could treat her like his best friend’s little sister. That was clearly not going to work, not with his imagination already kicking into gear with sex scenarios – the fifty-yard line, the end zone, up against the wall in the tunnel leading out onto the field, the--
A horn blasted and he looked up. Damn, the light had turned green. He checked the rearview mirror again and roughly shifted gears. Behind him he saw Jake laughing and waving like he knew what Ryan had been daydreaming about.
Couldn’t a guy fantasize in peace?
What was he even doing thinking about her in that way anyway? The poor girl had been through enough. He shouldn’t mess around with her especially when he wasn’t the settling kind.
But a woman like Samantha could make a guy re-think his position on the state of matrimony.
During those three days when she went missing in Iraq, all he did was worry. He sat in vigil with the family as they awaited news and selfishly thought he missed his chance on making Samantha his.
Details trickled out slowly. Samantha went rogue without the protection of the Marines she was embedded with. A car bombing was reported. A later call informed them she wasn’t among the wreckage, but taken hostage by insurgents. An excruciating twenty-four hours dragged by before they learned of her rescue by the very Marines she abandoned. Stupid girl.
His hands tightened around the steering wheel. The thought of her, so small and helpless, going to hell and back, ate at his gut. He’d never felt so powerless in his life. Not even when he was a boy and dragged to yet another foster home.
Ryan would never forget the call. While her family celebrated in joy, he only remembered the feeling of relief washing over him. Another emotion followed in its wake. Hope. Maybe it wasn’t too late.
Samantha had blocked all his moves in the past. It was time to write a new chapter in his playbook.



Chapter 2

With her hands full of packages, Samantha waited impatiently as her roommate unlocked the door. Hannah Hahn, the super-model and super-friend, had taken her in without a word when everyone else bombarded her with questions.
“Wait a minute, the lock is stuck.”
She shifted the bags of groceries and leaned against the door. The lock came free and she stumbled forward. Hannah caught the eggs in mid-air. “Oh sure, save the eggs.”
“When you’re only allowed protein…”
Hannah, bless her heart, worked at being model thin. She was the poster girl for a high-protein diet. Hannah also obsessively worked out seven days a week unlike Samantha whose only fitness came periodically from what the Marines came to call as her demon-runs.
After putting away the groceries and hiding a box of Captain Crunch cereal she’d snuck in, she plopped down on the overstuffed sofa in relief. It was good to be back in the States. Hot water, burgers and fries, speaking English on a regular basis and not being kidnapped by terrorists topped the long list. But despite the relief at her homecoming, she was having trouble adjusting to a normal life. She’d been gone so long she felt like a foreigner in her own country.
Hannah came into the living room and started picking up after herself. “So, how’s the new job?”
“Okay.”
“That’s all you have to say? You went in the locker room, didn’t you?”
Samantha knew what she wanted to hear but decided to tease her a little longer. She shrugged. “It’s a room with lockers and showers.”
Hannah jumped next to her on the couch in an un-super model-like fashion. “And naked men! What was Jake Miller wearing? Or better yet, not wearing! Details, girl, I need details.” She held her breath waiting for Samantha’s answer.
“Geez, Hannah, I’m only there to interview the players, not scout for Playgirl magazine.”
“Oh, now that’s a job I’d sign up for.”
“Hannah!”
“What?” Hannah gave her best innocent look, which wasn’t very innocent at all. “So you didn’t sneak a peek at all? Not once?”
Samantha shook her head. “All you look for are the whites of their eyes and not the whites of their tan lines.”
“Not even Ryan, your college sweetheart?” Hannah made a kissing sound.
Samantha hit her with one of the couch pillows. “He was not my college sweetheart.”
“Don’t think he got the memo -- he called.”
Pushing down the giddy rush quelling up inside her, she calmly asked, “What did he want?” Now it was her turn to hold her breath.
“Not until you tell me what happened.”
Samantha relayed the day’s event, feeling like a sixteen year-old again when she dished about Ryan whipping off his towel. Hannah whistled. A couple of days of living together had them acting like teenagers on an extended sleepover. Like nothing had changed, but everything had. She finished the story with, “He’s different from the guy I knew back in Notre Dame.”
“What did you expect, Samantha? He’s a man now, not a college boy.”
“True.” She mulled over Hannah’s reasoning. Could ten years change a man? Not that he was ever a bad guy, just a frustratingly arrogant playboy; and who could blame him? As a handsome, smart, and sure to be rich football star, the girls on campus had literally thrown themselves at him. Not her, though. Samantha never wanted to be one of his girls. “So, what did he want?” she asked again.
“He didn’t say. He left his number on the answering machine.”
“Hannah!”
“What? As a journalist you should appreciate my skill in getting you to talk.”
“I’ve taught you well. Too well.” Samantha got up and went into the kitchen to listen to the message. What could he possibly want? She’d just seen him three hours ago. Hitting the play button didn’t prepare her for the deep timber of his voice telling her it was nice to see her and to call him. Butterflies took flight in her belly. Samantha replayed it three times, wanting to read something more into his call. He probably wanted to talk about the game.. She bit her lip. What did you expect? An invite to dinner? To bed?
“Are you going to call him?”
Startled, Samantha put her hand to her heart.
“Sorry,” Hannah said.
Samantha took a deep breath. “I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“Then why do you need his number?”
“In case I need a last minute quote or something.”
“Mmm…something.” Hannah arched her eyebrow the way only she and Mr. Spock could.
“Let’s go watch T.V.”
As they walked backed to the living room Hannah said, “If you’re not interested in him, maybe I can give him a call?”
“What about Jake Miller?” Samantha felt a momentarily flutter of panic. It wouldn’t be her roommate’s first time dating a pro football player and her super model body was made to order for Ryan’s bed.
Hannah curled up on the couch with a satisfied cat-like smile. “See? You are interested.”
“Look, I’ll concede the man is hot. Okay? But Hannah, I can’t date anyone from the team. People will think I’m trading sex for the inside scoop. I’d lose my creditability and that’s not worth a lay even if it would be a good one.”
Hannah flipped her hair back. “True, but it’s a shame you have to limit your dating pool.”
“You have no idea how shitty a woman sportswriter can be treated if she’s known as a jock-hunter.”
“Then, I don’t want your job.” Hannah grabbed the remote and flipped on a reality show.
Samantha’s eyes glazed over. She dealt with way too much real life on a regular basis, and when she wanted to unwind, comedies seemed to do the trick. She’d played her own game of Survivor, but without the million bucks at the end. Instead, she was rewarded with nightmares. As the showed droned on, her thoughts turned back to Ryan.
She could sure talk big about not dating anyone on the team, however Ryan wasn’t just anyone. He was her college crush, her brother’s best buddy, and a family friend - the reason why she was back. So why the reversal? Was she scared? Or had reality set in?
Her mother loved Ryan. What mother wouldn’t love the charming rich guy who racked up the brownie points by opening doors, pulling chairs out, and offering to help with the dishes when he knew full well her mother would refuse? But if her mother ever discovered he’d tried to seduce her daughter, she’d …well…actually she’d probably be glad. But her mother didn’t realize that Ryan wasn’t the marrying kind. Samantha did and so did her father, but that still didn’t stop her from the fantasy that was so dangerous. Where Ryan wasn’t the playboy football player. Physically he looked the same - nothing to improve on there - but he would be the type of guy who liked to cuddle on the couch, cook for her, and rub her feet. In his spare time he’d rescue puppies and write poetry. Emotionally, he was loyal and dedicated only to her and not the whole female population.
Hopefully, Ryan would do something stupid or say something outrageous the next time they met. Then she could start to rebuild the wall around her heart, which had crumbled over time without her even knowing it. But hadn’t she fought for this plum assignment using all the pull she had in this town so she could be in his world again? Perhaps, she wasn’t scared of him, but the outside world. She let out an involuntary sigh.
“Everything okay?” Hannah asked.
“It’s been a long day, I’m heading off to bed.”
“Sami…you can talk to me…you know that, don’t you?”
In the past, Samantha confided in Hannah, but this wasn’t high school where they could talk about anything, because that anything was stuff like boy trouble or how her math teacher was really an evil robot to keep her in high school forever with a D-minus.
She couldn’t tell Hannah what truly happened in Iraq. Samantha couldn’t tell anybody. Even in her last article, filed while she waited for a flight home, she sugarcoated the ordeal. A reporter shouldn’t become the story. Her job was about other people’s experiences, not her own. Other journalists would’ve sucked the life out it, maybe vie for a Pulitzer, but not Samantha. Not now, anyway. She learned her lesson. No one would ever know the whole story, nor the guilt or shame she carried away from it.
“I appreciate that, but it’s all down for posterity in black and white. There’s nothing more to tell.”
Trying to lighten the mood, Hannah said, “Do you think they really have scouts at Playgirl?”
Samantha laughed. “Goodnight, Hannah.”
*** 
Hannah hated to see her friend this way. Samantha seemed lost and distant unlike the carefree teenager she remembered. She wanted to help, but she didn’t know how. Okay, so she’d given up her spare bedroom - big deal. It wasn’t like she was using it for any great purpose other than to store a hundred pairs of shoes to go along with the other hundred in her walk-in closet.
She needed to do more. Samantha needed a man - a sexy, big, hulking, and capable of protecting her sort of man. Ryan Terell.
She could definitely see why Samantha liked him, and she did like him. Hannah knew it. All the excuses were a typical Samantha roadblock used to keep people at a distance. Ryan was the opposite, using a string of women to keep his heart safe. She knew the type well. In fact, Hannah could be a female Ryan when it came to love.
But the latest news from the gossip pages had been quiet in regards to his dating habits. Hannah remembered him from a couple of parties and bars. He was quite the playboy in his day, but she had a feeling those days were over. She’d have to ask around to be sure.
Even if it didn’t last, at least Samantha would be distracted from her past. But what if Ryan broke her heart? That could be even more devastating than a gun at your head. And Hannah knew Samantha had already lived through that.



Chapter 3

Samantha bought a diet soda from the machine in the hallway and headed for her desk. She popped the top as she sat down. After taking a long drink she began writing her piece about Sunday’s upcoming game.
“What kind of sportswriter are you? We drink coffee around here, not wimpy diet drinks.” Mike Burry, her editor, leaned against the wall of the cubicle. His suit drooped over his lean frame, his clashing tie wasn’t even tied, and his shoes were one step away from the garbage can.
Samantha leaned back in the chair, smiling up at her new boss. “Coffee? And here I was expecting beer on tap.”
“I can see you’ll fit in. You’re Jameson’s daughter through and through.”
She should be used to living in the shadow of her father’s legacy. You’d think after writing hard news for years the guys in the industry would cut her some slack. But no, she’d always be known as Jerry Jameson’s little girl. “Yup, I’m a chip off the old block.”
“What are you working on?”
“I just got back from interviewing Coach Tucker about his game plan for Sunday.”
“How did you get him so early?’
“I know where he eats breakfast.”
“And he let you interview him?”
“I paid or rather you did.” She opened her purse and handed him the receipt. Samantha gave him a questioning look as he crumpled the receipt and shot it toward the garbage can like he was Michael Jordan. He missed.
“Did you ask him if Miller’s ankle injury will stop him from playing?”
“I asked, he didn’t answer. You’d think it was a national secret.”
“Yeah, you’ll find coaches are as tight lipped as the military. Um…if you need anything my door is always open.” Mike hurried away, probably thinking the word military would remind her of Iraq and she’d freak out.
Samantha shook her head and picked up the story where she’d left off and the words flowed onto the screen. Her muse had come out of hiding. No more reporting on gunfire, car bombings, and hijackings--especially her own! Nope, all she had to do was creatively use football terms and her linguistic skills to describe a game. Piece of cake.
Finishing her article, she lifted the soda to her lips and almost choked in mid gulp when she heard Ryan’s voice.
“Now that would make for a great commercial,” he said.
She pulled the can away from her lips, sloshing a drop on her blouse. Was the sudden churning in her stomach from the soda or his heated gaze?
He wore a gray linen suit, a crisp pink shirt, and a tie in a swirl of pink and gray. That was a brave choice. It took a real man to wear pink. And Ryan was certainly all man. Unlike Mike’s one-size fits all suit, Ryan’s fit as if it were created just for him, which it probably was. The man obviously couldn’t buy off the rack.
Damn, he looked good. Big men in suits normally resembled apes forced into straight-jackets, but there he stood looking like he stepped off the cover of GQ, ready to take on the world. Or her.
“How long have you been standing there?” she asked.
“About as long as it took you to give me the once over.”
Samantha blushed. “I’ve never seen you in a suit before.” Good cover, girl, and it’s not even a lie.
“And you like what you see.” His lips curved into a devastating smile.
“The suit is nice. Who’s the designer?”
“It’s not the clothes you’re checking out and you know it.” He leaned over, his fist resting on the desk.
She did know it, but wasn’t about to admit that fact to him. God, he was full of himself, cocky even. Cocky? She must not use that word again. Maybe, he hadn’t changed at all. “What are you doing here?”
“If you’re not going to return my calls, what else can I do?”
“Take a hint and leave me alone.”
Ignoring her answer, Ryan sat on the corner of the desk. She took her gaze off his well-muscled thigh and stared at the monitor, pretending to be deep in thought.
“Don’t you even want to know why I called?”
“No.”
“Yes, you do. Your curiosity is killing you right now. It’s the reporter in you. But I won’t keep you in suspense. Your brother wants us to have lunch with him at your father’s pub.” He raised his hands. “See, nothing sinister.”
“A friendly lunch with you, my brother, and my father? Sounds sinister to me.”
“Ah, a reporter’s suspicious nature. A conspiracy theory around every corner.” Ryan wiggled his fingers in a spooky manner.
“If the gossip columnists got wind of it--”
“Samantha, we all went to college together. I’m still good friends with your family. It would look weird if we didn’t go to lunch.”
“You think so? Well, don’t blame me if they turn our little get together into something else. Before we know it, we’ll have an illegitimate child from our college days.”
“That’s not fair. We didn’t even have sex.”
She laughed and then, remembering where she was, glanced around the room. A few of her colleagues took notice. She needed to get him out of here. Fast. “What time are we supposed to meet him?”
“Around two.”
Samantha checked the clock on the wall. “It’s one now, so I’ll see you over there.”
“I’ll meet you out front in forty-five minutes.”
“Do you ever listen to what I say?”
“I listen, but I don’t want your brother on my case for letting you take the subway over. So, you’re stuck with me.”
“Is that what this is? My big brother told you to watch out for me, didn’t he?”
“No one tells me to do anything. Besides, I’d watch you anyway.” Ryan winked and smiled, showing off his glistening white teeth, reminding her of a wolf. She felt like a quivering rabbit caught in his sights. Well, that confirmed it. The bubbling in her stomach was definitely not from the soda.
Samantha scanned the room as he left, glad that everyone had lost interest or at least they were pretending to. Just like me. She could feign indifference all she wanted, but the truth was he made it impossible to dismiss him, impossible not to want him. She’d need a string of performances worthy of Meryl Streep to keep everyone fooled.
Thousands of miles of distance should’ve cured her of him. At the very least, ten years of growing up - becoming a woman of the world - ought to have rid her of puppy-love teenager syndrome. Or maybe it was something much worse like Ryanitis. Like the cold, but deadlier.
Ryanitis: obsession with tall, dark, and handsome football players named Ryan. No known cure.
There had to be other females inflicted with the illness. Maybe there was even a support group. In a way there was - his fan club. She laughed out loud.
“What’s so funny over there, Jameson?” A deep, gravelly voice filtered over the cubicle.
“Just laughing at myself,” she said.
“They said you might crack up.”
Samantha stood up sharply and looked over the half wall. The voice belonged to an old timer who covered boxing. An unlit cigar hung from the corner of his mouth. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“That you lost more than your edge in Iraq.”
“Yeah, what would you know about it?”
“I covered Vietnam.”
Samantha looked down at the balding hard-nosed man and tried to picture him as an eager, young reporter. It was hard to do. His eyes wore the same haunted look she saw in the mirror before she went to bed at night and woke up to in the morning. But he survived; all these years later he was still working, when most men had settled into nursing homes. Maybe he knew how to deal with the nightmares. Some nugget of wisdom that eluded her. “Got any advice?”
He pulled his desk draw open and a pint of Jack Daniels lay neatly inside. “Alcohol.”
“Thanks.” Samantha sat back down as she heard the drawer close. Alcohol wouldn’t wash away what happened. Not for long anyway. If the nightmares, like the one she had last night, were her penance for her actions in Iraq, then so be it. She deserved nothing less.
She had to keep busy and concentrate on other things, like planning the payback she owed Ryan for yesterday’s fiasco with the guards. Like shaving cream in his cleats. No, that would mark her an amateur. Bengay in his jock strap? An evil smile briefly lit her face, but no, she really didn’t want to damage the goods. Besides, it’s been done before. She needed something big, bold, and never attempted. Then it came to her. Yup, payback was a bitch.
*** 
Ryan casually leaned against his 328I. The traffic buzzed behind him as he waited for Samantha. Maybe he should have taken the Porsche. Or the Hummer. Or the Harley. Nah, the Harley wouldn’t impress her. In fact, he’d probably get a lecture on the dangers of motorcycles. He looked at his watch when she emerged from the building. Exactly forty-five minutes. He couldn’t help but smile as she approached. He held the car door open for her. “Hey, babe.” She scowled at him and slid into the seat. Note to self: Don’t call her babe. He quickly got in on the driver’s side, and started the engine.
“Nice car.”
“Thanks, but--”
Samantha started playing with some of the buttons on the dash.
“What does this one do?”
“Don’t touch it.”
“Oh my God, you’re not of those guys who’s obsessed with their cars are you? Should I take off my shoes?”
“You can take off anything you like. But that button is the ejector seat.”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“Yeah, I am. But that would be cool, wouldn’t it?”
“Way cool.” She rolled her eyes like it was anything but. “So why can’t I touch it?”
“It’s a nitro booster.”
“Men.”
An awkward silence followed.
“So who’s Hannah?”
“Oh, the answering machine? She’s my roommate. You probably know her, Hannah Hahn.”
“The model?”
“Yup.”
Ryan let out a whistle. “Only know of her. Jake would probably give up Sunday’s game plan for a date with her.”
“Really? Good to know. But not you?”
“Nah, I’m a rock. How did the two of you end up roommates?”
“We went to high school together. When I got back she offered me a room. Since I wasn’t up to staying with my parents or dealing with finding an apartment on my own, it worked out well.”
Ryan wanted to take the sudden lost look in Samantha’s eyes and replace it with happiness. He parked in a garage a block away from the pub and got out of the car, but before he could reach the passenger door Samantha was already stepping out. Cheated out of an excuse to touch her, he gritted his teeth and fell into step beside her. They walked silently until they reached the storefront.
Jameson’s Bar etched in gold block letters arched across the middle of the window, with illustrated pots of gold at the four corners.
Samantha groaned. “This is so embarrassing. I come from a stereotypical Irish-American family.”
“How’s that?”
She pointed her finger at the window as evidence. “Come on. You know Mom still crochets those lace doilies and goes to church every day. Two brothers and two sisters. One brother is a fireman, the other a cop, one sister is a teacher and the other a nun. A nun!”
Ryan started to laugh.
“You think this is funny?” But she started to giggle. “And that’s not all! Look at all the kids my brothers and sisters have. We could start our own country.”
Ryan stopped laughing. “You don’t like kids?”
“I love kids. I just don’t want a brood of them. Come to think of it, it’s probably why I’m not married yet - delay the baby making process as long as possible, that way I end up with only one or two.”
“You’re not married yet because you’re waiting for me to come to my senses,” he said in a joking manner but deep down he was serious.
“Well, if that’s the case, I might as well join my sister in the convent,” she bantered back.
“Or there’s always that lesbian thing.”
“How could I forget?”
Ryan cracked a smile and opened the carved oak door, touching the small of her back as she walked by him. The contact sent a jolt through his body. His hand itched to trace along her delicate spine to the back of her neck. Maybe it was better if he didn’t touch her, yet he couldn’t seem to let go.
Ryan stood a moment admiring Mr. Jameson’s renovations. The polished oak bar and the gleaming brass step rail took up most of the space. The walls were painted green with pictures of famous Irish-Americans hanging as some sort of hall of fame. President Kennedy’s photo was centered in the middle.
With Guinness, Killians, and Budweiser taps on display, Ryan suspected there wasn’t a Canadian or German beer to be had. With his hand still on the small of her back, he felt Samantha stiffen. Only then he recognized several sportswriters sitting at the bar.
Her father came forward. “There you are.”
Ryan shook his hand, thinking about Samantha’s run down on her family history. There was no mistaking Mr. Jameson’s heritage with his ruddy complexion and shock of red hair.
Mr. Jameson turned toward his buddies who were involved in bar-stool debates. The soccer game on the 50-inch television served as background noise. “You all know my daughter, Samantha. And of course, you know Terrell. They both went to Notre Dame.”
There was a general mumbling of yeahs and several of the men lifted a pint before downing the contents. Samantha’s father showed them to a table and handed them menus. “Patrick called and said he’d be late.”
“Aren’t you sitting with us?”
“I will after I put the orders in.”
Ryan could tell by Samantha’s tight expression as she read the menu that she didn’t want to be alone with him.
“I’ll have the Blarney Burger. God, I can’t believe I said that.” Samantha shook her head as she handed the menu over to her father.
Ryan’s mouth watered. What he wouldn’t do for a burger or a steak. His diet consisted of egg whites, salad, and chicken. He was sick of it already and the season wasn’t even half over. Ryan needed to stay at four percent body fat to compete with all the new talent invading the league or maybe he was just getting old. But he couldn’t sit there and watch Samantha eat a juicy burger. It would be torture. He’d want to lick the juices off her lips. The combination might send him over the edge.
“Ryan?”
“What?” He straightened in his chair when he realized he’d been staring at Samantha.
“My daughter is not on the menu.”
He might have to deny himself the taste of her, but that didn’t mean he had to deny himself the taste of red meat. Screw the game on Sunday. Men needed red meat. It was a genetic thing, traced back to cavemen. Besides, he convinced himself, he wouldn’t be concentrating on her mouth if he was engrossed in his own food. “Sorry, Mr. Jameson. I’ll have the Clooney Burger with the Claddaugh Onion Rings.”
“Good choice.” Mr. Jameson took the menus and disappeared into the back.
Ryan relaxed, but said, “This was a bad idea.”
“Told you so.”
He put his elbow on the table and looked at her. “You didn’t strike me as the ‘I told you so’ type.”
Samantha grinned. “That’s because you bring it out of me or maybe it’s because you deserved it.”
The light was back in her eyes. Maybe, this wasn’t a bad idea. He loved seeing her smile, she didn’t do it often enough, remembering her as always so serious, so controlled. The outfit she had on reflected this. Black, boxy, with no style. He wanted to strip each piece away and find the real Samantha.
“Did you notice that all the dishes are named after something Irish?”
“Couldn’t miss it, but the desserts are named after you and your sisters.”
“You’re kidding, right?”
“No, I’m not. And when your father said you weren’t on the menu, I was going to ask about the dessert, but thought I’d better not go there.”
“So over the past ten years you’ve developed some common sense.”
“I’ve developed in other areas too.”
Samantha raised her eyebrow.
“Now get your mind out of the gutter. Besides, I was always well developed in that department.”
“Can we please change the subject? What is my dessert called?”
“Sweet Samantha.”
“Fathers! Do I look sweet to you?”
Ryan leaned over and whispered, “Sweet, no. Hot, yes. But it’s how you taste that matters.” He couldn’t help but drop his gaze to her lips. Then he felt a strong hand on his shoulder and Ryan cringed at the sound of her brother’s voice.
“My Dad asked you two here to diffuse any rumors and instead you’re fueling them.” Patrick pulled up a chair and wedged himself between them. “How’s my baby sister?”
“Good. How’s my pain in the ass brother?’
Ryan watched them as they exchanged playful banter. Samantha may complain about her big family, but he couldn’t help feeling envious. He grew up in foster care without anyone to care for him, without anyone for him to care about. Instead of playful skirmishes between siblings he fought battles with uncaring foster parents and kids who were as troubled as he was.
If it wasn’t for Samantha’s father touting him as the next Jerry Rice, he would’ve gotten lost in the system. Scouts showed up at his high school games and he ended up with more offers than he ever dreamed of. Mr. Jameson helped him decide on Notre Dame, where his son was also attending. Patrick and Ryan roomed together, becoming friends in the time it took for a hundred yard dash. His foster parents lost interest once they lost the quarterly check they received for his care so during college he spent holidays with the Jameson’s. He owed Samantha’s family. Big time.
The food came and Samantha’s father sat down across from Ryan. The conversation revolved around family items, so Ryan bit into his burger. He nearly cried. Yes, real men need red meat.
“Now, what’s this stuff about lesbians?”
Ryan nearly choked at Mr. Jameson’s query.
Samantha pointed her fork at Ryan. “See what you’ve done?”
How was he going to explain his actions? With the truth. Ryan took a deep breath. “Mr. Jameson, you know how it is in there. Better me arranging her initiation than someone else. Who knows what they could’ve dreamed up? And she did great. I think the guys accepted her.”
Samantha’s father settled back into his seat. “Makes sense. Just make sure you keep watching out for our girl.”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake.” Samantha’s silverware clanked on her plate. “I can take care of myself. I’m not a girl and I am not a lesbian.”
Her father patted her hand. “You’ll always be my little girl and I would love you even if you were a lesbian.”
“Thanks, Dad.” Samantha’s gaze turned towards Ryan. “Payback is going to be so sweet.”
His burger suddenly tasted like the leather on a football. Why couldn’t she understand that what he did was for her own good? He loved his teammates, at least most of them, but they could be real jerks. The added bonus of them thinking she was a lesbian meant he wouldn’t have to kill any teammates who made a move on her. That is, if they believed her.
Lunch was devoured as they talked football and the upcoming game. Of course, he had to reign in his mouth before revealing any information that Samantha could use in a story. She was a reporter, through and through.
Samantha knew her football, which wasn’t surprising as she grew up with a sportswriter father and two brothers who played. But that she was up to date on the latest stats despite being out of the country for several years - that was surprising.
“I’ve gotta go,” said Samantha.
Ryan went to get up. “I’ll drive you back.”
Samantha put her hand on his shoulder. “No, it’s better that I leave alone.”
Patrick piped in, “Let me drive you.”
“I’ll be fine.”
Her father said, “We want to make sure you’re safe.”
“Dad, if I can navigate downtown Baghdad then I can certainly find my way around New York City. It’s the rural areas you have to worry about.”
She spoke lightly but Ryan noted that her eyes remained flat. He shifted in his seat with disappointment as her hand left his shoulder and bestowed a kiss on her father’s cheek and then one on Patrick’s. It’s not like he expected a kiss. Besides he didn’t want a sisterly peck. He wanted a kiss that was ten years in the making.
“Bye, Ryan,” she said nervously.
Ryan’s eyes followed her gaze to her fellow colleagues still sitting at the bar. Is this what sportswriters did when they weren’t at one of the practices or a game? No wonder Mr. Jameson opened up a bar, he had a built in clientele with all his old buddies. He took a quick look at the door as Samantha left. His gaze rounded back to Patrick. He knew that look. Oh boy, here we go.
“Samantha’s been through a lot. I know you like her and--”
“What gave you that idea?” Ryan asked. First Jake and now Patrick. Did he wear sign? If so, why didn’t Samantha see it?
“You think a big brother can’t tell when a guy is on the make for his baby sister?”
“Patrick, I never--”
“I know, I know, which is the only reason why you’re still alive.”
“I’d like to see you try.”
“Remember, I have a license to carry a gun.”
“Hey, you’re the one who invited us here. What’s up with that?”
“Dad heard rumors about you two.”
Ryan’s gaze narrowed. “Who from?” he asked calmly, which was a miracle because at that very moment he was planning the serious ass kicking he was going to dole out.
“That’s not important,” said Mr. Jameson.
“The hell it is,” countered Ryan, his calm slipping away.
“It’s crucial you two remain professional, maybe friends, but nothing more,” Mr. Jameson said. “Besides, she’s not ready for anything more.”
Professional. Friends. But Ryan knew the score. Sure, they were concerned for Samantha’s career and more importantly her mental health. But it was more than that. Her family didn’t think he was good enough. And he couldn’t blame them either, because he thought it too. If he had a sister he wouldn’t let her date a guy like him. In fact, the guy’s ass would’ve already been whooped. “Don’t worry, I understand. Hands off.”
“You’ll still look after her? Make sure none of the guys give her a hard time?”
Good enough to be their watchdog, but not good enough to be part of the family. Ryan’s hand tightened around his glass. “Of course.” He got up quickly and pulled a twenty from his wallet. “I worry about her too,” he admitted. They all looked to her barely touched plate.
“Lunch is on me,” Mr. Jameson said.
“I pay my own way.” He turned and walked out of the bar without saying a goodbye. He pressed the unlock button on the remote as Patrick caught up with him.
“What was that all about?”
“I’ll be your watchdog for now. But don’t expect me to roll over and play dead.”
“As far as my sister is concerned, there is one part of your anatomy that better play dead.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Ryan climbed into his car and closed the door. He shook his head in disgust. When it came to Samantha, that part of his anatomy didn’t understand the command ‘play dead’. Her scent still lingered in the air. Breathing in the light ocean fragrance, his promise to her brother already seemed a distant memory.
*** 
Back at her cubicle, Samantha’s mind was not on touchdowns and passes where it should be. Never in all the years of reporting had she been unable to concentrate on the story at hand. Never.
She couldn’t stop thinking about the almost kiss. He wanted to kiss her; she knew it when his gaze had zeroed in on her lips. And she would have let him. That’s what the man did to her. She would have forgotten about their audience, her father, her job, and her heart. Luckily Patrick showed up, otherwise her father’s misguided attempt to ‘defuse’ would have blown up in their faces. Then again, if her family would butt out, she wouldn’t have been in this predicament to begin with.
Samantha had to face facts. Even though she was a hard-nosed reporter who had reported from the worst areas of the world, she would always be the baby. She would be worried over, coddled. Like today. Like all her life.
She loved her family, she truly did, but their love suffocated her. So she ran to the far corners of the globe to make a name for herself. Not to be Jerry Jameson’s little girl, because if she had stayed in sports like her father expected, that’s what she would’ve been. Every time she returned, she fell right back into the role they had given her and then she would run again to another hot story.
But she didn’t want to run anymore. She was so tired.
“Trading a little afternoon delight with Terrell for a story?” interrupted Laura, the only other female sportswriter on staff.
Samantha took a deep breath. She really didn’t expect this from a female colleague. Shouldn’t they be sticking together? “I never traded anything, let alone sex, to get a story.” She tilted her head. “Have you?”
“No.” Shame clouded the woman’s face. “I didn’t mean to be snotty. Us gals work hard to be taken seriously and all it takes is just one screw up for us all to go down.”
“Understood. But Terrell is an old friend of the family.” Maybe she should make some sort of announcement to the whole world. Extra. Extra. Read all about it.
But the next day’s rival paper told an entirely different story.



Chapter 4

Sugar bliss filled Samantha’s mouth as she munched on Captain Crunch. The door slammed and she glanced at the clock. 7:00 A.M. When was the last time she was out having fun until the sun came up? She couldn’t remember. Though if a story was brewing, she could go all night.
“Well, we’re famous,” Hannah said brightly as she dropped the Daily Yorker on the kitchen table.
“You’re already celebrity,” grumbled Samantha. It was like she’d been out all night and Hannah was the one with a full night’s rest.
“Go to page six.”
“You read my competition?”
“Just the gossip pages. When I’m out with my friends we pick up the early edition to see if we’re in it.”
Samantha flipped to page six and scanned the column, stopping halfway down. Okay, so it wasn’t an, Extra! Extra! It wasn’t even a headline. But tucked away among the gossip about celebrities and the high society crowd was a story that could potentially hurt not only her, but Hannah as well.
“Oh, Hannah, I’m so sorry.”
“Sorry? Are you kidding? It’s hilarious!”
She re-read the story.
Samantha Jameson, the frumpy sports reporter for this paper’s rival, has been playing for the ‘other’ team. In fact, it’s common knowledge she’s been shacking up with the very beautiful Hannah Hahn. It would seem all that beefcake in the locker room is wasted on Ms. Jameson.
Frumpy? That hurt. So her wardrobe hadn’t been updated in several years. She was a journalist, not some socialite. And how was her editor going to react to his employee being falsely ‘outed’ by the competition? But hey, if a guy can get a sex change operation and still write sports, she had nothing to worry about. Right? Damn it, this was all Ryan’s fault. She tossed the paper on the table. “What about this is funny?”
Hannah plopped into the seat next to her and grabbed a handful of cereal out of the box. “Me, a lesbian? That is the funniest, most untrue gossip ever said about me. And you? All those poems you wrote in high school about, what was his name? Oh yeah, Brian Fritz!”
Brian Fritz. Oh man, he was really cute. A blue eyed, blond hair, Viking God. He was the star of the high school football team, like Ryan was the star of the college football team. Hmmm, a definite pattern was emerging.
“Earth to Samantha.”
“Sorry, my brain went on the Fritz.” They started to laugh about the phrase they’d used so often in high school when Samantha was caught daydreaming about her one true love. Or so she thought at the time. “What did your friends say?”
“We all had a good laugh and Ricardo Meres, well, let’s say he had no doubt as to my sexual orientation when I got through with him.” Hannah popped a couple of cereal nuggets into her mouth.
“The soap opera star?”
“Mmmmm. Mmmmm. Good.”
“The cereal or Meres?”
“It’s all good.”
Samantha grabbed the box from Hannah. “What happened to Atkins?”
“A girl doesn’t live on meat alone.” Hannah giggled as she snatched the box back. “Not at least when it comes to food.”
Samantha looked down at her now soggy cereal and sighed. There was nothing worse than Captain Crunch gone to mush. Did she just complain about soggy cereal? That was normal, wasn’t it? Normal people complained about stupid stuff like that. They didn’t worry about finding their next meal or getting through the next checkpoint up ahead. Years of reporting about the hungry in Africa, roadside bombings in Iraq, and the general dark side of the human condition had cured Samantha of whining about such things as mushy cereal. Or worry about gossip. She pushed the bowl away. “So this won’t hurt your career?”
“It’s going to hurl it into the stratosphere.”
“You mean as in any press, is good press?”
“It’s not bad. It’s not a big deal anymore.”
“Back in Iraq it would be.”
Hannah kneeled in front of Samantha and held her hands. “But you’re not there anymore. And this will probably make it easier for you in the locker room. Won’t it? You’ll be able to look at all the ‘beefcake’ you want.”
“Geez, Hannah, you’ve seen one, you’ve seen them all.”
“Then you haven’t seen many!”
That was true enough, so she didn’t respond to the jest, and merely said, “I’m glad you’re elated about this, but Ryan is still so dead.”
“I’ll buy the coffin,” Hannah said as she stood up, unconvinced that Ryan was in any danger.
The phone rang and Samantha knew it was her mother who read the gossip pages as religiously as she said her prayers. Dreading the inevitable she answered the phone. “Hi Mom.”
“Hi, honey. Did you see the Daily Yorker this morning?”
Samantha began to pace the kitchen floor. “It’s not true.”
“Of course it isn’t. Your father told me what Ryan pulled and I have to say I’m surprised.”
“What? That he’s not the good boy you thought he was?” Samantha knew her mother had a soft spot for Ryan and more than once had tried her hand at match making.
“Well, I’m sure he’s very sorry.”
“He will be,” Samantha muttered underneath her breath, then added so her mother could hear, “Well, I have to get ready for work.”
“Honey, you haven’t well, you know…peeked?”
She couldn’t believe her mother was asking her this. “Don’t worry, Mom, I plan to memorize all the players’ eye colors.”
“Good girl. Oh, and Samantha, we would love you even if you were a…lesbian.” Her mother whispered the word lesbian.
“Thanks Mom, I’d love you even if you were a liberal.” She whispered the word liberal.
“Don’t be fresh.”
Samantha hung up the phone and surveyed her closet. Normally she dressed demurely, a side effect from working in mainly Arab nations but it served her well in the present for locker room visits. But today she needed something sexy, something powerful. Anything but frumpy.
She chose a skimpy red skirt and a sheer white blouse with a lacy camisole that she had purchased on a whim, but never had the guts to wear. Hannah’s shoes were still stacked on the closet floor and knowing her roommate wouldn’t mind, she tried on a pair of high-heeled designer shoes that probably cost more than Samantha made in a month. A perfect fit. If only she could say the same thing about the fabulous clothes her super model friend had stashed away in the back of the closet. Once she finished dressing, her makeup came next, and she selected a bright red lipstick to complete her look.
She looked like a hooker - a high class one, but still a hooker. Perfect.
She passed Hannah on her way out the door. Hannah let out a whistle. “I get it. When you said Ryan was so dead, you meant you were going to give him a heart attack.”
“Well, that could be a side benefit. That frumpy comment in the paper stung a bit.”
“Are those my shoes?”
“Um…yeah. I didn’t think you’d mind.”
“No, I don’t, but if Ryan goes to that football stadium in the sky, I might be arrested as an accomplice.”
Samantha laughed. “Don’t worry, I’ll tell the police I stole them.” She opened the door and heard Hannah shout back.
“You’re lucky New York doesn’t have the death penalty.”
*** 
Ryan broke down the field and cut right in a typical wide-out play, but instead of watching for the ball he caught a flash of red and a pair of long, sleek legs on the sideline. He turned his head away from the throw to get a better look.
Was that Samantha?
The ball hit his helmet.
Damn it! His head stung and his vision clouded briefly. He shook out the cobwebs and turned his attention back to the sideline, where Samantha laughed at him before turning to speak with Jeb, the owner of the Cougars. He could’ve gotten a concussion and she laughed at him.
And all he could do was gawk at her.
He’d never seen Samantha in a skirt, never mind the sorry excuse of fabric that hugged her shapely backside and hips. Her thighs were barely covered and he wondered if she wore garters. Was she even wearing panties? He couldn’t help fantasizing about those long legs wrapped around him. Oh man, he was glad he was wearing a cup, otherwise everyone would know he had a raging hard-on.
Ryan raised his gaze to her upper half, but the peek-a-boo blouse in a virginal white, lacey satin did nothing to curb his need. Her lips were the same shade of red as her skirt.
A wave of dizziness overcame him and he doubled over. It wasn’t from the hit to the head either, but from the desire rocking his body. God, it actually hurt. He should get back to the huddle, but hell, they could run a few plays without him while he recovered. He looked up the field, only to find practice at a standstill.
Jake ran up to him. “Man, is she trying to give all of us heart attacks or what?”
“Try getting hit in the head.”
“Yeah, that hit to your helmet was pretty funny.”
“I think I would’ve been better off if the ball hit my other helmet.”
“Man, don’t ever think that.”
Ryan laughed. “I guess you’re right.” He stood up straight, fairly certain he could return to the huddle without hurting himself. He looked over at Samantha who was still talking with his boss. Her laughter filtered over the field. “Why is she making nice with Jeb?” he asked Jake as he picked up the ball.
“She’s a reporter, remember?”
“And he doesn’t give interviews, remember?”
“Well, he does have more money than you do.”
“Samantha doesn’t care about money.”
“They all care about the money, they just don’t admit it.”
“Not her.” Then again, he’d never seen her wear anything like the hot little number she wore now.
“Don’t put her on a pedestal, you’ll be disappointed when she ends up in the gutter.”
Fame seeking and gold digging women had hurt Jake. Ryan had been there too, but he quickly learned to single out those types of women. He preferred females who were only in it for the sex. That way each got want they wanted and no one got hurt. “Does he have to stand so close to her?”
“Terell, jealousy doesn’t become you,” Jake mocked.
“Shut up,” he said as he threw the ball back to the quarterback. Jealous? He didn’t have a jealous bone in his body.
The team got back to business and they ran a couple of plays. Each time on his way back to the huddle he stole a glance. When he noticed Jeb taking out his card to give to Samantha, Ryan did something he hadn’t done since high school and for the same reason – to attract the attention of a female. He called a play with a route taking him directly along the sidelines, right alongside the lady in red. Hut one, hut two, and break. Ryan tore down the sideline, went up for the ball, but at the last second, Burner breezed in and stole the catch. Damn rookie, who the hell did he think he was? They were on the same side! Well, maybe not where Samantha was concerned.
Burner tossed the ball at Ryan’s feet. “Try to keep up, old man.”
“Nice catch, Burner,” said Samantha.
“You better watch it Terell, or the rookie might take your spot away from you.”
Ryan looked at the owner who liked to rile his players up in the name of friendly competition. But Ryan wasn’t feeling too friendly, and all it did was piss him off. Jeb may not know it, but this wasn’t about football. Samantha was his. Not Burner’s. Not Jeb’s. Therefore, the owner was about to be pissed off too. “Makes no difference to me. I get the same payday at the number one or number two spot. Hell, I get paid if you bench me.”
He heard Samantha’s intake of air.
The owner must have realized he hit a nerve because he merely said, “And you’re worth every penny.”
Ryan rejoined the huddle and ignored the sideline for the rest of practice.
Back in the locker room, he waited patiently for Samantha to interview him, but she ignored him. She was paying plenty of attention to Burner, though. And Burner was paying plenty of attention - the wrong kind - to her. Ryan’s heart twisted. He wanted to punch something, preferably the rookie. Jake was right; Ryan was jealous. And it didn’t become him.
Pulling on his pants, he left the top button open because they were a little tight. He knew he’d pay for eating that burger. The socks came next and he bent forward slowly to reach his feet. Burner was right; Ryan was getting old. At this rate he’d need someone to put his socks on for him. He breathed in deeply and sucked up the pain. Football players stored hurts like a bear stored fat for the winter. Once the season was over, he’d hibernate and heal, just to do it all over again. Except each year it took a little longer to recover.
Ryan stood up and reached for his shirt and slipped his arms into the sleeves, but left it open when he noticed Samantha making her way towards his locker. To his disappointment she bypassed him to speak with Jake. She stood with her back to him, which gave him a perfect view of her ass. He fisted his hands before he reached out and copped a feel.
“Jake, how’s the ankle?” she asked.
“Better than Terell’s head,” Jake answered.
“I wouldn’t worry about it. He’s got a hard head.”
“You know it, darling,” Ryan said suggestively. She couldn’t ignore him now, but she did. She went on to ask Jake two more questions about practice and the upcoming game.
Then Jake asked a question of his own. “Can I get Hannah’s number?”
“Oh, you haven’t read today’s edition of the Yorker.”
“Do we look like the type of guys who read the gossip pages?” Ryan butted in again.
“No, you look like you flip straight for the comics.” She turned to look at him while pulling out a piece of paper from under her note pad, though she handed the paper to Jake and not him.
He leaned over and read the article over Jake’s shoulder, who merely whistled long and slow. No wonder she was pissed at him. “Well, this explains the silent treatment,” he said lightly.
“Why am I not surprised that this is a joke to you?”
He had her full attention now. Finally. “What? You blame me for this?”
Her eyes narrowed. “Well, yeah.”
“It’s not my fault someone got the wrong idea.” And if he found out who did the talking, they’d be sorry because what happens in the locker room stays in the locker room. “It was a joke, Samantha. Like I told your Dad, I was just breaking the ice with you and the guys.”
“And I ended up being the Titanic.”
“I’ve told you I’m sorry.”
“No, you actually didn’t say the words.”
“Would it make a difference?”
She didn’t answer.
“Well, there you go. But I’d like to apologize to Hannah. Maybe she’ll be more forgiving.” This seemed to mollify her.
“That’s…that’s very…thoughtful of you,” she said reluctantly.
Jake, who watched this byplay with great interest, said, “I’d like to apologize to Hannah, too.”
“What for?” Ryan and Samantha asked in unison.
“Well, I did have a hand in it. Maybe, Hannah will forgive me over dinner?”
Samantha flipped over a page on her note pad and scribbled Hannah’s cell number. She tore off the page and handed it to Jake. “Remember, you asked for it.”
“What does that mean?” Jake asked.
“You’ll see.” Samantha headed for the door.
Jake stared at the number with a dumbfounded look on his face. “Man, what did she mean by that?”
Distracted, Ryan said, “From what I’ve heard, Hannah is a man-eater.” He glanced around the room and caught the stares of some of the other players who followed Samantha’s progress toward the door.
“Then dinner would be good choice,” joked Jake. “Right?”
Focused on the door, Ryan didn’t respond. She shouldn’t wear outfits like the one she almost wasn’t wearing in a room full of men. Especially, these men, his teammates who he was ready to kill if they stepped out of line. Running out the door to warn her, he yelled. “Hey, Jameson!”
“Hey, yourself,” she said without stopping.
Ryan caught up to her. “Need a quote?”
“What’s the matter? Your ego need stroking?” She kept walking.
He pulled her into the player’s meeting room. “It’s not my ego I want you to stoke.” His gaze settled on her lips.
“Let go.”
He released her gently; afraid he would tear the skimpy fabric of her shirt. But then he backed her up against the blackboard. “On the record, you look sexy as sin itself. Off the record, if you ever wear something like this again, I’ll have you flat on your back in sixty seconds.”
Her eyes widened and her lips parted slightly. Was that an invitation? He certainly hoped so. He wanted to taste those full blood red lips. Needed it. His body cried out for it. He bent his head toward her, but then thought about his half-hearted promise to her brother and backed away. What was he doing?
“I mean it, Samantha, sixty seconds.”
*** 
Samantha stood there in a daze. She came close to finally being kissed by Ryan. So very close. What made him back away? He was a breath away from her lips. She did a quick check of her own breath. No, it was peppermint gum fresh. Then why?
And why did she feel so disappointed? So lost? She should feel indignant. Outraged. Who the hell was he to tell her what to wear? Who did he think he was dragging her in here like some caveman? Feeling more like herself and in control, she left the room. But as she strode down the hallway towards her car, she couldn’t help but replay the scene in her mind. Like a team studying game tapes to see what went wrong, to help them prepare for the next time. Samantha needed game plan of her own.
She should have told him to take a hike. Or pushed him away. Done something. Anything. But it was impossible to think straight when he had her backed up against the wall. And he claimed she was dressed indecently! Coming after her with his shirt wide open. Her fingernails itching to rake his hard rock abs and trace the starburst tattoo to where it ended below the waistband of his pants, the top button conveniently undone. If she had the powers of psycho kinesis his zipper would’ve been undone in a flash.
A hot flash of desire trilled up and down her body, then pooled between her thighs. She stopped walking and took a slow breath to steady herself.
Hannah was wrong. Instead of stopping his heart, Samantha had awakened a beast. Not only in him, but also within herself. That reminded her, she needed to tell Hannah ASAP to expect a call from Jake. Samantha pulled out her cell phone and dialed.
“So, should I turn on the news? Murder by Skirt?”
Samantha smiled at Hannah’s wit. Rooming with her would never be boring. “No, I suppose I’m not the femme fatale that I imagined.”
“Well, he is a healthy male.”
“Very healthy and very male.” Samantha blushed remembering his hardness pressed up against her.
“Do tell.”
Samantha relayed the latest and ended with, “He was like a caged beast.”
“So why didn’t you unlock the door?”
Good question. Why didn’t she? It’s why you came back.
“Oh, I almost forgot the reason I called. Jake asked for your number so I gave him your cell.
“If you weren’t already my best friend, you’d be it now. And why I’m going to let my question go unanswered. For now.”
Samantha heard shouting over the phone.
Hannah’s voice was full of sweetness when she yelled back, “Darling I’ll be right there,” then went back to her normal tone, “Photographers! And they claim models are the divas! I have to get back to the shoot. Do the model thing and all that. See you at home.”
*** 
Hannah shut off her phone. If Jake called, he could leave a message. Maybe she’d return his call. Maybe not, believing it was always best to keep a man waiting.
Three tiring hours later she turned her phone back on. A message from Ricardo - so over him – and one from Jake. She tapped the phone on her chin in indecision. Against her better judgment, she decided to call.
He picked up right away and before she knew it she’d agreed to meet him for dinner at six-thirty. After a long day under the hot lights and smiling like an idiot, the last thing Hannah wanted to do was go on a date. But she couldn’t refuse Jake Miller. He was too delicious. All that caramel skin that a girl could taste over and over and not gain an ounce. Those sable brown eyes reminded her of a mink coat she liked to roll around naked in. That bald head, which was more of a fashion statement than a necessity, only added to his bad boy image.
Jake’s moves on the field made her wonder about his moves in bed. And that voice! He’d make a killing at phone sex. She preferred the real thing, but with his deep, throaty tenor, it was something she definitely wanted to try. Jake could recite the tax code and she’d melt at his feet. She made her way home for a quick shower and change. Hannah checked her watch - four o’clock. Good, she had just enough time.
*** 
Jake sat at the table he’d reserved earlier. He fidgeted nervously, looking around at the other diners. He checked his watch. Six-forty. Had he been stood up or was she a woman who liked to make an entrance? Glances of pity from the waiters had him pulling on his tie to loosen it.
Then he heard murmurs around the room and looked up to see the most beautiful woman in the world gliding his way. It was a toned down version of her runway walk and he leaned back in his chair to enjoy the show. A smug smile appeared on his face knowing he was no longer being pitied but admired as the man who Hannah was here for. A blue-eyed, blonde, golden beauty, and even though this described many of the super-models out there, she was a rare blend of the girl next door, graceful sophistication, and temptress. She knew it, too. By the way she walked, the way she wore the turquoise dress, and the confidence of her secret smile. Except, as she drew closer, he noticed vulnerability in her eyes. At first, he thought he was mistaken, but as he stood up to greet her, Jake was sure he wasn’t. Then the look was gone, replaced with a predatory gaze, as she looked him over. Like he was dinner.
“Hello, Jake. I’m sorry I’m late. Had a devil of a time getting a cab.”
Jake took her hand. “It was well worth the wait, but wouldn’t have been necessary if you had let me pick you up.” He kissed her hand and then slowly let it down so he could pull out her chair.
Hannah slipped into her seat gracefully. “Now, Jake, I couldn’t let you travel across town for me. It made more sense my way.” She opened the menu.
Jake caught a whiff of her light floral perfume that teased his senses – smell and taste often went hand in hand and right now he was hungry to lick and nibble on Hannah’s neck, but returned to his seat. She liked things her way and he could tell she was used to getting it. But not this time. She delighted in making him wait and now it was his turn to return the favor.
Hannah flipped the menu shut with dramatic flair. “Now, what are we going to do about Samantha and Ryan?”



Chapter 5

Early Saturday morning, Samantha packed a small suitcase for the trip to Dallas. She picked a non-descript pair of gray slacks and a blue blouse for tomorrow’s game. The choice had nothing to do with Ryan’s warning about her wardrobe – nothing at all. Then she threw in a pair of jeans, a t-shirt to hang out in and added a nightshirt, shoes, and underwear. She pulled her already packed workout bag from under the bed and threw it on top. That should do it. She’d only be gone one night and if she needed anything else, she could stop at a local department store. It wasn’t like she was leaving for Iraq where a bulletproof vest was easier to come by than a pair of pantyhose. Not that she ever needed pantyhose in Iraq.
Before she closed the door to her closet, she considered packing the little black dress hanging innocently on the rack. But really, where would she wear it? Though women’s fashion magazines recommend being prepared for the unexpected. Samantha forgot all about the dress as a knock sounded at her door. “Come on in,” she yelled.
Hannah waltzed in waving a strip of condoms before tucking them into the gym bag. “Can’t forget these. It’s not like I got to use them.”
“Hannah!”
“Maybe you’ll have better luck with Ryan than I did with Jake.” She proceeded to toss herself dramatically onto the bed.
Samantha noted the rumpled pajamas. “Guess it didn’t go well.”
“It was great, right up until the moment when he told me he doesn’t go all the way on the first date!”
“He actually said so?” Samantha didn’t think men of that breed still existed, if they ever did.
“Yes.” Hannah pounded the pillow.
“I think that’s sweet. Maybe he’s interested in more than a one-night stand.”
“Maybe he’s the one who’s gay.”
Samantha settled on the bed next to Hannah. “Or he’s simply one of those athletes that doesn’t have sex a couple of days before a game?”
“That I can live with.” Hannah leaned up on her bended arm and continued with a devious smile, “That means by the time Jake gets home on Sunday night he’ll be raring to go!”
“The players are pretty beat up after a game.” Samantha recalled the players’ stiff movements in the locker room.
“Who better than me to lick his wounds?”
Samantha squeezed her eyes shut. “Hannah, you are…”
“What?”
“Wicked.” She shot her eyes open and threw her hands up in exasperation.
“I am, aren’t I?” she admitted with a mischievous grin. “Would you mind doing a little recon for me?”
“What, you want me to spy on him? To see if he picks up any girls?”
“Perish the thought! The man would have to be nuts to turn me down and then go off with some groupie. Hah! I want you to take a peek and let me know his vital statistics. Better yet, your cell phone has a camera.”
“We’ve been over this before. I won’t do it.”
Hannah dragged herself off the bed with the flair of a soap opera star. “Samantha, you’re…”
“What?”
“No fun!” Hannah stomped out with a performance worthy of a Daytime Emmy.
No fun? Samantha was plenty fun. Wasn’t she? Work consumed her waking hours and she tossed and turned in bed alone. Did she even know what fun was anymore? Perhaps not, but she wasn’t going to start by putting her career on the line for a little sneak and peek.
She’d seen a little skin and in one case some foreskin, but it wasn’t like she looked for it. Samantha did her best to avert her gaze. Sometimes that wasn’t enough and in passing she’d seen those ‘vital statistics’ as Hannah called them. But in a locker room environment, ‘vital’ wouldn’t be the word to describe their dicks. It’s not like the players strutted around with hard-ons the way Hannah seemed to think.
With the exception of Ryan toweling off, the locker room was the least sexy place ever. Hannah would be disappointed to discover just how much of a turn-off it was. Then again, knowing Hannah, if she worked the room the ‘statistics’ would spring with vitality.
Samantha needed to take a hint from Hannah and live life to the fullest, including a sex life. Did she even know what sex was anymore? She snorted in disgust. She was as celibate as her sister the nun! From her closet the little black number called to her, but in a compromise she didn’t remove the condoms.
*** 
Samantha arrived in Dallas later that day and ended up sharing a cab with Bradley, a sportswriter from All Sports, a national magazine. They talked shop on the way to the hotel until he brought up the article from the Yorker.
“I have to tell you I was surprised. I thought you and Terell were involved.”
Her eyebrows shot up. “I’m the one who’s surprised that you consider that rag a reliable news source.”
“Come on, they don’t make stuff up. There has to be a grain of truth in there somewhere.”
“The only fact they did get right was that Hannah is my roommate. But that’s all. We went to high school together.”
“And Terell?”
Samantha knew the road he was driving down and decided to throw up a roadblock before he picked up any speed. “I don’t mix business with pleasure. End of story.” Samantha looked at Bradley poignantly.
“Damn, and just when I thought this was going to be an interesting trip.”
“Can’t win them all.”
“Ouch, that hurts.” Bradley put his hand to his navy blue blazer mocking an injury to the heart. “Using sports analogies to let me down easy.”
Samantha laughed. “Poor baby.”
“Can you introduce me to Hannah?”
“That’s a first, usually I get Hannah’s seconds.”
“Wow, I’m glad we’re here. I don’t know if my ego can take anymore bashing.”
As the cabbie drove up to the hotel’s entrance, Samantha observed a bunch of scantily dressed females surrounding the arriving players. It was still a bit of a culture shock coming from Iraq where many of the women were clothed head to toe.
“Does this happen all the time?” she asked Bradley as he paid for the fare.
“You know the saying, a girl in every city?”
“Of course.” She handed him half the fare.
“Well, make that plural, as in girls.”
Samantha arched an eyebrow. “How can they play the next day?”
“Where do you think the term ‘home field advantage’ came from? See you around.” He dropped her suitcase at her feet.
“Yeah, later.” She didn’t bother to glance down and realized she hadn’t taken her eyes off the spectacle being played out in front of her.
Most of the groupies were handing out phone numbers. The bolder ones slipped the players room keycards. And they didn’t let a gold band get in the way. She wondered how many of the married ones would jump at the chance to use the keys covertly slipped to them. She didn’t know how the wives put up with it. It was painfully obvious that the players considered this normal. Did Ryan think so too? He wasn’t married, but how many women had he hooked up with over the years? This year? This week? Did the sexiest man in the NFL, as voted by femalefan.com, keep stats?
She looked over at him, not wanting to see it with her own eyes, but knowing she had to. A mob of women surrounded him. She took her luggage and moved closer for a better look. Ryan was innocently signing autographs on slips of paper. Then a woman exposed her breast. Samantha drew in a sharp breath.
Having seen enough, she tried to enter the lobby, but the hotel security guards thought she was one of the fans and blocked her path. While digging for her press card, Ryan snuck up behind her and gently took her by the arm.
“What seems to be the problem, gentlemen?”
“Trying to keep the groupies away, Sir.”
“She’s worse, she’s a reporter.”
“Ryan!” Samantha elbowed him in the stomach. The guard held the door open while laughing. “What is it about me and security guards?”
“Perhaps you look like a trouble maker,” Ryan said lightly.
“Me?” Once through the doors, she added, “Thank you for your assistance. I’m sorry you had to tear yourself away from your admirers,” she half joked.
“Jealous?”
“What of? A bunch of women who only want to sleep with you because you’re a pro football player? Please.”
Unfazed, Ryan followed her. “No, you’re jealous I might take them up on their offers. Unless you have a better proposition?”
“In your dreams.”
“Had plenty of those.” He gently took her arm, leaned forward and whispered in her ear. His breath tingled at her neck. “You and me tangled in the bed sheets. You and me in the back of my-”
“Tell it to your bimbos. They might be dumb enough to believe you.” Annoyed at his nerve, but aroused at the images he evoked, she slipped away and walked ahead. As she checked-in, she turned around to glare at him, but instead she witnessed a gorgeous blonde sliding a keycard into his back pocket. Then, the blonde rubbed his butt - like Samantha had always wanted to do - and smiled up at him. Samantha gritted her teeth. Would Ryan use the keycard? Could she blame him if he did? After all, he was a sought out bachelor, free to do as he pleased, and she’d blown him off. Again.
Why would he even waste his time chasing after her when he had all these women literally throwing themselves at him? It didn’t make sense. Maybe he saw her as a challenge. Why didn’t that make her feel any better? Why did she even care? Let him sleep with the blonde. It was none of her business.
Samantha’s heart raced as Ryan took the key out of his back pocket and pressed it into the palm of the woman’s hand. She strained to hear what he was saying, but couldn’t catch a word. It was obvious the blonde didn’t like what she heard and marched away in a huff. Samantha let out a breath that she wasn’t aware she’d been holding. She finally admitted to herself that she did care. She wanted it to be her business. And yes, she was jealous. Damn him.
She signed for her room and as she turned toward the bank of elevators, Ryan slid up next to her.
“So, what’s the story with you and Bradley?”
“Jealous?” she mocked.
“Like you wouldn’t believe.”
Caught off guard, she didn’t know how to respond. Was he kidding?
“I mean really, Samantha, why him? Especially when you could have me.”
Yup, he was kidding and full of himself. “I don’t want to go where so many have been before.”
He signed for his room and grabbed his keycard. They walked to the elevator together. “Those women were practice leading up to you.” Ryan pressed the button and the doors slid open. “You’re like the Super Bowl.”
“I’m touched.”
He slipped in and held the door open. His voice lowered. “Think what I could do if you let my hands touch you.”
What couldn’t he do was more like it. She directed her gaze to his hand that held the door. Those hands could cradle the ball with such subtle grace that made her breasts ache in need. He caught impossible passes, using his long, slender fingers to coax the ball to do his bidding, like he would coax her to a climax. And Ryan never fumbled the ball. Not once. Samantha was sure he never fumbled in the bedroom either.
“Coming?” he asked suggestively.
Samantha’s eyes went back to his and she swallowed her lustful thoughts. “I’ll take the stairs.”
Ryan shook his head in disappointment and dropped his hand. “Chicken.”
The doors slid shut.
*** 
After climbing twenty flights earlier, Samantha waited impatiently by the elevator. The doors slid open and she automatically went to step in, hesitating when she saw Ryan inside.
“Hey, darling.” He put his hand on the door-jam to prevent the doors from closing. His other hand held a Gatorade. Cherry or fruit punch, she couldn’t tell.
Okay, how long could the ride down possibly last? Thirty seconds? She could be alone with Ryan for thirty seconds. Couldn’t she? What could happen? Samantha stepped into the elevator, brushing up against Ryan as she passed him. “Hey, yourself.”
She went to press the button for the lobby, but it was already lit.
“Got it covered,” Ryan said. He released his hand from the door. “Where you off to?”
The doors slid shut, sealing her fate.
One, two, three, she mentally counted. “Dinner.” Four, five…
“Do you want to-”
The elevator came to a jolting halt and the lights sputtered out, but just as quickly the emergency light flicked on. They were stuck between the seventh and eighth floors.
“-join me for dinner?” he finished slowly.
She looked up into his forest green eyes that reminded her of the Columbian jungles – she had gotten lost there too. The phrase ‘seventh heaven’ popped into her mind and she lunged for the emergency phone, snatching it from its cradle. Dead. She slammed it down. She swallowed the breath she’d been holding and then let out a stuttering sigh.
Ryan reached for her hand. “Hey, don’t freak out on me, it’s going to be okay.”
She yanked her hand away. “Did you plan this?”
“Whoa, Samantha, you give me way to much credit. Besides, do you really think I would risk our lives for some alone time with you?”
“Well, no… with all the pranks you and your buddies pull…well it’s the first thing that came to my mind.” She calmed herself with a slow breath. “What happened?”
“Could be broken, or maybe a blackout.” Frustrated, he ran his hand through what little hair he had. “Hell, I don’t know.”
Samantha pulled out her cell phone and flipped it open. “No service.”
“Me too.” Ryan shoved his phone into the front pocket of his tight black jeans.
She wanted very much to be that cell phone and put herself on vibrate. The elevator lights flashed back on, but the car didn’t budge. The phone rang and Ryan quickly picked it up before Samantha could. She heard him ask how long and heard him say a lot of okays, and I sees. He mentioned her name and then his. He hung up, his brow furrowed with concern.
“Well?”
“There was a power outage. The elevators are still down, but the repair company is on the way. It could be an hour. Or more.”
“That’s it?”
He pointed to the phone. “They apologize for any inconvenience.”
Being trapped in a six-foot by six-foot space with Ryan wasn’t an inconvenience. It was a temptation of biblical proportions. This was how Adam and Eve got into trouble. Ryan was Adam and the apple all rolled into one hot apple pie package. The thought of spraying a can of whip cream over his body had Samantha sliding to the floor in defeat.
How was she ever going to get through the next hour – or more? She needed a distraction. She rummaged through her purse for the deck of cards she always carried. She could get a game going anywhere. A snowed in flight in Denver resulted in an all night Gin Rummy playoff, and another all nighter in Poker at the Al Rashid in Baghdad. More importantly, her skill broke the ice with foreigners, which sometimes led to news tips. Mostly, though, she played Solitaire. She pulled the cards from the case and deftly shuffled, doing a few tricks to show off.
Ryan slid down beside her. “Impressive.”
Picturing him playing a round of her favorite childhood game brought a smile to her face. She wondered if he would play. “Have you ever played Go Fish?”
“Not since the third grade. How about a friendly game of Strip Poker?” He winked and then his mouth curved into a sinful smile.
“Dream on.”
He held up the Gatorade and wiggled his eyebrows like Groucho Marx. “Spin the Bottle?”
“Men,” she grumbled.
“Or how about a game of Old Maid?”
Samantha gave him a sharp look and saw the amusement in his expression. “That was uncalled for.”
“I could change your status.”
“What, from Old Maid to Ryan’s Flavor of the Month? No thanks.”
“What if I want more?”
“There’s no bluffing in Go Fish.” Samantha shuffled the deck one more time and dealt them seven cards each. As they played she wondered what his game really was. Did he think she would believe a line like that and fall into his arms? His quickie affairs were legendary and while she was no expert on long-term relationships, hers lasted more than one night.
Besides, he’d dated super-models and actresses, how could she compete with that? She couldn’t. Samantha didn’t even know why she was having this conversation with herself. She was a sportswriter and he was an athlete who played on the team she covered. She mentally beat the phrase ‘conflict of interest’ into her mind.
An hour later she had won seven out of ten. “You wouldn’t have a stitch of clothing on if we had played Strip Poker,” she teased.
“If we were playing that, you can bet I’d be the one up six to ten. I have more to gain. It’s not like you haven’t already seen me without my clothes on.”
“It’s seven to ten. And I haven’t seen you completely…well…you know.”
“You’re killing me, Samantha. You really are.”
“What?” she asked innocently.
“Come on, you haven’t looked at all?”
She shrugged.
“Come on, fess up. You’ve peeked,” he lightly accused.
“Well…peeked is not the right word.” A smug satisfied smile appeared on his face. She rushed to explain. “What I mean is, you guys are walking around not even trying to cover up. What’s a girl to do?” She saw the skeptical look in his eyes. She started to panic. What if he told his teammates? What if he told one of the reporters?
“And don’t worry, your secret is safe with me.” He flicked one of the cards on his chin in a contemplated state. “There is one thing I don’t get.”
Samantha knew she was going to regret this, but asked, “What’s that?”
“You’ve seen my…let’s call it my ‘package’ and you still won’t go out with me? That hurts, Samantha. My ego may never recover.”
“There’s nothing wrong with your package.” Geez, men were so sensitive when it came to that.
“I know.” He pointed a card at her. “It’s too big, isn’t it?” His wicked smile appeared again.
Samantha threw a card at him. “It is not too big.”
“Ouch, too small?”
“Geez, Ryan it’s not like I had a good look at it.”
“Want to have a good look at it?”
The image of her doing that and more flashed through her mind. Look, touch, caress, and…what was he doing to her? “This conversation is ridiculous!”
“Funny, I found it quite…stimulating”
She swept up the cards and tried to stuff them back in the case. When the cards wouldn’t cooperate she threw them into her purse as she struggled to stand. Ryan followed her lead and helped her up. His presence filled the elevator. She took a deep cleansing breath but all she succeeding in doing was to catch his scent. As if he wasn’t potent enough he had to go and splash some woodsy cologne on. There was no escaping him. She began to pace the floor, which only consisted of four steps forward, turn, and repeat.
“Stop it, will you?”
“I can’t stand here and do nothing. I’m hungry and bored.”
Ryan stuck his arm out, placing his hand on the elevator wall, halting her progress, and then as she turned his other arm shot out to do the same. “Then let me entertain you.”
His lips descended on hers. The small space of the elevator collapsed around her as her breathing became hampered by the onslaught of his kiss. Her legs went weak. As if he knew, his hand left the wall and came to rest on the curve of her hip, bringing her roughly to him. His other hand found its way into the waves of her hair. His tongue began to play along her lips until she whimpered. Did that desperate sound come from her?
He held himself a breath away and murmured against her trembling, swollen lips, “I bet I’m hungrier than you.” Once again, his mouth claimed hers, proving him right.
He didn’t just taste her – he fed on her as she savored the flavor of cherry Gatorade. His kiss filled her right down to her soul until the hunger began to consume her and she started to feed on him. Her hands roamed to his shoulders. So strong and solid and the opposite of what she was feeling. What would it be like to cling to his shoulders while she climaxed? A moan escaped her throat at the erotic thought.
She deserved this. She needed this. And she was taking it.
His hand left her hip and drifted up in a caress to close around the swell of her aching breast. She felt the floor fall away…no, the floor was falling away. The elevator had begun its descent to the main lobby. How many people were down there waiting for them? She pictured the whole football team and her colleagues standing in the lobby. The team would whoop it up and her colleagues would have a story for the gossip pages. She’d be ridiculed and possibly lose her job. She tore her lips away.
“Ryan, we’re going down.”
“You’re going down?” he asked with a dazed smile.
She pounded on his chest. “No, you idiot!”
*** 
The realization of what she meant hit him like a bucket of cold Gatorade thrown on him after a big win. He immediately released her and stepped to the far side of the elevator shaking his head. “And we spent the last hour playing Go Fish.”
Ryan tried to steady his breath as he watched Samantha straighten her clothing, effectively removing any trace of their kiss. She tugged on her shirt, which only accentuated her breasts. Never mind trying to steady his breath, he’d be happy if he could just breathe. She smoothed back her hair and his fingers itched to dive back into the long golden tresses. Samantha would try to pretend they never kissed, but he damn well was never going to let her forget it, not when he would be replaying it in his head over and over. He was sure he would lose sleep over it.
Ryan thought maybe one kiss would do it for him, prove that she was just another girl, prove that it was only the chase that appealed to him, but it only affirmed he wanted her more than ever, more than any other woman before her. She gave him a shy smile. Then he realized he proved something much more important. She wanted him too.
“Nothing happened, right?” Samantha pleaded. The elevator doors slid open.
“On the contrary, everything happened,” he said, slipping into the lobby. “I saw your full hand.”



Chapter 6

Ryan glanced over at his teammates milling around the lobby waiting to torment him. He didn’t care if he was the focus of their jibes, as long as he took the heat off Samantha.
“Terell, how was she?” asked Burner.
He wanted to tell the rookie it was none of his business. No, he really wanted to pounce on him, but he ignored him instead.
“You lucky son of a bitch!” said Todd.
Ignoring a rookie was one thing, but disregarding the quarterback would be a bad move. “Lucky? You try getting stuck in an elevator with a nosy reporter and see how you like it,” he countered.
“I’m sure you found something to shut her up with,” said Burner.
Before Ryan could react, Samantha ventured out of the elevator into the fray.
“Come on guys, you know he’s the one who never shuts up.”
Once again looking like the cool unbiased professional, Ryan wished her hair was still disheveled and her lips plump and ripe from his kiss. She scanned the lobby, her gaze stopped at his. A light smile lit her face, and then quickly faded as her gaze darted away.
“Yeah, Jameson, did my man bore you to death with his old football stories?” asked Jake.
Ryan almost sighed in relief as Jake tried to down play the situation.
“I was spared by a couple of games of Go Fish,” replied Samantha.
“Go Fish!” The guys started laughing.
“Terell, man, you used to be my hero,” said Burner.
“Doesn’t it count that I won?” Ryan needed to save face somehow. He turned to Samantha and waited for her to contradict him.
“Only if you were playing Strip Poker. Get it? Poke Her,” joked Todd.
Samantha, who quickly walked away, didn’t think it was funny and neither did Ryan but he stood his ground and threaten the quarterback, “What if I played Slap Jack all over your face?”
“Whoa, don’t take it out on me because you ain’t getting any.”
Inexperienced with handling jealous emotions, Ryan strode away before he did something stupid. For the first time, he realized the cost to Samantha’s reputation if they were caught. The comments, the innuendos, and the harassment. Because he’d take exception to it, he’d end up alienating the whole team. That was not the way to a championship.
He was having the best season of his career, but he wouldn’t be satisfied unless the team won the Super Bowl. Then he could retire in one piece and concentrate on the next stage of his life. Maybe, he’d get married. Maybe even foster some kids.
A wife. Samantha’s smiling face easily came to mind. Who was he kidding? It took him ten years to get to first base. At this rate he’d need Viagra by the time she gave him the sign to slide into home.
Besides, he didn’t think he was ready for marriage. He was tired of the life, but a wife? That’s huge.
But if all Ryan was out for was a piece of her ass, her brother would try to kick his, and he really didn’t want to burn bridges. He’d already broken his word to her father and the disappointment he felt in himself for doing so dogged him. By pursuing her he risked her career, the team’s season, and his own relationship with her family.
He had to stay away from her, for her own sake and for his. But after that kiss, how could he pretend it never happened? His hands burned from touching her, his lips scorched from her hot cinnamon taste, and he ached all over from her soft body pressing into his. Her moan of pleasure had nearly undone him.
All this time he thought Samantha was a good girl and while she wasn’t the type to get reeled into flashing for a Girls Gone Wild Video, she had a streak of wildness in her. He knew it. He tasted it.
Ryan kept replaying the kiss in his mind over and over like a highlight film. Film? He didn’t notice any security cameras in the elevator. Then again, Samantha commanded his full attention. What if they were captured on tape? What if some underpaid employee sold it to the press? The career so important to her might be ripped away. Then she’d really hate him. He couldn’t let that happen.
He made his way back to the elevator, taking the ride up and down, searching for any cameras, but found none. When the doors slid open, Jake stood by the reception desk watching.
“Getting rid of evidence?” Jake asked as Ryan walked over.
“Of what?”
“Look, it’s gallant of you to protect her, but come on, you can tell me.”
Ryan shrugged his shoulders. “There’s nothing to tell.”
“You didn’t even make a move on her?”
“Shot down.” Ryan hoped his forlorn expression would earn him a break from Jake’s digs.
“Must be a blue moon.” Jake slapped him on the back.
Ryan laughed. “Must be.”
“Let’s get some grub. The team held up dinner for you. We’re starving.”
“Yeah me, too.” But not for food
*** 
Deep in thought, Samantha played with her meal. Normally she didn’t mind eating alone, but tonight she didn’t want to be alone with her thoughts. It was unfair since nothing would be said if Bradley bought a player dinner or even chugged down a beer with the whole team. If a female, especially a newbie like her, acted the same way her integrity would be called into question. Her father lectured her on the unwritten rules of the road. She recalled his stern voice, ‘Number one, no fraternizing with the players, including Ryan. People will get the wrong idea.’
His teammates reactions outside the elevator were proof of that. Though their suspicions weren’t far off track, Ryan had derailed them from that path.
Coaches and trainers were off limits as well, and having dinner with a male sportswriter would have the other reporters talking. And after the Yorker article, female sportswriters steered clear of her like a player who avoids deviating from his game day routine. Maybe after a year or two, after she’d proven herself, she could mingle a bit more. But for now, she sat alone.
Samantha stared down at her plate. The Thai chicken looked as unappealing as it tasted. Of course, after kissing Ryan she wasn’t sure she’d ever savor food again. If what happened in the elevator was the appetizer, it wetted her hunger for the buffet. Freaking damn rules. If she had a dinner companion she wouldn’t be sitting here thinking about feeding on Ryan’s tongue or his other interesting body parts.
She jumped in her seat when her cell phone rang. Checking the screen first before answering, she felt a twinge of guilt as she flipped open the phone. “Hi, Mom!” She tried to sound upbeat.
“Thank God, I’ve been trying to reach you. You didn’t call when you landed.”
“Sorry, I forgot.” Too distracted thinking about Ryan.
“After what happened to you, I was so afraid.”
The twinge became a stab. Used to be no news is good news, but since the kidnapping her Mom insisted on talking to her at least once a day, twice when she was out on the road. Samantha didn’t want to tell her mom what happened - it would worry her - but she needed to talk to someone and she didn’t want to go back to eating alone. “I got trapped in an elevator,” she blurted.
“Oh, honey, how awful. I mean after…after that place.”
“I’m fine. Ryan was with me.”
“What a relief.”
Samantha thought while her mother continued to speak. It had been a relief – that is, after she had gotten over the fact she was up close and personal with Ryan. If she’d been trapped alone with time to think, the guilt and recriminations would’ve consumed her until she started beating down the door. Or climbing out Bruce Willis style. Not only did Ryan artfully distract her from the worries plaguing her, she’d felt physically protected for the first time since Iraq and it wasn’t because he resembled a gladiator. Despite his teasing, the warmth in his eyes settled her soul.
Settled her soul? What was she thinking? Conflicting emotions churned within her. She could easily fall in love with Ryan but would he safeguard her heart? Did he know how?
“What did you two do?” her mother’s voice broke through.
Samantha almost laughed.. She couldn’t exactly say ‘Ryan kissed me into the next dimension.’ If she did, the wedding plans would commence. “We played cards.”
“What a good boy.”
Samantha rolled her eyes. If her mom only knew how much of a bad boy he was, she’d be praying for him instead of trying to pawn him off on her youngest daughter.
“I don’t think he has a girlfriend.”
“Mother, he has lots of girlfriends.”
“Those aren’t girlfriends.”
“Mom!” Her mother was apparently aware of his reputation, yet she still hoped to bring her and Ryan to the altar. She must be beyond desperate to marry her off.
“Samantha, I wasn’t born yesterday. But Ryan isn’t the type to roam once corralled.”
“He’s not a horse.”
“No, he’s not. He’s a handsome and dare I say, sexy man who’s in love with you. You two belong together. There, I said it.”
“Saying it doesn’t make it so.” Samantha took her fork and twirled her food into the shape of a football. “Besides Dad said--”
“Never mind what your father says. If he had his way, you’d say your vows to God instead of a man. Never seen him so happy as the day your sister, Colleen, entered the convent.”
Samantha laughed remembering her father’s Irish jig. “I know, Mom, and he still insists that Erin’s kids were conceived immaculately. I’ll call you tomorrow when I get to the airport. Love you, Mom.”
“Love you too, but we’ll continue this conversation later.”
Samantha put the cell phone in her purse and took out a credit card. The waiter waltzed over, and before taking her plate, asked, “Madam, if your dinner wasn’t to your liking I could bring you something else.”
“Thanks, but I guess I’m not that hungry.”
*** 
She wavered on the edge of shadows and light. Images flashed before her, running into each other like a movie on fast forward. The deafening bang of a car bomb. A blast of mortar fire. The jeep flips over. All this happening like she’s a bystander, but then her nose twitches at the smell of artillery and burning flesh. Samantha’s inside the jeep. She chokes and looks to the front seat. Blood. So much blood. Her driver is dead. Still tangled in the seat belt, she’s ripped out of the back, and promptly punched in the mouth. The broken images stop. There is only black.
She awakens in a dark…, what? Cell? Tomb? Her swollen lip aches, but not as bad as the rest of her body. Her clothes are damp with sweat and blood. Beads of perspiration drip from her forehead, mingling with her silent tears. She tries to stand, but collapses from the effort. So sleepy. Did they drug her? Her eyes begin to close.
The door crashes open. The stream of sudden light hurts her eyes and she flinches. Two men are shouting at her in Arabic. Kicking her. Spitting on her. What did they want? If they would talk slower she might be able to understand. Her hair is pulled and she is lifted off the ground. She makes out the word kill, then whore. Oh God, this is it. A whimper escapes from her mouth.
Time unbearably slows, as the cold hard metal of a gun presses at her temple.
“Please.” A click of a gun. Just a click. The men laugh as they roughly shove her to the dirt floor.
Samantha shot up in bed, her breaths coming in short gasps. Moments passed before she could take a deep calming one. She can still taste the metallic bitterness of blood in her mouth. She looked around, the light from the bathroom confirming she was safe, far away from the hut where she was held captive. The same nightmare. Only it really happened.
She eased out of bed, and staggered to the bathroom to splash cold water on her face. Avoiding a look in the mirror, she grabbed a towel, and dried her face with trembling hands. From experience, she knew sleep would elude her for the rest of the night.
Samantha walked back into the room and reached for the remote on the nightstand. She turned on the television to drown out the echo of the men’s laughter still fresh in her mind.
Nothing on. She opened the door to the hotel refrigerator. The words of the veteran reporter sounded in her mind as she stared at the little bottles of liquor. Instead, she grabbed a bottle of water and guzzled it like she hadn’t drunk for days. Like those two days in the stifling hut.
Restless, she paced the room. Maybe the gym was opened 24/7. A nice demon-run on the treadmill might help take the edge off. She threw on her shorts, running bra, and then added her tracksuit. Grabbing another water and her gym bag she headed out.
Before opening the door to the gym, Samantha heard the clank of weights hitting steel and the blaring of a television. Seemed she wasn’t the only one who couldn’t sleep. She pulled the door open and almost turned right back around at the sight of Ryan’s inviting backside as he changed weights. She didn’t know whether to be annoyed or glad for the company. She decided on annoyed, it was far less dangerous.
“Don’t you have a curfew?”
He stood up and turned towards her, smiling like the wolf from Little Red Riding Hood. “Couldn’t fall asleep. That kiss got me all riled up. You?”
“Can’t stay asleep.” Please don’t ask why.
Ryan’s hand swept the room and he nodded at the equipment. “What’s your pleasure?”
Samantha laughed. “More like torture. Dim the lights and we’re on the set of a Vincent Price movie.”
“Yeah, but instead we self inflict the pain.”
“I think that makes us crazier than him.” She walked over to the treadmill and put her water bottle in its assigned place. She looked up at the television, where CNN’s Anderson Cooper was reporting from Iraq. Two Marines dead. Looking away, she said a silent prayer and wished none were from the outfit she’d been embedded with. Tears welled. She couldn’t escape the pain anywhere. Not in her apartment. Not on the road. Not in the gym, and certainly not in her sleep.
The flipping of channels sounded before she heard Letterman’s Top Ten List.
How could he know how much the newscast upset her? Did he see her tears?
“Thanks.”
“Want to talk?” Ryan sat down on the weight machine across from her.
Did he want to talk about Iraq? The kiss? Both were off limits. “No,” she stated firmly.
After dropping her bag on the floor, she stripped off her tracksuit. Ryan returned to form and gave a long drawn out whistle. Samantha shook her head. She entered her information into the treadmill’s computer system, vainly shaving ten pounds off her actual weight.
She began slow and then picked up the pace to five miles per hour. She tried to ignore him by pretending to be riveted on the Late Show playing on the television hanging from the wall, but she couldn’t help sneaking peeks at Ryan. As if he knew, he peeled off his shirt and continued the work out. Samantha held back a whistle of her own.
She sucked in her breath at the sight of the beads of sweat forming on his chest. Glistening, his muscles appeared even bigger. She fell under a trance as he intently worked on his body. Pumping fluid motions. Man and machine becoming one. Would he be that way with a woman? Would he and his lover become one?
She’d seen him countless times without a shirt. Heck, she’d seen him wet from the shower. Tonight was different. They were alone. No players, coaches, or reporters. Alone. Just the two them and exercise equipment they could get freaky on.
His heated gaze met hers.
Samantha missed a step. Her feet stuttered on the belt. She grabbed onto the sidebars, but couldn’t stop herself from falling. Before she could get up, Ryan was at her side helping her.
“Are you okay?”
“Yes,” she croaked. A disclaimer should be posted in the gym. Not responsible for accidents caused by ogling hot men.
He kept his hands on her waist. “Are you sure? Because I trained as doctor between the ages of four and five.”
Picturing Ryan playing with a toy stethoscope, she laughed. “What’s the cure for a bruised ego?”
“This.” He leaned his head down and brushed her lips with his in a gentle caress. “Feel better?”
If the chills of anticipation racing through her meant that, then yes, or maybe she was coming down with bird flu. Her hands glided up his naked chest. “A little. Perhaps I need something more potent?”
A flash of desire lit his eyes and his hands tightened around her waist. “Baby, you’re going to be the healthiest woman on the planet after I get done.”
His mouth came down on hers, hard and demanding. A shot of pleasure raced through her blood, making her tingle from head to toe. His kiss was better than any drug and just as addicting.
Ryan’s hand slid up from her waist and cradled her breast before his thumb grazed her nipple. Her body became pliant under his touch and she sighed into his mouth. This seemed to be all the clearance he needed because his other hand drifted up to lift off her bra.
The cool air of the gym skimmed over her heated skin, but Ryan quickly covered one breast with his mouth while he continued to caress the other with his hand. Somewhere in the back of her brain she registered the consequences of what they are doing. “What if someone comes in?”
He licked each nipple before staring at her breasts in awe. “I’ll kill them,” he said, his voice husky with need.
Samantha laughed. “Good plan, no witnesses.”
Ryan was about to say something, but she took his head and hand guided it back to her breasts. He greedily sucked and her breath hitched.
“Now the other one.”
“Yes, Ma’am.” He worked his magic and her nipple puckered. Job done, his lips trailed back up to her mouth. Ryan’s fingers kneaded her butt before his right hand reached around and into her shorts. Already slick, he played with the folds of her sex, rubbing the nub with his thumb. He kissed her deeply, using his tongue in the same rhythm as his fingers.
His hands were magnificent, made for caressing and cradling. Hands worth five million a year on the football field felt priceless on her fevered body.
His fingers slowed and Samantha whimpered in protest. His hands grabbed her butt again, lifting her off the floor, pressing her into his erection. He carried her over to the inner thigh machine then gently put her down. He knelt before her and roughly pulled down her shorts and she eagerly stepped out. “Sit,” he commanded her.
He put each leg in its place, leaving her fully exposed to his gaze. A wicked smile formed on his face and the gleam in his eyes made her core pulse with excitement.
She squirmed as he took in her face, neck, shoulders, lingering on her breasts before traveling to her flat abdomen, then to the apex of her thighs. His gaze so intent that she could read his mind, knowing exactly what he planned to do to her. “Please,” she half begged, her body throbbing for his touch.
He looked into her eyes. “Please? I’ve waited ten years for this.”
Samantha didn’t know what to make of that. She really didn’t care at the moment. All she wanted, all she could think of, was his tongue doing all the magical things his gaze promised. “Then what are you waiting for?”
“I want it to last.”
“Terrell, you talk too much.”
“I’m going to-”
“Just do it.”
Ryan laughed. “This isn’t a sneaker ad.” He slipped a finger into her, then another, still using his thumb to caress her. He leaned in to lick her nipple, then sucked on it while he stroked her with his fingers.
Samantha felt good and frustrated all at the same time. With her legs restrained she couldn’t move the way she wanted, the way she needed to.
“When you come, will you call my name?”
Samantha barely registered his ragged words as Ryan began to switch kisses with licks, alternating slowly down her quivering body. Then he latched his mouth around her whole clitoral area, sucking her between his teeth and she lifted off the seat. She nearly came as he continued to suck while flicking his tongue. The warmth and wetness of his mouth made her hotter and wetter. His fingers stroked in and out.. She arched her back in an attempt to harden the pressure even more. When that didn’t work she put her hand on the back of his head and pushed his face closer. He moaned hungrily and increased the pace of his tongue. Samantha exploded as shockwaves radiated through her. The name Ryan ripped through her mind and out her mouth.
“Damn it.”
That was so not the reaction she was hoping for. With her eyes still closed she asked, “What?”
“No condom.”
“My bag.” As he dashed to the treadmill, she carefully extricated herself from the equipment and stood on wobbly legs. “In the side pocket.”
He pulled out the strip of condoms.
For some reason she didn’t want him to think she carried a midnight birth control arsenal with her. “Complements of Hannah. She thinks I need to get laid.”
“I think so too, but only by me.”
His erection strained against the fabric of his shorts. She nearly panted as he pulled them off. Standing before her, she heated all over again. His cock was as magnificent as the rest of him. Big and hard. She caressed it. “Now, there’s something you don’t see in the locker room.”
His hand came up to rest on her shoulder while the other took the foil packet, bringing it to his mouth to rip open.
She pushed lightly on his chest. “Now, sit,” she commanded. Ryan took her place on the seat of the inner thigh machine, but left his legs unrestrained. He put the condom on slowly, making a great show of how tightly it fit.
“Impressive.” Samantha’s observation earned her a big smile. He wouldn’t be smiling for long. She planned to ride him hard – ride him until she forgot if only for a few moments.
With Ryan sitting like a king on a throne, she straddled his lap, anchoring her ankles around the bar behind his feet, giving her the leverage she needed. Once secured in place she lifted up her hips. He began to enter her slowly, but Samantha was wet, hot, and having none of that. She quickly slid down his shaft. Her muscles pulsated around him.
“Samantha,” he moaned.
She moved seductively, gyrating her hips against him, her breasts skimming his mouth.
“Samantha,” he pleaded.
“Yes?” Her hair flipped forward as she reached for the backrest of the chair giving her even better leverage. Pulling up, her breasts were now fully in his face, and her opening hovered at the tip of his penis.
He nuzzled her breasts, licking the valley in between. “Damn it, woman, you’re driving me crazy.”
She repeated the movement one more time before lifting up her hips and then pushing down in one fell swoop. He growled and for a split second Samantha though he’d morphed into a wild beast.
She quickened and intensified the pace as she raced to what had eluded her all her life. Completion. When she thought it would still escape her, Ryan grabbed her hips and began to thrust while pushing her down harder, faster onto him. She gripped his shoulders, digging her nails into his sculptured flesh as her release pulsated through her. Her cries of pleasure mingled with the moans of his climax.
Samantha’s body melted with warmth as he stroked her back and held her close. His head rested on her breasts, his uneven breath skimming her nipple. Her fingers drifted across his cheek, then his brow. Holding back a sigh of contentment, she realized this was far too cozy. She tried to get up, but he held on.
“No, not yet.”
She complied with his request, letting him catch his breath. And because it felt so damn good. A few minutes passed, or it might have been a few moments when he lifted his head off her breasts.
“I hope you feel better because I feel like I played a season’s worth of games in ten minutes.”
“Better than a shot of morphine. Those hands of yours should be bronzed. They’re amazing.”
“Just my hands?” Still hard Ryan pulled her closer.
Samantha’s body trembled, her muscles contracting around him. “That should be used as a mold for a vibrator.”
“I like that idea.”
“I thought you would.”
“Well, there’s no replicating you. Only the real thing will do.”
Her heart foolishly swelled at the compliment. She unwrapped herself from the machine and from him. Her ankles hurt and she was sure bruises would appear by morning. Those marks would heal, but would the sudden ache in heart ease?
Ryan picked up his shorts and said, “I’ll be right back.” He left for the bathroom.
Samantha picked up her clothes and quickly got dressed, but not quick enough because Ryan was back before she could leave. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Ryan grabbed her, foiling her escape. She didn’t want to talk about what just transpired. Most guys would be glad about that. But not Ryan, he loved to talk.
“Just so you know, I make house calls.”
Samantha bit back the smile threatening to appear on her face. “I believe I’m cured.”
“Of the bruised ego or me?” His fingers grazed the curve of her hip.
“Both.” But the sudden shiver running through her was not from the air conditioning.
“Liar. What do you say to a twice a day procedure?”
This time a wide smile lit her face. “Twice, uh?”
“You bet.”
Samantha wanted to take that bet and then gladly lose it, but one dose would have to be enough to last her. “Ryan, we can’t.”
“But we just did.”
She laughed. “Yeah, we sure did, but it doesn’t change anything.” Her smiled faded and she looked away. She didn’t want him to see the lie in her eyes because everything had changed, except for one thing. “You still play for the team I cover.”
“You’re in denial if you think this won’t happen again.” He gently took her arm, drawing her gaze back to his.
“I don’t know, that seems to be what I’m best at.” She tried to look away again, but his hand slid up her arm in a caress to her chin, keeping her gaze on his. Yup, she was really good at denial. An expert.
“Why couldn’t you stay asleep, Samantha?”
He watched her closely like he was trying to read her mind. If only he would let her look away, she could lie her way out of this. Annoyance gripped her and her eyes narrowed. “It certainly wasn’t because of you.”
“I’m aware of that.”
Oh God, he can read my mind.
Samantha needed to make a quick escape before she spilled out the truth. What was it about this man that made her feel safe; that made her want to risk it all? Kissing him in an elevator, having sex in a hotel fitness center - what the hell was she thinking? She stepped away. Samantha didn’t think he would tell, but she had to ask to be sure, to remind him of the stakes. “You won’t tell anyone?”
“Don’t worry Samantha, your secret is safe with me.” His reached out; his thumb lightly caressed her cheek. “All of them.”



Chapter 7

Ryan could only watch as she hurried out of the room. He stood a moment before remembering gym etiquette and took a towel to wipe off the equipment. Sitting down on the bench press, he tried to gather his thoughts as an infomercial played in the background. He pressed the off button on the remote. The silence did nothing to quiet his mind.
A gym wasn’t the first place he pictured making love to Samantha. Not that the sex wasn’t smoking hot. But he would’ve preferred a bed. He’d been tempted to suggest her room, but the ride up would’ve given her time to change her mind. And after waiting ten years to have her, he wasn’t about to wait ten more seconds.
His knees had protested in pain when he knelt in front of her, but the rest of his body reveled in her open trust of him. Between the taste of her and of victory, he never savored anything so sweet. Her moans and whimpers of pleasure ended any doubt on whether he was doing the right thing. She wanted him. Bad.
The way she ordered him to sit and the way she used his body for her pleasure turned him on so much he nearly lost his famous control. Never in a million years, never mind ten, would he have imagined Samantha as having a bit of dominatrix in her. Who would’ve guessed the innocent college girl he remembered had learned a few plays of her own. He conjured up a fantasy of her in a leather corset, panties, garter belt, stockings, and high heels. No whips though, he really wasn’t into that. He let the vision play out in his head. Yeah, she was in denial. They would be together again within the week.
Next time it would be on his king-sized bed where he would make love to her properly. Stretching out her luscious body to kiss it all over, before taking her and pushing her down into the softness of the mattress while he drowned in hers. Then, and only then, could she have her way with him.
An urge to follow Samantha up to her hotel room ate at his self-control. The exact same self control that kept him celibate for six months, which in retrospect, after making love with Samantha, seemed like six years. At the end of last season he swore to lay off the women and focus solely on football. He stunk up the field last year and let his teammates, and himself down.
He hoped he didn’t jinx himself by breaking the vow. That’s not the only promise you’ve broken. Is it?
Samantha could think he’s doing her a favor by keeping her secret-- their secret. If her family found out he’d taken her like some cheap groupie, he’d need his whole offensive line to shield him from their wrath. But he knew something they didn’t. Samantha needed him. She’d been to hell and she brought it back with her. That’s why she couldn’t sleep.
He would rescue her from that hell by taking her to heaven in his arms.
Ryan would make them all see. Especially Samantha.
A wave of exhaustion hit him hard and all he could think about was sleep. Ryan glanced up looking for a clock and instead noticed a strategically placed camera staring at him. “Oh, crap.” A trip to security would keep him from his bed.
*** 
He rode the elevator up to his room, taking a second to locate the hidden camera he missed earlier. He promised the head of night security, Charlie, to fork over five grand and skybox tickets for tomorrow’s game in exchange for his discretion and for making both incidents disappear. Before the man agreed to erase the evidence, he reviewed the tapes to make sure the sex was consensual. Mortified didn’t begin to describe how he felt, however, that didn’t stop him from looking over Charlie’s shoulder to watch. He did restrain himself from asking for a copy. And from burning out Charlie’s eyes after seeing Samantha naked. Though from the angle you couldn’t tell it was her.
He managed to keep her name out it and explained a groupie had presented him with an offer he couldn’t refuse. This seemed to satisfy Charlie and they shook on the deal.
Hopefully, the man would hold up his end of the bargain and the video wouldn’t end up sold to the highest bidder and released on the Internet. Ryan had done all he could to protect Samantha.
The bell dinged and the doors slid open. Trudging down the hall, bleary eyed from the events of the day and lack of sleep, he felt like a zombie in some B movie.
“Terell, why the hell aren’t you in your room?”
Ryan cringed at his coach’s gruff voice, wondering if anyone on the floor would wake up. “Couldn’t sleep,” he said in a near whisper.
“Can’t sleep when you’re messing around with some bimbo.” Coach Werner lowered his voice slightly.
A former NFL player, his coach packed on the pounds when his career was over. His face weathered from the countless days in the sun and the biting winds of winter. After three seasons as head coach of the Cougars, his once jet black hair grayed to a stainless steel finish.
Ryan took in his coach’s rumpled sweat-suit and half finished Yoo-Hoo. No doubt he was taking a break from reviewing game films, even though it was two in the morning. His coach was a heart attack waiting to happen.
Ryan hoped he fared better in retirement. “I was getting an extra workout in the gym.”
“Next time have room service send you up milk and cookies. I need you rested.”
“Sure, coach.”
“You’re still fined a thousand. Team rules.” Werner checked his watch. “Sleep in until eleven, then get your ass to the stadium.”
Ryan held back a grin at his coach’s tough love tactics. “Thanks, I won’t let you down.” He slipped into his room and took a quick shower. Exhausted, he climbed into bed. Before his eyes closed, he hoped Samantha had fallen into a deep sleep filled with dreams of him.
*** 
Climbing her way out of a deep sleep, Samantha picked up the phone and promptly plopped it back on the cradle. She needed that wake-up call last night. Hell, nothing short of a nuclear power plant siren would’ve broken through the sound of her thudding heart or kept her away from finding out what it felt like to be with Ryan. Not even the threat of losing her job.
Hadn’t she learned her lesson in Iraq? Rules were established for a reason, yet she felt compelled to buck the system at every turn. Having a plum assignment embedded with Marines in Iraq hadn’t been enough. Enticed with dreams of a Pulitzer, she jumped on the chance to interview the head of the insurgence and snuck out of camp. A war correspondent’s job was risky enough, but to leave the protection of the troops was catamount to a suicide mission. She survived her own stupidity and now here she was committing career suicide. Did she have some sort of death wish? As she stared at the ceiling, she realized something much more was at risk than her life. Her heart.
She braved a stretch and nearly purred at the luscious ache between her legs. Hannah was right; she had needed to get laid. She was dying to share the news with her friend, but if she expected Ryan to keep the secret, then she couldn’t turn around and tell Hannah. Besides Hannah would encourage more risky behavior.
Samantha wouldn’t need much persuasion to ask Ryan to explore every piece of equipment in the gym. Talk about working out!
She reluctantly stripped off her nightshirt and headed for the bathroom. She laid her things out on the vanity and for the first time Samantha was able to look – really look - in the mirror. The image reflecting back made her smile. Her eyes were bright. Gleaming. With life.
With hope.
The rosy glow of her complexion made her look like a freshly deflowered virgin. She laughed out loud at the thought.
Samantha lightly touched the love bite on her shoulder. He marked her. That’s okay, she thought, she was pretty sure the nail scratches she left on his back would need antiseptic.
As she showered, her hands lingered over her body and wished it was Ryan washing his caresses away instead of the harsh hotel generic soap.
A knocked sounded at the door as she finished dressing. She left the bathroom and stood at the door. The knock sounded again, startling her. “Who is it?”
“Ryan.”
She wasn’t ready to face him yet, but better now when he was fully clothed than in the locker room half-naked. She opened the door. “Why aren’t you at the stadium?”
“Coach caught me breaking curfew. After fining me a thousand, he told me to sleep in.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be. It’s the best thousand I’ve ever been fined.”
She didn’t want to think about the reasons for his other fines. “If that’s supposed to be a compliment, you’re losing your touch.”
“You had no problems with my touch last night.”
Her gaze dropped to his hands and Samantha warmed all over. She swallowed down the desire to pull him into the room and have his fingers work their magic. Bitter for wanting something she shouldn’t made her snarky, “Yup, the Earth moved. Is that what you wanted to hear?”
“Only the Earth? Next time I promise a bed and a trip out of this world.”
The bed, just a few feet behind her, beckoned. Thankfully, the game started in two hours. She looked at her watch and realized she was running late. “Shouldn’t you be focusing on the game today?”
“Probably, but--”
“See, this is why we can’t do this-” She risked a glance down the hall to see if anyone was coming, then whispered, “ again.”
“I guess this means no good luck kiss.”
“You don’t need luck.”
“Everybody needs luck.”
His charming smile nearly broke down her defenses. “Well, then last night will have to hold you over.”
“For how long?”
“Till your next conquest.”
“Is that what you think that was for me?” he asked in a tight whisper.
“Wasn’t it?”
“I think I made myself clear last night on what I want.” Ryan leaned forward, closing the distance between them.
Samantha took a step back into the room and took hold of the door, using it as an imaginary barrier. “Yes, you did. I believe it’s called convenient sex.”
“Nothing about you is convenient.” Ryan reached out and pulled her to him.
She didn’t resist, suddenly held captive by his warring eyes, which conflicted with the gentle caress of his thumb across her cheek.
“Sometimes a man has to make his own luck.” Then he kissed her like she was his conquest. And she didn’t mind at all.
Nor did she mind at any time a hotel guest or worker could spot them. In fact, she didn’t think at all. Samantha let herself feel. Every nerve alive, like she was the Bride of Frankenstein coming to life.
He ended the kiss as abruptly as he began, letting her go as he stepped back into the hall. Samantha almost fell forward but held onto the door for support. She struggled for something to say. “Have a good game,” she said weakly.
He smiled. “Don’t worry, I’ll give you something to write about.” He started to turn away, but stopped and looked back. “Oh, and Samantha?”
“What?”
“I won’t tell anyone about this either,” he said with a smirk. Then whistled as he walked to the elevator.
Arrogant male. If she had been holding something she would’ve thrown it at him. She closed the door, picked up her bag, and sat on the bed to wait. She didn’t want them to be seen leaving together. Of course, that didn’t stop you from jumping him in the fitness center or letting him kiss you into oblivion in a hotel hallway. If they continued this way, it would be only a matter of time until they got caught in the act. And it would be only a matter of time until she fell in love with him.
*** 
Samantha placed her netbook and note pad onto the table in the press box. Being one of the out of town reporters meant a backseat in the corner, making it difficult to see the field. Rows of sportswriters were setting up shop, booting up or checking ESPN on their cell phones.
Hoping to get a quick post in on her blog, Samisports, she tapped into the wireless network. Her editor suggested the blog so she could connect with her readers. She had to admit it was fun, except for the jerks that liked to leave crude comments.
A small buffet table ran along the back wall with hot dogs, knishes, and salads. Her stomach rumbled and she loaded a paper plate with a little bit of everything. Her parents would be happy to see her eating but her father wouldn’t be happy for the reason. Good sex made her hungry. Great sex made her ravenous.
Sitting down before the plate broke under the weight of all the food, she took a bite of a hot dog as she checked her email. The hunger pangs went into remission at the sight of the familiar address of Sgt Marinelli. Clicking it open, she said a silent prayer, hoping for good news.

Sami,

Just checking in. Everyone fine. We all miss saving your cute little ass out here. Come back soon. (That was a joke.) Thanks for the package. Tell Hannah thanks for the letters and a Hoo-Rah for the pictures. Send more trail mix…and pictures.

Sergeant Marinelli

They’re okay. The air released out from her lungs in a whoosh, blowing her bangs up. She wondered when Hannah slipped in her own ‘care’ package into the box. Not unlike how she slipped those condoms into Samantha’s workout bag. Hannah was like the fairy godmother of sex.
The national anthem began to play and she stood proudly, thinking about her Marines, as she liked to think of them. They came after her, even though she stole away. They still came. A few teardrops slipped from her eyes.
Sending weekly care packages was the least she could do, though it would never be enough. She brushed the wetness away from her cheeks. A certain grocery store was going to be out of trail mix.
*** 
Ryan could do no wrong on the field today. Catch after catch sailed into his grasp. His first touchdown of the day had him staring at his hands, imagining them bronzed and in the Football Hall of Fame. Feeling on top of the world, he jogged toward the sidelines as teammates smacked his helmet and slapped his back. Joining Jake on the bench, he took off his helmet and reached for the oxygen, taking a deep breath.
“Got some last night, didn’t you?” asked Jake.
He lifted the mask. “Because I’m having a good game?”
“That and the nail marks on your back.”
Ryan couldn’t help the goofy smile that broke out on his face. “Really?” He recovered quickly adding, “Must’ve been from the power lifting I did last night.” He took another cleansing breath thinking he’d be more careful changing after the game.
“Power lifting? In a hotel gym?”
He tossed the mask over his shoulder. “All right, all right, so I got laid.”
“The blonde from the lobby?”
“Yeah, yeah, her.”
“Good for you, it’s not natural for a man to be celibate. Besides you needed to get that Jameson chick out of your head.”
Ryan looked down. He hated lying to his buddy, but Samantha wasn’t some chick to brag about. He couldn’t exactly brag about the blonde either, but he knew he was required to say something manly. “Being celibate does suck.”
“Or rather it doesn’t,” cracked Jake.
The offensive coordinator screamed, “Girls, if you’re finished, your presence is required on the damn field!”
The defense created a turnover and he hadn’t even realized it. Damn. Samantha was right. He needed to keep his head in the game.
As the last one to the huddle, the quarterback said to Ryan, “Hey, old man, taking your afternoon nap?”
“Shut up and throw me the ball.”
Seven plays later he was in the end zone with the ball – another touchdown. He briefly imagined tomorrow’s paper, because he was true to his word, he’d given her plenty to write about. And he wasn’t done yet.
*** 
Each time the ball sailed in the air towards Ryan, she held her breath. He came up with catch after catch. She said a little cheer inside her mind each time. Hoping her colleagues didn’t notice, she quickly glanced around the room, but they all seemed to be engrossed in the game, all making comments to each other about what a great day Terell was having.
Ryan truly was an amazing athlete. Tall and muscular, everyone expected his strength and his long reach; no one expected his quick fake-outs, graceful jumps and elegant fingers. His prowess on the field served him well off the field. She’d received a taste of what he could do to a woman. To ease the sudden ache settling between her thighs, she shifted in her seat and bit down on her lip as pleasure shot threw her. She placed her hands to her face, positive a blush burned through her foundation.
“Jameson, your boy is putting on a show. Did you give him any advice in the elevator?” asked Bradley.
She nearly jumped in her seat, but recovered quickly. “I told him those o’s and x’s in his play book stand for offense and defense and not hugs and kisses.”
Most of the sportswriters broke out in laughter.
From across the room a local reporter yelled, “Hey Jameson, I’d like to see you in a Dallas cheerleading uniform.”
A hush fell over the room.
She flipped her pen back and forth on the table in aggravation. The juvenile atmosphere of professional football extended away from the locker room. These reporters knew she was no young thing. Not that she expected a hall pass but she reported from the middle of war zones, earning the respect due her and yet even here in the States she was still subjected to sexist remarks. Was it worth it? She really didn’t know, but for now she would play along. “It would look better on you.”
Various vulgar comments were made to the other reporter.
“Good one,” said Bradley looking at her with respect.
Samantha smiled. She could always play with the big boys.
*** 
Jake watched his good friend score another touchdown - his lying good friend. Ryan must’ve been with Jameson, because Jake kept the blonde occupied all night. Normally he wouldn’t have taken Ryan’s cast offs, but Jake needed to get Hannah out of his head. Why the hell did he feel guilty about it? She was the one who wouldn’t return his calls.
All during the date he fantasized about getting her into bed. Hell, he dreamed of her long before that. Her Victoria Secret catalog pictures made him hotter than any of the Playboy spreads of other women.
But when she asked him up to her apartment he’d froze. Not only intimidated by her beauty, but also by the string of successful men she’d dated and dumped. Billionaires brought her expensive gifts, famous actors tempted her with scripts, and musicians wrote songs about her. He was afraid he wouldn’t measure up.
Groupies, like the blonde, treated him like a God. Hannah would treat him like a slave.
“Come on.” Ryan smacked Jake’s shoulder pads.
He looked up and saw the team heading for the locker room. The halftime whistle blew and he hadn’t realized it. He had a lot of nerve getting on Terell’s case about letting a woman into his head when Hannah was running a marathon inside of his. Jake feared he was already ensnared.
*** 
As the game clock ticked down, Samantha read the first draft of her story. She groaned. Terell this and Terell that. She even let a Ryan slip in – a big no-no. Sounding like a love struck teenager, she might as well have donned that cheerleader outfit and broken out the pom-poms. Though he was having the game of his life, if she let the story run as is, anyone who read it would suspect her true feelings. Samantha snapped the cover shut on her netbook. She’d rewrite it later after the locker room interviews.
Gathering up her other stuff, she wondered how she would react in the locker room. She couldn’t hide behind a mask of indifference anymore. He knew the score.
Would the sportswriters and his teammates see right through her? Maybe, if she waited around, he’d already be dressed and she could avoid the awkward moment. No problem.
Except that it was. She had a job to do. Going in after the players were talked out meant missing out on the best quotes. She made her way to the elevator and began to channel Katharine Hepburn for inspiration.
The locker room buzzed with energy. Seeing no sign of Ryan, she tracked down Jake. “Hey, Miller, where’s the MVP?”
“He’s getting a double cheese.”
“Terell is eating?”
“Rookies.” Bradley shook his head in mock exasperation. “Double cheese is code for an ice bag and ace bandage for each knee.”
She hoped he hadn’t aggravated some former injury by kneeling at her feet last night. Was it selfish of her not to feel a bit guilty? She asked Jake a couple of question, then turned her attention to Burner, whose 3 catches paled in comparison to Ryan’s ten for ten, 3 touchdown day.
“Cue the super-hero music,” said Burner.
Samantha turned around to see Ryan walking toward the crowd of reporters waiting by his locker. Fully dressed. Thank the Good Lord.
The other writers fawned all over him. She couldn’t do that and struggled for a question to ask him. WWHD? As in, What Would Hepburn Do? Well, she wouldn’t flatter a man, not when he was on top. No, she’d knock him down. Inspiration struck. “Terell, last season was your worst as a pro, yet so far this season you’re playing what some say is the best of your career. What do you attribute that to?”
Ryan shook his head. “Can’t I have one day, just one day, to enjoy this without bringing up last season?”
“Not even an hour,” Samantha joked and laughs surrounded her making her feel like she belonged.
“No, no,” Bradley picked up the questioning, “that’s a valid question.”
“Last season was no doubt disappointing and I considered retirement. But football is a lot like life.” His gaze now on Samantha, he continued. “Ups and downs. It’s a matter of how hungry you are and I have a very big appetite.”
Samantha’s face flamed as Ryan’s secret message registered loud and clear. His hunger wasn’t just for wins on the football field.
Bradley followed up with, “A big appetite? You played like a man starved and let loose on an all you can eat buffet. What was different about today?”
“I don’t know. It might’ve been the extra workout I got in last night. Or maybe I got lucky.”
Samantha wanted to die right then and there, but kept her composure. Don’t fail me now, Kate. “What if the luck dries up?”
“I don’t know, Jameson. Seems to me Lady Luck is hot for me.”
Laughter broke out. Samantha might be able to play with the big boys, but Ryan wasn’t a boy - he was all man. “But--”
Jake interjected. “Terell, you should know by now a woman can’t let a guy have a moment of happiness.”
A bunch of ooo’s sounded.
“Just trying to keep him grounded, guys,” Samantha said. Did Jake suspect?
Samantha turned away, hoping to make a grand escape. Walking to the door, she began rewriting the story in her head, when she heard footsteps behind. “I don’t have time Terell. I have a story to file.”
“It’s Jake.”
She turned around, folding her arms together. “Have something else to say?” She wasn’t too pleased with him right now. She was trying to fit in and his comment hurt rather than helped.
“Hannah, hasn’t returned my calls. Did she say anything to you?”
Samantha made a great show of looking at her surroundings. “Excuse me, did I walk into a high school locker room?”
“Come on, give me break,” pleaded Jake.
Samantha narrowed her eyes. “I could’ve used a break back there.”
Jake shrugged his shoulders. “You’re too hard on him. You weren’t here last season when everything went to shit for him.”
“Just doing my job,” she defended even as her heart clenched in pain for Ryan.
“I told Ryan you were nothing but a cold-hearted reporter and I can see I was right.”
Samantha visibly flinched at the dig as Jake walked away but it didn’t stop her from striking back. “She thinks you’re gay.”
Jake paused for a moment and looked back with an angry expression. “Hannah thinks what?”
Samantha wasn’t proud of stooping to their level. Before she said anything else childish she left. Maybe she wasn’t cut out for this gig.



Chapter 8

Ryan settled back into the plush seat of the team’s private jet. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Jake’s fidgeting that bordered on agitation. What was he so upset about? The team won. Life was good. Ryan became concerned as Jake began mumbling to himself. He reached over and smacked the back of Jake’s seat. “What’s up?”
Jake looked up in surprise, then switched to the empty seat across from Ryan. He leaned across the aisle. “Would Samantha play a joke on me?”
“On you? What the hell are you talking about?” Ryan resisted the urge to grab Jake by the collar and shake the answer out of his friend, who seemed to be struggling with some inner demon. He remembered seeing them talking in the locker room. Ryan assumed it’d been about the game. Was something going on between them? What was he thinking? Jake would never betray him and Samantha had all that credibility crap she espoused to anyone who would listen. Though it didn’t stop her from making love to him. But, Jake said something about a joke. He really needed to get a handle on this whole jealousy thing. The woman had him thinking crazy. “Well, out with it.”
In a low, embarrassed tone, Jake explained the date with Hannah and then Samantha’s parting shot from the locker room.
Ryan let out a low whistle in a combination of relief and surprise. “Let me get this straight. You had the chance to sleep with Hannah Hahn and you turned her down?”
Jake bowed his head in mock shame.
“Man, you are gay,” said Ryan. “What happened to the guy who told me not to put a woman up on a pedestal?”
“Hannah’s different.”
“And Samantha isn’t?”
“She’s a reporter.”
“Who gave you Hannah’s phone number?”
Jake tilted his head back. “Remember you asked for it. Sami did warn me.”
“I don’t see what the problem is.”
“You warned me too, remember? You said that she was a ‘man eater’.”
“So?”
Jake looked back down avoiding Ryan’s eyes. “If we do it, then I’m history.”
“You’ve done the same thing to dozens of girls.” So had he. An unfamiliar feeling of shame stabbed at his gut.
“I’m going to hell.”
“If that were true, most of the male population would be joining you.” Including me. Except, Ryan had no plans on going to hell, not after being in heaven in Samantha’s arms.
“Do you think Hannah said that?”
“I don’t think Sami would lie to you. The question is whether Hannah said it jokingly.”
“What is up with you and Jameson anyway? Something happened in the elevator, didn’t it?”
Ryan thought about telling Jake. He needed some advice on where to go from here, but he couldn’t break Samantha’s confidence. Instead, he admitted, “She beat me at Go Fish.”
“You expect me to believe that was the only game you two played? No tonsil hockey?”
Ryan shifted in his seat. His rep as a ladies’ man was in serious jeopardy, but he promised Samantha. “What can I say? The woman is immune to my charming personality.”
“God, we are pathetic losers,” bit out Jake.
Ryan stared ahead and began to play with the tray that hung from the seat. Loser described him perfectly. It didn’t matter how many games he won, or how much money he made, or how many women adored him, he still felt like that foster kid who wouldn’t amount to anything. Money and success didn’t change where he’d come from or who he was. “Sami’s brother thinks so.”
“Whoa, he actually said that?”
“No, but he told me ‘hands off’.”
“Jeez, Ryan, he is her brother. No guy is good enough for their sister, except maybe a eunuch. No, not even them.”
He hoped Jake was right because after being with Samantha he didn’t think he could go back to being a family friend.
“Well, at least you and the Blonde had some fun.” Jake gave him a sideways glance.
Ryan panicked. “What’s that look for?”
“Nothing.”
Did Jake suspect something? He was certainly acting like it.
“What was she like?”
“What the hell do you mean what was she like? Like a hundred others.”
“Don’t get so defensive. Just wanted to compare notes,” Jake said.
“What? You’ve been with her before?”
“Yeah, in fact, last night, after you. Seems like you’re losing your touch, my friend.”
“What about Hannah?”
“Thought it would make me forget her, at least for a while. Cool my libido, all that shit.”
A pillow flew across the way and hit Jake’s shoulder. “Can you end the pissing contest so we all can get some sleep,” said Burner.
Embarrassed, both men settled back in their seats. Ryan closed his eyes and feigned sleep while his mind raced. Did Jake know the truth?
*** 
Jake crashed on his couch in exhaustion. Normally he slept like a baby on the flights back home, but not this time. He couldn’t keep his mind off Hannah. Gay? Him?
His body cried out for rest and his battered pride needed to recover, but his mind demanded answers. To call or not to call? He succeeded in pushing down his pride long enough for him to dial her number.
“Hello, Jake.”
Hannah’s husky voice soothed his ego. “Hi, babe. Did you watch the game?”
“Parts of it.”
“Just parts of it?”
“Okay, I saw all of it. You had a great game. There, is that what you wanted to hear?”
Jake smiled to himself. “That and also that you don’t think I’m gay.”
“Samantha shouldn’t have told you that.”
“I can assure you I’m not.”
“Prove it, come over right now.”
“Ah, Hannah, every bone in my body is screaming right now for sleep. You understand, don’t you? Rain check?”
“On one condition.”
Jake knew he was inviting trouble when he asked, “And that would be?”
“I want you to talk dirty to me.”
Jake sat up like a suddenly cured man.”What? Right now?”
“Yes, you knowwww… phone sex? Tell me what you want to do to me, what you want me to do to you.”
“Mmmmm… okay… ummm… ” Jake struggled for something to say. Anything. He couldn’t remember feeling this inadequate with a woman. Not even when he lost his virginity at fourteen. “First, tell me what you’re wearing?” He purposely lowered his voice.
“Do you have the most recent Victoria Secret catalog?”
“I’m full-blooded heterosexual male, of course I have it.”
“Well, go get it.”
Jake nearly dropped the phone. As he rushed to find the catalog, images of what he would like to do to Hannah flashed through his mind like a highlight reel. But how could he relate that over a phone line? He couldn’t go too far, could he? “Got it,” he said as he fumbled with the phone.
“Good boy. Now turn to page thirteen.”
Jake turned to the page where a picture of Hannah in a wild rose colored push up bra and a Brazilian-cut bikini panty leapt off the page. His heart pounded like he ran fifty yards for a touchdown. The catalog called the bra revolutionary. Yeah, because men would start wars over the woman wearing it.
“Oh, my God.” Did he say that aloud?
“You like?”
“No. I love it. You’re wearing that right now? Really?”
“Really.”
He nervously rubbed the smooth top of his head, absently wishing for his hair back so he could pull it in frustration. “I never did this before. I don’t know what to say,” admitted Jake.
“Me neither. So I guess that makes us phone sex virgins.”
Jake laughed. Virgins. That should’ve made him feel better, but it didn’t. “Are you sitting or standing?” he asked.
“You’re stalling.”
“You are a bad girl.”
“You like me that way, don’t you Jake?”
Jake’s mind kicked into gear. She wanted it; she was going to get it. “I want you in so many ways, Hannah, ways I don’t even know about. Yet. But this is the way I want you right now.”
“Tell me,” whispered Hannah.
“I’m getting home from a road trip and I’m pretty beat up. All I want is some sleep. Then, I walk into my bedroom and there’s a surprise waiting for me. God, Hannah, you’re so beautiful. You could have any man you want, but you choose me. My blood rushes to all the parts of me that hurt and I feel like a new man. Like the only man who can please you.”
“Only you,” whispers Hannah.
“That’s right, Hannah, only me.”
“The rose color of your lingerie makes me think of the hidden rose colored areas of your incredible body.”
“You are a bad boy,” purred Hannah.
“Just the way you like me. And hot, heavy, and ready.”
“Ready for what?”
“To get my hands on you - all over you. Still, I walk slowly as I devour your body with my eyes. Then, I’m a breath away from you and your body instinctively leans into mine. My finger traces the outline of your lips. So rosy and wet – what do you taste like Hannah? Like cinnamon? Like cherry?”
“Kiss me and find out.”
“My lips graze yours lightly, but then you press your mouth against mine. I can’t believe I’m finally kissing you. So many times I’ve looked at your picture and fantasized about you, but nothing could prepare me for how sweet and wild you taste – like heaven and hell – like redemption and sin.”
“Oh, Jake.”
“My tongue goes deeper and you begin to stroke my tongue with your lips just the way you want to stroke my cock.” He paused to make sure she wasn’t offended, that he didn’t go too far.
“And do you like the way I’m stroking your tongue?”
“Oh yeah, but not yet. I take my lips away and you moan because you want more. But there are other places that need to be kissed. To be licked. My mouth nuzzles your throat as I slide my hand down the curve of your hip and then around the outline of your panties. I’m dying to reach in and see if you’re wet for me. Damn, I really want to yank them off, but that’s what you want, isn’t it Hannah?”
“Yes, no, I mean, I want you to take them off with your teeth.”
Jake didn’t know how much more of this he could take. “Not so fast. You have one other undergarment that needs to come off first.”
“Hurry.”
“My mouth travels down to your breasts, which are ready to spill out of your bra. It doesn’t take my tongue much coaxing to free your nipple from the lacy confines. I want to go slow, but I can’t and I take your nipple into my mouth and suck hard.”
“Oh, God, yes.” Hannah moaned over the phone line.
He reached down to rub his throbbing erection. He’d never been so turned on in his life. Never. He rubbed harder. Pure torture. He hoped she felt the same way. “Touch yourself, Hannah. For me.” Her moan rocked his body. “Hannah?’
“Don’t stop.”
“Hannah?” he asked urgently. Like his life depended on it – because it felt like it did.
“Yes?”
“I’ll be right over.”
“Thank God.”
*** 
Hannah rushed over to her dresser to pull out the outfit from page thirteen. Jake would be disappointed to find out she actually had on sweats and a t-shirt, with absolutely not a drop of make-up on. In fact, she looked like the ugly stepsister to the airbrushed girl in the catalog. She quickly discarded her home ‘uniform’ in the hamper, put on the bra, and adjusted her breasts inside the cups to give the effect of an offering. Her panties went on next.
Hannah surveyed her room with a critical eye. Luckily, everything was neat and clean. Colored in creams and pinks, she didn’t consider it girly. Well, maybe a little. Overstuffed pillows littered the bed, and she smiled, thinking of her and Jake rolling around amongst the bedding. Would they even make it between the sheets? She giggled.
Hannah glanced in the mirror and shrieked. How could she forget make-up? She rushed over to her vanity and carefully sketched on green eyeliner. Next, she put on a light coat of foundation and then remembering Jake’s words, added rosy colored lip-gloss. She didn’t bother with blush; she didn’t need it, not after a session of phone sex with Jake. His voice was pure sex.
She ran a brush through her hair and then assessed her look in the full-length mirror. Not bad, for fifteen minutes. She did a couple of turns and performed the pose in the catalog. Air brushing aside, Hannah hoped Jake wouldn’t be disillusioned by the real thing. By the real Hannah.
Why was she so nervous? Jake was just another guy. So what if he was famous? It wasn’t like she didn’t have her fair share of the rich and famous. She was one of them. He’s the one who should be nervous! She was Hannah Hahn! Fabulously famous, wealthy, and sexy. And not so fabulously alone.
She thought about Samantha. Hannah slipped on a satin robe and left her bedroom to tell Samantha of Jake’s impending arrival. She lightly knocked and peeked in Samantha’s room.
“What’s up?”
“Jake is.”
“What?”
“We had amazing phone sex. He’s on his way over.”
“Phone sex? Really? Wow.”
“It gives a whole new meaning to the word foreplay. You should try it.”
“I’m out of luck, unless you know of a good 900 number.”
“I’m sure Ryan wouldn’t mind. You do have his number.”
“Lost it.”
“Sure, you did.”
“Never mind me, what are you wearing under that robe. Is Jake going to have a heart attack?”
“Page thirteen.” Hannah flashed Samantha.
“Ah, you’re going for a stroke.”
“Neither. I’m going for the ‘if you have an erection for longer than four hours, you should see a doctor right away’,” said Hannah in her television commercial voice.
Samantha laughed. “Then, I won’t expect you at breakfast.”
“Call Ryan.” The buzzer sounded. Before closing the bedroom door Hannah added, “You know you want to.”
Hannah rushed to let Jake in. After she was done jumping him, there would be some pillow talk about how to get Ryan and Samantha together outside of the locker room.
*** 
Samantha glanced at the clock radio wondering if it was too late to call Ryan. A little phone sex would be harmless, wouldn’t it? Biting her lip, she picked up her cell phone and flipped it open. Then quickly shut it. What the hell would she say? Even if she managed the words, Samantha didn’t know how to talk sexy – she’d end up sounding like a bad porno film. Though to men, was there such a thing? Besides, if she called, he’d get the wrong idea and expect things she wasn’t ready to give. No, what she couldn’t give.
Down the hallway she heard a low giggle and a door slamming shut. She imagined Jake kicking the door.
Her face flushed, as she searched for Ryan’s number in the directory. Finding it, her finger hovered over the send button. She took a deep breath and pressed down. Too late now. She hoped he wouldn’t answer. She wished he would. When she thought it would go to voice mail she heard Ryan’s voice.
“My place or yours?”
Awfully cocky of him, even if he was half right. This was a huge mistake. “That’s not why I called.”
“Oh yeah, then what can’t wait at eleven p.m.?”
His deep voice reverberated through her. Harmless phone sex? Not with that voice. Not with knowing how the real thing felt. “I need a last minute quote,” she lied; her story had been filed hours ago.
“If that’s the way you want to play then, ‘Its just begun’.”
The silence stretched out as she waited for him to continue. What did he mean? “Can you elaborate on that?”
“My lucky streak.”
“I’d say it ended tonight,” she said confidently.
“You called me, didn’t you?”
“This doesn’t…count,” she stammered.
“Doesn’t it?” he asked softly. “Dream about me.”
Samantha ended the call and looked up at the ceiling. She hoped Ryan would replace her nightmares with visions of him loving her. Loving her? That would be more like a fantasy or a hallucination. Still, if her nightmares were true then maybe her dreams could come true, too.
*** 
Samantha inhaled the deep scent of coffee filtering down the hallway as she made her way to the kitchen. She followed the aroma like a kid following the pied piper. At the last moment she recalled Jake’s arrival last night. The blessed coffee maker had to be him. There was no way Hannah was up at this hour, unless she never fell asleep. She peeked in to make sure she wasn’t going to barge in on a bare-assed man. Not that it really mattered; she’d seen Jake buck-naked in the locker room, however her kitchen was a little more intimate.
Jake stood over a steaming cup of coffee, in a pair of rumpled jeans riding low on his hips, with no shirt on.
“Did you make coffee for everyone? If not, you can leave now.”
Jake turned around. “There’s plenty. It’s the least I can do considering you provided me with Hannah’s number.”
While he poured her coffee, she gave him the once over. Looking like he’d had no sleep at all, Jake was dangerously sexy. She didn’t blame Hannah one bit for jumping into the sack with this hottie. She gratefully took the coffee cup and drew in another whiff of the powerful brew. “So I guess this means you’re not gay?”
“Gay, no. Happy, yes.” With a smile, Jake rubbed the stubble on his chin.
Samantha didn’t know what to say. Here was a guy she interviewed every day in less than what he was wearing now. “This is weird.”
Jake scratched his head. “Yeah, it is. Especially since Terell is going to be jealous when I tell him I spent the night here.”
“So you’re the type to brag about your conquests?”
“Oh, you got it all wrong. I was the one sacrificed at Hannah’s altar.”
Samantha laughed.
“And Ryan won’t be jealous because of Hannah, but because I saw you in your jammies.”
Samantha unconsciously pulled at her Mr. Bubbles lounge pants and matching shirt. “Um, could you tell him I had on something from Victoria’s Secret?”
“No can do. First, he’d kick my ass, and second, I don’t know, somehow I think the Mr. Bubbles is going to turn him on more.”
Samantha snorted.
“No really, it would.”
“Okay, if you say so.”
“What difference does it make to you anyway? You don’t even like him.”
Was Jake digging for information? It sure seemed like it. Samantha thought for a moment before answering. “Ryan’s like an annoying third brother.”
“So why do you care if he thinks you wear Mr. Bubbles to bed?” Jake prodded.
Wow, he was digging, and he was a little too close to China for her. “Just a little feminine pride. That’s all.”
“Mm… hmmm, no, not buying it. Anything happen in the elevator? Later that night?”
“Hey, I’m the reporter here, got it?” Samantha frowned into her coffee. Did Ryan say anything? Jake was his best friend. Then again, she didn’t tell her best friend. She shook her head in disgust. She was acting like a high school freshman “But for the record, nothing happened.”
“So all you played was Go Fish.”
“Yup, though if it was up to Ryan we would’ve played Strip Poker. He even suggested Spin the Bottle.”
Jake laughed. “Now that sounds more like Terell. But it’s unlike him to not make a move.”
“Maybe, I’m not his type.”
“Nope, that not it. I think Ryan’s trying to respect your brother’s wishes and all. Whoops. Did I say that?”
“My brother’s wishes? And don’t act all innocent. I know you meant that to slip.”
Jake sheepishly grinned. “Your brother, the one who’s a cop I think, told Ryan ‘hands off’.”
Her brother was so dead. Who did he think he was? She wouldn’t even let her father get away with something like this, never mind her brother. “And why are you telling me this?”
“You should know the restraint he’s shown in staying away from you.”
Samantha held back a snort of disgust. Restraint? Okay, maybe in the team meeting room where she expected a devastating kiss, only for him to walk away with a mere warning. Okay, and maybe he waited a whole hour before all his restraint flew down the elevator shaft and kissed her like he just got out of prison. But neither of them held back in the hotel gym. She knew Ryan didn’t say anything. If there was one thing she could trust Ryan with was her reputation. That was something. Besides, it was her brother who was at fault here. “Yes, Ryan is the pillar of restraint,” she lied. “But my brother will need a restraining order against me if he doesn’t mind his own business.”
“You could always hook up with Ryan. That’ll teach your brother a lesson.”
“Now that’s the reason why you told me.”
“No, really it just came to me.” Jake got up to refill his mug. “Look, you should at least give him a chance. Come with me on Wednesday and you’ll realize what a great guy he is.”
“Jake, I don’t know what’s so special about Wednesday, but you saw what happened in the lobby of the hotel. Can you imagine if we were an item?”
“People are thinking it anyway. Might as well be doing it.”
She nearly retched into her coffee. “Who thinks that? What people?”
Jake shrugged. “People. I wouldn’t worry about it. No one really cares.”
Samantha remained silent as she pondered his words.
“Now that I helped you with Terell--”
“Helped me? More like helping your friend out.”
“Hannah seems to think you two are ‘made’ for one another.”
“I get it now.” She should’ve known Hannah would rope Jake into helping her.
“Back to me. How do I keep Hannah happy?”
Samantha smiled, realizing Jake’s dilemma. Hannah wasn’t known for keeping a man beyond a couple of days, sometimes even hours. Usually she wouldn’t interfere, but her roommate deserved a little matchmaker of her own and Jake seemed nice enough. “Well, you can start by cooking her breakfast. Waffles.”
Jake stood up knocking over his empty cup. “I can do that.” He opened up the freezer door. “You’re out of waffles.”
“Fresh waffles.”
“Is there a diner around here that delivers?” Jake asked hopefully.
“Wouldn’t count.” Samantha took pity on him and instructed him on the finer points of batter making. She pulled out the waffle iron when footsteps sounded down the hall.
Hannah came into the kitchen wearing a ratty nightshirt and took one look at Jake and jumped back out, yelling, “What are you still doing here?”
Jake went to the door and pulled Hannah back in. “Making breakfast for us.” He nuzzled her neck.
“No, let me go. You can’t see me like this.” Hannah tried to wiggle her way out of his grasp.
“Like what?”
“Oh, please--”
“Please what? Please take you back to bed? Okay.” Jake lifted Hannah up and walked out of the kitchen.
“No. Well… ”
She heard Hannah’s giggles as they disappeared down the hallway. Samantha smiled. Jake was doing just fine.
Her cell phone rang. She checked the screen. Ryan. The erotic dreams from last night flooded back into her memory. But falling asleep inside the dream after making passionate love, she awoke in the cell, and it wasn’t the Marines who saved her this time, it was Ryan. She was a bit unsettled by the dream, afraid of what it meant.
The cell twilled again. What did he want at nine a.m.? Probably, the same thing she wanted last night but was too afraid to ask - too afraid to admit.. She briefly thought about not answering it. Chicken. Besides, she really wanted to hear his voice. “Hello.”
“You didn’t use my quote.”
She thought he didn’t read the papers. “It wasn’t newsworthy.”
“In fact, I’m hardly mentioned at all.”
“Did I bruise your ego?”
“I had the game of my life and all you can say is, and I quote, ‘Terell scored three touchdowns and caught ten passes.’”
“I believe my facts are correct.”
“Burner got 2 paragraphs, Miller even got one, and I get one lousy line.”
“Just because we slept together doesn’t mean you’re going to get extra space in my column.”
“Is that what you think I’m after?”
“Well, if it isn’t, then what’s wrong?”
“It’s like you’re going out of your way not to write about me.”
That was exactly what she was doing. Samantha had rewritten the column a dozen times. Sticking to the hard, cold facts of his play kept the flowery praise from creeping into her prose. People would read between the lines and know they slept together. “You’re imagining it.”
She pulled the phone away from her ear and stared at the phone in disbelief. He was laughing? “What the hell’s so funny?”
“There are better things to imagine,” he said in a low voice that left no doubt to what he was visualizing.
Images of what already happened between them flashed in her mind. She blushed but he couldn’t see that. “So long as you don’t cross the line into reality.”
“It’s you who’s not dealing with reality.”
Was he talking about them or Iraq? It didn’t matter; denial was a safer state of mind.



Chapter 9

After Iraq, Samantha vowed she’d never go near another hospital again. As a war correspondent, it had been a job hazard. Whether it was an interview with a Marine with a missing leg, or a young Iraqi caught in crossfire, or any of the other tragedies, she’d never gotten used to it. Witnessing such misery, while trying to remain unbiased and worse, practically interrogating the victims to get their story, left her emotionally wounded. After the story was written, and she was alone, she’d let herself have a good cry.
But today’s hospital visit was different. Instead of being just a useless, pushy reporter, she’d be helping Hannah, who asked her along to volunteer at a children’s cancer treatment center. They’d gathered make-up and nail polish to play beauty salon with some of the little girls.
Samantha mentally prepared herself as she and Hannah entered the building. The ravages of cancer were just as difficult to stomach as the ravages of war. Both claimed their victories and losses.
She practiced a smile as they approached the elevator, then broke into a sincere grin as she approached the two men holding an armful of teddy bears and football jerseys. Ryan and Jake.
“Gosh, don’t they look cute?” whispered Hannah.
She remembered it was Wednesday; the same day Jake had wanted her to see Ryan. Despite the fact they did indeed look adorable, she wasn’t going to let Hannah off the hook. “You’re teaming up with Jake now?”
“It was Jake’s idea, but Ryan didn’t know. I swear on my Jimmy Choo’s.”
The surprised look on Ryan’s face confirmed it. Jake gave Hannah a peck on the cheek before introducing her to Ryan. Samantha hung back a moment, trying to figure out why Ryan was here. Was it for the publicity? His contract was up at the end of the year. Extra. Extra. Football Star Visits Hospital. Owners ate headlines like that up. So did Fifth Avenue advertisers, which led to fat endorsement deals.
“I didn’t have anything to do with this. I swear,” said Ryan.
“I know. I think Hannah has Jake playing matchmaker.” Samantha nodded at the two who now had their back to them as they spoke.
“Jake as Cupid? Not a pretty picture.” Then Ryan leaned forward and whispered in her ear, “If they only knew the match has already been made.” Then he straightened to his normal height. “And this is all off the record. I don’t do this for publicity, if that’s what you are thinking.”
Samantha bit back a stab of guilt. That’s exactly what she thought and always thinking the worse. Especially when it came to Ryan.
“You can always write about me,” Hannah said over her shoulder. “I love being in the paper.”
They huddled into the elevator and Samantha glanced at Ryan, blushing as she relived the kiss. Jake eyed her suspiciously. She cleared her throat. “The teddy bears are cute.”
Ryan smiled down at her. “Some kids aren’t big on football and have no idea who we are, so the football jerseys wouldn’t mean much to them.”
The wall of ice surrounding Samantha’s heart began to thaw. A rush of emotion overwhelmed her like an icecap melting as if the Sun had exploded.
“That’s so sweet. Isn’t it, Samantha?” prompted Hannah.
“Umm, yeah,” she said automatically. But Samantha wasn’t thinking about how sweet Ryan was. In the close confines of the elevator, with Hannah slightly pushing her towards him, all she could think about was kissing him again.
Ryan’s gaze dropped to her lips. Was he thinking about it, too?
“Okay, I’m really not buying the story that nothing happened in the elevator in Dallas,” Jake said.
Ryan and Samantha looked away from each other. The doors slid open. No one moved.
“Oh my, God. I knew it!” said Hannah.
The doors closed and the elevator slid its way back to the lobby.
“Take it easy. It was just a kiss,” said Samantha.
She winced as Ryan said, “What? You call that just a kiss?”
“I can’t believe you didn’t tell me,” Hannah said to Samantha. Hurt laced her voice.
“Umm, honey, this isn’t the time to--” Jake tried to interject.
“Well, was it?” asked Ryan, ignoring Hannah and Jake.
He looked so damn adorable holding the teddy bears, while wearing an expression of indignation. “Okay, so it was a knock my socks off French kiss.”
“Ooo, la, la,” said Hannah, the hurt in her voice gone and replaced with a naughty tone.
The doors slid back open on the ground floor. Several people waited to get on and they moved aside to let them on.
Samantha was pressed against Ryan in the crowded elevator. A bear nuzzled against her neck accidentally. Or was it accidental? As the bear tickled her ear, a shiver trickled up the base of her spine. She needed some space. She needed to breathe. No, she needed to kiss him and let him breathe for her. The doors slid open and the foursome got off. Thank God.
Ryan checked in at the nurse’s station while they waited in the hall. Jake mentioned he and Ryan visited every week and talked about some of kids he’s gotten to know. What was taking so long? She peeked over Jake’s shoulder and saw Ryan talking with a nurse, who looked like she walked off the set of a porno movie. Wasn’t there some dress code in this hospital?
What were they talking about? Was he asking why nurses wore white, or maybe he wanted to know if the cafeteria chili was safe to eat, or maybe he wanted to find the nearest supply closest? No, she wasn’t going to think like that. He wasn’t here for publicity and he wasn’t here to score. He was a volunteer. So what if the nurse looked like she wanted to volunteer to take his temperature with her tongue?
Ryan walked back, a deep frown creasing his face. “Jake, Jenny’s not doing good, so I’m going to stay after we’re done.”
“Who’s Jenny?” asked Samantha
“My number one fan and the sweetest kid on the planet. She’s been in and out of remission several times, but this time… ” his voice trailed off.
Samantha wanted to comfort him, but didn’t know how. She awkwardly placed her hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry.”
He looked away, no doubt hiding tears. He squeezed her hand and mumbled, “Thanks.”
Samantha followed them into a playroom full of kids. They clapped as Jake and Ryan, who wore their Cougar jerseys, made their way into the center of the room. She didn’t have to fake a grin at all. In spite of their circumstances, these young faces showed a happiness that was infectious.
The children clustered around Ryan and Jake, who did a play by play of last week’s game. She couldn’t help laughing along, as the two men grossly exaggerated a few details, like a game of who caught the biggest fish. The two engaged in some boyish tackling, bringing shouts from the boys and giggles from the girls.
They fielded questions from the group. Hands shot up, waving frantically in the air vying for their attention.
As she helped Hannah set up the makeshift beauty salon, Samantha wondered what type of father Ryan would be. She pictured him with his future children and the neighborhood kids playing football in a backyard covered with leaves after an autumn storm. She imagined him treating them to a cup of hot chocolate while they argued over the score.
Without a thought, she slipped into the role of wife and mother. Shaking her head as their muddied children tramped through the house. Tucking their children in together. Making love every night. She looked up at him and he glanced over at the same time, like he’d been reading her thoughts from across the room. He smiled. Her heart clenched in pain from wanting it so bad and knowing she was living in a fantasy world.
Gift time arrived and while Hannah helped Jake hand out presents on one side of the room, Samantha helped Ryan on the other. Whether it was because he was their football hero or the sheer size of him, the kids were in awe of Ryan.
They worked their way over to a frightened little girl sitting off to the side in a wheel chair. Ryan crouched down and said, “Hi there, little one. Don’t be scared. I’m not as mean as I look.”
Her chin tilted up. “I’m not scared.”
Samantha’s heart nearly broke. “Of course, you’re not scared. He’s like this cuddly teddy bear here.” She handed the girl the toy, which had a tiny Cougar’s sweater on it. “Only bigger.”
Ryan turned to Samantha with speculation in his eyes. He was about to say something when the girl said, “How did you get so big?”
He turned back to the child who was now clutching the bear tightly to her chest. Tousling her hair, he said, “When I was little my Mom watered my feet once a day.” The frown on the girl’s face disappeared, replaced with a big smile as she started to giggled. Then she held her finger up, crocking it forward to motion Ryan closer. He followed her instructions and she bestowed a kiss on his cheek. Samantha briefly noticed a glistening of his eyes as he got up and turned away from her.
And he does this every week. He doesn’t have to do this. Doesn’t even want credit for it. He does it to make the kids happy. Because he’s a good man.
With the gifts distributed the foursome said their goodbyes.
As they reached the elevator, Hannah turned to Samantha and said, “I’m going to Jake’s place, if it’s okay with you?”
“Of course it is. I’ll take the subway home.”
“I can drive you home,” said Ryan. The door swished open. Hannah and Jake stepped in.
“Okay,” agreed Samantha.
“Which was all a part of my clever plan,” admitted Jake as the door slid shut leaving Ryan and Samantha alone.
“So you think I’m cuddly?” Ryan sidled up to her with a sly smile.
Samantha immediately regretted her decision to stay. “Don’t let it go to your head.”
“Impossible when I have you to keep me…what was the word you used the other day?”
“Grounded.”
He laughed. “Come with me to meet Jenny, she’s a fan of yours too. Not your number one fan, because that would be me.” He pointed to his chest.
She hated when he flirted with her. Hated how he made it impossible for her not to fall in love him. Love, hate, it was such a thin line and she lacked the skills to walk it.
Reaching room 802, he knocked on the open door.
“Ryan!” a tiny voice called.
It amazed Samantha that Jenny could muster up the enthusiasm to shout his name. She looked about twelve years old, even though the frame of her body had whittled down to nothing. A floral nightcap covered the bald head underneath. But despite the cancer, her beautiful blue eyes sparkled.
Samantha wanted to leave, afraid to intrude on their time together. She hung back in the doorway until the girl was curious enough to ask about her, which wasn’t long.
“Is that your girlfriend?”
“Don’t you recognize Samantha Jameson?” Ryan asked.
“The reporter?” She frowned and pulled up the sheet. “She’s not going to take my picture, is she?”
Samantha walked to the bed and stood across from Ryan. “Hey, I’m a reporter, not some lazy photographer.
Jenny visibly relaxed. “You know you should really get a new picture for your blog. It doesn’t look like you at all.”
“Jenny!” Ryan laughed.
“You should see my driver’s license,” replied Samantha. She didn’t photograph well, which was one of the reasons she stayed in the print media.
“Jenny reads your column. She wants to be a reporter when she grows up.”
“If,” said Jenny.
“Jenny, we agreed there are no if’s, just when’s,” said Ryan. “Maybe you can ask Miss Jameson to take a look at your stories?”
Did he put the emphasis on Miss or was she imagining it?
A look of mortification crossed Jenny’s face. “You can’t ask a big time reporter to read my stupid stories.”
“I wouldn’t know since you haven’t let me read them,” said Ryan.
“I’d love to read them. Really.”
Jenny smiled. “Ry, Ry could you get me a pitcher of water?”
Ry, Ry? Amused by the nickname for the tough two hundred and fifty pound tight-end, Samantha hid a smile.
“What’s wrong with this one, it’s half full?”
“Yeah, but the ice melted and I like it cold. Pleazzze?”
“Of course, I’ll be right back.” Ryan looked skeptical, but left the room with the pitcher.
Jenny reached over to her nightstand and pulled out a packet of papers. “Here they are, but you don’t have to read them.”
Samantha accepted the papers and placed them in her bag. “I want to. I’ll return them next week.” Trying to make herself useful, she leaned over to fluff the pillows.
“I didn’t let Ryan read them because they’re mostly about him.”
“Oh, well, I wouldn’t let him read them either. We don’t want him to get a big head.”
Jenny laughed. “Is that why you don’t mention him in your column?”
Samantha stopped mid-fluff. “What are you talking about?” She hit the delete button a number of times when she found herself writing about his heroics on the field, but she did give him fair coverage, didn’t she?
“Ryan never answered my question. Are you his girlfriend?”
“No. I mean, I’m his friend, but we’re not a couple.”
“Why not? He’s the best.” Her eyes shone with admiration.
“The best,” she agreed.
“And he’s strong and soooo handsome,” Jenny sighed. “I want to marry someone just like him if… I mean… when I grow up.”
“He’s a good guy.” The perfect man.
“So why don’t you marry him? He needs someone. He’s lonely, you know. And I think he likes--”
“Jenny, I think I can handle a marriage proposal all by myself.” Ryan returned with the pitcher and several cups. He looked down at Jenny with a stern face. “It seems like I’ve been sent on a fool’s errand.”
Jenny ignored his look, probably because she knew Ryan well enough to know he was only pretending. Arms folded, she said, “It’s obvious you need my help, fool!”
Samantha laughed. “Ryan, she’s got your number.”
Twenty minutes later a nurse came in to take Jenny for testing. The frown on Jenny’s face nearly had Samantha breaking down in tears.
*** 
The elevator whizzed down the building. Ryan half wished for another power outage. He really needed a reason to hold her, to have her hold him. These visits to the hospital always tore up his insides, but he knew how it felt to be in a hospital when no one came to see you.
“Hey, you okay?” asked Samantha.
“Yeah.” Ryan couldn’t stand the look of sympathy in Samantha’s eyes. A small part of him wanted to use it to earn some brownie points. However, he didn’t want to go to hell and he didn’t want to appear weak.
The doors slid open and he led Samantha to his Hummer. As he held the door open for her she touched his face with her delicate hand. Their eyes met and something inside him broke. He pulled her into his arms and held on and tried not to cry. God, she felt so good.
With the smell of sickness and death left behind, Ryan wanted to lose himself in Samantha’s flowery scent…her scent of life. He let go when he remembered she was just hugging him as an act of kindness. “Thanks, I needed that.”
“So did I.”
He really needed so much more from her, but the hug was a good start. Standing on the runner of the Hummer, Samantha stood almost eye level with him. With a sudden look a determination, she leaned forward and kissed him.
Momentarily shocked, he did nothing. Then she tugged on his shirt, trying to pull him into the seat with her. Her kiss turned into his kiss as he hungrily took what she offered. His lips tore away from hers and he scanned the parking garage for people. Empty. Thank God. And the vehicle’s windows were tinted black. Thank God.
Samantha grabbed his neck, pulling him in for another kiss. Lifting her up, he closed the passenger door, opened the backseat door, and practically threw her in. He climbed on top of her.
“Shut…” Her breaths were coming in short gasps.
‘Got it.” He snapped it closed and in a flash he was back on top of her. Kissing her, pulling at her clothes like he was some unschooled college boy. But it was his shirt that came off first. Her nails tore into his back. He welcomed the pain because it meant he was alive - that life held good things too. And that she needed him as much as he needed her.
She tugged at his belt while he fumbled for his wallet to grab a condom, nearly dropping it when she slid her hand around his throbbing cock. His lips nuzzled her neck while she stroked him into a feverish state.
He pulled away to put on the condom. Samantha wasted no time, unfastening her pants, and shimmying them off. Sure they’d sucked all the oxygen out of the Hummer, Ryan’s ragged breath sounded off the enclosed space. The steamed up windows reminded him of a scene from the movie Titanic with that redheaded chick.
Samantha wiggled beneath him. “Ready.”
“Are you?” He reached between her legs and smiled at the wetness. She moaned, her back arching, bringing her breasts up to his lips, inviting him to taste. He accepted.
He nearly growled when he finally plunged into her softness. But desperation quickly took hold as he pumped himself in and out. Her muscles worked him until he thought his cock would implode. His self-control gone, he relied purely on instinct.
Samantha shouted his name, shuddering around him, as his own climax exploded inside her. A few tears of relief mingled with the sweat beading on his face. What the hell? That had never happened before. Then again, he’d never felt like he was going to die in a woman’s arms before.
He didn’t know what to say. Another thank you didn’t cover what he was feeling. And he didn’t trust himself to say anything else. He shifted their bodies so they lay beside each other. She quivered and he stroked the elegant curve of her back, trying to bring her down. “I promised you a bed.” He kissed the top of her head.
“Yeah, but you delivered on the out of this world part.”
“At least I got something right.” Happy he pleased her he pulled her closer.
They cuddled, neither wanting to move, until they heard a car door slam. After groping for their clothes, they dressed, laughing in unison when they knocked into each other - mix of elbows, hands, and feet.
They drove in silence, a comfortable silence, because they said everything with their bodies. He reached over to hold her hand. She didn’t pull away, instead stroking his with her other hand. An unfamiliar wave of contentment filled his body.
He parked a block away from her building since the paparazzi cased Hannah’s apartment complex. Letting go of her hand, he took a loose strand of hair and tucked it behind her ear. “Come back to my place. I have a bed, I promise.”
“I can’t. Deadline.”
“Okay, but you need to make a date with my bed soon, otherwise who knows where we’ll do it next?”
“That’s a scary thought.”
“I’ve always had this fantasy of doing it on the fifty-yard line.”
Samantha shook her head. “Hopefully, this fantasy doesn’t include eighty thousand fans.”
Ryan laughed. He loved a woman with a sense of humor. “Whoa, that would be way too much pressure, even for me.”
Samantha opened the door. “Worried about your technique?” she teased. She slid out of the Hummer.
Not until you asked, no. He leaned over to ask, “Should I be?
She shut the door and then peeked in the open window. “No.” She gave him a flirtatious smile that promised him he should have no worries on that front.
He drove off with visions of her learning about his other techniques.
*** 
Samantha was courting disaster by carrying on with Ryan. But she couldn’t help herself. The man needed her. He’d needed comfort and the only way she knew how to give it to him was the same way he’d given it to her in the hotel gym.
Flesh on flesh. Heat on heat. They were like Jack and Rose in the Titanic. Stop romanticizing it. I’m 32 and I had sex in a car like some horny teenager!
Samantha opened a new file on her computer. She typed ‘A Hero For All Seasons’, then hit the delete button. Ryan had specifically told her not to write about his charity work. She’d respect his wishes but believed fans should know he wasn’t another rich, pampered athlete.
She pulled out the papers Jenny had written and read through them. The girl could write. Something about the style was familiar to her. She tilted her head in thought. It can’t be.
She signed onto her blog and checked the comments from a couple of posts. After reading a few, she was sure the writing styles matched. Cancer Girl was Jenny.
Such a small world. The idea to give her byline up for a day struck a chord with Samantha. She called her editor and he agreed it was a great idea. She called Jenny to make sure it was okay with her before making the arrangements with her parents. Samantha’s shoulders hunched in excitement. Ryan would get the recognition he deserved and Jenny would be a published writer. Jenny would see her dream realized. Ry, Ry couldn’t be mad about that.



Chapter 10

“You’re going, and that’s final.” Hannah wiped the beauty cream off her face with a tissue.
Samantha wondered how many thousands she could get for pictures of Hannah sans makeup. “I can’t afford a thousand dollars for a plate of over-cooked chicken.”
“My treat.”
“For that kind of money you could send me to the Bahamas.”
Hannah rinsed and gently patted her face with a fluffy towel. “But Ryan wouldn’t be there.”
“Exactly.”
“If you don’t go, then it’s a thousand dollars less for the Tomorrow’s Children Fund.”
Samantha wavered, thinking about Jenny and the other kids. “Well, when you put it like that… ”
“Hurry, you only have an hour.”
“Oh, only an hour?” said Samantha with dripping sarcasm. She gazed at her closet and wished for a whole day of shopping. Just as she feared, all her clothes were hopelessly outdated. The last time she’d attended an A-list affair, President Bush was in his second term. The yearly White House Correspondent Dinner was an event to which every journalist sought an invite. She’d been to two.
Sighing, she pulled out the very dress she’d worn and held it against her body. The Victorian neckline would hide the assets she now wanted to show off. Seeing nothing else to wear, she shed her clothes and slipped it on. Well, it still fit, if that was any consolation. After glancing in the mirror, it wasn’t. She groaned inwardly. Ryan wouldn’t give her a second look. What had made her buy this awful dress? She recalled the article in the paper…frumpy. With a capital F!
Perhaps Hannah had a scarf or belt. Face it; nothing would help this fashion faux pa. I’m not going. It was childish, but she simply had nothing to wear. Hannah of all people would understand.
She leaned against the doorframe of Hannah’s room. Samantha nearly cried when she saw Hannah’s transformation from pretty duckling to elegant swan. Samantha would settle for average. “I’m not going.”
Hannah whirled around, showing off the little swish her red beaded gown made. “What do you mean--” She stopped dead as she took one sweeping look at Samantha. “You’re right. You’re not going anywhere in that!”
She knew it was true, but Samantha was still offended. “It was good enough for the President.”
“Who? President Lincoln?”
“Very funny.” She strode into the room and threw herself on to the king-sized bed. “I’m hopeless!”
“Oh, quit it. I’m the drama queen here. And you can wear something of mine.” Hannah swept her closet door open with a graceful hand gesture that Vanna White would’ve been proud of, and said, “Cinderella time.”
Samantha’s eyes lit up at the thought of wearing one of Hannah’s fabulous gowns - to look glamorous if only for one night. Unfortunately, Hannah was a size, maybe two sizes, smaller than her. She drew herself up to her knees and folded her hands in prayer. “Oh, Fairy Godmother, can you also turn me into a size four?”
“Wow, I’m really rubbing off on you, aren’t I? Besides, officially I’m a size zero.”
Fifteen minutes later half the contents of the massive closet lay sprawled out on the bed. Nothing here would fit her. It was hopeless. Defeated, she plopped down on the edge of the bed and then jumped back up when Hannah squealed with delight.
“I found it! I found it!”
Hannah emerged from the closet with a shimmering bronze gown. Samantha gasped, “It perfect.” Then reality set in. “Except… ”
“Don’t worry, it’s a size 4. Had a fat stage.”
“Sure you did. Besides I’m a size 6.”
“No, you’re really a size 4. The clothes you wear are too big for you.”
“They are not!”
“Hello? Me fabulous fashion model, you frumpy reporter.”
“Ouch.”
Hannah threw the dress at Samantha and glanced at her diamond-studded watch. “We’re running late.”
Ten minutes later Samantha stood in front of the mirror, shaking her head. Oh, the color was right, matching perfectly with the flecks of gold in her eyes. With a four-inch heel, the length was perfect, skimming her ankles with a slit riding up modestly to the knee. The silk lining danced along her skin making her feel wicked. The material hugged the curves she hid under her everyday clothes and her breasts practically spilled out of the top. It was a wardrobe malfunction waiting to happen. “It’s too tight,” she complained.
Hannah stood behind her, viewing her handiwork with a grin. “Yeah, in all the right places. Ryan won’t be able to keep his hands off you.”
“I’m not going there to see Ryan, and I’m definitely not wearing this to impress him.”
“Sure, Samantha. Who was sulking not minutes ago because she had nothing wear?”
Ignoring Hannah’s comment, she adjusted the gown so it covered a little more cleavage “I swear I won’t be able to eat a thing tonight.”
Hannah readjusted the material back to where it was. “Now you know how models feel.” She swept up Samantha’s hair and the two looked into the mirror. “What do you think? Up or down?”
“Up.”
“Good choice. All Ryan will think about is letting it down.” Hannah clipped it into place and pulled out a few strands so they’d fall softly around the face. “Now, make-up.”
Samantha missed this girlfriend stuff over the past ten years. When they were in the same city they’d meet up for a quick lunch, but they both led busy lives. Now they’ve reconnected and Samantha found herself dying to confide in her friend. She felt bad that Hannah was going to all this trouble to hook Samantha up with Ryan. In fact, Hannah’s efforts had doubled after learning about the elevator kiss, but she didn’t know the full story.
Hannah finished applying cinnamon colored lipstick, allowing Samantha to say, “I have a confession to make.”
“Let me guess.” Hannah continued with bronze eyeliner, and then swept a sable brown eye shadow across the lids. “More than kissing went on in the elevator?”
“Close. Later that night. In the hotel gym.”
Hannah’s jaw dropped. “The hotel gym?”
“Then a few days ago in his car.”
“Whoa, I’m impressed. I didn’t know you had it in you.”
Samantha laughed. “Neither did I.”
Hannah slipped on a pair of red shoes. “Well, how was it?”
Remembering, Samantha tingled all over. “Out of this world.”
Hannah hugged her. “I’m so happy for you.” Hannah continued primping. Over her shoulder she asked, “So what now?”
“I don’t know. It’s not like we can be seen together in public.”
“Um…we’re all sitting together.”
“What?” Samantha’s stomach lurched. They were sitting together? Like a double date? Like a couple? Oh dear, God.
“It’s no big deal. They’ll be six other people at the table. And we’re meeting them there.” Hannah’s cell rang. “I bet that’s the limo. Here, put this on.” She handed her an amber necklace to complete the look.
Samantha put it on and took one last peek in the mirror. Hannah was a miracle worker, or maybe she really was her fairy godmother. Now all she needed was her prince.
*** 
Ryan impatiently tugged at the tie strangling his neck. He hated these damn events. He’d rather donate the money directly to the foundation, but these dinners brought needed attention to the cause. The presence of sport stars and celebrities were the main attraction. For Jenny and other kids he met at the hospital, he could endure one night of smiling like a circus monkey for the rich socialites who donated the big bucks. At least Samantha would be here. At first, he didn’t believe Jake when he said she was coming with Hannah.
He would’ve invited her himself, but with all the media attention he thought she would say no. On cue, lights flashed from a dozen cameras as Samantha and Hannah entered the decadent ballroom. His jaw dropped. Samantha’s gown hugged every luscious curve. Each step she took, a flash of leg enticed him. He imagined his hand running up the length of her calf, to the thigh, and beyond. The up-sweep of her burnished chestnut hair would’ve been a crime except it left her graceful neck exposed. Like a vampire, his lips yearned to nibble down the curve of her throat before taking a bite. His palms began to sweat. He couldn’t move, couldn’t take his eyes off her, wasn’t sure he was even breathing.
Jake came up to his side and pushed him forward. “Let’s go claim our women.”
“Samantha’s not mine.”
“Yeah, she is. Look how she’s looking at you.”
Her shy smile sent his insides shaking like an 8.5 earthquake. As they met them halfway, Ryan thought he heard Hannah say hello to him, but he couldn’t be sure. He was drowning in the intoxicating glow of Samantha’s skin.
“Samantha, you look…” His gaze dropped to her breasts that were on display and all coherent thought fled his brain. “Wow.”
“Four years of Notre Dame and all you can come up with is wow?”
“What can I say? You render me speechless.”
“That’s a first.”
“Did you wear that for me?”
“In your dreams.”
“My dreams have you naked,” he whispered into her ear as he led them to the table. His hand grazed the bare skin at the small of her back; he felt a shiver go up her spine, setting him on fire. Earth-quaking, water-drowning, fire–burning, air-none - he loosened his tie. Taking note of the other men appreciating Samantha’s charms, he resisted the urge to wrap his jack around her.
Once seated, Ryan did his best with small talk as dinner was served. Having Jake and Hannah act as chaperones helped. It kept him from jumping Samantha, who at the moment seemed to be interested in the intricacies of her place setting, leaving her dinner plate untouched.
“You’re not eating,” commented Ryan.
“I’m supposed to tell you I’m not hungry, but I’d be lying. The truth is, my dress is ready to bust at the seams.”
Bust. He couldn’t help it. Really, he couldn’t. His eyes dropped to the material straining against her full breasts. An amber necklace fell just above her cleavage like a sign saying ‘This Way’. Would he be a complete degenerate if he silently wished for the fabric to give way? No, he didn’t think so. He was being a man. That’s what men did, they wished, fantasized, and dreamt of sex. Statistics proved it. Who was he to fight Mother Nature?
“Ryan?”
Whoops, caught in the act. “Just admiring your necklace.” Taking a sip of water, he looked across the table at Jake.
“By the look on your face you want to be my necklace.”
He choked on the water as a laugh threatened to burst out. If he wasn’t mistaken she was flirting with him and he responded in kind. “Or your dress.”
The rest of dinner passed quickly and before he knew it dessert was served. He nearly drooled as Samantha savored the chocolate mousse, a look of pure bliss on her face. It reminded him of sex. Of taking a jar of chocolate syrup, pouring it over his cock, and letting her at him. A wicked smile flashed across his face.
“What?”
“I’m waiting for the seams of your dress to give way,” he lied. She gave him one of those looks that said to give it a rest, so he added, “You know, so I can be ready with my jacket to protect your honor.” He breathed in the wildflower scent of her perfume. A vision of kissing her in a field of flowers sprung in his mind quickly followed by a question. Where is all this romantic crap coming from?
“And who said chivalry was dead?”
“Always at your service.” Though officially this wasn’t a date, it certainly seemed like it. Except Ryan wished he could be all over Samantha the way Jake was with Hannah. Some chaperone. But every time he went to put his arm on Samantha’s chair, a teammate would come up to the table to say hello. A wink here and elbows from the guys made him realize Samantha’s predicament. Jocks may have a reputation for being dumb, but they knew how to add one plus one.
As she excused herself, Ryan knew she realized it, too. Ryan watched the crowd swallow her up. As the night wore on he caught glimpses of her talking and laughing. She knew a lot of people -- a lot of men. Her reporter radar was on and he supposed there was nothing she prized better than getting a scoop. He hoped to teach her to love something better, like staying in bed all day and letting the world pass by unnoticed and unreported.
A whiff of strong perfume made him realize he wasn’t alone.
“You look like you could use some company. I’m Lily.”
Would Samantha be jealous if she saw him talking to another woman? The conversation of exclusivity hadn’t come up. Technically, they weren’t even dating. Ryan didn’t know what the hell they were.
He had no desire for Lily to sit down, but it might throw off any suspicions of him and Samantha as a couple. Still, he didn’t want Lily to get any ideas, though by the look in her eyes that was already too late. “I’m sort of with someone.”
The woman looked over at Samantha. “That’s funny, she’s sort of with someone else.”
He followed her gaze. Like a flare gun his temper exploded inside him. Did Samantha know whom she was talking to? How did the little weasel get in here? Though when you were a drug dealer to the stars, doors open and the red carpet rolled out.
“He can get you anything, even designer steroids.” Lily wrapped her hands round his arm and squeezed.
Ryan’s fingers tightened around his glass. “I don’t touch that poison.” He burned silently, watching Samantha converse with a criminal. Was she working a story?
Lily leaned in and whispered, “What’s your poison?”
Ryan wanted to retch. Any interest he might have had pre-Samantha would’ve been doused by her come-on and cloying perfume.
Jake came up from behind him. “Bro, are you crazy, sitting here while that creep is all over her?”
Jake’s taunt was the final straw. He peeled Lily off his arm. “Lily, it was good to meet you, but I’ve neglected my date long enough.”
He strode through the crowd. Upon reaching Samantha’s side, he took her by the arm. “I believe this is our song.” Ryan led her to the dance floor, leaving that slime to find another victim.
“That was rude and since when is Nelly Furtado’s Promiscuous our song?”
Real smooth, Ryan. He took her into his arms as the music abruptly changed from the rapping beat to the romantic vibe of Rob Thomas.
“Did you arrange that?”
Ryan glanced over at the DJ. “No, Jake did. See?” He dipped her so she could get a better view of the band. So what if he received a better view of her breasts in the process? The temptation to run his tongue along the naked swell of her breasts to the beginning of the fabric of her gown rocked him. Now he knew how Adam felt about those apples.
He swooped her up before he gave into it. One step for man. One giant leap for mankind. He deserved some kind of medal. Perhaps even Sainthood. “Having a good time?”
“Yes, are you?”
“Oh yeah, I love going out and watching my date get approached by every man in the place. It’s a real turn on.”
“What about that woman who was hanging all over you?”
Ryan smiled. She is jealous. “I was trying to divert attention away from us.”
“By the stares we’re getting, I’d say it’s not working.”
“Right now I don’t care. Do you?”
“Actually, no, I don’t.”
*** 
Hannah smiled as she watched Ryan and Samantha dance. They looked so good together. She could easily picture them dancing on their wedding day. Hannah planned it all out, she would be the maid of honor and Jake would be the best man. She sighed wistfully.
She glanced to the DJ, where Jake had taken up residence. Her little affair was turning into more than little and more than an affair. She feared she was falling in love with Jake and that wouldn’t do. Hannah didn’t do love. Anything that got in the way of her career had to go. She only had two; maybe three years left before the modeling world considered her middle-aged and therefore only viable for menopause ads.
Hannah couldn’t afford any distractions. Sure, things were going great now, but how long would it take before Jake became bored with her? And all men became bored, which is why Hannah always ended it first, before there was any chance of falling in love.
Before Jake could catch her staring at him, she turned her attention back to Samantha and Ryan. The couple danced in sync with one another as if they already danced a thousand dances together. If Samantha hadn’t confessed to shagging Ryan, Hannah would’ve guessed it now.
Hannah looked back at Jake, who was now staring at her with hungry intent. He started to walk towards her. She looked down briefly so she could school her features into a disinterested mode. But when she peeked back up, Jake’s smile had her catching her breath. She should end it. End it now.
“May I have this dance?” proposed Jake as if he were a southern gentleman and she the belle of the ball.
I’ll give it one more week. “I’d love to.”
*** 
Still wrapped in Ryan’s strong arms, Samantha shared a smile with Hannah across the dance floor. A warm glow settled within her. She felt protected. Strange how the one man she’d always thought would hurt her was the one man who made her feel safe. For the moment, all was right with the world.
The music stopped and her cocoon unraveled as Ryan released her. An announcement was made for the participants of the bachelor slave auction to come up to the stage. Ryan, Jake, and several minor celebrities were called.
Jake came up to Ryan with Hannah on his arm. “What the hell is going on?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t volunteer, that’s for damn sure,” answered Ryan.
Samantha scanned the room and quickly spotted some of Ryan and Jake’s teammates in the throes of a laughing fit. She tapped Ryan’s shoulder and pointed to the culprits.
“Oh, they’ll pay for this,” said Jake.
Hannah patted his cheek. “Don’t worry, honey, I brought my American Express card. Never leave home without it.”
Jake wore a look of relief.
“How about you?” Ryan asked.
“I couldn’t afford this dinner, never mind your going rate,” said Samantha.
“I’d pay you back.”
“I can’t, the gossip-”
“You didn’t seem too concerned with that a minute ago when you pressed your body up against mine.”
Samantha drew in a sharp breath, but he was right. Still, she couldn’t add fuel to the fire. “I can’t,” she said softly.
“You’re really going to let another woman buy me?”
“Or a man,” Jake interjected. “With this crowd you never know.”
“Great, Just great.”
Samantha looked at the floor as Ryan and Jake made their way up to the stage.
The auction passed quickly and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves, whooping and laughing at each bid. Everyone except Samantha, and if the tight smile on his face was any indication, Ryan. Hannah squealed in delight when she got Jake for twenty-five hundred. Then a couple of hundred dollars here and a couple of thousand later and it was Ryan’s turn on the block.
Samantha held her breath before expelling it in a whoosh. The woman who’d been sitting next to Ryan earlier started the bidding at a thousand dollars. “Hannah, who’s that?”
“She’s my competition. Lily.” Hannah flipped her hair. “Sickening, isn’t she?”
“Yes, sickening.” Her stomach clenched.
“Remember, he left her sitting alone to claim you from that toad.”
“Two thousand,” shouted Teddy, a famous fashion designer.
From the stage, Ryan gave her a severe look. But she couldn’t bid for him. No way.
Lily screamed out, “Twenty-five hundred.” Then she smiled over at Samantha and mouthed, “He’s mine.”
Samantha itched with jealousy. She couldn’t let Lily have him - or any woman. “Hannah,” she pleaded.
“Three thousand.” A hush fell over the crowd at the highest bid of the night.
“Going once, twice, sold to Hannah Hahn,” shouted the auctioneer.
Samantha grabbed Hannah’s arm and whispered into her ear. “Thanks, Hannah. Ryan will pay you back.”
“No. No. He’s my present to you. Do what you wish with him.”
“But that defeats the whole purpose.”
“No one has to know. But makes sure he knows he has to do everything you say for a whole night. Now let me go and claim my prizes. Jake doesn’t look too happy, does he? Oh, well.”
Samantha hung back as Hannah sauntered up to Ryan and Jake, giving them both a hug and kiss before posing for a picture.
The rest of the night went downhill. Ryan seemed put off by Samantha not bidding. Jake seemed mad at Hannah for not only bidding on Ryan, but for paying a higher price.
While they waited outside for the limo, Jake and Hannah continued the argument.
“What’s the big deal?” asked Hannah.
“The guys are gonna think I can’t satisfy you. That you need two men.”
Hannah flipped her scarf over her shoulder. “Like you never had two girls at once.”
Samantha’s hand flew to her mouth so she wouldn’t laugh. But it wasn’t a laughing matter. Their fight was all her fault.
The limo pulled up and she said good-bye to Ryan, said she was sorry to Jake and climbed into the limo. Hannah snubbed them both and followed Samantha without a word.
“Hannah, I’m sorry. I didn’t even think about how Jake would feel.”
Hannah examined her nails in the dim light. “Men can be such babies! He’ll get it over it.”
The limo dropped them off. Samantha watched as the limo drove off, half expecting it to turn into a pumpkin. It didn’t. Either way her Cinderella night was over.
*** 
The next day, Samantha stopped by the paper. The stares and snickers of her co-workers greeted her. What the hell was going on? She dropped her purse on the desk with a thud and turned on the computer.
“Jameson, get in here, now!” Mike’s voiced boomed throughout the newsroom.
Samantha took a deep breath before heading to her boss’s office. “What’s up?” Sensing he didn’t summon her for a ‘you’re doing a great job’ pep talk, she closed the door.
“You tell me.” Mike handed her the morning edition already opened to the gossip page.
Her faced flamed and her hands shook slightly as she zeroed in on the full-colored picture. The photographer couldn’t have picked a better opportunity. Ryan had just dipped her on the dance floor. He was smiling down at her and she was… well… she was practically falling out of her dress. She’d been so wrapped up in the moment she hadn’t remembered a flash.
Instead of the deep shame she should’ve felt, she almost giggled like a tween. She and Ryan looked hot. Like they belonged together. Like a couple.
She heard Mike clear his throat.
Samantha raised her head and met his eyes. “So, I’m dancing. What’s the big deal?”
“Didn’t you read the copy?”
“Um… ” Samantha looked down at the paper again. Oh, my God.
Samantha James, a sports reporter with this paper and Ryan Terell of the NY Cougars cut a rug at the annual Tomorrow’s Children Benefit. It seems Samantha puts in ‘Overtime’ - on and off the field.
Samantha should’ve been devastated, but instead she was pissed. “I can’t believe my own paper, the one that I got kidnapped for, would print this shit about me.” She threw the paper at her boss.
Mike took a step back. “I have no control over the rag branch of this paper. Besides, you’re in The Post, too.”
“My personal life is no one’s business.”
“But Terell’s is. I can’t have my reporters becoming the news.”
“Look, my roommate dragged me to this thing, since we all know you don’t pay me enough to go on my own. Hannah goes out with Miller, and where Miller is, Terell is.”
“Fair enough,” admitted Mike.
“You bet it is.” Samantha turned around to walk out of his office, but turned back and added, “And by the way, when I was wasn’t putting in ‘OT’ with Terell, I found out Burner may be on steroids.”
“I’m impressed.”
Samantha didn’t say anything. She didn’t have to. She made Mike do a 180, and dance to her tune.



Chapter 11

“I’m home.” Samantha tossed her keys onto the glass dining room table. Clank. She winced, praying she hadn’t chipped it. Taking a closer look, she noticed among the mess laid the city’s top newspapers, all opened to the gossip pages. She sat down in the pink, velvet club chair before picking up the top one, reading the copy accompanying the photo. Then she picked up the next one.
Wearing a plush, white robe, Hannah breezed through the room on her way to the kitchen. “I bought all of them. I thought you could show your kids one day.”
“Kids?” Her eyebrows shot up.
Walking back into the room with two cups of coffee, Hannah offered her one and asked, “Are you okay?” She settled into the chair opposite her.
Samantha inhaled the scent and took a sip. Despite everything, she was okay. So what if people thought she wanted to score more than a story? The people that mattered knew the truth. Her family. Her friends. Ryan. So what if her editor yelled at her? No one got hurt. Nobody died. She was starting to put things in perspective. “I’m fine.” She took another sip. “You know what this means, don’t you?” she asked seriously.
Hannah frowned. “No.”
“That our little lesbian affair is over.”
Hannah dramatically placed the back of her hand on her forehead. “The woman is always the last to know.” They shared a laugh. When the giggles subsided Hannah said, “I can’t believe there’s no photo of me in here. I bought not one but two totally hot football players.” She flipped through the pages. “No mention at all,” she added with a sulk. “What’s a girl gotta do?”
“Become a sportswriter then promptly get caught dancing with the hottest guy on the team.”
“Second hottest. Thank you very much.”
Samantha smiled. “We’re not going to fight about this. Are we?”
“I’m just saying…” Hannah let the comment hang in the air. “He sent me a text at two a.m.”
“So you made up.”
Hannah tilted her head. “I haven’t decided yet.”
“Well, I got a deadline and I don’t need to give Mike another reason to fire me.”
“Let him fire you.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“What I mean is, sports writing is beneath you. With your experience you should be covering the UN or even the White House.”
She had no idea Hannah felt that way. Is that what her colleagues thought? Her family? Ryan?
“Besides, then it wouldn’t be a problem for you and Ryan.”
She should’ve known Hannah had an ulterior motive. Between her mother and her friend, Samantha couldn’t decide who was the Matchmaking Queen. Her cell’s ring-tone filled the room. She checked the screen. Hannah’s opposition for the title waited on the other end. “Hi, Mom.”
“Why do I have to find out from the paper you’re dating Ryan?”
No - hello Samantha. No - how are you? “Because we’re not actually dating.” She mouthed the word help to Hannah, who smiled into her coffee.
“He took you to dinner.”
“We met there.”
“And the dancing?”
“Well…” Yeah, that was a little harder to explain.
“Uh, uh, just as I thought.”
“Don’t get any ideas.” Needing fortification, she gulped down her coffee like a shot.
“I cut out the pictures, you can show your children one day. Hopefully, in the near future.”
“Mom.” Samantha glared at her roommate. She put her hand over the speaker and whispered, “Have you been talking to my mother?” Hannah vehemently shook her head.
“When are you bringing him to dinner?”
“I wasn’t planning to.”
“Your father says there’s no game this week, so bring him Sunday. He can help the boys with the outside.”
“But--”
“One o’clock. In the meantime, I’ll work on your father.”
The line went dead and she snapped the phone shut.
“Oh, she’s good,” said Hannah.
Samantha agreed, silently awarding the title to her mother. God help her if they ever joined forces. Her cell rang again. “It’s Ryan,” she informed Hannah, who was enjoying this way too much.
“Hello.”
“Hey, babe. My agent has fielded calls from reporters and I want to get our story straight.”
“Our story?”
“Yeah, are we sticking to the just friends crap?”
Babe? Our? Crap? I suppose I should be happy he thought to call. “How about, no comment?”
“Sure, if that’s the way you want to play it.”
Samantha heard a hint of disappointment in his voice, but then he continued, “Did your boss yell at you?”
She bit her lip, touched by his concern. “Mike’s a pussycat compared to my former editor.”
“I didn’t mean for any of this to happen.”
“I know.”
“Good.” There was a slight pause. “Was Hannah serious about me being your slave for a day?”
“Quite serious, and I was thinking twelve on Sunday would work.”
“Where’re we going?”
“You’ll see,” she added, a hint of mystery in her voice.
“I don’t like the sound of that.”
“Wear your work clothes.”
“My uniform?”
“You know what I mean.”
“I’m afraid I do.”
Samantha dared a glance at Hannah as she flipped the phone closed.
Hannah wore a smug look and then added her patented arched eyebrow. “Taking him to meet the parents, are you?”
“Cute. But Ryan’s been to their house a dozen times.”
“Can I design your wedding dress?”
Why did nobody listen to her? “You people are giving me a headache.”
Hannah hummed the wedding march as Samantha got up to go lie down. Despite the coffee, she desperately needed a nap. To hell with the deadline.
*** 
This isn’t what he had in mind. It really wasn’t. The Jameson’s rambling, three story Victorian stood before him. The house was painted a cream white with green shutters and always made him feel welcome. Except now. Inside his head, the house screamed, ‘Get Out’, like he was in the middle of some horror flick.
He’d been there plenty of times over the years, but always as Patrick’s friend. Now he was here as Samantha’s boyfriend. At least, that’s what he thought he was here as. Then he noticed the huge oak trees in the backyard. Huge oak trees with no leaves.
“Are you coming?”
He looked up at Samantha, who was already halfway up the car-filled driveway. The brown jeans hugged her body like the chocolate shell of a hand-dipped ice cream cone. She could still pass for a college student in the Notre Dame sweatshirt she wore. The devious twinkle in her eyes told him the real reason why he was here. The annual Jameson Autumn Work Party. “A smart man would turn tail and run.”
“And yet, here you are,” she said playfully.
He enjoyed the rear view as they continued up the driveway. “You pulled the old bait and switch on me.”
“Oh, so you’d rather be playing Candy Land with that model…what was her name?”
“I think it was some kind of flower.” Like he could remember anything with her curvy hips and gorgeous ass swaying back and forth.
“Whatever.”
Samantha’s male relations leaned on their rakes and eyed him with interest. Did he get caught ogling? Samantha headed for the side entrance and he gripped her arm, swinging her into his arms. “Whoa, whoa. Where do you think you’re going?” Remembering their audience, he released his hold and took a step back.
“Kitchen duty.”
“That’s a bit sexist. Don’t you think?”
“Are you insinuating that cooking isn’t as hard as yard duty?”
“I wasn’t insinuating. I’m saying it straight out.”
Samantha put a finger to his chest. “Talk like that will not get you a piece of my mother’s apple pie.”
“You really know how to shut a guy up.”
“Go bond with the other males.” She pointed to her father and brothers who waved at him.
“Terell, get your sorry ass out here,” yelled Patrick.
“Yeah, so he can kick it,” said Ryan to Samantha.
She turned toward the house, deserting him in his hour of need.
Thirty minutes later, he raked, while Samantha’s father and brothers supervised from lawn chairs while drinking beers.
“Be careful you don’t blister your hands, pretty boy,” said Patrick.
Ryan didn’t mind doing all the work. He didn’t even mind the ribbing. But he desperately wanted to be over there hanging out with them. Like he was part of the family.
“You missed a spot,” said Sean.
“Man, this beer is going down real smooth,” said Samantha’s father.
Ryan let it roll off his shoulders. At least they didn’t seem angry over the photo. Maybe, this was their way of punishing him. Or maybe they were setting him up for the bigger kill.
“When you’re done with that you can separate them by color.” Laughter broke out.
“Are they picking on you?”
Ryan looked up to see a smiling Samantha at the edge of the patio.
“Just having fun, little sis,” said Patrick.
“You better hope I don’t tell Mom. Dinner is ready.” As her brothers and father passed her, she said to Ryan, “Are you coming?”
“I’m finishing up. Gotta earn my keep.”
She walked into the yard and kicked at a pile of leaves.
“Hey! Hannah paid 3K for me to rake that.”
“Donated.”
“Still, I bet Jake isn’t raking leaves.”
Samantha patted Ryan’s cheek. “Poor Ry, Ry.”
Ryan lifted her off the grass and tumbled her to the soft pile. Before she could catch her breath their lips met. The sound of leaves crinkling and cracking as he pressed his body against hers surrounded him. They sunk deeper into the pile. He lifted his head and licked his lips. “Mmm, you taste like cinnamon and apples.”
“I sneaked a piece of apple pie.”
“Bad girl.” He knew he should get up, but, damn, she felt so good beneath him. Damn good. “I’ve worked up an appetite out here, I could use another taste.”
“You don’t taste, you consume.”
“I think I told you once before I have a very large appetite.” He kissed her again, but this time slowly, with more finesse. He savored her like a connoisseur of lips. He nibbled, then licked, then slowly swirled his tongue with hers, until he felt her tremble. He wanted to kiss her everywhere until she begged him to devour her. She pressed her hips into him and he nearly plunged his tongue deep into her mouth the way he wanted to plunge into her softness.
From faraway he heard the screen door slam and her nephew yelling, “Ryan is kissing Aunt Sami!’
After leisurely ending the kiss, he said, “I’m in real trouble now.”
“You’re a big boy.”
“You can feel that, huh?”
She playfully shoved his shoulder. “That’s not what I meant, but yeah you are.”
He helped her up, resisting the temptation to pull her into his arms. Instead, he removed a red leaf out of her tousled hair. She smiled shyly as she smoothed the wild strands back into place. Ryan’s breath caught in his throat. Autumn sun shimmered about her face, creating a halo effect. Her eyes sparkled like champagne. His mind reeled. Was the rosy glow tingeing her cheeks a blush or from the cold? He had to know and reached out, his fingers brushing across her face. Hot. A blush. A soft breeze lit the air bringing a flood of warmth into his heart. Ryan knew he’d fallen in love. He pushed out a breath.
Samantha took his arm and pulled him toward the house. “Come on, it won’t be so bad.”
Oh yes, it will. Then he realized she referred to her waiting family and not this sudden affliction. Love was not in his playbook.
Ryan steeled himself as he held the door for Samantha. He didn’t know what to expect. Different scenarios played in his head, from being asked to leave, to being poisoned. Where was his offensive line when he really needed them? In the kitchen, Samantha’s mother rushed about putting the final touches on dinner. Samantha’s nieces and nephews were singing at full volume. Ryan and Samantha sitting in tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G. They hit the word marriage and Ryan had visions of a shotgun wedding. It didn’t scare him, though. The fact that he wouldn’t mind - now, that scared him.
“Hello, Mrs. Jameson.”
“Ryan, go wash your hands. You, too, Samantha.” Beaming from ear to ear, she patted Samantha on the cheek.
At least, Samantha’s mother seemed happy. In fact, she looked over the moon about it. At least he could rule out being poisoned. Now all he had to worry about was the gun Patrick carried.
Samantha squirted soap into his hand, then into her own. The intimacy of the moment had him fighting the urge to take her hands in his. At the same time they both went to rinse. When they touched, she looked up at him and smiled. Rooted to the spot by the sink he continued to stare at her beautiful face while the water flowed onto his hands. Then she spritzed him in the face with both of her un-dried hands. “Don’t stress.”
“Hey.” He grinned, loving this playful side of her. “Easy for you to say.” She handed him a paper towel.
“I’ll protect you.”
Ryan took the open seat next to Samantha. The family said grace together and after the Amen the plates of pork roast, coleslaw, corn, green beans, gravy, biscuits, and mashed potatoes were passed around the table. It looked like an extra workout was in his future.
“Shouldn’t we say a prayer for Ryan?” Patrick asked as he plopped a large dollop of mashed potatoes on his plate.
“Whatever for?” asked Mrs. Jameson.
“That his nose doesn’t break when I punch him later.”
“Save the big brother act,” said Samantha, waving her knife around.
Ryan’s heart swelled. With Samantha on his team, he didn’t need his offensive line. Dinner conversation flowed between sports, politics, and how good the food was.
Growing up in this family must’ve been an ideal childhood. He’d been lucky enough to have dinners here over the years, but though they always made him feel welcome, in truth he was only a spectator. They didn’t know how lucky they were, it all seemed so natural for them. When one was in trouble the rest ran to help. Who would he call? His agent? Like he would care if he wasn’t getting his ten percent. His teammates were more like frat brothers than the true blood kind. Ryan helped the women clear the dishes. Patrick called him a brown-noser, which earned him the evil eye from Mrs. Jameson. Of course, Patrick had it all wrong. He wasn’t brown-nosing - he was hiding behind the apron strings of the women. The family sat back down for dessert.
“Ryan, do you want your slice ala’ mode?”
He preferred it ala’ Samantha, like their kiss, but wisely kept that to himself. “No thank you, your apple pie doesn’t need anything with it.”
Her mother smiled as she served him.
“Oh, brother,” said Sean, the other brother.
“Why does he get the biggest slice?” Patrick pointed to his plate then to Ryan’s.
“Because she’s trying to get Sami married off,” said Sean.
“Think she’d give up by now,” said Patrick.
“Hey!” Samantha slapped her brother’s arm.
Dessert was quickly consumed. The men vanished, pulling Ryan into the den. The kids ran back outside, itching to jump in the piles of leaves.
*** 
In the kitchen, Samantha wondered if Ryan was doing okay. Her father and brothers were warned by her mother to leave him alone, but Samantha still worried. Glad for the mindless task of drying the pots, she half-listened to the chatter of her two sisters.
“Is he a good kisser?” asked her sister Colleen, the nun.
The pot slipped out of Samantha’s hand. Clang. She picked it up and continued drying, ignoring the question.
Her mother turned from the sink and looked her directly in the eye. “Well?”
“Or course, he is. He’s had a lot of practice.”
Her other sister, Erin, took the pot from Samantha’s grip. “He’s in love with you.”
Samantha snorted. Her mom turned off the faucet and began drying her hands with a Kiss Me I’m Irish hand towel. “Even if you tried to discount the way he looks at you, Ryan’s down the hall in your father’s study getting the third degree. A man doesn’t go through that, unless he’s serious.” Her mom gently placed her hand on Samantha’s cheek. “Unless he’s in love.”
Samantha bowed her head in thought. Ryan in love? With her? She frowned.
Erin smacked her with a towel. “Why so glum, sis? He loves you, you love him.”
Her head snapped up. “I do NOT love him.”
“Who was all set to go to Columbia University when Patrick brought Ryan home for Thanksgiving?” asked Colleen.
“And whose Notre Dame application was in the mail the following Monday?” added Erin.
“So, I thought he was hot.”
Colleen said, “Was? The man could pose for Michelangelo.”
“You need to go back to nun school.”
“Just appreciating God’s work.”
Samantha shook her head at her sister. “I’m going to go save Ryan.”
“You mean, save yourself,” said Erin.
As she walked down the hallway, Samantha wondered what the hell was going on in her father’s study. She stopped at the door. Silence. Curious, she put her ear to the wall next to the doorframe. Then, laughter broke out, startling her. So much for getting the third degree.
They were silent as they walked to the car. Ryan held the door open and Samantha slid inside. After getting in, he turned on the heat, rubbing his hands together trying to get warm. “That went well.”
Samantha laughed. “What happened in the den?”
“Man stuff.”
“Come on, tell me.”
“I assured the males of your family that my intentions are honorable.”
“Oh.”
He turned onto the highway, leading back to the city. “So, my place or yours?”
“Yours.” She wondered what the males in her family would say about that.
*** 
Ryan tried to see his apartment through Samantha’s eyes. The foyer led into a big open space, containing the living, dining, and kitchen areas. Two black leather couches, a fifty-inch 3-D television with all the audio man toys hung from the wall, and a white shag area rug made up the living room. Lights from the city shone off the glass table in the darkened dining room. The stainless steel kitchen looked like it belonged in a five star restaurant.
No family pictures hung from the wall because he didn’t have any. No personal items lay strewn about. Ryan wasn’t the type to hold onto things. One never knew when it would be taken away.
He always thought his apartment was sleek. Cool. But gazing at Samantha standing by the window, beautiful and full of life, now made his place seem stark. Cold.
“Nice view.”
He walked over. Instead of looking out, he cupped her cheek. “I’ll say.” He leaned forward and brushed her lips with his. “The view is better from my bedroom.”
“Show me,” her voice soft and sultry.
Not taking his eyes off of her intent gaze, he picked her up, carried her to his bed, and gently placed her down.
He slowly stripped off his shirt, enjoying Samantha’s appreciative gaze heating his skin. Her eyes like whiskey, drinking him in. He shed the rest of his clothes.
“When did you get the tattoo?”
He continued to stand there, liking the way she looked in his bed. Like she belonged there. “Rookie season,” he said absently.
She reached out, tracing the star burst pattern around his navel with her delicate finger. His abs flexed under her touch and he heard her suck in her breath.
Joining her on the bed, he said, “Let’s get you naked.”
He stripped each item off and tossed them one by one to the four corners of his room. “You’re already wet for me.” He dipped a finger in, pulled it back out, and brought it to his mouth for a taste. “Mmmm, so sweet.”
“Ryan.”
“Not yet. First, the appetizer.” His slow, deep, passionate kisses left no doubt on how he would proceed. His tongue traced a path along her lips before sliding down to her neck.
“Ryan.” She withered beneath him.
Kissing, licking, biting, he pressed down onto her so she couldn’t move, which made her struggle more. “Now the main course.”
“Yes.” She placed her hands on his head and pushed him down.
But he would not be rushed. Her perfect breasts begged to be sucked. He clamped his mouth down and sucked hard, while twirling his tongue around the nipple. The other breast received the same attention. Her frantic movements nearly undid him. Her hands pushed down on his shoulders. But she should be careful what she wished for. He planned the same assault on her pussy. His lips feathered down her, passing her sex to kiss her inner thighs. Her body arched.
He latched on to her clit and sucked, then licked, then swirled, and then alternated between the three. Her violent climax came on suddenly.
Grabbing a condom from the nightstand, he slid it on. His cock harder, bigger than he’d ever remembered. He wanted to drive into her, hard, but took slow breaths to calm himself. Her body glistened with sweat and heaved with aftershocks. He did this to her. And he wasn’t done yet.
Ryan entered her with agonizing slowness. Her body quaked around him. His cock throbbed, demanding to be unchained. But his mind – his his heart, held back.
Deep, hard, torturous strokes. She begged him to go faster. His cocked begged too. This time her climax built slowly. Her nails ripped into his back. He welcomed the pain; it helped him stay focused as she continued to climb before reaching the peak and crying out his name. Now he was the one who felt on top of the world.
He nuzzled her neck, and rolled onto his back, taking her with him. Then nearly came when her wetness dripped down his cock. Cradling her in his arms, he caressed her back until her breathing evened and she raised herself up. Her eyes shone with pleasure. He gripped her hips tightly so she couldn’t move. He thrust up and hard into her. Once, twice, three, times.
“No, my turn,” she whimpered.
He couldn’t refuse her. Not this time. Her desperation became his desperation. He loosened his grip on her hips and she took charge, riding him like she was trying to break a world record. Her fingers dug into the muscles of his forearms, keeping herself anchored and upright. Her moans filled the room and his soul. Samantha tightened around him. She was close. So was he.
His vision dimmed and he looked up at her one last time before the passion blinded him for good. So beautiful and wild. And his. The screams of her release took him over the edge of reality. Blind and insane.



Chapter 12

Ryan stared at the ceiling while Samantha slept. He concentrated on moving his legs, and then rolled into a sitting position, holding back a groan as his muscles protested. With the years of playing football taking its toll on his body, he ached like this every morning. His knees, back, neck…what didn’t hurt? He looked down at his morning erection and smiled. Yeah, now that doesn’t hurt a bit. He glanced at the alarm clock. 5:00 a.m. Three hours until practice.
“Ryan, you okay?” mumbled Samantha.
He froze at the sound of her voice. He didn’t want her to see him this way. Bent and crippled, unable to tie his own shoelaces. Helpless until his knees cooperated. Would she think him any less of a man? Or stupid for not retiring years ago? What if she used it for a story, for his coaches to see and worse yet, the opposing team? “Yeah, I’m fine. Go back to sleep, it’s still early.”
“But I’m hungry.”
He leaned over and stroked her cheek. “Whose fault is that?” His stomach growled.
“It takes two, honey.”
Ryan smiled. “Well, the deli doesn’t open for another hour.”
Samantha grumpily turned over, yanking the covers with her. “Think a girl could get breakfast served in bed.”
“I’m on it.” Ryan looked down at his knees. Just a few more minutes, then he could get up and whip up some eggs. He kind of liked the idea. Hell, he’d serve her breakfast in bed every morning if it meant she spent the night. He stood slowly. He thought it would take a crane to get him off the playing field. Three broken bones, two knee surgeries, and a hundred stitches later, he wondered how much longer he could run onto the football field. Most players talk about going out while on top, but how many actually do it? He would. He had no choice. Ryan battered his body until he had nothing left to give.
He took a detour to the whirlpool, carefully sliding his body into the swirling hot water. To an observer his body looked in top form - shaped and sculpted flesh. He thought the scars from his stitches and surgeries marred him, but he knew from experience that chicks really did dig scars.
Hunger brought him reluctantly out of the whirlpool. He eased on his sweats. Finally, his muscles were beginning to relax and stretch. Before going to the kitchen he checked on Samantha. At first he panicked when he saw the empty bed, then heard the running water. An erotic picture of Samantha wet and soapy, touching herself, formed in his mind. He grabbed his cock and rubbed at it, trying to ease the ache. But there was only one way to fix that. Breakfast would have to wait. He followed the trail of rumpled sheets to the bathroom.
*** 
Samantha was hesitant to wash away Ryan’s touch, but the spray of the six-head shower eased the soreness in her muscles. It took her a good five minutes to figure out how the futuristic control panel worked. Men and their toys.
She ran the soap along her body, tracing the trail of kisses Ryan had feathered across her. So many kisses, until he had her pleading, no begging, to take her. Even when he finally did, he took his time. Slow, deep strokes – so different than before. It wasn’t sex; it wasn’t lust. It was that other L word. Say it, Samantha. Love.
Despite the hot steam, she shivered as a sudden chill swept through her.
Closing her eyes, she raised the soap to her nose and inhaled deeply. The smell of him, woodsy and male, hung in the air. It brought back the memory of their first kiss. Maybe, she would buy herself a bar, so whenever she used it she would think of him. She turned it around, trying to determine the brand, but the emblem had already been washed away. She could take this one. Like you would in a hotel. His place certainly looked like one. Ryan didn’t even have a trophy wall up like many sport stars did, never mind the photos or accessories like a normal person would have. Why?
The shower door opened abruptly. Startled, she dropped the soap.
“I was right, you do need my help.”
Even though the shower could fit four easily, she backed up as he got in and picked up the soap. “Um…” Having never showered with someone before, Samantha instinctively crossed her arms over her breasts.
“Stop hogging the water,” complained Ryan.
Feeling foolish, she dropped her arms and moved over so he could get wet. And so she could enjoy the view. Catching a peek in the locker room couldn’t compare to this. With the water cascading over his rippling muscles, he looked like a fountain created by Michelangelo.
Then he ruined the effect by sweeping his hand along the top of his head, smattering Samantha with water.
“Thanks a lot,” she sputtered.
“Always thought of you as bath type of girl.”
“I was eyeing your tub, but I don’t have enough time.”
Still holding the soap, he waved it in the air. “Better get to it then.”
“Get to…oh.”
Ryan’s soapy hands roamed her body freely, like he was the sculptor and she was his creation. “Like the soap?”
He expected her to put together a coherent sentence? To talk? “Smells. Good,” she stuttered.
“I’m glad you like it.” His slippery hands began to concentrate on her breasts.
“What’s it called?” Oh man, she was going to have the cleanest breasts on the planet.
“Prey, it’s from my line of men’s product.”
Prey? Adeptly named. Not only ensnared in his trap, she wasn’t even thinking about escaping. “I didn’t know that,” she choked out.
“There’s lots of things you don’t know about me,” he whispered. After placing the soap on the ledge, he gently turned her towards the spray. “Like how good I am at water sports.”
Ryan kissed and lightly bit her neck. One hand tugged at her nipple, while the other took her hand in his, and traced along the curve of her hip, across the navel, and down. He used two of her fingers to separate the folds of her sex so the pulsating water hit her sensitive nub. Her orgasm rippled through her slowly at first, then he spread her fingers wider, and a tidal wave shook her body as he held her safely in his arms.
Taking the soap from the ledge he held out her hand and dropped it onto her palm. “My turn.”
She blinked. He expected her to stand on her own? To wash him? She worked up a lather and began massaging his back. Her fingers dug into his muscles, bending them to her will. He groaned as she reached his rear, lightly racing a finger along the divide. She kneaded his tight butt, giving it the same attention he spent on her breasts. She reluctantly moved onto his legs, massaging his upper thighs, feeling him tense as she missed touching his erection. Done with his backside, she inflicted a sharp smack on his butt. “Turn around.”
“Ow! Samantha!”
“Turn around or you’ll get another.”
“Maybe, I want another.” He looked over his shoulder with a devilish grin.
She laughed and smacked him again. “I don’t have all day.”
He faced her and placed his hands on her hips, pressing her closer to his hard-on. “Hmm, that didn’t seem to be the case when you were washing my ass.”
“That’s because its sooooo big!”
“Hey, this ass was voted the cutest butt in the NFL, by femalefan.com.”
“Wow, did you get a trophy?” she asked sarcastically.
“Not even a certificate.”
She lathered up his chest and then followed the trail of dripping suds down to his abs. The foaming soap gathered at his manhood, which she took into her hand. Staring mischievously into his eyes, she said, “Now this is…”
“You better not say cute,” he growled.
“Massive.” She stroked his hardness. The burning look in his eyes emboldened her. She stroked again. “Majestic.” And then again. “Magnificent.”
“Samantha,” he gasped. His hands gripped her hips tightly, his head coming to rest on her shoulders.
She reveled in her power to make him go weak. With each word and caress he jerked forward. As a writer she was armed with an extensive vocabulary so the torture went on and on. He began to shake as she tightened her grip and increased the pace. His head became heavy on her shoulder and she didn’t know if she could support his weight. Then, he picked her up roughly. Her hot body shivered as he pushed her against the cool tiles and entered her.
His loud groan echoed off the walls of the shower. “You’re a naughty girl, Samantha.”
She opened her eyes and looked down at where their bodies joined. Soapy and wet, her body hummed with expectation. She inched him in deeper as her gaze met his. “Only for you.”
He pulled at her hair. “Damn, straight, only me.” He sucked on her neck as he began to thrust in and out. Hard. Deep. Fast. Yes! She knew Ryan had lost all control and she reveled in it.
“Only me,” he growled out before they both shouted out their release in unison.
This time it wasn’t about lovemaking; it was pure lust. Lucky was the girl who could have both.
He sat down, pulling her onto his lap. He twined his arms around her as the water continued to pulse down on them.
Samantha relaxed into him. As the haze lifted, she realized they had used no protection. She began to panic. Ryan nuzzled her neck and whispered into her ear. “Move in.”
*** 
Did he say that out loud? From the way Samantha froze in his arms, he must have. Real smooth, Ryan. She struggled to stand. He dropped his hands to the side before he pulled her back down. He bit his lip while she showered off. Kept his cool as she got out without a word or a backwards glance.
He let the water pound down on him for a minute. Being ignored didn’t sit well, but it was obvious she needed to mull it over. Of course, he couldn’t let her have too much time. Samantha had a tendency to over analyze, conjuring up worse case scenarios. He stood. Yeah, can’t let her have too much time to think. Ryan grabbed a towel from the shelf and wrapped it around his waist.
After wiping away the steam on the mirror with a sweep of his hand, he took a long hard look at himself. He rubbed his fingers across the stubble on his chin. God, he needed a shave. Or maybe he needed a new face. Man, I’m getting old. Where was the young rookie that used to gaze back at him? Not that he’d trade places with him. That kid didn’t know shit.
But did Samantha still see him as a dumb jock? Is that why she acted like she didn’t hear him? No, not like she didn’t hear him. It was more like she didn’t know how to let him down easy. Maybe she’d been slumming it. Pet the big dumb jock.
Now he was the one coming up with worse case scenarios.
He strode into the bedroom with the towel low on his hips and another wrapped around his neck. Samantha was already dressed, sitting on his bed. She wore the same brown jeans as yesterday, but opted for one his buttoned down striped shirts in yellow, which picked up the gold in her light brown eyes. Those same eyes stared at the v of his abdomen, right where the towel stopped and his bare skin started. Then her gaze met his. She swallowed hard and he hoped it was because of what was under the towel and not because she couldn’t get out the words, ‘it’s over’.
She pulled at the shirt. “I hope you don’t mind. Mine’s a bit, well…and I don’t like leaving in the same clothes. Seems kind of trampy.”
“Is that how I make you feel?” He’d feel like crap if it did.
“No!”
He sat down next to her. “Look, forget I asked.”
She leaped off the bed as if he set fire to it. “It’s too fast. Only two weeks since we’ve seen each other again.” She paced the floor. “Only a month since I’ve been back from Iraq.”
“I understand.”
She stopped and faced him. “Do you?”
He took the towel from around his neck and threw it into the corner. “Yeah, I get it. It was stupid of me to ask that of you.”
“It’s not stupid. It’s sweet.”
“No, it was selfish.” He reached out for her, taking her delicate hands in his. Unspoken words of love nearly choked him. If he thought it would make a difference, he’d tell her. But she wasn’t ready to hear it. Face it; I’m not ready to say it. He didn’t even mean to say ‘move in’. It popped out of nowhere. Well, not from nowhere, sitting there in the shower with her wrapped up in his arms, he felt truly happy, completely at peace, and he wanted the moment to last forever. But she had issues that were deeper than the reporter and the athlete. He turned her palms up and ran his forefinger along the lines. He wished he could read those lines and know what her future held - if he was in it.
Samantha took her hand and cupped his chin, lifting it so he could meet her eyes. “I’m sorry I freaked out.”
“Just don’t shut down on me.”
She tried to pull away, but he placed his hand over hers. “See, you’re doing it again.”
“I…”
“You don’t have to run from me. Talk to me, Samantha. About Iraq. Trust me.”
“I…”
Ryan waited patiently, watching her mind at work, going through each angle, then discarding it, and moving onto the next. Her cell’s ring-tone filled the air and she turned towards the sound. Feeling defeated, he released her and she ran to answer it. Or to run away from him. She walked into the bathroom as she flipped the phone open.
He got up, grabbed some clothes, and mindlessly put them on. Man, he was tired. He contemplated skipping practice. As Samantha emerged from the bathroom, he could tell something was wrong. “What’s the matter?”
“Hannah broke up with Jake. She’s crying…I gotta go.”
“Sure, we okay?”
“Yup. But you owe me breakfast.” She pointed a finger at him.
“Any time. Samantha?”
She looked up at him.
“If Hannah broke up with Jake, then why is she crying?”
*** 
Samantha wondered the same thing as she raced back to the apartment they shared, which kept her from dwelling on Ryan’s move in proposal.
She found Hannah sprawled out on her bed. A box of tissues sat on her chest. “Thank God you’re here.”
Samantha sat down on the bed and reached for Hannah’s hand. “What happened?”
“God made men jerks,” she cried.
Worry gripped her. Hannah was known for her theatrics, but this seemed different, like the real thing. “Hannah, tell me what happened.”
“I got a huge offer from Playboy,” she sniffed. “The cover.” She blew her nose. “I was on top of the world until Jake made me feel like I belonged in the gutter instead.”
Samantha slouched in relief. Hannah and Jake could work this out. “What did he say, exactly?”
“That only wanna-bees and has-beens do Playboy. That I was too good for that.”
“Let me get this straight. You broke up with him because he thinks you’re too good to be in a skin magazine?”
“You don’t understand. You weren’t there.” Hannah pounded the pillow. “He FORBIDS me to do it.”
“He actually used that word?”
“Yes. He also said,” her voice lowered, “No woman of my mine…,” she went back to her normal voice, “I don’t even know what he said after that. I was so pissed.” Hannah gulped in some air. “I told him to take his archaic views on women and shove them up his ass. Then I kicked him out.”
Realizing Hannah didn’t want to hear any rational arguments, Samantha said, “Good for you.”
Hannah sat up in bed and hugged Samantha tight. “Thanks.” She wiped the wetness from her face. “I have a night photo shoot and I’m going to look like I’m from the Night of the Living Dead.”
“You look beautiful.”
Hannah sniffed, “Do not.”
Samantha took her over to the mirror and pulled back her hair. “See, you don’t look so bad. You could do a commercial. Looking good after a good cry.”
Hannah laughed. “Samantha, that’s so lame, and you claim to be a writer.”
“Oh, and what would you say.”
“When looking ‘fine’ is the best revenge.” Hannah struck a model pose. They both laughed and hugged. “I’m so glad you’re living here.”
Samantha turned serious. “Ryan asked me to move in.”
Hannah stood back and grabbed Samantha’s forearms. “But that’s great!”
“I didn’t say yes.”
“What? I can’t believe I’m hearing this.”
Samantha shook her head. “Who just said God made men jerks?”
“Well, maybe it’s more like I pick jerks,” admitted Hannah.
“You do it on purpose so you don’t have get too close.”
Hannah released her and backed away. “Look’s who talking.”
“It’s too soon.”
“Not soon enough if you ask me. The man is crazy in love with you.”
She hoped so because she might be crazy in love with him. But moving in? How would they ever keep that a secret?
*** 
They were halfway through practice and Jake hadn’t said anything to him. Hadn’t spoken to him at all. Jogging to the sideline for a break, Ryan said, “Bro, sorry to hear about you and Hannah.”
Jake shrugged. “She’s too high maintenance for me. Sticking to the groupies.” He doused himself with water before pouring Gatorade into a paper cup and downing the contents.
Jake could pretend all he wanted, but Ryan knew Jake better than that. Jake was pissed. And he was hurt. “I don’t know if I should be telling you this, but Hannah was crying to Samantha over the phone.”
“No way, man.” Jake crunched the cup in his hand and threw it toward the bench. “The woman is heartless.”
“I’m just saying.”
“She chewed me up, spit me out, and she’s the one crying?”
“Yeah, I don’t get it either.”
Jake smacked Ryan’s shoulder pads. “Come on, let’s go pound somebody.”
Ryan followed him onto the field. He hoped Jake didn’t hurt anybody.
*** 
Every muscle ached in his body. He wanted a hot shower, his bed, and to sleep until tomorrow. Unless, he could talk Samantha into another night of bliss.
A couple of his teammates were standing around his locker, laughing. What the hell?
A blow up doll? He moved in closer. A male blow up doll with a large penis hung from his locker. The guys snickered. As a veteran he was supposed to be exempt from any pranks, especially ones like this. “Who the hell put this here?”
He tore down the doll and with it tumbled out several hard-core male porn magazines. Laughter broke out again. It was unlikely any of the guys did this. His teammates wouldn’t be caught dead buying this crap. Realization dawned on him and he looked at Jake, in unison they said, “Jameson.”
*** 
Burner was waiting by Ryan’s 380I when he got out of practice. “What’s up?’
Apparently, a lot was up and he wasn’t looking forward to confronting Samantha.
*** 
Samantha answered the knock on her door. Ryan stood in the hall, wearing an angry look. “I told you payback’s a bitch.” She turned around and strode into the living room, ready for a fight.
Ryan closed the door and followed her in. “I’m not here for that. It’s about Burner. You can’t write the story.”
Samantha wore her own look of disbelief on her face. “Oh, I’m running with the story.”
“Burner thinks I told you. So will everyone else.”
“A drug dealer told me. You see, that’s one of the reasons we shouldn’t have gotten involved.” She pointed a finger at him. “I warned you.”
“That piece of shit from the charity dinner?” he asked with his voice raised.
“How did you know?”
“He told you that to impress you. To get in your pants.”
Samantha’s jaw dropped, but she recovered quickly. “Well, you’d be the expert in that, wouldn’t you?”
Ryan winced. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
She paced the room, her arms crossed. “Why are you mad at me? I’m not the one who broke the law.” She stopped and glared at him. “Be mad at Burner.”
“You’re willing to ruin his career and our season, on the word of a convicted drug dealer?”
“It’s not MY season. I’m supposed to be impartial.”
Ryan shook his head. “What if it were me?” he whispered.
What would Samantha Jameson, the reporter do? Run with it. What would Samantha Jameson, the woman, do? “I wouldn’t believe it.”
Ryan sighed. He placed his hands on her shoulders and looked directly into her eyes. “Then believe this, Samantha. As much as the rookie is an irritating asshole, he’s not doping.”
It went against everything she learned. Get the story. Don’t think about the cost. Where had that gotten in her in Iraq? Lives lost. Lives changed forever. Didn’t she promise herself she’d be a different reporter? Isn’t that why she left hard news? “My editor--”
He dropped his hands to his side. “Your editor won’t be the one in the locker room. You will. You won’t be just un-welcome, you’ll be blackballed.”
“That’s what my Dad said.”
“Then if you won’t listen to me, listen to him.”
“He says I should go back to writing hard news.”
“You should and not because it would make things easier for us. You’re too talented for us dumb jocks.”
“I don’t think you’re a dumb jock.” She remembered chastising Hannah for being so hard on Jake. “I won’t file the story. At least, not right now. I have to think.”
“I’ll leave you to it.”
“But we could…could…”
“What? Make love? Or have sex? You should think on that, too.”
“Are you trying to punish me?”
“You’ve got it wrong.” He brushed her lips with a kiss. “I’m punishing myself.”



Chapter 13

The next day, Samantha sat slumped in her chair, going over the conversation with Ryan. The newsroom buzzed with activity. She didn’t tell Ryan, but she had a little more on Burner than the word of a drug dealer. Photos of Burner and the dealer lay strewn across her desk. And Burner wouldn’t talk to her. She called him again this morning and he threatened to sue her and the paper if she went after him.
If Ryan hadn’t been so adamant in defending the rookie, she would’ve run the story. But she trusted Ryan, so she would trust in his instinct. Even if it went against hers. How was she going to tell Mike? She looked to the glass enclosed office. Two men in suits stood in front of his desk. Good. I’ve got time.
What was Mike going to think? Would he give the story to another reporter? Her phone rang and she picked it up. Before she could give a greeting, Mike’s voice boomed out, “Jameson, get in here.”
Samantha hung up the phone and looked back to the office. The two men were still there. Could they be Burner’s lawyers? Good, maybe the decision will be taken out of my hands.
“Close the door,” said Mike.
Samantha raised her eyebrows and did what she was told.
“Agents Cussler and Clancy from the ATF.”
Samantha shook their hands. Was Burner under investigation?
“Burner is working in cooperation with the Feds to bring down a drug ring.” Mike leaned back in his chair. “Turns out, Burner’s best friend in high school died from steroids. When he was approached to buy, he went to the Feds.”
Ryan was right.
“And for our cooperation, you’ll be granted an exclusive. Hell, they even invited you on the raid.”
For the first time one of the agents spoke. “Is that agreeable to you, Miss Jameson?” asked Cussler.
She looked to Mike, who motioned yes.
“Yes,” she answered. Ryan was right.
Clancy handed her his card. “We’ll be in touch.”
The agents left, closing the door behind them. She looked back at Mike. “Holy crap, Jameson, you’ve got the proverbial nose for news.”
Angry with herself, Samantha strode back to her desk. This time she could’ve ruined Burner’s career and an ongoing investigation. Last time, it was a life. A nose for news? More like a nose for trouble.
Her cell phone rang. She checked the screen. “Hi, Ryan.” She owed him an apology.
“Hi. I read today’s paper.”
Her inner debate on the steroid story made her forget all about Jenny’s debut column appearing today. “I hope you’re not mad.”
“Mad? I’m a pile of mush right now.”
She thought she heard him sniff. “You’re like a superhero to her.”
“Naw, if I was really a superhero I’d find a cure for Jenny’s cancer.”
“Not even Superman can do that.”
“Yeah, I know.”
He sounded down and she wished she was there to give him a hug. “Do you want me to come over?”
“Hell, yeah. I need to do something manly.”
Samantha told him she’d be right over, thinking he was the very essence of what a man should be.
*** 
A few days later, Samantha was joking with the other writers in the press box, killing time until the game resumed. For once she felt like an equal. She wondered how long she and Ryan could keep their affair under cover. Each night, she snuck in and out of his apartment like she was a Washington D.C. intern.
The second-half started and she yawned. Maybe, she should go back to writing hard news. Truthfully, if it weren’t for Ryan playing, she’d be bored out of her mind.
The huddle broke and instead of watching the play like she should, her gaze zeroed on Ryan. He broke down the field and cut left, faking out the defense, leaving himself wide open. She glanced to the quarterback. Throw the ball. And he did. The ball sailed through the air, but it was too high.
Ryan leapt, with one hand extended. His fingers grazed the ball, but he was able to pull it in. From the corner of her eye, Samantha spotted a defensive player charging towards Ryan. No! She stood up.
Vulnerable with his feet just touching the ground, the player from the other team leaped and speared Ryan in the helmet. The crunch of the collision filled the stadium. A collective ‘oh’ from the crowd followed.
His head snapped back and hit the ground. His helmet bounced off the green turf. Silence. Stillness.
Flags for the infraction flew in the air. The team trainer and doctor ran out to the field.
“He’s not moving,” said Bradley
Samantha stood frozen. She doubted her own heartbeat. Only her mind raced. No. No. Please, God. Not him. Samantha had seen too much death. She couldn’t handle another. Especially his.
I love you. And she never told him. She was given a second chance in Iraq and she blew it. Tears welled in her eyes.
“Finally. Jameson, the screen,” said Bradley.
She dared a look at the television hanging on the wall, but with the trainer and doctor hunched over him, she could only see Ryan’s unmoving feet. Jake stood by and the camera zoomed in on his worried face. Then they broke away to show a replay of the hit. She looked back to the field. How could anyone want to watch that again?
How much time had gone by? She glanced at her watch. Two minutes? Not good. She picked up the binoculars. Come on Ryan. Move. For me. As if he heard her, his ankle moved. “There!” She pointed her finger to the field.
The trainers waved the stretcher over. Tears of relief spilled out as she plopped down onto the seat. The other reporters pounded away at their keyboards while she stared at her screen, the cursor prompting her. Prompting her for what? To write about what just happened? How could she even begin to be unbiased about that? The man I love almost died today. The cursor blinked, prompting her. And I did nothing.
How could she sit there another moment while he was being carted off the field? Ryan was more important to her than any job. He needs me. I need him. She grabbed her purse and ran for the elevator.
*** 
Silence. Black. Ammonia. A large clap. Ryan’s eyes snapped opened, but halos circled at the edges of his vision. He heard voices calling his name from far away. Then closer. It was one of the trainers. “Terell!”
Ryan groaned as his vision cleared.
“Falling down on the job again, Terell?” teased Jake.
Despite the dig, Ryan could hear the concern in his friend’s voice and that scared the shit out of him. What the hell happened?
“Piss off, Jake,” he sputtered out. His stomach retched, but he held back the vomit. He wasn’t going to disgrace himself on the field in front of eighty thousand fans.
Ryan tried to sit up, but the trainer held him down.
“Whoa, not so fast. Do you feel that?”
Hands probed his body. “Yeah.”
“Good, Ryan, that’s good. Now, what’s the score?”
“We’re winning?”
The trainer frowned.
Jake butted in, “I don’t pay attention to the score either.”
The trainer ignored Jake and continued, “Do you remember what happened?”
“I got hit in head.” That was just a guess. For all he knew a tractor trailer broke out onto the field and ran him over.
“You’re looking good Terell, but you had a two minute LOC. We’re taking you to the hospital to run tests.”
“I’m fine.” He noticed the stretcher. “No way. I’m walking off the damn field.”
“Don’t be an ass,” said Jake.
Ryan lifted his head off the grass; his head swam. His vision blurred again.
“Terell, if you don’t do what you’re told, you’ll sit out the next month of Sundays. I swear to Christ.”
His coach was on the field? He never did that. It must be serious.
EMT’s took over, scooping him onto the stretcher and strapping him in tight. Ready for transport, Jake and a couple of teammates lifted him, then carried him over to the motorized cart.
“Didn’t know how desperate you were to get on Sports Center,” joked Jake.
“Fuck off.” Feeling better, Ryan laughed.
The crowd erupted with applause as his battered body was taken off the field. As they drove towards the tunnel he managed a thumbs up. The cheering grew even louder, but faded as they drove away. Instead of wondering if he’d played his last game, he wondered if Samantha was worried.
As the EMT’s loaded him into the ambulance, Ryan thought about the time when he was nine years old and had his tonsils out. No one had come to visit. Not his foster parents, who couldn’t even be bothered to pick him up when he was released, sending a neighbor instead. He’d never felt more alone and afraid than he did during that time. Ryan couldn’t help it, but at the moment he felt like that little nine-year-old boy.
Would Samantha come to visit him? Or would the fears regarding her job hold her back? As the EMT’s closed the doors, he heard her voice.
“Let me through.”
“No press allowed.”
“I’m not the press, I’m his…girlfriend.”
Ryan told the EMT to let her in. The boy inside him whispered, “See you’re not alone anymore.”
He felt his over-sized hand being held by Samantha’s small but now strong grip.
“Ryan?”
“You’d say anything to get a story. Say your lesbian, even say you’re my girlfriend,” he teased.
“This isn’t funny. You’re not a story to me.”
“Lean over so I can see your face and say that again.”
She’d been crying. Ryan cursed the straps holding him down. He wanted to stroke her cheek -- to hold her in his arms. “Hey, I’m okay. This crap is all precautionary.”
Fresh tears sprung from her eyes before she turned away to lay her head on his chest. “You’re not a story to me,” she repeated.
*** 
“Still got those cards in your bag?”
Samantha stopped pacing and looked over at Ryan in the hospital bed. He took up the whole bed. So big and strong, like nothing could hurt him. “Yes.”
“Come on then, it’ll pass the time while we wait for the results.”
Samantha pulled the cards out of her purse and sat down on the bed. “Go Fish?”
“If I must,” he said with a heavy sigh.
“Next time I promise a game of strip poker.”
Ryan laughed. “Too bad my lucky streak ended today.”
Samantha’s stomach did a little flip. She loved his smile. Loved to hear his laugh. And she almost lost it all today. “I wouldn’t say that. You’re alive.”
She dealt the cards. He had asked her to trust him. To trust him with what happened in Iraq.
“Do you have any threes?” asked Ryan.
She put down her three. Her gaze stayed on the card as she said, “A man died because of me. The man who drove me that day.”
Ryan took her hand, waiting patiently for her to continue.
“If I hadn’t gone he would still be alive. If I hadn’t been so wrapped up in getting the big story, his kids would still have a father.”
“Samantha, he’s the one who set up the meeting.”
She held his hand tight. “I could’ve have said no. I should’ve said no. Any one of those Marines who stormed in to save me could’ve been killed.”
“Who found you so fast because the Iraqi children in the nearby village remembered you. Liked you.”
Samantha tried to hold back the tears, but the three of diamonds began to morph into an eight through her watery eyes. “Did you know the locals use the term Ali Baba when they’re telling Marines about the insurgents?”
Pulling her closer, the cards flittered to the floor. Ryan tucked a strand of her hair behind her ear. “No, I didn’t.”
Her gaze meant his. “I thought I was going to die.” She didn’t see sympathy in his eyes. Only deep hurt for what she went through. “They told me I was.” She didn’t want to tell him the rest, but she didn’t want any secrets between them. He deserved to know what he was getting himself into. “I was kept in a dark hut. No food. No water.”
“Samantha,” his voice soothed.
She couldn’t look at him. Her gaze dropped to his chest. “They kicked me. Punched me.” She drew in a breath. “Spit on me. Called me a whore. I prepared myself to die. Welcomed it.”
“No, Samantha.”
“You start thinking about regrets,” she rushed on.
“Like what?” he asked softly.
She sighed. “At first stupid stuff, like not trying out for the swim team. Then real, deeper regrets start in. Being away from my family, not being there for the births of my nephews and nieces.” She looked up. “Not being kissed by you.”
He brushed away her tears. “You thought about me over there.”
“Yeah, did the whole ‘if I get out of here I promise to…”
He pulled her into the safety of his arms.
“I love you, Ryan. I want to move in with you.”
“I have a better offer. An offer I should have made in the first place. Marry me, Samantha.”
She couldn’t believe her ears. Did he feel sorry for her? Was he asking out of love or some misplaced sense of honor? “Are you sure? That hit to your head-”
“Only knocked some sense into me.”
She laughed.
“I fell in love with you the day I kissed you at your parents house. I’ve spent every day since trying to wrap my head around it.” Ryan tilted her chin up. Their gazes meant. “You’re right, I’m lucky to be alive. So are you. We’ve both been given second chances. Marry me? No regrets for either of us.”
There was quick rap on the door. Samantha got up from the bed. The doctor stepped in. “I have your results.” He flipped open his clipboard.
Samantha held Ryan’s hand tight. He gave a smile of reassurance.
“All came back normal.” The doctor signed some papers. “I’m releasing you, but you’ll need to be re-evaluated in one week. Until then, no sports.”
“Does that include water sports?” Ryan asked.
“All sports.” Catching the look between Samantha and Ryan, the doctor continued, “No sex, either.”
Samantha tried not to blush as the doctor gave instructions for Ryan’s after care and a list of symptoms she should look for. The doctor left the room.
“Guess this is where that ‘in sickness and in health’ comes in,” teased Samantha.
“Is that a yes?”
“Are you going to be a good patient?” she flirted.
“Yes, Ma’am. I have a very good reason to make a full recovery.”
“Getting back on the field?”
“No, making love to you.”



Epilogue

Hannah gazed down in horror at the bridal bouquet in her hands. Beautiful white and red miniature roses stared back at her taunting, ‘You’re next.’ Oh hell, no.
How did it end up in her grasp? Samantha must have aimed it right at her. She looked over to the bride to confirm her suspicions. Samantha smiled at her, looking like an angel, but she was anything but.
Hannah took a moment from being mad to admire her work. Actually, her best friend looked more like a fairy than an angel. The cut of the wedding dress she designed for Samantha was Jane Austen inspired. Alternating bands of medallion Irish lace draped down the bodice and skirt to form a graceful train. A wide cape collar and capped sleeves adorned the top. The dress modestly covered her breasts. Originally, she’d planned for a little cleavage, but she couldn’t have Ryan staring at Samantha’s chest in church. Oh, he would try not to, but such men were born to fail.
It was a shame it took them ten years to get to the altar. She shook her head. Such a waste of time. But as she watched Ryan slip off Samantha’s garter, she realized it wasn’t a case of wasted time. It was perfect timing.
Hannah didn’t believe in happily ever after, but when she gazed upon the happy couple she started to hope.
Her stomach fluttered as the single men lined up for the garter toss. Ryan might have thrown it directly to Jake, but he still had to fight off a dozen men to catch it. She had to dive out the way as the guys scrambled, knocking over chairs to get to it. Two men landed on the floor. Hannah secretly enjoyed the display and liked to think it was because she was the prize.
She needed to have a talk with Ryan and Samantha. Just because she pushed the two of them together didn’t give them the right to play matchmaker, especially with the Neanderthal walking her away. Jake twirled the garter around his finger, with a look on his face that was pure feral. Hannah wanted to run, but like prey caught in a snare, she played her part and sat in the chair. Jake kneeled at her feet.
Where he belonged.
He gently took her ankle in his hand, slipped off her shoe, and rubbed his thumb along the arch of her foot. “I miss you, Hannah.”
Oh, that voice. His sensual touch had her squeezing her thighs together to ease the ache between her legs. But she couldn’t let him know how much she missed him. She sat with her spine rigid against the back of the chair. With disinterest she said, “Of course you do.”
Jake’s deep laughter made her want to slide from the chair into his arms. The whistles and catcalls from his teammates egged him on, but Jake acted like it was just the two of them and he had all the time in the world.
“Let’s get this over with,” she said in a bored tone.
“Hannah, my dear, it’s far from over.”
As Jake slid the garter slowly up her leg, she knew he was right.


Going For It – Hannah and Jake’s story – coming April 2012




About the Author

Liz Matis is a mild manner accountant by day and romance writer by night. She lives in the mountains of NY hoping for a HGTV makeover.

Please visit her blog at: http://www.taoofliz.blogspot.com

Email: elizabethmatis@gmail.com



Love By Design by Liz Matis
Available Now

Design Intervention starts the second season with its own surprise makeover. Interior designer Victoria Bryce must break in her temporary co-host, Aussie Russ Rowland.
Victoria, former socialite wild child hopes the reality show will give her the clout to launch her own design line without her family connections. Russ, former bad boy Australian TV star is using the show to launch his acting career in the States.
Sparks fly on camera as they argue over paint colors and measurement mishaps leading to passions igniting behind the scenes. But when their pasts collide with the present will the foundation they built withstand the final reveal?

