Still Getting In
Copyright 2015 Pearce Pearson
Published by Pearce Pearson at Smashwords

Table of Contents
Prologue: Christchurch New Zealand
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29 Antigua
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
Chapter 64
Chapter 65
Chapter 66

Prologue: Christchurch New Zealand
The Cook brothers were hardly hiding their identities being dressed in heavily branded designer blue jeans, black New Zealand cricket polo shirts, Ray Ban Aviators and their black, New Zealand peaked caps. They were after their brown paper envelopes which would be filled with the agreed $50k. They had already made arrangements for the next fix and were very comfortable with their joint decision to supplement their legitimate earnings by working for a match fixer. 
They strode into the showroom of the Predator equipment factory and told the assistant they were there to see Mark Tatchell as arranged. He came out of his office on the mezzanine floor above and invited the brothers up to join him. The setup was perfect, the fixes could be discussed in privacy and any money that needed to change hands could be hidden in with kit. The brothers had been signed up to Predator for the last 3 seasons so nothing looked suspicious. The spotlight for corruption was pointed at the sub-continent and that suited them just fine.
Mark shut the door behind them and once they were settled into his expertly sound insulated office said, "The money is in the tee-shirts in these 2 bags. The scam went perfectly again and no-one suspects foul play. How did things go for you two?" 
The eldest brother John replied, "It was OK on the batting side I just had to miss out on a few balls to make sure we wouldn't go over the first 2 limits." His kid brother Chris added, "I just had to bowl short of a length for a few overs to help the Sri Lankans whilst the new ball was swinging. It was easy for me."
Mark re-confirmed to them the arrangement that they had already agreed in principle, "So you play normally, and hopefully well, for the next month or so and then we reconvene to plan the next sting. I'll let you know the match and our tactics and I'll bring you another proposal which is likely be along the same lines to what has worked so well already, OK? Let's wait and see who wants to play most the syndicates or the bookies."
Both of the brothers nodded their agreement and then picked up the shirts. Mark took them downstairs and quickly showed the boys the new Predator Sting batting range the company would be launching later that year before they left.
Chapter 1
It was my first trip to the Caribbean for 8 years and my first as a non cricket player. My name is Sam Richards and I played for the England cricket team for 4 years in the late 1990s.
I was really looking forward to experiencing the islands as on previous trips I was so absorbed by cricket, the trips could really have been anywhere. Back then I was preoccupied with thoughts about my own form, the form of my team and more critically that of the opposition. I was often told that I came across as self-assured and relaxed which always makes me laugh as it is and was a long way from the truth. I had to work hard to get the most out of my career and fought nerves that often threatened to interfere with my ability to perform. That was not to say I was a model professional as I had my fair share of disagreements with the various team managers about curfews and extracurricular relaxation.
I never thought that I would become a pundit as I always despised them when I was a player. The players all generally thought that the ex-players that had become so called media experts were generally large egoed know it alls that were never as good as they thought they were - I shared that view. For the large part they had never been able to do what they often preached needed to be done. I vowed to break this mould but at the back of my mind worried it was an inevitable consequence of assessing matches and performances. However, I always try my best to be fair and honest and work to the premise that I would never say anything on air I could not say to the players face to face. 
My playing career saw me work my way up to the top slowly through ever improving performances at the less fashionable clubs. I was not from the preferred sources of either the upper class prep and then public schools or from the financially strong league clubs and then fashionable bigger county sides. I left Australia when I was 18 to join a club in Coventry playing in the Birmingham league. I had a couple of reasons for leaving Australia, I was bored and fed up living at home and had a big falling out with the Perth's cricket coach. Coventry and North Warwick Cricket Club gave me lodgings and paid me a few quid to help coach the kids and to help the groundsman. I slowly got noticed by the county teams through accumulating lots of runs. It was a great cricket apprenticeship as it got me used to having to deliver, the star overseas player that got paid needed to do better than the other local lads or there was a problem. I got my first county contract for Worcestershire and played for them and Northamptonshire before breaking into the England team, once I had got qualification. I loved to upset the odds and throughout my career I had helped the underdogs to win. This record had not endeared me to the establishment but they eventually realised that they needed my talents and winning mentality. I still carry some resentment towards those others who have things easier because of their backgrounds as they still get more opportunities than their talents and attitude deserved. 
The main reason I started to work for the BBC's cricket programming was I had been overlooked by Sky and had got fed up with continually working abroad. I knew that if I could work for the BBC it would give me the disciplines of a regular work routine and it had the potential to last indefinitely as they used many old boys well past normal retirement age. My previous TV work abroad was haphazard ranging from covering Test Matches in New Zealand to T20 matches in Australia. They seemed to appreciate the different perspective I could provide being outside of their national setups. My record as a player also stood scrutiny and that gave me and my views a credibility that meant I had been able to find work and gain valuable experience. Whilst I enjoyed this work I was out of England a lot and consequently had great difficulty in holding down any meaningful relationships. I was also almost broke as whilst I was away I seemed to spend heavily to alleviate boredom. This was unsustainable as my divorce had put a big dent in my savings and continued to be drain in child support commitments for my two beautiful kids. Although I just passed my 45th birthday the separation seemed to have dumped me back into the lifestyle of a 20 something traveller. I needed the stable job at the BBC and to settle down properly, to put some roots down and to start feeling that I properly belonged somewhere. 
Originally when I stopped playing I had dismissed radio as a media to work in as it seemed very old fashioned but since I was given the chance to cover the last domestic season I had grown to appreciate what the broadcast team did. It was easy to see the hierarchy of broadcasters by what matches they cover and whether or not they travel abroad to cover the tours. All the players at the end of their careers are desperate to get the TV jobs and they are definitely the best paid with the best perks: largest studios, best technology, generous expense accounts, 1st class travel and the best hotels. But I soon realised that the radio guys had the better gig as they got to describe the action ball by ball and interpret the matches for listeners who couldn't justify the high satellite TV subscriptions. 
I had started doing media work towards the back end of my playing career with the England team and had initially got a thrill from being seen or heard. I did always feel that the doors at Sky were closed on me not because I wasn't good in front of the camera or because the public didn't like me but because I was still not fully integrated into the English cricket establishment. Sky couldn't care less but I was sure one or two of their other presenters black balled me. Edward Purcell was no doubt one, we never hit off as opponents or even team-mates and he was now their main cricket lead. 
I knew my reputation as a player said I was not a team man and that I had a confrontational approach, I had to convince everyone including myself that as a BBC correspondent this had changed. The BBC were brave to give me a chance and I was not going to let them down and thankfully I successfully demonstrated that I was serious about working in radio and had some aptitude for commentary. I was delighted to be asked to join the team to cover the England tour of the Caribbean but I was worried that there would also be plenty of temptations for me to mess up the opportunity. In my tours as a player there were always lots of distractions not least the girls in the exotic nightclubs and I would now be joining up with a possy of womanising egotists - not to mention the players.
Chapter 2
I packed for myself for the first time in a long time and wondered what I was going to forget. I knew I was entering the next phase of a life that until recently had followed a course that I hadn't really had to give much thought to.
The flight had run to schedule and whilst I had not been bothered by fans who wanted photographs or signatures I could not stop myself from observing several passengers whispering to their spouses, kids or mates revealing to me that I had been recognised. I still find the attention unsettling and struggle to relax when I am out in public. I know I am a pretty minor celebrity, I feel sorry for bigger celebrities who must find it impossible to lead normal lives. 
I arrived at Kings Beach 5 Star Luxury Hotel in Barbados and was told it was just a short 20 minute drive from there to get over to the Kensington Oval where the 1st Test was to be played. I was greeted at the Reception by the BBC's Broadcasting Assistant, Beverly Hansen. Beverly was a late twenties suntanned blond who clearly had ambitions for a higher public profile. I was unsettled by her warm welcome and her arrangements to meet up later that evening where she would be hosting the first of what would be many social gatherings of the BBC broadcasting team. This was to be a smart casual affair which meant I was unsure what to wear, Beverley advised me to wear a smile and be prepared to relax and enjoy meeting the team who she said were looking forward to working with me. I knew there were a lot of ex-players who were very jealous that I had been able to get this great opportunity. I knew they would be waiting for me to mess up and be ready to step in and replace me at the first opportunity. 
I unpacked my bags, hanging everything up which was a novelty as I usually just picked whatever I needed straight from my travel bags, and resisted the temptation to raid the mini bar. I had a couple of hours to kill so I walked the hotel checking out the facilities. There was a well-stocked gym, a big pool, 2 restaurants and 3 bars - I felt satisfied I would be comfortable there for the week ahead. Back in my room I wondered what to do, these were unusual times for me with no team mates or family to occupy me. I decided, as a mature man, I ought to be able to fill my time better than I had been of late and tried to settle down and read from the new tablet I bought for these type of occasions. I had never read much at that point in my life and had always harboured the belief that it was nerdy and that I did not have the patience for it. I persevered and started to read the latest Jo Nesbo which I downloaded for the flight but never got to. It had been on the bestseller list and I had read somewhere that Jo was an ex-musician, ex-city trader and seemed to have a talent for whatever he turned his hand to. I wondered the fairness, how could some people be so blessed. I told myself I ought to be thankful myself having done what so many others could only dream of. I lasted just 10 minutes before my mind started to drift and looking at the screen I realised my eyes may have moved but I hadn't taken in what Harry Hole had been doing. I re-read. I had to stop again as my mind returned to Jenny and the kids, as it frequently did. 
As far as I knew she had left me because I was self-centred and put my career and myself first but I never thought she would leave and worst of all take the kids from me. True I never really helped around the house or with much of the tough parenting - the enforcement of rules and ensuring consistency with both kids. That was her area. I know I was too soft to both and found discipline a problem. I had largely left their schooling choices to Jenny and had always been happy for her to choose and arrange their holidays. I should have been more involved and not been so lazy or self-absorbed. Nevertheless, I didn't feel these were reasons enough for divorce and as just a few months after I moved out she had started a new relationship - I suspected this had been going on for some time. 
In the aftermath of the separation I thought I started to realise I had always been a compromise for Jenny who really loved the easy charm and effortless style of the privileged types who had been born into money with whom she had grown up. The novelty of my brash and straightforward no nonsense style had worn off I also know she missed the attention we both got when I was higher profile.
I had to move on there was no other choice.
I still felt betrayed by her and robbed, mostly of the family life I had expected and looked forward to but also financially, she had got the house, the kids and most of the savings built from my income. I couldn't help thinking that the divorce laws were a nonsense, it was not as if I was going to deprive my own children. I had nagging doubts about how Jenny was using the maintenance payments and how much of it Tom & Suzzie actually got to see. 
Chapter 3
Beverley met me at Kings Beach's Cocktail Bar at 7.15 she looked eye catching in a dress that left little to the imagination and showcased her well-toned long slender legs. She wore a plunging necklace with an interesting yellow and red stone that caught the eye and also encouraged the admiration of her well displayed breasts. I forced my eyes up and told myself not to get lured in. Within moments of getting our first drinks, a powerful tropical rum cocktail, we were joined by the 2 main stars of the BBC's commentary team. Public boy Rupert Snowden and ex England captain Donald Valance.  
Conversation flowed about who would win the series and which functions and invites they had received and wanted to attend. I realized if I wasn't careful the trip would result in me putting on a lot of weight which I had noticed was already starting to happen without the training and playing my body had always been accustomed to. I am 6 foot 5 inches tall and was weighing 16 stone 7 pounds, this was already almost a stone above my playing weight. My large frame was a huge asset on the pitch but it also meant I didn't fade into the background easily. I thought it was typical that this new stone had positioned itself just on my belly. Now spotted I knew it must not get bigger and would have to go, I also knew it was the result of propping up too many bars for too long.
After a second cocktail we all went to a renowned local restaurant called Fusion that Don had enjoyed on his last tour. Already in the window seats were the TV guys, Edward Purcell and 2 of his cronies, they seemed genuinely pleased to see Rupert and Don. Edward didn't miss the opportunity to take a dig at me and said,
"This place must be letting all the riff raff in, Sam I'd heard you were given this tour to cover by the BBC I take it the networks down under saw through you did they?" 
I replied, "You've not changed Edward have you? Still as obnoxious as ever. I live in England and naturally want the bulk of my work to be based there, I got fed up commuting halfway around the world. OK?"
Edward answered, "Oh I see, I thought when your family left you might have taken the hint and realised you're not wanted."
I wanted to drag him out of his chair and hit the smile off his face but exercising self-control, that I didn't possess as a younger man responded,
"I am not the first and won't be the last man to get divorced. Lovely as this little chat is I must be off now, don't choke on your food."
Don, Rupes, Beverly and I were seated at a table at the other side of the restaurant as I wasn't sure how much restraint I had left and enjoyed a great dinner. From what they said over the meal I was fast becoming aware of what a great lifestyle this job could provide if you weren't someone who got homesick. I had nothing waiting at home for me in my new flat except the TV. 
I wondered if I would be able to resist the temptations ahead now I had joined their ranks and if I wanted to. 
The answer was a resounding No if that night's dinner was anything to go by. The fresh lobster tails with a crabmeat garlic mayonnaise followed by a chilli marinated succulent red snapper were fabulous and a big improvement on I my lazy cooking which seemed to have reverted to quickly grilled bacon and strong mature cheddar sandwiches more frequently than not. Rupert ordered the wine and enjoyed telling me about the notes and tones, I had to concede he had chosen well. I couldn't stand a wine snob though. I knew wine was a big distraction for many of the ex-players and something I ought to gen up on so I didn't embarrass myself. Don was very focused on Beverly and seemed determined to restrict her conversation with the others. I couldn't help but notice Don had made a very detailed study of the yellow stone or was it her boobs?? Although Don was double her age and married, he seemed hell bent on enjoying his first night of this tour with her. 
Rupert decided they should all go for a couple of nightcaps at a bar close by after Beverly had settled the bill. She was pleased for the distraction as Don was closing in to make his play and no doubt an indecent proposal. The waiter called us a taxi and we all got in as Rupert asked the driver to take us to a bar called The Blue Room, it was busy and there was a band just starting to get people dancing, the singer's voice hit me straight away with its rhythm and purity. After a waitress had brought us the drinks I went for a walk around the bar with Rupert. As we were watching the band from the back of the room I was given a pat on the back. I turned to see my old adversary and West Indian legend Dwayne Lowe. We greeted as old friends having played with and against each other many times over the years.  We went back to say hi to Don & Beverly and after another round of drinks Don & Beverly decided to go back to the hotel, Rupert left just after them whilst I decided to stay on with Dwayne to enjoy the music and catch up.
It wasn't long before we attracted interest from the locals and I quite enjoyed the attentions of several very attractive dancers. Dwayne made sure that I could relax and didn't get approached by autograph hunters. He had always been a reliable man on and off the pitch and was genuinely disappointed when I explained about breaking up with Jenny. He said that explained why I was back and hanging around with Rupes and Don, who he knew wouldn't ordinarily have been mates of mine. He gave me his mobile number and told me to call him up if I needed a change of scenery or any information about the current players. I had never made much effort to keep in touch with mates I had played with or against, knowing we would always meet up again before long as the fixtures rotated. I now realised I needed to make more of an effort as my recent past told me I would stay in a social rut. I tapped Dwayne's details into my phone. Over another Red Stripe Dwayne gave me a warning to watch out for the street hustlers who would be looking out for the rich tourists. Dwayne knew I would make a great target. We reluctantly decided to call it a night at 1.00am as I knew I had a lot to learn the next day in readiness for the first match the day after. Whilst we shared a taxi ride I talked about the band's lead singer, as I was so taken with both her voice and her appearance. Dwayne smiled knowingly saying she was the island's hottest property in more ways than one. He said I'll get you some details for you and wished me luck for my first BBC Test commentary.
Chapter 4
I got up at 6.00 having not been able to fall asleep again having woken up at 5.30. I decided to email my kids Tom & Suzzie asking them to reply when they could with any of their news. I told them to try to be good for their Mum and that I missed not seeing them every day. I added that they mustn't forget that I loved them. I then decided to go for a pre-Breakfast swim but knew I had not packed swimming trunks so wondered if I could buy any from the hotel.
The receptionist at the pool could not have been happier to sell me the only swim trunks they had which I was horrified to realise were the briefest of budgie smugglers in a very light blue. I thought I might get away with a quick swim without being spotted. After a relatively quick 20 lengths of the pool I felt virtuous and committed to making the swimming a habit so I could lose my embarrassing gut. As I got out of the shallow end and headed to the jacuzzi the receptionist appeared with a flirtatious smile, she suggested the trunks might have been a little on the tight side after all but suited me. I felt my face redden and sucked in my gut before dropping quickly into the bubbly water of the jacuzzi to stop her checking out a body I was now a little embarrassed of when not properly covered up. She said to that I didn't need to be shy and introduced herself as Elaine. Elaine suggested that I might want to schedule a massage during my stay as sportsmen often had aches and pains that she could help with. I thanked her and said I would give it some thought not convinced that I could trust my body's self-control with Elaine's hands all over me.
Beverly showed me the ground's commentary box, where we would be spending most of the next 5 day, and explained how the equipment worked. It all seemed straight forward to me but my worry was whether I would have enough interesting things to say, covering a test match ball by ball was different from providing small county match reports. Afterwards I joined my co-commentators for lunch at the ground's main restaurant. It was during this that Don decided, for reasons best known to himself, to confess all about what happened the previous night with Beverly.
"Well I don't know what got into me last night but I was on a mission to get Bevers back to my room. I think it must be to do with being away from home and knowing that my pockets and clothes won't be getting checked as usual."
Don's wife had put up with his indiscretions on several occasions and kept him on a tight leash when he was at home. He had promised her that he would not let her down again and said he was now far too old for all of that nonsense and knew better than to risk losing her. Who was the old rascal kidding, certainly not his wife I thought to myself.
"I said to Bevers that if she came back with me I would make it worth her while by getting her an opportunity on the mic. She is desperate to become a presenter. But first of all I wanted her to give me the right encouragement before I started to pull any strings. What she did was unbelievable." Don was lost for a few moments clearly reflecting happily. Rupert had now been reeled in and wanted to know all the detail so he nudged his long-time colleague and insisted he provided the full story.
Don sat back with a look of mischief on his eyes and got ready to deliver one of his verbose monologues that he had spent years delivering for the review of the day's play or for the lucrative after dinner speech circuit. He was used to people hanging on his every word.
"Rupe's once I'd fixed us both a drink and she'd come back from her room, where she said she needed to quickly check for messages, she said she would give me all the encouragement I would need. She only took a shiny silver set of handcuffs from her bag and put them on me so my hands were fixed behind my back. I don't know why I didn't resist but I suppose I didn't want to stop the flow of things. She then seductively took off her dress, black laced stockings and heels before she gently rubbed her body up against me. She straddled me and just as I was about to kiss her she had me blindfolded and then gagged. Time seemed to stand still for a few moments. The next I knew my shoes socks trousers and pants were very gently removed and hot air was being blown around my thighs and soft hair was brushing me. I was determined to stay calm and not lose control but was concerned that I had got myself into such a vulnerable position." 
Don said he'd got what he think they describe as a full massage and continued, "When my hands were released and the blindfold removed Bevers was dressed and said she was off to bed and that she was really looking forward to being on air before the end of the tour. 
How am I going to do that?"
Rupert & I could not stop ourselves from laughing saying he would have to keep his side of the bargain and hope Beverley wasn't vindictive or he would not be invited home when the tour was over. I had to admire the energy of Don who was already approaching 70 back then.
I said "I'll keep a check on Twitter and YouTube to make sure there aren't any embarrassing photos you ought to know about you old fool."  
I wondered what Bev's side of this story might be but didn't think I would ever be able to ask her. Rupes and I were curious about what really happened once the blindfolds went on.
Chapter 5
I called my Mum in the morning to tell her to watch out for my first international BBC broadcast and that I would call the following day to get her opinion on how I had done. She had already told all her friends and had invited many round to her house for a nightcap and to listen to me. The time difference Australia to Barbados meant the 11.00am start time in Barbados would be 11.00pm in Perth. She had never needed much of an excuse to throw a party and loved to entertain. 
"Sammy," she said "Make sure you wear a smart suit and a tie and don't swear."
I answered saying to her that my appearance wasn't important for radio commentary but confided that I was already getting a little nervy, she assured me I would be fine and that there was nothing for me to be nervous about. She must have said those words to me thousands of times throughout my life and I always took comfort from them. 
I met up with both teams before the game started and wished the English lads all the best telling them that they could win if they played as a team. Everyone knew that the England team's form had been disappointing over the last season and they had become too reliant on their 2 best players. I also had chance for a quick coffee with Dwayne before I went to the media room. We had a small bet with each other on the result we both backed our own countries. Dwayne also handed me a note which was written by the beautiful singer which said, 
"Sam I don't date sports types, especially not English, but if you want to see me I have a gig on Saturday night at Mojo's. I will let you buy me a drink after the first set and we can have a chat - if you are the man Dwayne says you are perhaps I'll make you the exception, Yasmin xx" 
I felt excited at the thought of meeting up with Yasmin and wondered what Dwayne might have said to set this opportunity up. The note had put a smile on my face that was timely as I would be on air within the hour. 
Beverley greeted me with a smile which made me blush and got me miked up. England as usual lost the toss and were put into bat. It was a toss that wasn't too important and Mark Jones, aka Jonesy, the England skipper would probably have batted anyway they all thought. It was a slow (many would say boring) day which tested Rupes, Don and me as there was little of interest for us to describe. It did however give me plenty of opportunity to provide the viewers with an insight into how I read the game. I emphasised the importance of taking the initiative and imposing your will on the opposition rather than sitting back and hoping for mistakes, which is what I felt the English team had been doing in recent memory. I said to myself I had to say things honestly even if it wasn't always what people wanted to hear. Don and Rupes seemed pleased with my contributions and I was delighted that the Programme Director called to congratulate me once the broadcast had finished. I had apparently given them reassurance that I would work out for them as a Test Match commentator, if Day 1 was to be anything of an indicator. The calls and tweets into the programme had been significantly higher than usual and Beverley was calling me the golden boy. Whilst I enjoyed all the praise I certainly didn't let it go to my head as I knew I still had such a lot to learn and had several rivals sat back in London ready to pounce.
Towards the end of play plans for dinner had been discussed. It seemed to me that this was treated as almost the most important thing for Don and Rupes and the cricket was just a distraction from their schmoozing. 
The plan was to go to a dinner party at the British High Commission in Bridgetown with all the famous A-list ex-players. It was a Black Tie affair and of course I had not thought to bring a dinner suit with me and even if I had I doubted that it would still fit. Once Bev knew I needed one she made the necessary arrangements, there was no question of me buying it. For the second time on this trip I was relying on others not to dress him up like a chump and my track record was poor so far if the trunks were a guide. 
Before we went out I called Perth to check in with my Mum to see how she thought I was coming across. I had always wanted to impress my parents even though I always seemed to resist their advice. I still remember a lot of arguing with my Dad, when he was still alive, but I knew he was proud of my career and had always been firmly in my corner. I knew he never wanted me to leave Australia and we fell out when I did, like most Aussies he hated the Poms. Mum said she thought I could say more and should stop letting Rupert or Don get the last word. She then went on to tell me in detail about the various illnesses of her friends and neighbours in the village and of course what the weather was doing. When I eventually got to say Goodbye I wondered where the last 45 minutes had gone. We had avoided talking about Jenny which I felt was progress I knew how cross she was about my divorce and she was keen for me to get settled again.
The Embassy looked fabulous and with everyone dressed to impress it was a glamorous affair. I ended up in a very acceptable suit and with the purple bow tie and cummerbund even I had to admit I looked quite stylish in something I would never have chosen. I like bold colours but never feel comfortable wearing them as I get self-conscious, I tend to wear lots of blue clothing occasionally black or if I am feeling bold brown. Purple was a departure but I had a legitimate excuse if I got any ribbing. I didn't mind these events when I could enjoy them with Jenny and loved to see the attention she was able to command, without her I knew I would find this a chore.  
The champagne was flowing generously and there was a happy buzz as the guests enjoyed reacquainting. I worked my way to the bar and was able to get comfortably perched on a stool with a pint of Red Stripe. I knew from the previous night and from past experience too many of those and I would be talking rubbish quickly and wake up with a sore head. I also knew I was in a dangerous mood as I was thirsty for alcohol and wasn't overly worried about the consequences. It must have been something to do with the relief of having my first broadcast well received.
After a 5 course dinner, which I thought took forever, people were asked to retire to the bar for coffees and liquors. I opted for more Red Stripe and reclaimed the stool. I was approached by a couple of the TV guys who teased me about having a good face for radio and I remember they were curious about how I was finding working with Don and Rupert. They explained not many could stomach their arrogance and their expectation to be treated like superstars. I decided not to give them any ammunition and said I had found them both very welcoming and were being very kind in helping me settle in to the new job. They seemed disappointed that I was not criticising my colleagues so we moved on briefly to talk about the series. We all agreed that it would be close and could get decided by the smallest of things especially if the English bowling unit could stay fit.
Later on when I was starting to feel a little worse for wear Beverly came over to introduce me to Chloe, both of them looked fabulous, wearing tight fitting little black dresses and high heels that can't have been comfortable. Chloe said she worked for a sports agency and felt if I wanted she would be able to show me how they could lift my media profile and increase my earning potential. At this stage in the evening I was happy she was talking to me and I knew I would probably say yes to anything she wanted to do. So this was how I started an involvement with NoSportLimit Inc commonly known as 'Sportz' which I knew when I thought about it later was a poor choice and would inevitably come at a personal cost. If it meant more time with Chloe I felt it was a cost worth paying. She took advantage of my alcoholic haze to get my agreement to a meeting with her boss Sanjay and took my mobile number so it could be arranged.
Chapter 6
I woke up early as usual with another thumping headache and alone. It was what I deserved. I put my swimming trunks on and went down to the hotel's pool. After the 20 lengths I set myself to do had been swum, I relaxed in the jacuzzi and was contemplating a long hot shower to clear my still throbbing head. 
I was just thinking about all these new girls I had met since I left England and the daydreaming took me back to being a teenager again, although back then my thoughts were always about Jenny and how I was going to impress her enough to consider me to be boyfriend material. Now I was daydreaming about Elaine, hotel reception; Chloe, sports agent, Yasmin, the soul diva & also I had to admit against my wishes Beverly with the silver handcuffs.
Just as I was about to haul my body out Rupert showed up in a more conservative pair of swimming shorts, I wasn't about to get out and give him the chance to laugh at me. 
Rupert was a little shorter than me and had brown hair bordering on ginger. He looked to be in good shape for a man in his fifties. I had only played against him a couple of times, as he was at the end of his career as mine was just starting, but he had been a class act no question about it. He had wonderful timing and seemed to play with a freedom and grace that set him aside as a top player. His batting had never seemed rushed even when he faced the fastest of bowling and whilst he achieved a great record I was not convinced it was as good as it could have been with all the natural talent he had been given. I felt he lacked the hunger and determination that shone in many others who came from less privileged circumstances.
Rather than swim Rupert joined me and started to discuss the fix Don had got himself into with Bev.
"You know Don will need to get Bev her chance broadcasting or he will find himself in all sorts of trouble" he said "she is a real bitch. Don has always had a weakness for the ladies and it has got him into all sorts of trouble in the past."
We were both unsure how he was going to get out of his latest predicament. Rupert then surprised me by saying he thought he had some gossip on the West Indian uber aggressive opening batsmen and loose mouthed match winner, Isaac Stewart. 
"I have it on good authority" he confided, "that he is actually a raving Queen and all his macho antics are a cover. Wouldn't the press have a field day if that was true?" 
I had to agree that cricket like most professional male sports had very few players who were openly gay. Probably because those that had come out had quickly been side-lined by the selectors and captains as the stereotype says gays are soft. This had little to do with their form or ability but more to do with dressing room pressure. Playing with a gay teammate still stupidly seemed to be too unsettling for most sports' teams.
Rupert continued,
"It would be big news back in the UK but in the Caribbean it would be dynamite as homosexuality is illegal and in certain places commands 10 year prison sentences with hard labour! Jamaica is allegedly the homophobic capital of the world so it would certainly affect team dynamics and crowd reactions."
I asked what had made him believe this as whilst it was irrelevant to me I wondered where Rupert had heard this potential bombshell. Rupert smiled and said 
"I can't reveal my sources but I will be watching him more closely now. You know Sam I hadn't realised until last night that there are still so many countries that still class homosexuality as illegal." 
I nodded saying, "Me neither, he won't be coming out anytime soon then will he?"
As Rupert went for his swim I took the opportunity to get into the shower whilst he was swimming away from me. It wasn't long before I found myself daydreaming about all four potential girlfriends in a very juvenile way again. When would I grow up I pondered. 
On my way down later for breakfast Elaine, the cute receptionist greeted me with a friendly smile and said she hoped I had a good swim and that she thought I was a bit slower doing my lengths that morning. I wondered how she had seen me until she showed me the monitor below the reception counter, there had to be a camera in the pool area. As I walked away she said "I'm still loving those trunks handsome" and let out a cheeky laugh.
I joined Don and Beverly who were in quite an animated conversation which stopped as soon as I sat down. Don seemed very relieved that Sam had joined them to get some distraction from Beverly's questioning. They ate in relative silence and Sam smiled to himself that Don could very easily have ruined the rest of the tour for himself on the first night away.
The next 2 days in the match left both sides in with a chance of winning and as usual in Test Match cricket now it seemed highly likely that a result one way or the other would be achieved without the game going into the final fifth day. The West Indies needed 298 more runs to win and had survived the awkward 30 mins at the end of the previous day.
I was on commentary as Isaac started to get on top of the English seam bowlers and after laughing at being dropped by England's young new player, he started hitting boundaries more frequently and more dismissively. Whilst wickets were falling at the other end everyone knew that he held the key and England needed him out and quickly. I said on air that I felt England needed to change things around as I was convinced Isaac would win the game if they kept on with their current tactics of trying to contain him and attacking at the other end. I was calling for England's strike bowler to come back on to bowl and to put everything he had into a hostile spell before it was too late. This never happened and Isaac became the acclaimed match winner with a brutal innings of 148 not out. He really celebrated the win and he couldn't have been more of an obnoxious winner. He took the opportunity whilst being interviewed to suggest that England would lose every match of the 5 match series and suggested that they did not have the fight or spirit required. He predicted that this West Indies team were going to bring back the glory days of the Eighties with him their match winner. 
The English, players, commentators, Barmy Army & regular fans were all shocked at how easily this first and key Test Match had been taken away from them. They seemed utterly powerless and whatever the bowlers had tried that day had comprehensively failed, Isaac had been ruthless. England's 2 main bowlers were taken apart, when Jonesy eventually brought them on, by Isaac who seemed to relish hitting them harder and further than England's other bowlers. He was sending out a message that he was the main man and he would not be denied.
It was a bitter pill to try and swallow. Isaac had lifted the crowd, the team and seemingly the Island. 
I could sense that the England team would need to rally round quickly if this momentum was to be halted or slowed. Like Isaac I foresaw a drubbing even at this early stage of the tour.
Chapter 7
Edward Purcell left the ground and called his associate Mark on his new I-phone,
"Hi Mark, what are you thinking about for the 2nd Test? I think we could control the session runs if you incentivise Isaac and Larelle, will there be money to be made?"
Mark replied, "There's always money Ed but I'll need to make a few calls to quantify how much. I'm going to South Africa to set up 2 tests for their series against New Zealand will you be able to manage things over there if I can agree a decent figure?"
"Sure," said Edward, "Give me a call later to let me know whether we're on, I don't want us to be beaten to the punch by one of the syndicates."
Edward thought he had become beyond suspicion for the anti-corruption authorities after all he was now a media heavyweight and an active supporter and fundraiser for cricket development worldwide. He knew his position gave him ideal access to the key players needed for a successful betting sting and that many of the players were obsessed with money so could be persuaded to modify their performance for the right inducement. He was loving the excitement of this new 'work' and was getting a buzz from it that he hadn't felt for a while. He thought being involved in corrupting cricket matches must provide a similar feeling to those felt by Secret Service Double Agents as they outwardly looked to be safeguarding British security whilst all the time working surreptitiously with enemies to undermine it. His greed enabled him to deal with any feelings of guilt. 
He knew what he did was more like an art than a science due to the multitude of variables beyond control, that was the beauty and challenge though. If he could control a couple of key variables could these alter the natural flow of a match and if they could could he profit discreetly from it? His record over the past year had established the answer to this was Yes. Edward and his partner in crime Mark, an old school friend, had now set up 12 fixes and had been able to profit from 9 of them with the other 3 failing due to players not being able to deliver the promised performances. This experience had led them to fine tune their approach and they were both confident that the success hit rate would improve. It was safer to get batsmen to score slowly than fast and for bowlers to bowl badly rather than well. With this being the case they knew they would have to be patient or risk getting their players dropped. It was more lucrative if players could score quickly or bowl tightly but the risk was high and Edward and Mark had agreed, only worth betting on if the players tempted to do this were world class. As a result Edward was keen to meet and talk to the game's elite players and also to predict which young players could fall into this category in the future. It was then Mark's job to offer them endorsement deals for using his equipment and get them signed up with his company Predator.
Chapter 8
Rupes, Don and myself met for dinner as was customary at the end of any Test Match. More fine wine and top cuisine it was a tough job but someone has got to do it I thought. We were very happy for Beverly to join us as she was good eye candy and we knew she would pick up the tab. Don & Rupes had insisted on going to the Pepper Mill as it was widely acknowledged as the best on the Island. 
Whilst we were waiting for the desserts Rupe's had gone to the cloakroom and it was odd when he had still not returned by the time everyone had finished the last course. Don decided to check he was OK and left the table for the cloakrooms. Once there he saw that one of the cubicles was occupied and shouted through, "Hey Rupes are you in there, are you OK?" as there was no reply Don knocked on the cubicle door with an increasing sense of discomfort. There was still no reply.
Don was freaked and returned to the table to get me. We returned to the cloakroom and I shouted through the door for Rupert to acknowledge us but when there was still no reply I went into the adjoining cubicle and stood on the toilet to look over the top. When I saw Rupert slumped head down I knew he was out of it either dead, asleep or unconscious I shouted to the waiter who had come to see what the fuss was about, that I had to open the door. I tried to barge it open with my shoulder but as it was a solid door and frame it wouldn't open I realised I would need to break the lock to open it. The waiter got a fire extinguisher and he began to hit the base of it onto the occupied sign harder and harder until it eventually gave. Rupert was slumped lifeless with dribble running from the corner of his mouth. He was not breathing. I shouted at the waiter to get an ambulance and that this was an emergency and to check if there was a Doctor in the restaurant. The Manager came running in and stretched Rupert out onto the cloakroom floor. He tried to resuscitate Rupert but was getting no response. I pumped his chest and then slapped his face to try and revive him and it seemed to work, I saw a slight flicker of his eyelid.
The ambulance arrived from the island's Queen Elizabeth Hospital, a large modern facility that opened in 1964 that had 600 beds and several operating theatres. The medics quickly opened his shirt and attached their defibrillator and applied a shock. A weak beat was established and Rupert was lifted onto a stretcher and rushed to the hospital. I went along and said I would meet the others there and let them know what was going on.
In the ambulance the medics were able to maintain a heartbeat but Rupert did not regain consciousness.
At the hospital Rupert was rushed into surgery and I was told he had been stabilised but time would tell whether he would recover. They started running tests to establish what had caused the heart stoppage and said they would give me more information when they had it. I was told to contact his family as he was in a critical condition.
Rupert was a fit, strong healthy ex professional sportsman it seemed obvious to me that his condition had been caused by some foul play. I met Beverly and Don in the waiting room they had been given and tried to establish what they needed to do next. Beverly said that Rupert had been separated acrimoniously from his wife several years ago and would call his sister. The BBC insisted that all employees provided contact details of a next in kin and I remembered this was a more difficult box to fill once you became single again with an elderly parent.
Don looked quite elderly and frail as he recovered from the shock of the evening's excitement. He was close to Rupert and they had worked together for the last 6 years. I suggested that it would be best for him to get back to the hotel and get some sleep. Don then whispered, "Sam I think you ought to know that Rupert had developed a drug habit that he had been unsuccessfully trying to kick for the last few years. He is addicted to cocaine."
I rushed to the nurse and demanded to speak to the Doctor who was examining Rupert. A few minutes later I told the Doctor about what Don had just revealed and the Doctor replied, "He has quite a number of stimulants in his bloodstream and cocaine is just one. It appears he has been injected with a potentially lethal dose of amphetamines into a main artery in his neck. Somebody must have wanted him dead. Tonight will be a critical night for Rupert to get through if he is to make any kind of recovery."
I saw and heard what I assumed to be an alarm go off on the machine Rupert was connected to and the Doctor rushed away and I was led back to the waiting room. 
About an hour later the Doctor came into the room to say that Rupert had been re-stabilised and he would be monitored closely throughout the rest of the night and re-examined at 07.15 in the morning.   
A detective quickly arrived at the hospital and introduced himself. His name was Winston Edwards, he was about my age and in good shape. He seemed the no nonsense type who had seen and done it all before. He wore a black shirt with grey trousers and looked smart. He said that he needed to establish what had happened that evening as the police were treating the events as a suspected homicide. I recounted the events of the day and the evening to Winston and explained, I hoped confidentially, about the drug habit Don had told me about earlier.
Winston asked whether we had seen anyone suspicious in the restaurant and asked Don & me whether we saw anything odd in the cloakroom. I racked my brain but didn't think anything was unusual except of course that the cubicle door was locked. The attacker must have jumped over the partition to get out after injecting Rupes unless of course he did it himself.  We all agreed he had left the table for approximately 20 minutes before we broke the door in to get him out. Winston thanked me for the cooperation and said he would be back in contact as and when he needed further details or if he had further questions. I provided him with the contact details for myself, Don & Beverly and our immediate itinerary and he then left.
I said I would stay at the hospital and Beverly told me that she would go back with Don to the hotel and make the necessary calls to both Rupert's sister and to the BBC. She said the BBC would select a media manager who would organise any communication about the incident and that she would text me as soon as she knew who this would be. Both Beverly and Don told me to let them know if things changed.
I decided to call Dwayne even though it was the middle of the night and explained what had happened. Dwayne without hesitation insisted on coming to the hospital and when he arrived we drunk the giant flask of rich, strong coffee he brought with him. 
I said to Dwayne that Rupert had intimated to me a few days earlier that he had heard from a good source that Isaac was gay and that with this being the only explanation for the attack I knew about I was going to explore it further. Dwayne and I agreed that this detail was better kept to ourselves at this stage. We thought that if the police started questioning Isaac it would only be a matter of time before the press picked up this juicy gossip and it would probably ruin his career just as it was really taking off. The Caribbean as well of half of the world's cricket playing nation’s still class sodomy as illegal so public knowledge of Isaac's sexuality would create quite an issue for him. Naturally, we wanted to establish whether there was a good reason to connect the gossip with the attack on Rupert.
The question we discussed was how we were going to uncover the truth, with Rupes in no condition to help and without Isaac realising he was under our suspicion.
Chapter 9
I left after Rupert had the main morning examination by the senior surgeon, he explained how important it had been that he had made it through the night but also that whilst his condition had stabilised and not got worse it had not improved either. They would let him rest and recoup now before they agreed the plan for how and when they would try to stimulate him from the coma should his condition not change. 
When I arrived at his hotel I was exhausted and ready for my bed but I was met by a scrum of journalists and photographers desperate to get more material to report. I shared with them what had happened at the restaurant and then crashed out in my room. I got just a couple of hours sleep before I woke up and turned on the TV. Rupert was featured on all the rolling news channels.
It was time to find out more about Isaac.
I started off by seeing what was already on the internet about him and learnt that he had been a prodigious schoolboy talent who had worked his way through all the junior representative teams in the West Indies until getting his chance at the highest senior level last season. There were no personal details other than his age of 21 and that he was a left handed batsman who plays for Jamaica. 
I wanted to know whether he had a criminal record or had ever got in trouble with the police, I wanted to know whether he was really gay and if so did he currently have a boyfriend and who were his past ones. I did not know where to start looking for this information but wanted to gather some of it before I confronted Isaac which I was becoming increasingly resigned to doing sooner rather than later.
Don knocked on my door a little later and asked me if I fancied grabbing something to eat with him. It was obvious Don had something on his mind so I went down to the quieter restaurant with him. We both ordered the special and some red wine. Don said he wished there was something he could do to help him recover and said that just waiting and hoping was desperate. I said that they needed to prepare themselves for Rupert not recovering as the Doctor explained the drugs shot into him would have killed most men within a few minutes as it was a lethal cocktail. Don looked completely miserable and asked why anyone would want to hurt such a good man who had such a generous spirit and did not have an evil bone in his body. The best Don could come up with for a motive was jealousy as Rupert, and both of us of course, had an enviable lifestyle. Travelling the world, watching the game we loved and being treated to the best hotels and food, Don could see how enviable all this was. It was like saying this out loud forced a penny to drop in his mind, "Sam do you think we are safe?" he asked "I don't think we can assume we are, I think we need to get extra security until the attacker is caught." I tried to calm Don by saying. "Don I think the motive will be linked to drugs so as neither of us take drugs I think it is highly unlikely that we are in any danger. That's right isn't it?" Don nodded and confirmed he had never felt any interest in trying drugs. I did concede that I would ask Beverly to consider the itinerary carefully for the rest of the tour.
Don then said that he asked the producer if Beverly could cover for Rupert during the next match whilst Rupert was recovering. I was surprised that Don had wasted so little time in trying to sort this out with the attack only the evening before but then Don was well known for his single mindedness. He then went onto ask me to support this request so Beverly's opportunity did not go to someone else. I couldn't even think about that yet.
The mood had changed and I finished my glass and said I was going to try to get a few more hours kip.
Instead of turning right to my room I turned left to the entrance and got in a cab. "Take me to The Blue Room"
I was way too early for the show but I needed to get a change of scenery. It was only 4.30pm and Yasmin was not going to be performing until 7.45pm which meant their agreed meeting was hours away. However, the wine had given him a taste for alcohol and the condition of Rupert meant sleep was just not a possibility. The bar was quiet with a Premier League football match on that a few regulars were getting excited by in one corner. I couldn't decide what I wanted to drink, this was usually pretty simple beer, beer and more beer, as the taste of the lunchtime wine was still in his mouth. I decided to just roll with it and asked for a wine list. Ordering a bottle of red for myself would not look anything other than alcoholic but it did have the advantage of being cheaper, not requiring many trips back to the bar, it could breathe (as Rupe's would say) and I could settle in and watch the bar fill up and think about what I needed to do next. The choice on the list was limited so I went for what described itself as big, smooth and deep, it was reassuringly expensive without being stupidly so. I asked for a tumbler as the wine glass looked fragile and I have smashed a few in my time either by putting them down on the bar too hard or by squeezing a bit too much. I was sorted for the next hour or so I thought until Yasmin sidled up behind him and asked the barman for another tumbler.
"Hey Mr Radio how are you doing? Sorry about your friend" I just smiled at her as she looked so amazing through my slightly addled eyes and then said, "I was just getting in the mood for your singing - wow you look unbelievably gorgeous, oh sorry I shouldn't have said that I ought to be playing cooler and mysterious"
Yasmin sighed and said, "Let’s go back to my dressing room and we can talk as I get ready for the show you smooth talker?" 
We were on to our second glasses of the wine when Yasmin told me to stop talking and she started kissing me. I was already intoxicated by the wine but that intoxication was quickly overtaken by his intoxication of Yasmin. Her smell, her touch, her warmth, her whispering left me overcome with desire I had not felt in such a long time. We ripped each other’s clothes off and took turns to explore each other. I loved Yasmin's curves and couldn't stop stroking her enjoying the smoothness of her skin. Yasmin took out a cigarette from a leather purse and started to slowly smoke. I let her smoke and just planted kisses all over her fixated by the way her lips sucked the cigarette and then blew out the pungent smoke.
After what seemed like a lifetime I walked out of the dressing room and was ready for some cleaner fresh air and a cold long drink. I took a beer out on the veranda as Yasmin got dressed again ready to perform. 
The bar had filled and it wasn't long before I could hear her voice singing songs I felt as though I only half recognised but which the crowd were loving. The music was upbeat and created a happy feel good atmosphere I was reminded of old soul songs with a harder funk beat and a blues overtone added by the bands' Rasta sax player.
The band and Yasmin were on great form and it was obvious that the crowd were loving the show and were enjoying themselves. I found myself dancing with a slightly different groove to most of the others but I couldn't just sit and watch. At the end of the night Yasmin took me back home with her.
The next morning after Yasmin and I had reacquainted ourselves with each other, we showered together and got dressed. I asked if Yasmin knew much about Isaac, she said not personally but that she had heard he loved the limelight and wanted to be seen at all the best parties and events. She had heard that he was spending a lot of money to look like the A-lister he had rapidly become. I asked her if she knew anything about his love interests or home life and was told he was always out in mixed groups of hot celebrities and had become very well connected with Sportz who were generally the brains behind the events to generate publicity for their clients and of course themselves. Yasmin knew Sportz as they had booked her band several times over the last couple of years. She thought he was not linked with anyone particularly and was regarded a player, she had also heard he was looking to build a bachelor pad but currently lived in an Annex behind his parents big house. His Dad was a successful builder. It seemed it was hard to keep many things private on an island.
After our breakfast I left for the hospital to see Rupert. There was no change, no improvement. 
Chapter 10
Mark Tatchell had just set up a new bat deal with Isaac and was charged up. Getting a good communication line set up with the most influential player in a side was like being dealt a pair of Aces at Poker, it had great potential. He called Edward to update him and to thank him for the early talent spot on Isaac. Their side-line of setting up fixes was dependent on bribing players but they needed players that could be relied upon to deliver and that meant the best. They also needed to be very patient and only spring into action when the right conditions presented themselves.
Mark had negotiated a payment for $200k due after the match and conditional on the achievement of 2 in-play forecasts predicted by him. This had proved to be the most successful fix and whilst it wasn't watertight it had worked for them on average 4 times out of 5. The $200k would either come from professional Asian gamblers Mark had got to know over the years or from the illegal and unregulated Indian bookies. On this occasion it was from one of the 4 main bookies based in Nagpur that specialised in "in play" betting and a man called Ajay he was hugely wealthy but gambling was in his blood and he loved to have an edge over the punters and other betting exchanges he used to underwrite his exposure. He knew the odds of success and Mark had always been upfront with his success record.
"Edward" Mark said, "we're on $200k for 2 fixes plus whatever we make on our own bets. What do you think will work?"
"I think Isaac could do both for us on his own but we need to work on him slowly so think we offer him $50k to go lower than the first 10 over target and then pay Larelle to sort out his bowlers and field placement to ensure England go higher in a Day 3 or 4 10 over bracket." Edward replied.
"That works for me, how will you let them both know what the targets are that they need to beat?" Mark asked.
"Well for Isaac it will be easy enough to tweet something anomalously," said Edward, "but for Larelle as he will be on the pitch I'll agree in advance for it to be the 30th or 40th 10 over spell and tell him to do whatever he can to allow England to score the more the better. He knows the score and has done this for us a few times before so he knows he needs to be subtle." 
"OK we have a few days I'll call Isaac and offer him a way to increase his Predator deal and see if he goes for it. If he doesn't we'll think again about what we can do. It's a shame we don't have anyone in the England team we can use anymore, have you had anymore thoughts about who is worth offering a Predator contract to, who is likely to stay in the team?"
Edward replied, "No but the current bunch aren't reliable enough to risk anything on or are too straight."
They finished the call and were starting to think about what they might use $50k for.  
Chapter 11
I agreed to meet Sanjay Drakhar, when he made contact with me that morning, to see what he could do for me and also what I would need to do in return. I had never felt the need for an agent when I played and had trusted my own judgements on agreeing playing contracts. In my playing days we all talked relatively openly about what we were being paid and I knew towards the end of my career I was getting well above the market rate. I had moved around a bit to get it but knew from personal experience staying at the same place for too long restricted potential earnings. The only personal sponsorship deals I did were for a car and for my bats. I stopped the car deal as soon as I could afford to as I hated having my name transferred all over it, it was far from discreet.
I agreed to meet Sanjay for a coffee later that afternoon and as he had said he was trying to improve his golf game he suggested we met at Apes Hill Golf Club so we might have a round afterwards if I wanted. Sanjay and Chloe were already there when I arrived and got up to greet me as soon as I walked through the main entrance. Chloe looked as impressive as I remembered her from a few nights ago, Sanjay looked to be my age and was dressed in a smart blazer, open collared button down white Ralph Lauren shirt and smart chinos. He had expensive looking brown suede penny loafers with the tassels and his watch, which was loosely hanging around his wrist, looked impressive probably a Rolex or Omega I thought. I tried not to stare at it. Sanjay led us to a private room where coffee and tea had been laid out with some big homemade style cookies. Chloe sorted the drinks out for us and then joined us at the table looking out into the impeccable gardens.    
"Sam we have been so impressed with your commentary of the first test match and as such a well-regarded former player we would love for you to consider joining our stable here at Sportz" said Sanjay. The business card he gave me said he was a Commercial Agency Director. 
"Look we can generate a big income for you without you needing to invest too much time or effort in return. We would want you to come across to India maybe 4 times a year as a minimum to attend glitzy events but these are timed around major tours and would be attended by many of your old friends. Cricket is so big in the sub-continent unlike England former players with a standing in the game like yours are treated like Gods. We have a network of businesses that we work with who all have customers that want a chance to get close to you and get a story to impress their friends and family with. That is what we arrange for them at Sportz, a chance for ordinary fans to rub the shoulders of their sporting heroes. Of Course if you enjoy the events there are many across all our territories that we would welcome and reward you for supporting. At this stage though I would just like to get you on board for the 4 Indian trips and we can then work out what type of endorsements suit you over the next few weeks and months, what do you say?"
I was unsure and felt uneasy so I asked Sanjay to give me an idea of what sort of money we were talking about. I was staggered with the reply he was offering more than I used to earn at the height of my playing career. I asked who else they had on the books so I could talk to them and sound a few out. 
Sanjay said, "Sam our client confidentiality is very important and we don't share details of our arrangements. Some of them are on an event by event basis, some for a set period and some are on a lifetime basis it depends on how things work out and the levels of public interest. All I will say is that there is a lot of jealousy as the rewards increase significantly the longer period of commitment."
At this stage there was not even the slightest mention of a connection to gambling, which I had feared, and I wondered how this got introduced into these arrangements or indeed whether it would. I could not make things really stack up, there seemed to be far too much money involved. I did know though how big cricket had become. The popularity of T20 had exploded public interest, sponsorship deal values and player (current and former) values. Not before time I thought as we had all felt such poor relations when you considered what the footballers earned, even those in the lower divisions.
"Sanjay, thanks for coming to talk to me and for the offer. Chloe it was a great pleasure to meet again and thanks for setting this up for me. I never agree to anything without sleeping on things for at least a night. The first time I changed counties as a player I let my emotions play too big a part in the decision and I moved to the wrong team in my haste to leave Northamptonshire and that always stays with me. I will need to check the BBC have no issues with this so can I think things through and give you a call later?" I asked
"Sam you take as long as you need we are ready whenever you are. Ask Chloe any questions you may think of. I have asked her to be available to you to help in any way you may need, anyway at all." answered Sanjay.
I left wondering whether I had just been given special treatment by Sportz and if so why. I figured that they couldn't offer big money to all ex-players just to attend 4 gala awards dinners, they would go bust.
Chapter 12
I had arranged a day's horse racing with Dwayne before I had to leave for Guyana and seeing as Rupert's condition had not changed decided not to cancel. I knew I couldn't do anymore for him and he was in the best medical hands.
It was another hot day and shorts and tee shirts were the sensible choice. Dwayne picked me up in his 5 series BMW and after a short 30 minute drive we arrived at Garrison Savannah Race Tracks.
It turned out that Winston was a racing man as well, he was watching the horses in the paddock when we spotted him so we went over to say hi. He explained that he had always preferred watching horses to people during his downtime. He said he actually had a part ownership in a 3 year old filly that was running in the 3.30pm. 
Dwayne asked whether there were developments he could update us on. Winston said, "Look Guys between just us three please" Dwayne and I nodded our consent, "We have just picked up the dealer who Rupert had used and we have charged him with assault. His prints match those we took from the cloakroom and he had possession of the drug we think was used to inject Rupert. I don't expect there to be difficulty in getting him prosecuted and he will be facing a long sentence. It appears to be a simple drug motivated crime." Winston said he was pleased to have made the arrest as it meant he could take one more drug dealer out of circulation and he had been able earlier in the day to disclose to the press that the Barbados police had quickly and efficiently solved the crime, caught and arrested the perpetrator. Life would now return to normal without the media speculation and intense interest. 
Once Winston left them to go to the Owner's Box Dwayne said he was pleased that Isaac had not been caught up needlessly in the police investigations and thanked me for my discretion. My instincts still told me there was more to the attack than had been revealed. Why would the dealer want to kill Rupert? he might well have proved to be a good meal ticket over the next few months. I was, like the others, pleased that the attacker had been caught so quickly and satisfied myself that the attack could well have been stimulated by whatever drugs the dealer might have been using himself. 
Dwayne and I looked at the horses before selecting our first bets for the afternoon and then retired to the bar for snacks and beer. We decided to continue our little competitions by having a wager between ourselves on who would be most successful with the bookies. I finally won but the clincher for me was the decision to back Winston's horse although I wished in hindsight, as always, I had backed it to win rather than each way. I always love having bookies money in my pocket, to have some of their elastic bands, which they used around notes for quicker counting and paying, I disproportionately valued. 
As I had been lucky at the track I decided to treat myself back at the hotel with a massage from Elaine before the flight to Guyana.
Chapter 13
Elaine shut the treatment room door firmly behind Sam who had just walked in wearing his tight trunks after doing his customary 20 lengths. It was 7.30am and he was due to meet the others in reception at 9.00 ready for their flight. Sam figured the swim would relax his body a little however he had not figured on Elaine.
She was dressed in a white medical tunic that reached down to her waist and skin tight yoga leggings that left little to my active imagination as they revealed her toned frame.
"So Sam I wondered whether you would come and see me before you left. I have been thinking about what you might enjoy since you made the booking last night. Why don't you lie down on the table face up and I'll see where your body has tension." We both had a good idea where that might be.
She drizzled what she described as a fragrant essential oil onto my chest and stomach and pressed her hands down on him slowly rubbing in the oil. She worked around my upper body in considered circular motions. Elaine seemed to spend quite a lot of time with her breasts very close to my face. I said to myself, Stop Looking at them, remember to breathe, think of something other than touching her.
Elaine put some more oil into the palms of her hands and moved down to my feet. I know many people have foot fetishes but mine are just very ticklish. The way she touched my toes and the soft skin between my toes made me think that there must be something to it. She spread my legs out a little wider and started to rub the oil in more firmly as she worked her way up my legs. Left then right. When she got to the upper thighs on the left leg I felt a twitch inside my trunks which I wondered whether Elaine had noticed and as I looked down from the light fitting on the ceiling to check I found my eyes fall down the top of the tunic where I could see her lacey dark purples bra that was largely see through. This caused another tweak and a more substantial movement in the Northerly direction.
Chloe smiled and gave him a little wink, "Sam I think now might be a good time for you to roll over onto your tummy so I can work on your back." I gave her a smile and quickly reorganised myself and made myself comfortable lying face towards the door. Chloe then slipped off her tunic saying she had to do this to stop the oil getting it dirty. She then jumped on top of the massage table with a knee either side of my hips and liberally poured enough oil to massage both the shoulders and the back. Chloe surprised me with the power in her hands and she pressed more heavily down upon him from this position than she had been able to when she was stood by my side. She explained that she needed to work some tension knots out that had gathered and that she would apply more pressure. My right shoulder needed the most effort it seemed and Elaine said "You cricketers are all the same I don't think bowling does the body much good. It wouldn't be so bad if you had to bowl evenly left handed and right handed." Thoughts of cricket and bowling had distracted me from the arousal I'd felt earlier but this soon changed as I felt her soft breasts start to brush against my lower back. I turned a little to see if this was my imagination or not, only to find she had removed the purple bra explaining it away very calmly and naturally saying that the oil gets everywhere. She started to move her knees further down the table so she could work on what she described as my core. She rolled the top of my trunks down a little and slipped her fingers under the fabric as she continued heavily rubbing in circular motions. She reached for more of the oil and I thought I could feel that her nipples had a firmer touch than previously. I wondered whether she was having similar thoughts to my own, or indeed whether my imagination was taking over again. I considered whether I ought to say or do anything at this point and couldn't think of anything that didn't sound sordid or inappropriate. Things seemed to become easier when I shifted position slightly and caused Chloe to accidentally pour more of the oil than intended. The oil went through her fingers onto my trunks and down my legs onto the inner thigh of her yoga pants. She chuckled and said, "Oh Sam now look what you made me do, this oil has got all over our clothes and it won't come out unless soaked in water immediately. She got off the table and pulled down Sam's trunks putting them into the sink and then took off her pants. I felt as though he was having a surreal experience and although things were playing out as I had dreamed the previous night what I hadn't expected was for the dream to turn into a reality.
Chloe filled the sink with water and then returned to the table and put more oil onto Sam she said she could work more easily on Sam's core now the trunks had had to come off. Her dark skin seemed to shine where the oil had touched her. She flipped him back over and made sure Sam received a full coating of the essential oil.
She then said, "I think there is just one more thing to do before completing your treatment" and straddled Sam for the final time. After all the stimulation and the erotic setting I decided the best thing for me to do was not resist. As she bounced and writhed on top of me she whispered to herself, "Fancy both the BBC men you naughty girl" 
I smiled to myself as I realised what Beverly had been able to pull off with Don a few nights ago. 
Chapter 14
The ground that the second test in Guyana was to be played at the new Providence Stadium in Georgetown, it is the only current Test Match venue in South America. The pitch itself was not the quickest in the Caribbean and the English team knew they would have a good chance if only they could bat well. Winning the toss was critical as I could see from examining the surface for the pitch report, it was dry and hard and would deteriorate through the course of the match. I explained this to the listeners saying that I expected that the fast bowlers' spiked bowling boots would break up the ground which would be deteriorating and cracking anyway over the next few days due to the hot temperatures expected, so getting runs on the board would be important. I was dressed smartly as usual in a light blue shirt and a pair of flat fronted chino trousers. I decided not to use the traditional car key for this inspection in favour of the e-cigarette I had in my trouser pocket bought as an experiment on the internal flight. I felt uncomfortable doing the pitch inspection as this was Rupert's job and also for Beverly to be discussing this with me on air. I knew there was nothing I could do about it as the show had to go on.
Don seemed to have picked up a new lease of life having a sexy young co-presenter alongside him in the box. It appeared as if he had invested in more flamboyant clothing, a new hat (a straw trilby with a silk band) and linen suit were only just noticeable as it was the tone or two darkening of his hair that caught the eye. He had a glint in his eye and was obviously taking great delight in explaining the nuances of the game to the viewers but more significantly to Beverly. She encouraged him along and massaged his ego by asking him "as one of the game's foremost batsman", to explain to everyone how he would approach this match if he was playing. Don to his credit explained that the game had changed so much over the last 20-30 years since he was a player with runs being scored so much more quickly, but as usual he did stress the importance of England really concentrating on making a big score and their bowlers of finding a way of getting the man of the moment Isaac out early. Don explained that when he had played in Guyana it had been at a different venue and that he had played on the Bourda ground which had had a quicker surface for the fast bowlers to use. Don always took every opportunity to explain how he had to bat against some of the game's most hostile fast bowlers whether it was Lillee & Thompson or the relentless quartet of the West Indian fast bowlers of Garner, Holding, Roberts & Marshall, when their team was in their pomp. 
Beverly had also decided to grab her opportunity and was wearing a male friendly outfit, wasted for radio but not for getting noticed by the Sky teams who were working in the adjacent box in the Media Centre. A short skirt and a slightly transparent white top had most of the men drooling and finding any excuse possible to see her.
The West Indies got themselves into a fabulously strong position in the game by the end of Day 3. They had scored 380 runs in their first innings and had bowled England out for just 240 in theirs. They had finished the day on 100 for 3 wickets down making their lead already 240 and Isaac was established with 40 not out. In their usual close of play match summary Beverly was doing a good job of asking Don and me for our views on the player performances and the significant moments when news came in that Rupert had passed away. Beverly composed herself and broke the news on air saying how much he had been missed since the attack and how much the whole team had appreciated working with him and enjoyed spending time in his company. He knew how to enjoy life and had an enduring passion for the game that he had excelled at. Don was visibly upset so I introduced the montage that the production team had pulled together in preparation for this inevitable news. It had highlights from both his playing and radio careers.
We all went for drinks at the Ground's Executive Lounge after we went off air and raised a toast to Rupert. Many of the other media teams, along with staff and former players from the West Indian team, joined us to share condolences and it turned out to be an evening of camaraderie where many colourful tales involving Rupert were shared. 
A minutes silence was held before the start of Day 4 but that was the lull before the storm as Isaac piled on the runs in the morning session. He seemed more comfortable at the crease and played with increasing authority. The declaration came just after lunch and the game seemed as good as won by the West Indies. The chances of England saving the match were miniscule let alone winning. The pitch had broken up as I, and many others, had predicted and England had been demoralised by the beating they had been dealt in the field.
I was surprised to receive a message from Sanjay of Sportz during lunch which said had I made a decision about becoming part of their team. I had established that the BBC had no issue with this and had actually encouraged me saying that they were looking to build closer links on the subcontinent. I gave Sanjay a call from the hotel after Day 4 had finished, England ended on 120 for 4 and it seemed like just a matter of time before they lost.
"Hi Sam, thanks for calling me back. I was so sorry about Rupert and thought you and the team handled the communications with great dignity. I don't mean to put any pressure on you but wondered whether you had thought over our offer?" 
I said I was flattered and suggested I would be keen to meet up with a view to agreeing initial terms on a trial basis. Sanjay said, "Sam that is great we can set things up very quickly and I am sure we can both get a lot from working together. I have organised an all-expenses paid trip for 3 of our most important clients which I would love for you to join me on. It is really a luxury sightseeing tour in between the Test Matches. It will be for 2 days and I have commissioned a river boat to sail us along the Essequibo River so we can see the Kaieteur Falls. I thought Chloe could be your partner for the trip as I know she and you seem to get on. We would be a small party of 8 with me, you, the 3 clients, Edward Purcell and I have lined Isaac up to join us for the last evening. We can agree a starting contract whilst we cruise. I love being able to mix business with pleasure. Let me know if you can do it?"
"I'll make a few calls and confirm tomorrow Sanjay. I should tell you that Edward and me aren't really mates and have never really seen eye to eye."
I gave Yasmin and Dwayne calls straight after speaking to Sanjay and when they confirmed to me that it was likely to be one of the most memorable sights I could wish to see I decided I would go, despite Edward. I had promised myself to make the effort to see some of the sights on this tour having never previously bothered. I knew it would be a big effort to try and stay civil to Edward whilst we were on the same boat. 
I set up meetings with both for Antigua where the 3rd Test was to be played and agreed to meet Dwayne for a horse racing meeting at Bush Lot Farm Turf Club before the trip with Sportz.
Against all odds England nearly saved the match with their star batsman Neil Robertson and experienced wicketkeeper batting for most of the day. However, they were involved in a crazy run out which undid all their valiant work in stubbornly holding out for so long. After that the remaining wickets fell easily without the West Indian bowlers having to try too hard. Don was fuming and criticised the players’ lack of application and fight. It was understandable and he was only saying what needed to be said as was his usual style. It would have been one thing to lose the match easily as was expected but to have got so close to saving it, giving the supporters hope and then just collapsing at the end was infuriating. This was made worse as "Robbo" was left stranded not out on 75 to the delight of the packed Rohan Kanhai Stand.
When I was able to make my comments, after Don had run out of puff, I did wonder why Larelle Samuel, the experienced West Indian skipper, had not pushed harder for victory at the start of Day 5. I explained that the new ball was taken later than it could have been and that he had under bowled his best bowlers. I also criticised the defensive field placings, he couldn't have done much more to give the England batsmen a better opportunity to get in and get settled. 
I struggled to understand some of the decision making from the West Indian team but as the overall result had not been affected and they won, I kept these doubts to myself and gave them the benefit of the doubt. 
Chapter 15
As soon as Edward was in his luxury room in the Princess International Hotel, conveniently positioned next to Providence Stadium, he called his business partner Mark and told him, "That was another easy $50k Mark did you make anything extra with Rathan? I called him and made nearly as much again with 2 $10k bets on both our sessions."
Mark replied, "No I didn't get a chance but I look forward to the 50k coming through. I have been busy getting the finance in place for the Black brothers, Ian wants more money as he is worried that the coach will drop him if he starts off with another poor opening bowling spell. It's because his form has dipped that he wants to delay another fix until he has enjoyed better form and feels more confident of his place in the team. He'll do it but I will need to get him another 5k which the syndicate won't pay. I will have to take it out of our cut and hope to make it back from our betting what do you think?"
Edward said, "He is not in real danger of being dropped is he? I didn't think New Zealand had any viable alternatives have they?"
"No I think he is worrying needlessly but he has earned us a lot of money over the last year so I think we should pay him the extra and then leave it up to him when he wants to work with us again. I don't think putting him under pressure will do us any favours." replied Mark
"OK Mark I'm happy to go along with that, you have the main relationship with the brothers. What is the position with the Indians are they still as eager as ever?" Edward asked
"Yes both Rathan and Ajay are very happy but they hate it that we aren't exclusive. I think we could squeeze either of them if we made a commitment to show loyalty, they hate it when we have a fix on and they don't know what is going on. Ajay knows he will get stung by Rathan whilst Rathan hates missing a chance to make some money and most of all the chance to play being the man in the know who can get one over the bookies. I still think we need to play both sides to get a fair cut until or unless either of them want to give us more than they are currently talking about don't you Edward?"
"Agreed." Edward confirmed, "I like it that we can get a bookie or a syndicate to work with us. We just need to make sure our players don't get greedy and look to cut us out as I know both Ajay and Rathan have their local player contacts and would love to get to ours. Look I need to go there is a do for Rupert that I need to show my face at. Text me when the money comes over."
Edward then got showered and changed and went back to the ground to join up with his colleagues and pretty much all the cricket fraternity who were in the Caribbean. He'd played a bit with Rupert himself and knew he would miss not seeing him around, he was part of the establishment.
Chapter 16
Winston's next assignment was to lead the investigation of a missing 15 year old boy who was thought to have been kidnapped and shipped to the Caribbean to be used in the sex industry. The Superintendent of Detectives had explained to Winston that the Indian authorities had been able to establish that the boy was shipped to Barbados by a port official in Mumbai who the Indian police had threatened with arrest and being charged with handling counterfeit goods unless he came clean. The illegal imports of drugs and weapons were commonplace for the police to investigate but this new case implied that a new trend had started involving the trafficking of young Indian boys. The Superintendent, Winston's boss, implied that the Indian authorities might not have noticed an orphan boy from the slums but this boy's father was a policeman and the race to find him was on. It would be great PR to return him safe and sound.
Winston knew he had been asked to search for a needle in a haystack but the evidence from India established that there was a strong belief that he had been taken to satisfy a client in Barbados and that this was not the first such export. Crimes with children involved were always the most challenging as it tended to involve the worst type of lowlife. He suspected the Indian family would be tearing themselves apart with worry and for this to happen to another police officer just made things seem worse.
Over the last twenty years since he had become a detective his work had taken him onto many of the islands of the Caribbean and he was used to the illegal movement of goods. The coastlines were so vast that anyone with a decent boat could smuggle things around especially if they had a little money to get themselves out of trouble. Counterfeit clothes, cosmetics, cigarettes and technology seemed to get distributed to even the most remote of locations.
A week into the case and his usual enquiries had not produced any leads so he thought he would check in with the dealer who had confessed to Rupert's murder. He did not suspect a connection but he had a hunch that there was more to the case than he had needed to uncover. He knew he was well known in the gay community from the recent investigation he had managed and he wondered whether one of his customers might have revealed some information to him. Winston figured if he should know anything there was a strong likelihood that he would consider helping if his sentence could be reduced or his privileges improved.   
He decided to take a ride into the country and go to St Philips, the easternmost parish of Barbados, where Her Majesty's Dodd’s jail was situated. This custom built prison was built in 2007 to replace the previous prison in Glendairy that got burnt down in wicked rioting. It was home to around a thousand inmates.
Cooper Johnstone had not enjoyed life since his conviction, for what was now the murder of Rupert Snowden, he had 20 years to serve and even with good behaviour he would be very lucky to be out before he'd spent 15 years. Nevertheless he had weighed up the options carefully before he chose to kill with what he had been sure would be a lethal injection. If he had refused the instruction he would have signed his own death warrant and one which he was left in no doubt would be torturous. He had done the best and the only sensible thing. He just wished he had been given more time to plan it properly so that he could have better covered his tracks. Deep down Cooper knew he did not have the resolve to commit suicide but it was a daily debate he was having with himself as prison life so far had been worse than his fears. Cooper was happy to meet Winston again as he would make a change from his fellow inmates and the guards, both of these were aggressive and homophobic and did little to put him at ease.
"Cooper, I've heard you are having a tough time settling to prison life is this right?" Winston asked.
Cooper looked at Winston with a resigned, melancholic stare saying, "You heard right but what can I do about it?"
Winston replied, "Look, I don't want to raise your hopes but I may be able to get your circumstances reviewed if you were able to help me with a few enquiries. Are you interested or am I wasting my time?"
Cooper knew he had little to lose so he agreed to at least listen. As he was told about the missing boy his mind flashed back to the boys Isaac had boasted to him about. Maybe, he thought, these ill-advised boasts could now be worth something to him.
Winston studied Cooper closely and thought he could see that Cooper knew something and wondered what? After a few moments Cooper broke the silence by saying, 
"Winston, I have got myself into this mess by getting myself stupidly mixed up with let's just say the wrong type of people. I would never be safe in here or anywhere else if they found out that I gave you information that compromised them. I would never get to benefit from a sentence reduction."
Winston had never offered protection and a new identity before but knew it had been organised before, he knew that would be what he needed to offer before he could get whatever Cooper to talk about whatever he might know. He said, 
"Cooper you need to think about what you want. I maybe able to help you start over somewhere else as somebody new but you will need to tell me all you know. These boys no matter how poor don't deserve this and the boy I need to find has parents who want him back before it's too late." 
Cooper could see a ray of light as soon as the words 'start over' were said. From his first few days in prison he now knew that the risk of being killed, no matter how horridly was not so much worse than having to stay where he was and serve his sentence. He knew the life he was now living was a slow death in any event. The main concern for him was would Winston deliver on a fresh start, especially once he realised all he could declare was that Isaac had had access to these boys and had violated at least one of them. What he was worried about was that if the police started investigating Isaac it wouldn't be long before Isaac worked out who pointed them at him. Isaac had proved he had good connections into the criminal world with the instruction to kill Rupert, so Cooper didn't fancy his chances unless he had a watertight new ID and a different country to live. 
Chapter 17
I booked out of the Princess International and was met by Chloe who was going to drive me to the river boat. She had finished her coffee with Beverly and we said Goodbye to her and I said I looked forward to meeting up in Antigua for the 3rd Test. She looked quite put out, maybe it was to be missing out on the excursion or maybe it was being left more isolated with Don for a couple of nights.
Sanjay invited the waiting guests onto the river boat and said how delighted he was to be able to host everyone on what he, on behalf of Sportz, was sure would be a breath-taking cruise. He spent a few moments introducing everyone and then walked the guests around the boat. I thought Edward looked even more smug and self-satisfied than usual which was really saying something and wore an MCC blazer with pink chinos looking every bit the arrogant upper class twit. 
There was an outside viewing deck and a lounge area inside for guests to enjoy the sensational scenery and a dining room where food would be served. Sanjay explained that he had hired a renowned chef who had designed a menu that should appeal but that he would be very happy to try and accommodate any special requests. There was a good selection of drinks stocked on board and a cocktail waiter who would be delighted to mix your favourites at any time.
He suggested that everyone should make themselves comfortable in the lounge or up on deck as the boat was prepared to set sail and whilst the staff took luggage into the cabins and enjoy a welcome glass of Champagne.
Sanjay had a very relaxed and easy charm and was able to spend a few moments with all of us making sure that everyone was at ease. When he got to me he asked whether after dinner I would mind talking about the series with Edward, and how we both thought the remaining 3 tests would play out. I agreed as I had become increasingly comfortable talking cricket over the last few weeks it had seemed to be all I was really doing. I realised and accepted I would need to sing for my supper to justify my not inexpensive place on the luxury boat. I asked Sanjay if Isaac was still due to join up with the party the following day and Sanjay confirmed that he was. I was very interested to ask him a few questions. 
I was interested to see Edward and the businessmen so quickly sat together seemingly very comfortable with each other and they were quickly discussing business and working on their phones and tablets. Chloe and Sanjay's wife were also quickly in discussions about the decor of the boat and the menu that had been put on the tables. This left me and Sanjay an opportunity to go up on deck. Sanjay was keen to agree the terms of a contract and get our relationship on a solid commercial footing. 
Sanjay said, "Sam, all of the senior team at Sportz are delighted you are agreeable to developing a working relationship with us. We have admired you for a long time and know together we have excellent potential to create mutual advantage. We are an excellent fit as so many of our clients are from the subcontinent we are keen to diversify a little and build our business in England as it is the home of the game. You could help us recruit the right people from both former and importantly current players. Also now you are working for the BBC I am sure you will be closer to the game and have interesting insights. The BBC is held in very high regard in Asia and its programmes are extremely popular you know, maybe that might lead us to identify some business opportunities in the future?"
I said, "I don't know about all of that Sanjay but I am happy to talk to them if you have ideas in the future and we can see where that takes us. As you know I am in no position to guarantee what tie ups they may or may not want to consider. Speaking just for myself I have thought about your original offer and I am happy to sign up for 3 initial trips to India in the first year and would be happy to discuss further opportunities as they occur."
Sanjay replied, "Sam you will be treated like royalty by Sportz and I hope you will decide to attend many more than just 3 of our Indian events but I am happy to amend the base contract for Year 1 if we can get you signed up during this cruise. It would be quite a coup for me to send this over to the office. We can then get our PR team to look at product and company endorsements that work for you and build a schedule of communications that we can agree where we would take our small 15% cut. I think there will be many of these that will be big income generators for us both that will develop quickly into other opportunities. I will print out a contract now as I know the Indian guys here are very keen to know whether they can talk to you about opportunities but I have told them we were hoping to finalise a contract today" I cut in with a hint of a smile I couldn't keep off my face, "Sanjay before you print anything for me to sign I wanted to discuss the basic payment. I think you could increase this further and I would not be negotiating properly if I didn't give you this opportunity to do so. It seems to me that Sportz are very keen for my signature and subsequent endorsement and have many opportunities already in the pipeline."
"Sam I appreciate the opportunity but we gave you an excellent offer at the outset there is very little I can throw in at this stage" Sanjay replied
I quickly replied, "Sanjay I am a captive audience for you for the next 2 days why don't you check in with your boss and talk my request over. I am sure you can sweeten this further with your influence."
Sanjay smiled and said, "Sam I don't need to call anyone else I control the client relationships. My final offer is to add a further 10% to the base contract payment but this would require the 4 trips not 3 and will require you to commit for 18 months not 12. Do you want to think that through?"
It seemed like we were both enjoying the horse trading and knew that an agreement was going to be immediate as neither of us wanted to consider things further especially when we had both made up our minds to work together already.
"Sanjay I am happy to do the 4 trips so 6 in total over the 18 months but for a further 6 month contract extension make the increase 15% and you have a deal." I offered.
"Sam you drive a hard deal for a cricket player. I will stick my neck out for you and agree to your terms. This is the strongest deal Sportz has offered a new recruit you should be very pleased. Please assure me the details stay just between ourselves. Here let’s shake hands on it." Sanjay beckoned the waiter to open another bottle and then we stood and shook hands and Sanjay gave me a hug whispering, "It's great to have you on the Sportz team let's celebrate and enjoy the trip."
Chapter 18
Winston had got up early as usual and found himself deep in thought as he ate his typical breakfast of a granola with dried fruit. His wife was a career woman who had a challenging job as a Recruitment Consultant. This meant that they often missed each other in the evenings or mornings dependent on their schedules. Winston knew this worked well as if she wasn't so driven and committed to her career she could well have got even more frustrated with his commitment and immersion into his cases. The job of detective had cost many of his colleagues their marriage. 
He was due to meet the Superintendent again to agree what Cooper could be offered by way of protection if he agreed to tell them what he knew about the Indian boy. His concern was that Cooper's information might not be useful enough for them to find the boys or to make the arrests. He would be a laughing stock if they went to all the trouble and cost of looking after a murderer and got nothing in return. It was not too late for him to back away from asking the Superintendent and he knew if he was hesitant himself the request would not be granted.
Winston sat down with his coffee and a pad of paper and brainstormed all the possible links that could connect Cooper to the boy. There was the homosexual community; a cricketing link with Rupert and of course drugs. 
He decided before he put his reputation on the line with the Superintendent he would concentrate on trying to explore these potential links further.
He called the Superintendent and left him a voicemail to explain what his plan was and then began to gather a list of known drug users that may have used Cooper and who consequently might have some information. He would then make plans to speak to them in a priority order of profile. Later during that morning the Superintendent called him back to say that whilst he understood his thinking he was not to lose sight of the importance of this case and subsequently he was to be given a talented new recruit on a full time basis to help him for a week and if after this he was no clearer they would progress taking a gamble with Cooper.
Chapter 19
The river boat travelled at a steady pace following the snaking path of the Potaro River. The boat's captain explained that we were sailing through the Kaieteur National Park which was in Essequibo Territory and would arrive at the waterfall the following day by mid-morning and that they would sail gently through the evening and right through the night so that there would be plenty of opportunity to fully experience this stunning natural wonder. I was told that the Kaieteur Falls were 4 times bigger than Niagara Falls and far more powerful due to both the high volume of falling water and the falling distance of over 200 metres. I had taken Jenny, Suzzie and Tom to the US to see Niagara Falls about 6 years earlier when the kids were very small and before my relationship with Jenny started to deteriorate. They were great memories and thinking about it then made me think more about my lost family life. I still couldn't rid himself of the anger that lived within me. If I had slept around like many of the other married players I knew, that would have been a justification but just because she felt she could do better and wanted a higher classed husband, someone with Rupert or Edward's background, that would always hurt. I was starting to recognise that she had always been somewhat reluctant and knew deep down she would not have accepted my proposal if I had not done everything so wholeheartedly. If she could have seen an easy way out back then I thought now she would have taken it. In hindsight I wished I had given her more of an option but I knew she was all I ever wanted and if I hadn't pushed her I would never have forgiven myself. I now couldn't help myself from feeling sorry for the kids for having to live through a separation and for myself. I had realised it was properly over though and that I had to focus my efforts on trying to keep the good relationship I knew I had with the kids. I knew Tom was less at risk than Suzzie as he loved sports and having a former England hero as his real Dad had real kudos. I wished they could both be with me and decided to see if Jenny would let me fly the kids over for a few days. I decided to e-mail them all to make the invitation knowing that this would now be hard for Jenny to refuse them. I knew if I only asked Jenny she was likely to refuse without even asking them.
Chloe got up from her conversation with Sanjay and his wife Ravina and joined me, asking the waiter to get her a gin and tonic. I took her lead and ordered a beer. The waiter ran through the beer options of Red Stripe, Tiger, Heineken, Guinness & an English Ale that he said they got just in case I fancied a change from light lagers. Apparently Beverly had got this tip, from one of her many contacts, for Chloe. I ordered the Ale it would have been rude not to.
Chloe was wearing a white blue and pink floral dress that looked quite similar to what Jenny often wore, I like women in summer dresses. Whilst I didn't have all I wanted from my life I acknowledged that I was still doing pretty well. The company of beautiful women, excellent food and wine and employers that were increasingly picking up my tab. Chloe leant in towards me and whispered secretly for me to fill her in on the gossip about Beverly. She revealed that there was a rumour that she had used her feminine wiles to secure her place on the broadcasting set. I was hit with her delicate fragrance which I knew was likely to be an expensive designer's perfume and enjoyed being in her close company. I decided not to betray a confidence as I knew nothing good would come from fuelling the rumour further but did suggest that the chemistry between Don and Beverly was very entertaining to watch at close quarters. I had to admire Don's self-confidence that Beverly could find him attractive at his advanced age. Chloe suggested that men with influence and experience had always been very attractive and smiled knowingly at Sam. 
After three very moreish Southwold Bitters I knew I ought to think about getting changed ready for their dinner. All of the other guests apart from Sanjay's wife had gone to their cabins to get ready and just as I was about to get to my feet Ravina approached me to say, "Sam you do know that Chloe is honoured to be your partner on this trip and she would be delighted if you let her spend as much time as you want with her. I put you two in adjoining cabins so you can chat and get to know each other with a little privacy, there is a connecting internal door which only closes on your side if you want it to - I have slid it open for the time being. Sanj has mentioned to me that you are separated from your wife and we don't think a man like you should be alone unless you want to be." Ravina headed off with a smile and said she would see him for dinner a little later and was looking forward to hearing his views on the cricket saying she was a massive cricket fan.
Chapter 20
Winston had decided to take his newly assigned colleague, Constable Derek Beckles to HM Dodd’s prison to meet Cooper before they went to the station to establish their plan of action. Derek, by all accounts, was a future star in the department and had impressed many in his short career. He had a great attitude and clearly wanted to learn quickly from others with more experience, which combined with his impressive physique, 6 foot 4 and 17 stone all muscle, all helped him get noticed. Winston briefed him to watch Cooper's body language carefully to see if he thought what he said was genuine. He wanted to be straight with Cooper and tell him what his intentions were, but he also wanted him to know that he had a weak case for getting the Superintendent to decide whether to invest in a protection programme.
Cooper thought it may not be long before he saw Winston again he had thought of nothing else over the last 2 days. He almost wished he had not allowed himself to think he had any hope of release as he knew it made acceptance of his position harder. But he could not help himself. He was lying on his cell bed with its pathetically thin mattress when the guard came to tell him he was wanted for another interview with the police. 
"Thanks for agreeing to another meeting Cooper I appreciate you could have refused and I would have understood. This is Constable Derek Beckles, he has been assigned to work on this investigation with me." Winston explained. Cooper looked at Derek and shook the hand he offered him. Derek looked to be in his mid-twenties with cropped hair and he looked fit and strong, Cooper found him a very pleasing sight. 
Winston continued, "I came to explain that I have had initial conversations about whether we can offer you anything in return for any information you might be able to share. The decision we have arrived at is not to offer anything until we have explored other lines of enquiry first. Should these enquiries not progress the case substantively over the next week we will review this decision as the case has such a high level of importance. India is an important commercial partner and as such we are committed to a quick resolution. I appreciate this is perhaps not what you wanted to hear but I felt it was only right for me to explain matters. My leverage would increase if you were able to provide any reassurance on the value of your information."
Cooper replied, "OK I understand but any information I may decide to provide would only be on the assurance of being taken out of this prison and given a new legit identity that was untraceable. If I stayed here I don't fancy my chances of getting away with helping you and I think I can."
Winston got up and said, 
"I understand and will be back one way or the other in a week. If you think of anything you may want to tell me in the meantime call me on this mobile." Winston took out his notebook and wrote a number on it before tearing the page out, folding it in half and passing it to Cooper as they knocked on the interview room door to be let out.
They got back into Winston's car and drove to the station. Derek suggested to Winston that he thought Cooper looked scared but felt he was not inventing his belief about not being safe. Winston agreed that Cooper seemed sincere and asked Derek whether he felt Cooper would be safe for the next few days as presumably the people he could implicate could well assume he would drop them in it for the right inducement. Derek thought this over but was unsure and said so but added that with the uncertainty it might be sensible to get the prison to restrict his contact with other prisoners. Winston told him to make the arrangements.
At the Police Headquarters on Roebuck Street in the St Michael's District of Barbados, Winston explained what he felt they needed to concentrate their time and efforts on, which was to deliver on the approach he had briefly explained to the Superintendent. To find out who Cooper supplied, where he sourced his gear from and who he circulated with. He agreed that Derek should use his contacts in the Operations Support Division to get a list of known users, middlemen and dealers and to then agree on a plan of surveillance. He shared his opinion that one of these would be the link they needed. He explained that he would try to establish what and who brought in goods from India.
Chapter 21
Chloe knew that her role with Sportz was to build relationships with key clients and she had an inner resolve that she would increasingly become valued for her shrewd business sense and not just her looks. 
She first met Sanjay almost 10 years earlier when she was in her late teens and had just started working for a modelling agency based in Delhi. She had left her family and village knowing that despite her academic aptitude her looks were her only real passport to a better life and they wouldn't last forever. The agency paid their models based on popularity with clients and she quickly learnt how to maximise her earnings. She used her intuition to identify key clients and tried to work out the relationships between them and the people they were entertaining. Back in those days Sanjay often used the best models to help him impress young cricketers and entice them to sign to his Player's Management firm. He noticed her early on and over the years worked increasingly successfully with her. When he moved to Sportz he recruited her on permanent contract and that was when she made lucrative connections with some of the big Bookies and Gamblers. They used her to set up married overseas players who they could then blackmail if they got cold feet about corrupting a game. She became expert in discreetly placing a hidden camera and engineering activities so a clear record of a player's infidelity was produced that was unquestionable.     
She did not have a problem putting on her well-honed act of being slightly star struck and just unbelievably lucky to be in the client's presence. Massaging the egos was always quite amusing to her as many were completely blind to it being an act, but massaging them literally was also a requirement. Usually if this was necessary it was where her act and her professionalism was tested to its limits as it still made her feel cheap and dirty. Chloe was not sure what I might want but seemed to be pretty clear on what she wanted and she was certainly not planning to have me frustrated or dissatisfied whilst Sanjay and Ravina were watching her work from such unusually close quarters. She still wanted the security of the job and its comparably generous pay to get herself set up the way she planned. She had decided to play the opposite of cool and aloof and took the opportunity that an open connecting door presented by only getting half ready for dinner whilst waiting for me to come back to the cabin to get ready for dinner.
Chapter 22
Derek felt very fortunate for his assignment to Inspector Winston Rollock, he had a solid reputation in the force for solving cases. It seemed to be universally accepted that he had an intuition that was uncannily accurate in identifying the motivation behind a variety of crimes. Derek wanted to use this opportunity to impress him so he could try to understand what made him tick. With this as his driving force he worked solidly in building the list of dealers and users. He referenced the names he got from his colleagues with any criminal records. He then looked at their addresses to make a judgement on financial status. Derek knew he was working on long shots as there was a strong drug culture on the island and creating a list of people who took cocaine would need a lot of ink. 
Winston had driven to Carlisle Bay where the major commercial port in Bridgetown was situated and where he met with the Port's Logistics Manager. He wanted to establish the frequency of shipments from India and what the records suggested was the cargo. The Logistics’ Manager introduced himself as Nelson Robbins and said he had been working at the port for the last 25 years. He had seen it grow from humble beginnings into an operation that now handled 700,000 cruise passengers and 900,000 tonnes of containerised goods. He explained that the Caribbean was importing textiles, software and pharmaceuticals from India via the large port in the Bahamas as well as into Bridgetown's deep water Harbour. He said that there was a growth trend of imports and solid potential for significant development as the politicians encouraged Indian investment. Nelson explained that closer links worked as India could be a good export location for petrol, sugar and agricultural products. 
Winston asked, "How would a few Indian boys get smuggled into the Island and how might someone go about it?" Nelson said it would be possible for boys to be kept relatively easily in the 20 or 40 foot containers that the vessels typically brought in. He said it wouldn't be the most enjoyable journey across the Pacific Ocean but very possible. They did not open every container and even those that were checked were not fully emptied due to the enormous cost in time and manpower this would entail.
Chapter 23
I had left it late to change as I had enjoyed drinking the bitter, I was feeling relaxed with Edward keeping his distance and also hungry which I knew was a good sign as the food was sure to be excellent and it was almost ready. I slid my entry key card into the door lock and walked into the cabin. I started to undress, throwing my shirt on the bed and started the shower in the bathroom so it would be hot when I was ready. I then looked at the music system and was able to select some Hot Country from the list of genres available. I smiled at what some of my old mates would think as country music was so unpopular and invisible in the UK. It felt like a naughty secret. I can't help liking the lyrics and the emotional voices of singers like Billy Currington, Blake Sheldon and Keith Urban and their music's modern interpretation of the typical country music largely known in the UK of the likes of Dolly Parton, Crystal Gayle and John Denver. I gave the bed a big bounce as I sat on it to take off my shoes, trousers and socks. It was at this point that I could sense someone else in the room and looked around the room remembering I was connected to Chloe's. I could not see her so took a crafty peek into her cabin. She was either in her bathroom or already in the Dining Room enjoying an aperitif so I stepped out of my boxers, throwing them onto the bed with the rest of his clothes and went for my shower. The bathroom had steamed up whilst I had been messing around with the music and had been getting undressed. Not enough however for me to notice Chloe, naked, soapy and smiling.
"Hi Sam," she said "I thought I might help scrub your back and help you get ready come on in." I smiled back at Chloe struck by how even more beautiful she looked au naturelle. I considered asking her to leave for almost a second before I jumped in and gave her a big hug and kiss. "Chloe you are full of great ideas I always struggle to get my back washed properly."
We both knew that it would be disrespectful to be late for such a well prepared dinner so after some soapy rubbing and teasing Chloe left me to enjoy my shower and got dressed. I also dressed quickly and we went to dinner just about on time.
The chef was relieved to count up that all of the guests were present and then explained what they would be eating. He made all the dishes sound fantastic and I remember having a main course of freshly caught Red Snapper which had been tenderised and marinated and started with an amazing garlic dressed Lobster. 
He also explained how the wines were complementary to the food. I wondered why more and more restaurants didn't seem to get the Chefs or Waiters to talk you through the choices as it certainly whetted my appetite and enriched the whole experience. I then reassessed and wondered whether I was perhaps not going to the right places.
As prearranged between the main course and coffee Edward and I spoke about the series and encouraged questions whilst the group ate their desserts. I was struck by the detailed nature of the businessmen's questions.     
"What will happen in Antigua Sam?" asked Rathan, Sanjay had told me he was the owner of a very successful textiles business. 
I answered by saying "My prediction is that it will be a very tight match but that England will win, but only if they can stop Isaac from taking the game away from them." At the back of his mind I knew Isaac would be joining us tomorrow evening for a few hours and I wasn't about to risk upsetting him before we'd met.
Saeed followed up with, "How would you advise a team to get him out?" to which Edward answered, "That is a very good question but really it is about doing the basics well, building pressure through bowling good lines and length. All batsmen relax if they can score so dot balls are critical. I would get the fields in tight to try and force him to hit the ball over the top of them. If the ball is hit in the air this adds risk." I had to concede reluctantly Edward's answer was spot on and the one I would have given.
Rathan asked, "Which 4 of the players do you rate from either side to become increasingly important to their teams?"
The questions kept coming which I had not expected but I enjoyed giving my opinions and providing their justifications. Sanjay basked in the easy flow of the session and the obvious appreciation that the businessmen showed in the opportunity he had facilitated for them. He knew the answers we were providing would quickly be used for many sophisticated betting strategies later that night. 
We all retired to the lounge and upper deck and continued talking about cricket and the form of various players. I became clearer as the night wore on why Sportz would be paying me so much money and was starting to get a feel for what interested the businessmen. They wanted the inside track on suitability of techniques and styles for different conditions, appraisals of form in training, they loved any ideas on tactics likely to be employed. As we talked over a few glasses of whiskey into the night it felt like they were treating Edward and I more like an employees than guests and were speculating on how betting patterns might change if we shared certain insights during our broadcasts. 
I decided that if I knew a little more about the Indian's betting habits it may prove useful in honing my commentaries so I sat next to the Rathan, the most inquisitive and started to pick his brains. What an education I was given, no doubt assisted by the alcohol and possibly by a little macho bravado.
"Sam" Rathan explained, "In India betting is illegal you know. So the syndicates have to first bribe the police so they can be left to gamble, this is not a problem it has always happened you know. But what you must understand is we bet big far bigger than you British - we have bigger balls a normal bet is 1 lakh which is about 1200 quids."
I was shocked as I thought, with India being such a perceived poor country, the bets would be tiny.
"Which bookies operate then Rathan?" I asked.
"Well Sam, none of the companies you would know of in England" Rathan answered, "There are just a few main syndicates and they specialise either in pre-match odds or in play you know whilst the match is being played. There are only a few markets Indians use you see."
I pressed for a further understanding, I was curious what in play bets were possible having known players who had got in trouble for corruption but not really known what exactly they had done. I knew of the cases where no balls had been bowled at pre-agreed times but couldn't get my head around how you could profit from that. When I had pondered this before I thought any decent bookie would be too suspicious of offering odds against it happening. I also was well aware of attempts to fix whole matches but thought with so many variables at play this would be very risky for the punters to bet on and even riskier for the players to try and get away with it. 
Rathan explained, "In India it is very popular to bet on the 'brackets' these are usually 10 or 15 over sessions and the punter selects to back or lay the target set by the syndicate. They also bet on who will be the favourite to win the match at the end of a full innings or session."
Rathan went onto to explain that the odds set by the 4 syndicates got adopted, without amendment, by everyone involved and the money was handled by a pyramid type structure of 1st, 2nd and 3rd tier bookies with the tier established by the number of accounts they managed. He also explained it was a strictly cash business as the banks could not be used. The syndicates used a common pool of money that these illegal bookies paid into and then drew out of to minimise the needless movement of cash.
Rathan explained that little bits of inside information helped either the bookies in setting the odds or the punters in making a killing. He explained that punters were often as well connected as the bookies and also that the odds for in play fluctuated constantly and risk was frequently offset by using legitimate betting exchanges such as Betfair as a hedge.
I asked Rathan, "What side are you on then the syndicates or the punters?"
Rathan smiled and answered, "I am associated with the In Play syndicate and also like taking a punt and that is why I like the very latest information," 
The sentence hung in the air for a few moments before Rathan moved on to explain that the betting was something of a side-line to his real business interests which were in a textile production business and also some real estate and construction operations.
I hadn't been intimidated by Rathan but felt uneasier after their conversation than before, I certainly didn't want to cross Rathan, and he had given off an underlying impression of authority that wouldn't appreciate being questioned.
I thanked Rathan for the betting lesson and got up wishing everyone a good night's sleep. 
The night had something of the feel of a scout camp to me being out at night in the rainforest with the sounds of the river and forest but I knew my sleeping arrangements on this occasion would be far more enjoyable.
Chloe and Ravina briefly joined the men before saying goodnight and Chloe gave me a knowing smile as she walked off towards her cabin.
I impatiently gave it 5 minutes before I said Goodnight to the others and made my way back to the cabin feeling a little worse for wear and slightly unsteady on my feet. I opened the cabin door, I threw off my jacket and went into the bedroom where I saw Chloe. Through my alcoholic haze she looked fabulous wearing a sheer negligee and lounging on the inviting bed. She said,
"Sam now where had we got to in the shower earlier?" and crawled down the bed to approach me. I leant down to kiss her.  She undressed me more slowly than I would have liked and her hands and lips worked their way around my body whilst I closed my eyes and savoured the moment. It seemed clear to me that Chloe wanted to have some company so we spent much of the night taking full advantage of the large bed and the circumstances that had pushed us together. We woke to the rays of sun through the cabin window and the waft of grilled bacon coming from the kitchen, I was ravenous so we decided to get up and go into the dining room. I went a few minutes earlier than her to give her time to get dressed and also to be discreet not that I cared what Edward and the others might have thought. It was not as if I was cheating on anyone. 
Chapter 24
Winston had just received an e-mail with a list of the main importers from the Port and was interested to find that a clothing manufacturer called Krave was high up on the list. On researching Krave he established that the owner was a colourful character and a renowned socialite who was well connected in the glamorous fashion world. His company's clothes were frequently worn by the island's celebrities and the company was involved in high profile event sponsorship. 
Winston & Derick speculated that Cooper could have supplied cocaine to their models and if the boy had been smuggled in with the fabric perhaps one of the models might have heard or seen something and shared it with Cooper.
The men called Krave and made an appointment for later that day to speak to the owner.
Knave’s site was far bigger than the detectives had thought and their car park must have had over a hundred vehicles in it. It was situated in Speightstown, 12 miles north of Bridgetown in the northern parish of Saint Peter. Speightstown is the second largest town centre in Barbados with the first being Bridgetown. 
They parked up close to the main reception in the designated visitor spaces. As they walked in they were met by the owner, a Shelton Wallace who quickly took them up to his impressive office. There was a round glass topped table that the 3 men sat around and a secretary followed them in to offer drinks which were politely declined. Winston noted that Shelton very much looked the part of a successful businessman. He wore a well cut lightweight suit, a bright silk shirt and designer suede tasselled loafers. He looked a couple of stone overweight with a belly testament to living and eating well. 
Shelton explained a little about his business and how the business model worked by building his clothing brand through celebrity endorsement and association with high profile and glamorous events such as music concerts and new show launches. It had started in the late 1980's and only just survived the recession of the 1990's which ruined many other businesses. He explained that Krave continues to compete with lower cost importers, exempted from any import tariffs, so he has positioned it at the upper end of the market but still well below the superbrands such as Gucci, Prada and Boss.
Winston asked him about his connection with India and was told that textiles were imported in bulk from a manufacturer called Jupa in Mumbai. Winston asked if there was a contact there he could talk to. Shelton asked Winston what he was trying to find out as he pulled up the details for a Rathan Singh on his mobile. Winston explained that he was trying to find a boy that had been kidnapped and smuggled into the Caribbean from Mumbai to work in the sex industry. Shelton said it would be worth him calling Rathan first to forewarn him about the call and what Winston wanted to talk to him about which was agreed.
Shelton told Winston he and Krave had nothing to hide and would help in anyway possible. Winston thanked him and asked him if he could see whoever had responsibility for receiving the imported goods and where this was done. 
Chapter 25
Derek had established that the supply gap that Cooper’s incarceration had created was being filled by a number of other pushers but he was most interested in Larissa who his colleagues explained controlled the vast majority of the imported cocaine. She was the kingpin and the most notorious, reputed to be the most powerful drug supplier in the Caribbean. She did not have a criminal record and seemed to always be one step ahead of his colleagues in the Criminal Investigations Division who were in no doubt of her main line of business. They told Derek that she supplied the pushers like Cooper but never supplied the end user herself. Derek thought she might be tempted to push whilst she groomed a new Cooper to push to the highest end clientele. He decided to stake out her glitzy beach fronted mansion situated on the fashionable platinum coast in the parish of Saint James. He wanted to see who she met and what she was getting involved with.  
She left her property that evening and Derek followed her discreetly to a high class local restaurant called Scarlet, reputed for its international cuisine, and he was able to photograph the man she was having dinner with. Derek thought that this had to be a business dinner as the man didn't look anything like Larissa's type. He thought his physique was far too slight and his demeanour too nervy to be any match for Larissa who was an imposing presence, strong and solidly built. Derek established later that it was Elvis Holden, the Marketing Manager for Krave, who selected the models for their different engagements. It seemed more than a coincidence that the Krave business was in some way connected to India and now to Larissa. 
Whilst Winston's objective for this investigation was to get prosecutions for the ring leaders he was being put under pressure to get quick results so he decided that a bottom up approach could well expedite the search for the missing boy. He got clearance to raid all the seedy nightclubs early the next morning and instructed the officers to search all premises and round up all the foreign working girls or boys for interviewing. He also got the Superintendent to sign off the search warrants to ensure any complaints from the owners were headed off and the operation had a legal footing. 
Chapter 26
After a leisurely breakfast and a second cup of strong black coffee, which I was advised was called Blue Mountain and had been grown from Jamaica coffee beans, it was time to sail up close to the waterfall. Sanjay informed the Group that the plan was to get off the boat once the captain had moored just a few hundred metres from the fall. They would then walk through the rainforest to view the water cascading and crashing down. There would be time for swimming and a waterside barbecue before they embarked and sailed off to Zen's Plaza, the venue for this evening's party which was in the nearby town of Bartica. They were due to meet Isaac at the venue where he had agreed to discuss the next match before cocktails and before the band Sanjay had organised would start.
The whole party agreed that the waterfall was spectacular and I made a point of taking a video and numerous photos so I could share the experience with Tom and Suzie. I had never been one to take photos but knew I had no one to do it for me and as I liked looking at them I needed to start. Isaac was only with the group a short while but was charming and polite. He was with a model he introduced as Jade and she explained that she had rich parents but did a little modelling for fun. Isaac said that the WI had not had such a good record in Antigua over the last 10 years and the team was desperate to record a win and put themselves in an unassailable position in the series i.e. 3 up with 2 to play. The businessmen asked Isaac about the conditions he was expecting and the anticipated team selection. They also asked how his captain was doing following the criticism he had received despite the win in the last match. Isaac answered as I had expected saying that he expected the same team to be picked and for the wicket in Antigua to be quite similar to the last one. He said that Larelle Reynolds his skipper would answer the critics as he had done in the past and hoped he would score heavily to improve his confidence.
I did not see any warmth between Jade and Isaac and said to Chloe that it seemed odd that such a beautiful girl like her was being paid so little attention. Chloe suggested that Isaac had the pick of any girl so perhaps he was taking her for granted. I nodded in agreement but thought his behaviour does nothing to deny Rupert's tip off that Isaac was secretly gay. As the music started my mind wandered off trying to think of any gay pro sportsmen let alone cricketers. I could only think of a few and when I considered it only one had come out publically whilst they were establishing their career. It was more normal for recently retired players to make any admission. I figured this was not normal and would have expected sexuality proportions to be similar regardless of profession. I wondered about how this might affect performance levels and the stress involved with hiding this type of secret. I cast my mind back over my career thinking about those players who seemed never to have partners and those that never seemed able to hold down a relationship. I knew now having researched the topic that India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Zimbabwe and Bangladesh as well as Antigua, Barbados, Trinidad, Guyana, St Lucia, St Kitts, St Vincent & Jamaica were all countries that made homosexuality illegal. Half of all the cricket playing nations, cricket is clearly not the sport to take up if you are that way inclined. I had had no idea. 
I was jolted out of these thoughts as Sanjay and Isaac approached.
"Hey Sam," said Isaac "You seem to have the media guys buzzing and our friends at Sportz" he gave Sanjay a little wink "It’s good to have someone who really knows what's going on in the commentary box for a change, some of the old boys are out of touch."
"Thanks Isaac I appreciate that. You know I never expected to be doing this but its funny how things pan out. You seem to be batting better than ever what's your secret?"
Isaac laughed and replied "Hey I don't know I guess I decided this was my time and to play my game. My confidence is good which really helps and knowing I am one of the first names on the team sheet has helped me to relax a bit more."
"You would be the first name on most people's team sheet Isaac you are now a match changer" I said hoping not to sound too much like another sycophant. Sanjay said, "Sam what do you think about setting up a win win for all three of us? I suggested to Isaac it would be good for us all if you did a 20 minute lunchtime interview with Isaac during the Antiguan test. It would be a good scoop for the BBC, good for both of your profiles and I can benefit a little too by referring to it with our stakeholders. You know letting them know that Sportz has the best in the business onside."
Isaac supported Sanjay saying, "Sam I'll do it, as long as it is not after me getting a duck or dropping a sitter - I think it would work well. I want to take advantage of my form and raise my profile in the UK."
I smiled, "Isaac I'll make the calls and let you know what's possible - give me your number and I'll get in touch. Anyway you don't have to worry too much about profile as far as I can see everyone wants a bit of you." He looked over at Jade and winked conspiratorially at Sanjay and Isaac.
"Sam she is just another golddigga although to be fair it is not money for Jade but it is attention. Hey that works for me though I can't say I don't like the spotlight and she is photogenic isn't she?"
Sanjay and I nodded in undisputed agreement. "Isaac how about you doing something for me? I am hoping to arrange for my son Tom to fly over to join me for a few days in Jamaica and he would love to meet you, would you say hello to him? maybe we could have a net. You will need to take it easy though he has just turned 10 so try not to smash his fast bowling."
Isaac eyes lit up and he said, "Sam you can count on it just let me know when and where." He then checked his glitzy watch and said, "Sanjay I need to split there is a party back uptown let’s see those businessmen so I can get moving? Sam nice to catch up with you let’s talk soon, enjoy the rest of the night" he then winked in a similar fashion to the way Sam had earlier whilst casting his eye to Chloe. 
For the next half an hour I watched as Isaac and Rathan spoke at some length wondering what they might have to talk about in such an animated fashion. I figured they must have successfully concluded their conversation when they shook hands and Sanjay walked Isaac outside. I hoped he wasn't compromising his future by getting mixed up with such obviously big gamblers. I felt wary in their company and I had long since finished playing.   
Chapter 27
It was 5.30am, just a few hours after Winston had orchestrated the police raids on the island's exotic nightclubs, and Elvis was driving to the factory to meet his partner and the Production Manager as pre-arranged. These hook ups had fallen into a regular pattern whereon the third delivery of Indian textiles, from Jupa Supplies, had the Bolivian cocaine hidden amongst the fabric. Wesley had explained to Elvis that the Indians would choose the cheapest fabric consignment and sew 5kg packets into every other roll. Wesley needed to unwind the 50m rolls until he could cut the packets out. It was a ball ache for him and something he had done well before the shift started at 8.30 and the seamstresses started their shifts. He didn't mind knowing the money Elvis and he were making out of the powder.
On these delivery days Elvis ensured he would get to the factory by 7.30 to collect the bags and drive them to the drop off point pre-arranged by Larissa. Elvis had just changed cars and had enjoyed the drive listening to music on its high performance stereo. He always got an adrenaline rush when he was handling drugs. He knew he had got himself into a dangerously illegal operation and was taking risks that could get him into serious trouble. He tried not to think about it and had rationalised that the rewards justified the risks. He had however, started having trouble sleeping ever since he had been forced to meet Larissa. She made it crystal clear that she handled all the major cocaine distribution on the island and that he would have to sell all his shipment to her direct if he wanted to sell anything at all. It had only taken her less than a week to find out he had started importing and supplying and he hadn't hesitated in telling her all about these new Indian supplies. He had been scared witless when she had him picked up and taken to meet her and was relieved when they quickly made the agreement. He would now make a more modest 20% profit but it was easy money as he didn't need to worry about selling the drugs on. He loved the rewards, the bundles of cash that Larissa handed over but more importantly to him the closer relationship the business had encouraged with Wesley. He had always found him attractive right from when he joined Krave and once he found out he was also gay he engineered opportunities to go down to the factory to see him. He never really needed to see the garments being manufactured his job was on marketing them and getting them seen and he loved it. He got to choose models and arrange parties and got paid for it. 
Wesley and Elvis had only recently started discreetly living together when Elvis had plucked up the confidence to ask him after they had gone out a few times and Wesley had ended up back at his place. Elvis's apartment in Saint Peter was a big improvement on the place Wesley had been renting so he snapped up the chance to give this up. 
A couple of months before Wesley had moved in he first talked to Elvis about selling cocaine. He had been approached about buying cocaine by Saeed, Jupa's Export Manager whilst they were discussing Krave's textile delivery schedule. Saeed assured him that he could deliver it easily hidden inside the rolls of textile he was supplying Krave. Elvis knew he would have no problem moving relatively high volumes if the quality was consistently good. Many of the models had developed reasonably big habits as had many of the executives at Krave. Cocaine had overtaken cannabis as the fashionable drug of choice for many of the professionals in Barbados. Once the men had worked out how much money they could make Wesley became increasingly excited about the prospect and persuaded Elvis to agree to withdraw his savings to buy their first consignment once they had established that the quality was viable. What Wesley hadn't predicted was that the very cheap cocaine was really an inducement and forerunner to his involvement in smuggling young boys. 
Wesley was hot and sweaty from unrolling all the fabrics and had amassed a pile of 25 bags which he had put into a sports bag. He zipped the bag and took it to Elvis's new car, putting it carefully in the boot. They kissed quickly and Wesley told him to be careful. He was glad Elvis dealt with Larissa as he knew of her reputation, no one survived a bad deal with her. As soon as Elvis left he went back into his office in the warehouse and untied the boy. He looked differently from the first 2 who had been easier to deal with in comparison, Wesley would have said he seemed a couple of years younger. He seemed less confident and assured and the ocean trip appeared to have had a worse effect on him. Wesley had been told to look after the boy until he was given instruction for the hand over. On the previous occasions this had been quick and he had custody for just a night. He planned to wash and feed the boy, put him in the boot of his sedan and take him home with him at lunchtime. If all went to plan he wouldn't have to tell Elvis and could pocket his reward with him being none the wiser. He had collected $10k for each boy. Whilst he liked Elvis, Wesley found him too needy and weak for his taste, he was a real Queen and to say he was high maintenance didn't really cover it. He needed constant reassurance in everything apart from fashion which Wesley figured was the only reason he had been able to hold down his job at Krave. He figured spending too long with models couldn't be good for any man and had influenced Elvis. He knew once he had got enough money together he would head off again and reinvent himself somewhere else. What had fallen into his lap with the Indian exporters would give him options and he had no intention of missing out.
He was twitchy all that morning and found himself looking at his new Tag, which was common anyway as it was by far the best watch he had ever owned, willing the lunch break to arrive. When it did he was straight off and drove the 15 minutes to Elvis's apartment. He easily lifted the young boy out of the boot and got him inside. He took him up to the bathroom and untied his ankles and took off his soiled trousers. He ripped off the tee shirt so he didn't have to untie the plastic coated wire cord from his wrists and then placed him in the shower. The boy was filthy and smelt revolting but this he knew was to be expected as he had hardly travelled first class. The container boat captain had been paid to keep him alive and had just about managed that. After rigorously sponging him down and soaping him liberally Wesley dressed him in the pants, cheap jeans and hoody he bought from the Saturday morning market in Bridgetown and walked him down the garden to the wooden shack that would be his new temporary home. He was pleased that the boy was not resisting him and he looked as if he was resigned to whatever might lay ahead of him. Wesley thought the boy had lost all spirit and hope and wondered what satisfaction he would provide as a rent boy in this state, but that wasn't his concern. The least he figured he could do was feed him up a little and keep him warm. The boy was blind and mute as the others had been which meant he wouldn't be screaming out for help and as long as he was kept restrained Wesley figured everything would go smoothly as before. Elvis was hardly a gardener and the chances of him going through the garden to the shack was negligible. He sent the text as before to say that he had the "goods" and was ready to deliver it wherever instructed and with that he cleaned himself grabbed the clothes and sponges he had used and headed back to work he would drop the evidence off in the big industrial bins at work. He hoped he would get a reply quickly but was pleased not to know any more about the arrangements as the little he knew the better he figured.
Elvis had arranged to swap the drugs bag with the same designed sports bag filled with 50 thousand dollars over a lunch at The Tides Restaurant. Whilst Larissa was known to have criminal connections she also had legitimate business investments, one the island's casino, so meeting her, whilst not advisable, could be explained as legitimate in his line of work. Her casino had been used to host celebrity gatherings where Krave's models had frequently been photographed entering by the paparazzi on an agreed basis.  
Chapter 28
Derek and Winston joined up with the Police Sergeant following his earlier call to Winston telling him of the capture of 2 blind and mute Indian boys found in the locked basement of the Fantazia Club. Winston was relieved but also disappointed that the most important boy, the one he was on the hook for, had not been rounded up. The boys were dressed in very short shorts, flip flops and thin tee shirts, the policemen were pleased to notice that their faces seemed unhurt but following medical inspections it was reported that they had undoubtedly been subject to a series of sexual assaults. 
They were summoned to update the Superintendent and once the pair had settled in his office they told him about the condition of the 2 Indian boys and their progress in finding the third. Winston explained that Elvis would call him later so he could interview him and Derek said that the trails and bugs on Larissa had led nowhere as yet and that he was unsure whether an experienced operator like her would incriminate herself knowing as she did she was being watched closely.
Winston said that he had been checking all textile containers from India at the docks but had also not found anything incriminating. Other than their suspicions neither man had got any cast iron evidence that they could present that substantiated their view that the boys had been smuggled in by Krave.
The Superintendent told them that they needed to get to the pimps to try and get a clearer picture of how they got the boys and who had set things up and also to find 2 tourists who would try to procure a boy to see what would be supplied. He also said that he had got funding and agreement to let Cooper go free with a new ID and official passport. He said they needed to establish what he knew straight away as the politicians were being harangued by their Indian counterparts and were losing patience. 
Winston went from the meeting to get the details on the offer he could pitch to Cooper he needed confidence himself that this was watertight if Cooper was going to go for it.
Chapter 29 Antigua
Don was pleased to arrive at V. C. Bird International Airport, Antigua. He loved the island's people who loved their cricket and had previously enjoyed taking a little time out to visit the historic naval sites. So far he thought that the tour had been a complete disaster both with the tragedy of Rupert but also for the cricket, England were already 2 down. He was still besotted with Beverly and felt she owed him more appreciation for getting her the chance in broadcasting. He was going to ensure their one night would not be a one and only. They sat next to each other on the short flight from Guyana and both of them were a little jealous not to have been on the trip with Sam. Don wondered whether Sportz would ever try to recruit him but realised that he was now a little past his prime and understood a man like Sam over 20 years his junior was a better prospect.
Beverly was also thinking about what her future held, she was pleased for her opportunity to step in for Rupert but felt uncomfortable that she was so obviously benefiting from such awful circumstances. Still she could do nothing about that and was just pleased that she had taken her chance and the BBC had said that they were not intending to fly anyone else in to replace her for the rest of the tour, at this stage. They seemed to like having a female on the broadcast team but she knew couldn't afford to make any significant mistakes as there were always many alternatives ready waiting on the side-lines. The lure of the media was incredibly powerful, as she knew only too well, and there would always be challengers. Even when the current contenders were beaten they all knew BBC, Sky and the other broadcasters liked to recruit the retiring players who brought with them valuable insights fresh from the dressing room.
As usual they were met at Arrivals and taxied to their 5 star luxury hotel which was a short 10 minute drive from the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium the venue for the 3rd Test. They would be spending the next 7 nights at the Rosewood Jumby Bay Hotel in St Johns, Antigua's capital city. On their arrival the Manager met them and personally showed them to their rooms and explained all the available services the hotel offered.
Don arranged to join Beverley for dinner which for ease they decided to have at the hotel. On previous trips Don would have made arrangements with his extensive network of old colleagues and would have chosen a reputed restaurant. He was old school and had always made a point of noting down the names of head waiters from the places he liked and these tending to be those that gave him excellent service. His usual behaviour had largely gone out of the window on this tour not least because of Rupert's attack and subsequent death but also because he had become utterly besotted by Beverley. He found himself day dreaming about her and must have relived his night with her hundreds of times. He had never experienced anything as erotic before and it was all he could think about. Beverley however had proved elusive to him since that memorable night and his frustrations were mounting. She was allegedly busy in the evenings or very tired. He knew this was understandable with all the effort she was putting in preparing herself for commentary but nevertheless she must have noticed how he was feeling.
"Hi Don what do you think of the hotel," Beverley said when she joined him as arranged at the hotel bar, "isn't it great we are so close to the beach." Don looked at her and replied, "I like the improvements they have made but any hotel on this small island is going to be close to the sea. It's only 11 miles wide and 14 miles long.”
"Makes it remarkable it has produced so many great players" Beverley replied.
They would go to this newly built 60 million dollar ground tomorrow ahead of the 3rd Test and get things set up as usual. Don was really looking forward to going to this new stadium as its facilities were apparently so much better than at the old Recreation Ground. He told her it was only built in 2007 thanks to a 60 million dollar grant from the Chinese Government. She hoped Don wouldn't trail around after her again tomorrow as she found it hard to concentrate with him ogling her. She had never found this a problem before but she did now and she knew it was because she had raised expectations and it didn't feel innocently playful anymore. Beverly knew she needed to find a legitimate excuse if she was going to keep Don at bay for the rest of the tour but as yet hadn't come up with one.
"How would you like some company after we have had dinner?" Don asked. He was well known for his directness and forthright opinions, he was a man that went after what he wanted.
"Look Don that night back in Barbados was a one off. I appreciate what you have done for me and I think the deal we struck has been fully honoured by both of us and we now need to move on." Beverley replied as forcefully as she could. 
"I am struggling to move on Bev I can't get that night out of my mind or you. From what I remember you seemed to enjoy it didn't you?" Don asked
"Don let's be clear it was what it was, a deal, and it is not something I will be repeating, do you understand? We need to move on and try to stay friends I don't want what happen to affect our working relationship and surely you need to think about your wife." Beverley responded.
"Oh come on Beverley what happens on tour stays on tour that's how it works you know that and Janet never needs to know does she?" Don asked.
"Look Don I have no intention of telling anyone least of all your wife so you can relax on that score but it was deal that is now in the past. If you want to have a fling I suggest you go out into town and find someone who is interested because I am not." Beverley replied firmly.
Don unused to not getting his way said, "Bev what about if we struck another deal after all you need my ongoing support if you are going to hold down your place, I could make things awkward for you I reckon if I put my mind to it."
"Don I know you could but don't forget I could make matters worse for you I'm sure with Janet if I needed to." Beverley answered.
There was an awkward silence between them as they both reflected on the stalemate they seemed to have reached. Don finally pushed his plate to his side and said, "I sensed you were not feeling the same as me Bev I understand I maybe a little too old for you but perhaps we can strike another deal that would only pay-out when the tour has finished I continue to support you through to the end of the series and in return you thank me by a repeat performance before I fly back to England?" Don offered.
"Don you are persistent aren't you? I will see how things go and will think about it but that is all I am prepared to agree to at the moment." she replied.
"OK Bev think about it, I will continue to support and help you to the hilt as I have done so far so I will hope for a positive outcome unless I hear differently." Don concluded. He was used to playing a long patient game and was uplifted a little that all his hopes hadn't been dashed.
Their tension seemed to have lifted and they enjoyed the rest of the meal drifting back into the safe conversation haven that was cricket. It was of course Don's specialist subject and he enjoyed her attention and that of a 5 star hotel eager to impress. 
Like everyone else involved with the cricket tour Edward had moved islands to be ready for the 3rd Test in Antigua he had decided not to organise a fix for this match but was keen to do more before the tour ended. He had got a taste for the rush that it gave him. He targeted the 5th Test as this would allow his players to settle themselves. He was tempted to raise the stakes and look to fix the result but he knew it was a bigger gamble and would ideally require influential players from both sides to be involved. It might be worth it later in the tour when the 1 day matches or T20 games started. Mark had told him that Isaac would play along with future fixes so long as he wasn't asked to throw his wicket away. He was up for slow or fast scoring but the targets needed to be realistic.  Mark told Edward that Isaac had said he knew that Larelle had been involved in the past and that Larelle could get two of the bowlers to follow a given plan when required.
Edward decided to speak to Mark about testing interest for a repeat of the same scam as they used in the second test. If there was money available he wanted to get the players committed to the plan now as he knew if he left things too late they might not go along with it if the series became close. It was then when Rathan called him to explain what he wanted to set up for the 4th Test.
Chapter 30
At HM Dodd’s, the Barbados jail Cooper was lying restlessly on his thin mattress in his orange overalls, it was a far cry from the glitzy venues he had started to take for granted as he had built an affluent client base of the Caribbean's' movers and shakers. He wondered how he had let it all slip away from him. It was undoubtedly all down to Isaac and he had come to terms with the cold truth that he was far more dispensable than him. Isaac was a big meal ticket and would potentially feed many of the big wolves in the criminal underworld with his star rising in the sports world and his sexual craving that needed supply. He was the man in the wrong place at the wrong time. He knew Winston was his best and probably only hope of providing him an alternative to a foreseeable future of incarceration and the associated fear and anxiety not to mention boredom. He had decided that if Winston came back to him with a freedom life line he would cling to it and take his chances if Larissa ever tracked him down. He had come to terms with a decision to kill himself rather than be made an example of by Larissa. He was resolute in this being the preferable and only option available, knowing any alternative would unquestionably be unbearable and end ultimately in the same conclusion. He knew his solitary confinement was a result of police concern for his safety and had concluded that Larissa may well have incentivised inmates to ensure his silence. He was more scared now than he had ever been before and compared to most this was saying something. He had been in some scary spots over the years becoming a successful dealer in Barbados was fraught with danger with jealousy rife amongst the other smaller dealers and many punters had proved themselves keen not to pay. 
Chapter 31
Mark took his seat in the Basin Reserve Cricket Ground, in Wellington, New Zealand. It was Day 3 of the Test Match between New Zealand vs Sri Lanka. He was just finishing the newspaper he had been using earlier to cover his face whilst John Cook was heading towards the run target. He knew he got stressed whilst a fix was in play and his face would look pale and drawn until it was over. He had never been as cool a customer as Edward and frequently wished he could be more discreet. He knew he was unlikely to change now. Even as boys growing up Edward had always been able stay calm and relaxed whatever scrapes they got themselves into. Mark thought it was down to him being from a very wealthy family and having a natural talent for seemingly everything. Edward was very athletic and well balanced and he was also bright enough to pass most of their school exams without seeming to try very hard. He was also very popular with both the girls, who generally found him attractive, and the boys as he knew how to have fun. What Mark had always known though was that despite all his strengths and gifts Edward had a weakness for money, always had had and he was confident that he always would.
Mark had worked overseas for a big American sportswear company before he set up Predator himself and during that time he had developed their business in the sub-continent. That experience had been invaluable and gave him a first-hand appreciation of the culture and the important part sports played in it and also the importance of gambling. He saw how players got attracted by the chance of making fast money often due to the poor quality of life their families had and from where they had started out from. With injury and form a constant risk he understood why they seemed prepared to take high risks as a route out of the poverty.
The target was reached and any tension in Mark's body quickly evaporated, the Cook brothers had always been reliable even if some of their teammates could be too flaky and compromise a fix. Both of the fixes for this match had now been successfully implemented without drama, just as Mark liked. He had decided to stay on in New Zealand for another 2 days to allow him time to collect the money from India and then meet up with the brothers and settle up with them. He always ensured transactions with players were settled quickly and as agreed mindful of wanting them to be confident that they could trust him and would want to work with him again. He could now relax, he texted Edward with the news and decided he would fly back in first class as a treat.
He startled when he felt the vibration of his phone in his trouser pocket and as the screen indicated it was Edward, Mark decided to move from his seat and walk towards the back of the stand for a little privacy.
"Nice work Mark," Edward opened, "it's a shame we will have to wait to work with those boys again"
"I know but we knew we needed patience from the outset to keep ourselves below the radar didn't we?" Mark replied. "Saeed seems to have made good money from the punters so he is definitely onside with us."
"But it is such easy money Mark and nobody is suspecting anything" Edward said, "Anyway Antigua is horrible palm trees, cocktails, white sandy beaches you'd hate it. I spoke to Rathan yesterday who is here on a tour, a guest of Sportz, the management company, and he is looking to set a fix up for the 4th Test in Trinidad where hopefully with a little assistance England can set things up for a decider in the last match in Jamaica."
"What is the plan? I hope you are being sensible, I'm not so sure it's wise with Rathan wanting to call the shots, we've both got a lot at stake here, our reputations and our money?" asked Mark 
"Larelle will throw the game by going a little easier on the English batters and if we can get Isaac to agree not to score more than 50 in either innings I think that will be more than enough to swing the balance to England. I just need you to contact Isaac to confirm the finances unlike Larelle he won't deal direct with Rathan. We can make good money for setting it up with Isaac and then from betting on England to win, which should give generous odds with them 2 down in the series already" Edward explained.
"Well I can draw Isaac up a contract in return for him using our new bat which can cover his payment but I don't like not being involved directly with Larelle, he is under a lot of pressure already isn't he? asked Mark
"It'll be fine Mark trust me, Larelle knows the score and won't mess it up. Rathan will have made the consequences crystal clear won't he?" Edward answered.
Despite his unease Mark agreed to do his bit and pay Isaac a sweetener of $40k. He was made more comfortable knowing there was $20k in it for Edward and him to split.   
Chapter 32
I woke early and was pleased that Sanjay had arranged for a Sportz plane to fly me to Antigua to meet up with the BBC's team to make and check the final arrangements for the 1st Day. I was enjoying the special treatment of private sightseeing excursions and executive transport the only drawback was I would have Edward for company. 
I was looking forward to the meetings I had arranged through Beverley with the 2 coaches as I wanted to get information on the teams and their thoughts ahead of this key match. I knew that whilst the coaches wouldn't want to give any tactics away it was a 2 way relationship with the media - if you wanted good press you needed to grease the wheel and give interviews and information. If the coaches and captains didn't align with the media they wouldn't hesitate to put the knife in. The England coach was beginning to feel under pressure as he had not really made much of an impression in the year and a half he had been in the role and he knew he needed friends if he was to get time to get things right. 
Whilst he wasn't expecting to glean much from the meetings he wanted to ensure there would be no big surprises that would catch him out during commentary. 
Sitting next to Chloe as they drove to catch his plane he thanked her as he had earlier done with Sanjay for the wonderful hospitality and reassured her that he had had a wonderful time and a great trip. He also confided privately to her that he had just met someone else who he liked and wanted her to understand that he was enjoying his life at the moment without commitments. He left her at the airport saying he looked forward to seeing her again soon. Chloe was very understanding and seemed to appreciate any long or deep relationship wasn't a prospect. 
Edward had been almost bearable on the boat but on the flight he returned to his obnoxious best. He seemed to want to reinforce how much better he had done since retiring than I had. He bragged about how good the Sky's remuneration package was and how he had just bought his 3rd property. He also remarked how surprised he was that Sanjay had bothered to work with me and jibed that he must have wanted an Aussie. I reminded him that I considered myself English and had a British passport and that I had lived longer in England than Australia. He smirked and said I should never have been allowed to play for England. I chose not to debate this or anything else with Edward and got my tablet out and used it to ignore him.
I had arranged to meet Dwayne at Antigua's best casino, The Majestic Isle Casino or "MIC" that evening and couldn't wait for a change of company. The test was starting and Dwayne was in good spirits with his team 2 up and England in deep trouble. We had our usual wager on who would win the most or lose the least that evening at the casino and we decided to go to their Bless restaurant for a sandwich and beer to catch up before we started.
Chapter 33
Derek and Winston left the police station to meet with Cooper as arranged with the Prison Director having explained what they were going to offer Cooper and what the possible next steps needed to be should Cooper decide to help them.
They signed in and clipped the Visitors passes onto their shirts. A prison guard escorted them to the Interview Room where Cooper was already sat waiting.
"Afternoon Cooper," said Winston, "We're here to offer you a fresh start, a new identity and a passport. You would be free to leave the Caribbean and arrangements have been made for you to take up residence in the US. You would need to where a discreet location tracker so the authorities know where you are and to keep you honest but other than that you could live as you please. In return for this we need all the information you have to help us break the people trafficking ring. What do you want to do?"
Cooper looked Winston in the eye and replied, "Yes, I accept the offer."
"Excellent, so tell me what you know" said Winston.
"I know that Isaac was boasting about being able to get young Indian boys who he could abuse to his hearts' content without the worry of them talking as he claimed they were illiterate, blind and made dumb. I don't know for sure who supplied these boys for him but I do know Larissa has a controlling interest in several of the clubs and has been known to bring in East European and South American girls." said Cooper
Derek asked, "Cooper how did you find out about this, who told you?"
"Isaac told me personally. I first met him at the opening night for the relaunch of the Heroes nightclub maybe 4 months ago and whilst I knew I was not really his type I sensed a connection of similar minds amongst the group of straights. I discreetly teased Isaac and towards the end of a long night we slipped through a fire door and down a set of stairs into an empty office. We kissed and Isaac wasted no time in groping me. He yanked my jeans down before I knew it and with a crazed urgency virtually ordered me to shag him and bent over a desk having quickly dropped his slacks. After an intense few minutes we were both back up in the club as if nothing had happened. Isaac was quickly off chatting to some very glamorous girls who were clearly very keen to catch him. 
A few days later we met again at an impromptu house party and that is where he unthinkingly told me about these obedient Indian boys with whom you could happily perform whatever deviancy you might possibly desire. He explained that they were perfect for being completely uneducated so could not write and had had been mutilated with their eyes burnt and their tongues cut out. They would be unable to give evidence against anyone.
Isaac had been pretty wasted, he had let himself go after success with the bat that day, but not wasted enough to forget that he had been indiscreet with me. He looked horrified when he recognised Rupert and realised he would have been spotted tonguing me. Isaac had worked hard on his image and did not want any media revelations to the contrary being exposed. It was the following day that I was given the choice to silence Rupert or face the consequences. I am sure Isaac had to have been behind that instruction and that he must have paid someone a lot of money.
"When was this exactly?" asked Derek
"It was about a month ago when I met him at the R&B Awards. I was invited by a client of mine who works for Krave and supplied some of the models that they used to wear their new fashions." Cooper answered.
Winston said, "Cooper you need to be more specific, what is the name of your client?"
"Ok it is Elvis, he works as a talent spotter and selects the models for Krave, I don't know his surname but I can't believe there are too many guys named Elvis at Krave. He also sets up a lot of events so is well connected at clubs and with the minor celebrities. The main man at Krave is of course Shelton but Elvis has a lot of serious influence"
Winston asked, "What is Elvis like? Is he a user himself?"
Cooper replied, "I know how he has a habit and used to buy a lot but he stopped a few months ago I know he used to supply many of the models himself and has discouraged me from getting involved - I guess he likes to make to take a margin which is fair enough. Elvis is gay and I am sure with us having that in common it helped me build good business with him in the past."
"Why do you think he stopped?" Derek asked.
"Oh I don't think Elvis has stopped but I think he found a new source there has certainly been an influx recently."
Winston then asked, "So who did you get your cocaine from and how does it come into the islands?"
Cooper moved nervously on his chair knowing what he was going to say next was liable to come with consequences and there was undoubtedly going to be payback unless his new life could be started with no trace and even then he knew he would need to keep the lowest of profiles. But he knew he was properly cornered and this was his chance of escape no matter how risky. He had also decided he would trade however much time he lasted as a free man than rot in jail where he was also far from safe. His claustrophobia had returned and he knew he couldn't hold together for much longer. The paranoia he had learnt to manage outside was starting to grow and he knew it would break him soon without any opportunity to de-stress. It often came with the territory for drug users and once it has taken hold it was liable to return twice as strong under the right, or wrong, conditions.
"OK I started pushing for Larissa maybe 4 years ago when I found I had more customers than supply. She approached me saying her informants had watched me grow business for several years and that I could be ready to step up and become a main player. At first I was scared out of mind as there is still a belief that she has, you know, powers. Old voodoo spells and Obeiah black magic shit. She made it real simple for me either work for her or she would put me out of the game. Permanently. It was only later that I found out how large and diverse her operation was and how well she was connected to other international criminal gangs."
Derrick asked, "What scale are we talking here Cooper?"
"Look she is the single largest mover of cocaine here in Barbados but also feeds a lot of the other islands. She is connected to the Columbians and has been handling distribution for them since her old man was shot back in the late 80's. As far as I know the drugs either come in directly by plane when they are refuelling on the way to the US, usually Miami, or they collect it by speedboat when it gets dropped when they don't want to land. We are talking about 100s of kilos at a time - that's a whole lot of money on the street. She then cuts the cocaine down to make it go further. Although when this is a problem I very occasionally have had pure cocaine which I either sell as it is or I dilute myself in my flat. She is also a main stakeholder in several of the sex clubs taking the bulk of the profits these make." Cooper felt more relaxed as he let the information out his internal debates were now over and there was no going back now.
Winston knew the drug squad would want to interview Cooper again before he was going to go anywhere but he didn't see any link to the Indian boy this was routine drug distribution. Experience on the force told him that where one leak is plugged it didn't take long for another to start, there was too much demand and too much money involved. At least the trouble involved with protecting Cooper would undoubtedly lead to several arrests he thought.
The interview progressed for about 2 hours and when they debriefed at the end of the session Derek and Winston concluded that Elvis could be the key to them finding the boy. 
Chapter 34
It was a glorious morning and I went with the soundman out to the middle to do the pitch inspection. After concluding it would be a lively surface I was also able to catch up with the WI skipper, who had a long career and was now in his 3rd spell as captain. I knew he preferred to just be a batter and everyone was surprised he had accepted a 3rd spell as skipper last year.
"Hey Larelle," I shouted "have you got 5 mins?"
"Not really Sam but as its you what do you want to know?" replied Larelle.
I asked him the regulation questions: How do you see the game going, is everyone fit, any changes to the team etc. and was satisfied everything was as he expected and in line with what the coach had said earlier. I wished him good luck and took up my position in the commentary box. There was nothing like the atmosphere in a ground before the start of a big match. I could sense the tension and excitement, I missed not playing but still savoured these moments and felt privileged to be there, atmosphere didn't come through the TV or radio very well.
England had the taller bowlers and the sea breeze was helping them swing the ball by lunch on the first day the West Indies were in trouble at 80 for 3 but Isaac was still at the crease having carefully accumulated 35 runs.
Don and Beverly had agreed with the producers to do the lunchtime reviews which allowed me to have a break during the middle of the day. I decided to walk the ground and grab some food of one of the many barbecues the sponsors had set up. I am used to the recognition I attract at grounds and am at ease with it now having had to experience it for so long. I chatted to the spectators happily and enjoyed stretching my legs. I thought I would go and say hello to the ground staff as they tended to be the most reliable sources for pitch information so walked through to the back of the pavilion to where the heavy rollers and maintenance equipment was kept. The head grounds man and a couple of the team saw me approach and welcomed me over. Over a strong brew they explained that they weren't expecting any surprises from the pitch so thought the batsmen that could apply themselves should do well. As I walked away I was a little surprised to be joined by one of them who said confidentially that an Indian man had been pestering them for pitch information that was becoming irritating. I said that there was so much money involved in the Indian betting market everyone was trying to get an edge and to ignore it. 
There was nothing unusual in the match and the first 3 days passed off without incident with the highlight being 2 nice centuries by batsmen of either side. A draw would suit WI more as they were already 2 up in the series so I expected England would need to force the pace by asking their batsmen to be aggressive to establish a good lead as quickly as possible. Their bowlers would need as much time as possible to take the required 10 wickets if they were to win. 
Chapter 35
Derek had continued his vigil opposite Larissa's condo drinking coffee, eating doughnuts but mainly wondering whether he was wasting his time. She was an experienced operator and he felt that such a canny and powerful operator was unlikely to lead him anywhere incriminating. But orders were orders and Winston thought he might just spot her with someone else interesting like Elvis had been. Despite himself he had to respect a woman being able to maintain control of her largely criminal operation for such a prolonged period. He wondered how she had been able to do it and whether the rumours about her practising black magic had anything to do with it. He knew from stories his Grandmother had told him the voodoo, or the "Obeiah magic" as the old locals called it, had once been held responsible for all deaths and criminal actions on the Islands. He had no doubt she could scare the life out of people if she chose. 
Inside the condo Larissa had been aware of the surveillance, many years ago she realised the police would often resort to this tactic when drugs had been captured or when she had had to order a murder when someone on her payroll had got too ambitious. It was an inconvenience but the knowledge would allow her to down scale her illegal personal activities concentrating on her many legitimate activities until the scarce police resources were pulled away from her. She had got into the habit of changing phones frequently and never using the landline unless she wanted to provide misleading information as she knew it was permanently tapped.
Since she had been left to run the Caribbean cocaine distribution for the Columbians after her father had been shot back in the mid 80's, she had had many difficult periods before but she had always survived and even prospered. The police knew whilst ever there was a strong demand they would have to tolerate supply but as long as it was done in a low profile way without overt violence they didn't prioritise resources into trying to catch every dealer. Occasionally there were outbreaks of lawlessness but this was at the ends of the chain between the junkies and the smaller time pushers. If things needed tidying up higher up the chain she had always ensured it was done quietly and away from any media spotlight and definitely without police involvement unless they were on her payroll. She saw it as gardening and every season she would instruct the pruning back of any over ambitious dealers who were getting too powerful or challenging. She'd learnt not to mix business with pleasure and never to trust her dealers. She had been fortunate to have inherited her father's contacts and had over the years built up their confidence in her by demonstrating that she was more than capable of managing this market. As the challenges had come when others had tried to move quantities through the Islands she had them killed brutally, to set an example. She made sure the main suppliers: the Medellin Cartel of Columbia had the most efficient service and gave them no reason to use anyone else. Initially she was able to use her father's enforcers but over the years she had taken great care to nurture a core team that she could deploy to manage the operation. Succession planning, as in any business was vital for her especially when she was such a vigorous gardener and she had to deal with the occupational hazard of losing people through criminal prosecution. She had been able to minimise these through carefully oiling the right legal and political wheels over what was now an extensive 25 year period, but it was still a problem when operating outside the law. Recruitment had been initially heavily biased towards family but as she had never started one that seam had been exhausted latterly. Her more recent ploy was to promote from within but at the moment she was stretched and the loss of Cooper had left her with a bottle neck at the most lucrative end. Nevertheless she was not ready to relinquish any power and was certainly not going to have Rathan or anyone else muscling in. She had wasted little time in making contact with Rathan, once Elvis had explained his new cocaine source, and had explained to Rathan that where he could really find another export niche to compliment his textiles was not in cocaine but in boys. She explained to him that she had interests in the Caribbean sex industry and there was a developing demand that he might be able to help her with.
She decided, whilst she found the right long term successor, the bottleneck needed to be cleared and it was time she put Elvis to better use. He had put her in contact with Jupa textile's owner Rathan and brought her all of what he was importing. She knew he had the right profile and many suitable contacts and could do a job for her in the short term. She was aware he was flaky and queer but also knew he must be greedy, she calculated if he screwed up he would be disposable in a few months if necessary. She decided it was time to make him an offer he couldn't refuse. 
Chapter 36
Don and Beverly seemed to be working well together and I was establishing myself as the anchor-man. I could sense that I was getting better at articulating my views and spoke with an authority born from a long and successful playing career. What I had kept to myself however, was that I was giving Sanjay a preview of my views on a daily basis. I didn't think this was a major issue for anybody except myself but I did feel an increasing responsibility suspecting that my predictions were being followed and probably being financial backed.
It was in the 4th and 5th days that I found the WIs performance puzzling as there was another string of events that did not make sense and these left me increasingly dubious of the causes. They seemed to let England score runs quickly where I expected them to set defensive fields with men posted deep on the outfield to protect the boundaries. 
England ended up setting a target of 310 having declared just before lunch on the last day. This was a tough target and on commentary I explained that the most likely outcome would be a draw, it was always going to be possible for England to slow the bowling rate and set defensive fields if they felt WI were going to get close. As England had a reasonable bowling attack but not one with an established match winner my prediction was a draw. The pitch was still playing well with only the odd low or unpredictable bounce. 
The surprise was that having lost early wickets the WI kept attacking right the way through their batting order even when there was little hope of reaching the target. More batsmen got themselves out than were got out by the English bowlers. England must have thought it was their lucky day to come away with the victory.
In the 'Final Analysis' the day's review show both Don and I puzzled over why WI lost, they seemed to play as if they were 2 down in the series not 2 up. Don put it down to overconfidence and was frustrated with both Isaac and Larelle, the quality WI batsmen, who had got themselves in and should have both gone on to get far bigger scores and save the game. He still hankered back to how the game was played in his era where batsmen like himself seemed to have far higher levels of concentration and put a bigger value on their wicket. It was hard for me not to agree with Don but I did add that nowadays cricket had developed into a more entertaining spectacle. They speculated that the WI would be disappointed not to put the series out of England's reach but conceded that the result kept everything up for grabs and set things up nicely for Trinidad and the 4th Test. 
After we finished the broadcast I went outside the commentary box after the recording with Don and had a puff on my e-cig. I preferred to use it outside even though the smoke I exhaled was just water vapour and harmless as people still seemed to object even if they didn't say as much. I didn't mind and was happily watching the crowd slowly disperse from the ground. It seemed that for every disappointed West Indian there was at least one jubilant England supported. A few balconies down from mine towards the ground's exit I noticed Edward who must have left the Sky box to take a call. He hadn't noticed me so I kept out of his eyesight and it was soon apparent that his nose was out of joint from his raised voice. I could just make out the gist of his conversation and it seemed that, like the rest of us, the unlikely England win was not sitting comfortably. What he said however made me realise that he felt he had just missed out on a lot of money on the match. He was furious and could hardly contain himself. I knew Edward had a reputation for being first to the bar but last to buy a round and for not liking to spend any of his own money so I felt sure he wouldn't risk his own money gambling unless of course he was certain of the result. As I went back into the studio to collect my stuff before heading back with Don and Beverly to the hotel, my mind was again thinking about whether the game had been fixed and who might have told Edward the result in advance so he could profit. I knew I would just love it if I could connect him to any fixing. 
Later that evening Larelle was called to explain the performance to the Team Management and Selectors, they felt he should have ensured the draw at the least and did not support his instructions to the rest of the team to keep pushing for the win. It was irresponsible and the way the WI batted was not good enough. Larelle knew they were right and wondered whether he would hold onto his position or indeed his place. He was told he would get one more chance but only because they were 2 1 up in other circumstances that performance would have cost him the captaincy.
Larelle had agreed to do small fixes in the past having been approached a few years earlier when he had toured the subcontinent. At that time the proposed fixes seemed inconsequential to the overall match results and he was pretty sure the opposition were also involved. When the feeling was that the opposition weren't playing honestly it devalued any successes so he had sounded out a couple of his Jamaican teammates and discussed with them the potential for some easy money. They had agreed with him to go along with it as they harboured resentment that they weren't earning the money from the WI Board that they felt they ought to be. It was felt if they were cute they could perform the fixes and still win the matches and recover from any setbacks they might agree to arrange. What he hadn't realised was what had started so easily had proved so difficult to end. The go betweens that the fixers used just kept on pestering him with propositions and when he wasn't interested they increased the bribe or altered the fix requests until he made an agreement. There was always the underlying threat that if he didn't comply there would be retribution, this along with the few occasions when fixes hadn't gone as planned always made him wary. 
Now that the stakes had built higher and higher and he had just orchestrated the losing of a Test Match he realised he had reached a tipping point and had had enough. This was the wakeup call he needed. He would tell the others he was going to stop before they all jeopardised their careers and the WI world rankings and face the consequences.  After this ultimatum from the Selectors the penny sank that he was behaving selfishly and like a traitor to West Indian cricket the very thing that deep down he cherished. He knew he couldn't change the past but he would change the future. He would tell Ajay, Rathan, Mark or anyone else that he had done his last fix. He still collected the remainder of the 3rd Test fix money though, he thought he would be lynched otherwise. 
Chapter 37
Winston called Krave to get contact details for Elvis and was given his mobile number by a very helpful receptionist. She also explained how busy he was organising a big party for one of their major retailers. He decided to leave a message with her for him to call him back as he wanted to panic him a little before they met. He had used this tactic in the past and had found that it often caused guilty men to behave recklessly and give themselves away. He decided to wait for the call back and get a constable to watch his apartment.
Elvis had rushed into work and was busy trying to match the new clothing range to the models he had arranged to join him that morning. There were clothes everywhere and models either dressed, undressed or in between. It was a scene of chaos and he was in the midst of it issuing instructions on make-up, wardrobe and order. He was in his element. It was in the midst of all this that the message to call the detective was passed to him, he only half read it and thinking it was unimportant he discarded the note and carried on. This clothing range was going to be simply spectacular and the party would be his best. 
Chapter 38
The cricket circus moved next to Trinidad and the BBC team moved ourselves to another beautiful Caribbean island. The venue for the match was the Queen's Park Oval, arguably the most picturesque of the grounds and certainly the largest with a capacity of 25,000. It is home to the Trini Posse stand where punters buying tickets there are entitled to loud music, free flowing alcohol and semi dressed dancers. It is a stand that is always full. 
In hindsight I was stupid to have said what I did in the 4th Test preview show, it was reckless and I was impetuous and should have had evidence rather than just speculation and conjecture. Nevertheless I was so certain that the series had been affected by corruption I questioned the legitimacy of the results. In doing so my allegations caused a huge backlash from both team's management and I gave the BBC little option but to suspend me. The fallout from my poorly chosen words had been enormous and I had caused the BBC embarrassment. The rest of the journalists had pounced on the story I had created and were getting their teeth stuck into me more than the story. I was gutted. The low points in my playing career and life got wheeled out again in articles and interviews and the old chestnut of me not being a true Englishman but an Aussie who had betrayed his own country was not far from the top of every article. I was devastated. I had committed my adult life and all my efforts to helping English cricket but seemed to have thrown away any goodwill this had generated within a few minutes. In the subsequent articles I was often described as a fortune hunter, a mercenary, an opportunist, a traitor but always the former Aussie and never the former (successful) England player. Edward was quick to take the opportunity to belittle me, and my accusations, by suggesting even the bluntest tool in the box would gather evidence before questioning the integrity of a Test Match. He did agree that the match had an unusual pattern but defended this by saying that many great matches were unpredictable and that was a large part of the appeal of the game. Predictability is boring. He was right and I couldn't argue but having overheard him on the balcony back in Antigua I knew he wasn't averse to making some quick money betting with what I assumed to be the advantage of inside knowledge. I continue to hope that if he tried again I would be able to expose him.
I watched the 4th Test certain that there would be a vindication and told the press that I anticipated further inexplicable patterns of play and quite possibly an unlikely England win. I hoped if these materialised my comments would be justified and I would be exonerated and reinstated by the BBC. The match did indeed follow the preceding game in an identical fashion but this time as England were pressing for the win Larelle held firm and was able to marshal the lower order batsmen in the last innings to secure the draw and ensure that the couldn't lose the series they led 2 1 with just the last Jamaican Test left. I had eluded to the fact that I suspected that the West Indies would lose the game deliberately.
What nobody knew was Larelle defied the instructions Rathan had given him, which was indeed to throw the game.  He hadn't explained what he would try to do as he knew he may not have been able to do it. Consequently the betting syndicate kept piling bets on convinced he would surrender his wicket at any moment. He had been stung by the criticism he had endured for losing his wicket and the team losing the last test and despite the personal risks had decided to put every effort he could into saving this match. He ended up on 75 not out and had batted for over 4 hours maintaining concentration levels the critics didn't believe he still had. He cleverly managed to take the strike for most of the final session to protect the lower order batsmen at the other end who were far more likely to get out. He relished the ovation at the end of the match and as he walked off the Queen's Park Oval with his bat held up he knew the feeling was priceless to him. It ensured my suspension would not be lifted for the 5th Test which I had hoped.
Rathan had a problem now though as he had advised 100s of his betting syndicate colleagues to back an England win, as I had predicted He was livid with Larelle especially having believed he had agreed the price with him. At least he would save the $70,000 he had set aside to pay off the players involved. He needed to get the first $70,000 back from Larelle as this down payment had clearly not been earned. He also needed to call Larissa to call in the money she owed him and he owed her an answer about his intentions for further cocaine supply.
He called her from the hotel as soon as he got back there and said,
"Larissa I know you have good cocaine supply so I will stop bringing more in, I only started doing it as an experiment and to establish a smuggling route, the Indian demand is growing quickly now, especially in Bollywood" Rathan explained, "I do need the money for the 3 boys though and we agreed $50,000 each, I need that money urgently."
Larissa considered her options and then said, "I will send you the money for the first 2 boys but I am not paying for the third, we can't use him all the clubs have just been raided and the first two have been picked up. If you had provided another slum boy none of this heat would have come and my business is going to take several weeks to recover. People are spooked when the police start sniffing around. I am not accepting him he can stay with your import man and you can deal with the consequences." with that Larissa hung up she knew the boy was hot property and didn't want her businesses to be caught up further. 
Rathan sat with his head in his hands, he needed to think, if he could not recover the money for his syndicate he would be finished. He knew that he needed to raise the cash to pay them back or either he would be killed or at best the loss of his reputation would mean he would be finished in business terms. If his advice could no longer be trusted he would be finished and would find it impossible to raise the capital required for future manipulations. He was already under enormous pressure to payback his business bank loans which had been the driving force that had pushed him further into sports betting. He had started, like many others, with small fixes where he had paid one player to bowl badly for a couple of overs or a batsmen to get out at a timely moment. These fixes allegedly were commonplace and helped to make money for his associates and himself as they had an impact on the inplay odds and the inside knowledge meant they often decided correctly on whether or not to back or lay the 10 over bracket bets if they placed their bets discreetly. They were however, not guaranteed which was useful in going unnoticed by the anti-corruption units set up by the International Cricket Council but not so useful in managing relations with his syndicate. He had got greedier as time went on and started to move onto match fixing rather than event fixing within a match. This did involve a bigger outlay upfront but was often massively more lucrative if the match scripts were thoughtfully and subtly implemented.
Rathan was busy on the phone and a couple of hours later he had calculated he could payback over half of the money he was accountable for. He made arrangements to pay the most notorious of his colleagues. The others would have to wait but he knew they wouldn't wait long. What he needed was another cast iron fix and this time he knew he would have to risk all he had to clean the slate. Following this latest setback he decided not to try and set a fix up himself directly but to bet more heavily on the smaller fixes that he had put the money up for with Mark earlier in the month. Rathan was a little surprised that of all his contacts who had followed his tip it was Edward who was giving him the biggest headache. Rathan thought he should know better of all people and figured he was far from ruined unlike him.
He called Larelle and arranged for them to meet in person, he wanted to establish why he had backed out and whether he could be trusted again. If he couldn't, the only short term alternative he could come up with was trying to do something more substantive directly with Isaac. He would be far more expensive and had always made it clear he would not make future agreements that would further compromise his average so Isaac on his own was of limited value and high risk. Isaac was too ambitious in cricketing terms and his rising star meant that he had sponsors throwing money at him which reduced the attraction of a fix. Rathan still wondered whether the 3rd boy he had exported could be the answer to how he might secure Isaac's services. He had sent 3 boys to Barbados, smuggled in the textile containers and the first 2 had been successfully repatriated through Krave into Larissa's sex businesses that was until this morning. He understood that Isaac had been given first use of them by Larissa and he had paid very handsomely for the pleasure but then he had not been interested after they had been with other clients. 
Chapter 39
Tom could not have been more excited about his first trip to Jamaica all his school friends were jealous not to mention his older sister. He was a ball of anticipation ready to burst. What made it better for him was that his big sister had not been allowed to go. Ha ha ha he thought, she doesn't even like cricket so he felt it was the right decision. He did think he might miss her a little but not much he would be with his Dad and all the cricketers.
As soon as he heard he spent his pocket money on the cricket magazine in the supermarket so he could memorise the players’ names and pledged he would recognise all the English and West Indies players so he could say Hello to them when he saw them.
He wanted to speak to his Dad the minute after he read the e-mail but his Mum for some reason had got really cross and said she needed to think about the invitation. She said his Dad was being stupid to think that he or his sister could just leave school and travel halfway round the world at their age. He thought she was being stupid, he was 10 now he was a double digit. He decided he would not let her stop him and would make her life miserable until she relented. Eventually when she realised life would be far easier if she conceded and only after Suzzie had agreed to stay, she finally said he could go but only if Dad could convince her he would be able to properly look after him.
I was almost as excited as Tom and had written Jenny a long e-mail that gave her an Itinerary of what Tom would do every morning, afternoon and evening. He also said he would buy him a mobile so she could call him to check he was safe and enjoying himself at any time. He explained that he would employ a nanny for him to keep him company when he was working and that he had arranged for him to meet up with Dwayne's kids and other player’s children so he would have plenty of similar aged kids to make friends with. 
I figured a trip to the Caribbean for Tom would be a great memory for him to have and was determined to make it the best trip ever for him. Jenny gave me every opportunity to cancel the trip when news reached her that I had been suspended and she even asked if I intended to return early from the tour. I told her I was determined to establish that there was fixing going on and legitimise my accusations. I assured her that Tom would not be an interference.
Chapter 40
Winston could not believe Elvis had not called, he thought he must be a cool customer to ignore a police inspector. He decided to drive over to Krave and meet him after all he had his chance to arrange a lower profile meeting.
The receptionist asked him to wait in a meeting room that would have sat at least 12, it had pictures of beautiful women plastered all over it. Everywhere he looked from the walls to the table, the flip charts to the door all had gorgeous women often dressed in very little. He was a little disorientated.
After approaching 10 minutes Elvis came in, he was flustered and looked stressed.
"Hello Inspector I am Elvis, I understand you want to ask me a few questions and I hear you tried to contact me a couple of days ago. I am so sorry I must have missed the note I have been working like crazy to get things ready for our headliner show of the year that I am organising for tonight."
"OK Elvis I understand and can see I have caught you at a difficult moment but I am working on a very important case that I am hoping you might be able to help me with, do you mind if I ask you a few questions?" Winston asked
Elvis looked at Winston and started to fret, he could feel himself starting to perspire and knew in a matter of moments his linen shirt would start to reveal the dampness under his arms. He knew once that started he would not be able to stop it.
"How can I help?" he replied, hoping the questions would be easy but he sensed that they wouldn't be. Keep it together he said to himself.
"Where do you get your cocaine from Elvis, I know you used to buy from Cooper who is now locked up?" Winston opened.
Oh holy bollocking fuck shit Shit SHIT...Elvis said to himself and willed himself to stay calm and think of a sensible reply.
After an uncomfortable pause that Elvis felt was horribly too long he went with, "I have not bought any gear for several months now since I gave up, I admit I used to have a bad habit but I cleaned myself up."
Winston followed up, "That's really impressive Elvis if it is true, in my experience users find it almost impossible to walk away from cocaine how did you manage it?"
"It wasn't, isn't easy in this industry it seems everyone uses but I slowly weaned my way down and then off. It is a daily challenge." Elvis replied, he felt relieved to have come up with something plausible lying was not a strength of his.
"What do you know about Indian boys being brought onto the Island to work in the sex industry?" Winston asked changing tack.
"I don't know anything about that, I am happy in a relationship and that along with my work fully occupies me." answered Elvis feeling on more comfortable ground.
"OK thank you Elvis I will let you get back to your work, where is the party tonight by the way?" Winston asked.
"Oh it is at St Nicholas Abbey overlooking the Platinum Coast. We are expecting a who's who of the islands' celebrities." Elvis replied keeping his arms close to his sides in an attempt to hide the sweat patches.” I have many of the top cricketers coming over, following the match in Trinidad that has just finished and there and many other actors, musicians and sportsmen and women." 
Winston got up to leave and thanked Elvis and just as he was halfway out of the door he said, "If I need to ask you any further questions what is the best number to get you?"
Elvis took a business card out of his wallet and gave it to Winston who then hit him like a sledgehammer with, "And would you be happy to take a blood test if required?” He nodded and let the officer go.
Shit shit shit he thought I am in big trouble.
Chapter 41
Whilst Elvis had been with Winston in another part of Krave's premises Wesley had just received a text. His hopes were raised that it would tell him where and who he could pass the boy onto. He had looked after the boy for 2 nights now and was beginning to panic that there was a problem. It read
Keep the boy wait for instructions in a couple of weeks
What the fuck thought Wesley a couple of weeks. OK it's no big problem I need to stay cool and just keep acting normally. At that moment Elvis knocked on his door and started to explain about his session with Winston. He was shaking and needed to pull himself together but Wesley was increasingly getting anxious himself especially when Elvis said he was pretty sure he had been followed in his car for the last few days. Wesley started to doubt whether their place was going to be the best place for the boy to stay, if the cops were watching Elvis it might not be long before they started to follow him. The men decided to give themselves a fix in the hope of regaining their composure.
Chapter 42
Following the delight of the WI's draw there was a good feeling in Trinidad and Krave were looking forward to a good attendance at the post match garden party to be held in arguably the finest Caribbean venue, St Nicholas Abbey. Elvis had pulled out all the stops in dressing the Abbey and its grounds and had not scrimped, there was bunting and ribbons everywhere. The tables and chairs were covered in matching colours to their new range and he had selected 20 beautiful models for the red carpet runway show that would start at the top of the Chippendale Staircase and be the showcase for the paparazzi to see Krave's new collection. The setting was fabulous with the Abbey well renown as one of only 3 Jacobean buildings in the Western Hemisphere. It boasts an architecture to die for, panoramic views of the Atlantic Ocean, a herb garden overlooked by mahogany and silk cotton trees and a working windmill operated rum distillery. 
They expected just over 200 guests with a 100 service staff to provide the refreshments. It was a hot ticket and Krave knew they could have sold many more tickets if they had them. It was just what they liked. The entertainments press had been organised and there would be a red carpet style entrance into the gardens.
Elvis loved the buzz before a big event and having put the final touches in place he was enjoying a glass of fizz with Shelton, his boss. They checked confirmations with each other and agreed who they would try to speak to during the evening to ensure fittings and sales would hopefully follow. They had prepped the photographers and models and knew the press coverage would give their summer range the profile needed. Shelton had spoken to Sportz to get their contribution towards costs and ticket sales alone would give him a tidy profit and that was without their cut of the bar sales. A big charity auction was arranged and the customary raffle organised for each table. He had hired 2 speakers to entertain a hot comedian and of course a sportsman come Hollywood actor.
I was faced with a difficult decision to make as I had got a couple of invites one from Sanjay and one I was not expecting from the BBC's programme editor, James Taylor. I decided to sit with James.
As the evening got underway I looked around for familiar faces and caught the eye of a few friends and old colleagues. I wondered how many people would talk to me, I knew I would have alienated many colleagues. Larelle was a centre of attention as he arrived accompanied of course by one of the top models. He sat with Isaac and a few other cricketers including Dwayne who had texted me to say he was going earlier and wondered if I was.
The food was surprisingly good I thought, having now been to my fair share of big dinners, I learnt to my cost that serving the tables at roughly the same time was not easy and keeping the food hot and edible not something to be taken for granted. It often took all night to serve 4 courses and clear away so I was impressed at the efficiency of the staff. The comedian was very funny and had material that I hadn't heard before which the crowd really liked. I guessed people were in the right mood. He was one of those comedians that kept you on the edge of your seat as he liked to go amongst the tables and pick on people to take the piss out of. He had picked on Don's dress sense which was too close for comfort for me as I was only 2 seats away. I kept my eyes from meeting those of the comedians and prayed. Don was destroyed to everyone's amusement apart from his.
As the runway show was about to start I took a tactical loo break from which I did not plan to return from anytime soon. As it turned out a few others had the same idea and before long there was a happy group of us at the bar on the other side of the marquee. I was pleased that a few ex-players actually thanked me for bringing into the open the possibility of games being influenced by illegal gambling money. They agreed that some of the play was indeed questionable and should be investigated more thoroughly by the authorities. An ex Australian captain went one step further and suggested that he would help me to get work if the BBC decided not to reinstate me. It was a great boost but my heart was still set on living in England for most of the year accepting the winter tours rather than returning to the nomadic life I had before joining the BBC. 
I went over to join Dwayne who was chatting to Larelle but realised quite quickly it was not a good time and wondered what was up. I got a tap on the shoulder from Sanjay so gave it no more thought and started to chat to him instead.  Sanjay mentioned that Chloe was with him and they were both staying close by at the Hyatt Regency and would welcome a nightcap with me later. I replied saying that I would speak to him later as I knew one of the singers and wanted to catch up with her later. With that I ordered a couple of Red Stripes for me and Sanjay and asked him about business. He said it was unfortunate that I had got suspended but that as far as he was concerned nothing changed and if anything my stock had risen with all the publicity I had generated. It was only a couple of hours later that I had the chance to talk to Dwayne when I went over to his table to talk to Isaac. I had wanted to agree when we were going to do our interview and wanted to agree that the day before the final test in Jamaica might be a good time and help get the viewing public ready for the last test. Isaac was with Jade again and whilst she was looking mouth-watering I was still staggered that Isaac could play it so cool with her. Any other man would be trying to get her on the dance floor or the bedroom. Isaac said he would be training at the ground so we agreed on early afternoon after their first training session. Isaac asked about Tom and when I said he was arriving that morning Isaac seemed even more keen on setting up their promised net, they agreed it might be quite fun to use a bit of footage of that in the programme. I hoped the interview would boost my damaged profile and had earlier agreed with James that it would be a good opportunity to test public reaction to me. So when the arrangements were all settled with Isaac I leant over to Dwayne and asked him how he was and whether everything was OK with Larelle. Dwayne said, "Sam perhaps we can have a chat somewhere more private what are your plans?" As I had been given a cool reception from Yasmin when I went backstage to say hello to her I figured not a lot so we slipped out of the party and went onto a quiet bar Dwayne knew that stayed open late.
After ordering a couple of rum and cokes for himself and beer for me we sat down in a quiet corner of La Bouche, a late bar on Orange Street in Speightstown that Dwayne led me to. He said,
"Larelle told me he is scared and that your suspicions were correct, he has got himself embroiled with fixers and had gotten into trouble with one who had paid him to get out in the last match which of course he didn't. He said he had fixed a couple of small events with him in the past but just couldn't shake him off. He was not going to throw his wicket away again and would rather play absolutely honestly and face the consequence than the other way around. He reckons the guy is crazy and that he had so much money riding on another England win he is ruined. He thinks he will come after him." Dwayne whispered.
"That explains quite a lot in the other matches I never thought everything was quite right," I said, "what did you say to him?"
"Well I promised I would never say a word to anyone, so we aren't having this conversation Sam OK?" I nodded and Dwayne went on, "I just advised him to be careful and stay in company and to call me if he needed anything, even just someone to talk to."
Dwayne & I speculated on which other players might have accepted bribes and which other recent results had been dubious, with Larelle's admission it put a lot of doubts into their minds. He would surely not be the only current international player to have been tempted. They agreed with form such an unreliable factor not to mention luck, the anti-corruption authorities had an impossible job in trying to keep the game clean. They decided match fixing was definitely an art rather than a science and as such surely a bit of a lottery. They thought about all the other uncontrollable variable factors that would worry them if they were going to consider trying to do it hypothetically: whether the ball would swing, the reliability of the bounce, the amount of spin the pitch would take, the speed of the ball coming through, the umpire's judgements. It was they agreed quite a list. I reflected for a while but then said,
"I can always seem to engineer Tom to beat me in the garden if I want him to and usually he doesn't realise and believes he must be an unbelievable good player to beat me." Dwayne smiled and added, "Yeah despite all the problems we could probably find a way to do a fix if we wanted but I bet the more key players you could get involved the more reliable a result would be."
"The fixer will have it in for Larelle, he batted out of his skin to save the last match and had more than enough time and opportunity to get out without it looking obvious."
I said, "It would be really helpful to get some details from Larelle, do you think he would tell you who he's done the fixes with and what they've wanted? If we had some specifics we could try and do something to stop it from repeating." I went on to tell Dwayne about my suspicions of Edward and that I would love to find out what he was getting up to.
Dwayne said he would call Larelle later that night and ask him, he also told me to be careful about talking anymore about potential fixing on air until facts were established. He knew how much the job had done for me and didn't want me to lose it permanently.
We finished our drinks and decided to call it a night. I struggled to get off to sleep that night in my room at the St Peter's Bay Hotel. I kept thinking about the implications of Larelle's confession to Dwayne. If the fixers had got to the West Indian team it seemed logical to assume other teams would also be involved. Whilst I had had suspicions for some time now I had proof I knew I had to try and do something about it. I knew trying to uncover and reveal those involved would be dangerous as it would damage reputations and the game itself. I also knew by keeping my head down and ignoring it I would not be able to live with myself any longer.
Rathan had left the party not long after midnight and having watched Larelle closely all night he found himself getting increasingly angry, how could he have stitched him up? He understood the appeal of having the fans adoration but he couldn't have his cake and eat it. He was paid to lose the game and he didn't keep his side of the bargain. In hindsight Rathan knew that he hadn't given him a choice but if he had told him clearly that the fix wasn't on he could have mitigated losses and certainly not promoted the result to his syndicate. There was nothing else for it Larelle needed to be taken out and people needed to know he would not be dishonoured. His reputation depended on it. 
Rathan initially used a go-between to approach and build relationships with sub-continent players whom the gambling grapevine had said were corruptible, on the premise of a lucrative endorsement deal. He had realised a legitimate excuse to talk to the players was necessary if any match manipulation was to take place without being found out. Once he had the mobile numbers for players he would explain what revenue options he could offer and then over several conversations he tested the water on how susceptible they might be. His experience was that players were often vulnerable to their own arrogance, they would predict victories and he would then imply he had lost or won heavily thanks to the information. The responsibility for this he would say was down to them and press for more predictions. He would slowly and carefully explain the help he was after and the rewards the help would bring. It was in this way he had snared Larelle, small fixes at first in limited over games against the lesser countries and in the lower profile matches, Kenya, Bangladesh the Netherlands. He had arranged for these teams to start matches strongly only to be defeated as normal. All he needed was for them to influence the first 10 overs a match so he could win bets on the in play (brackets) markets. This was fine until he got greedy and wanted to try to win more and influence more and now here he was skint and needing to deal with Larelle.
He texted Larelle saying they needed to talk about returning the down payment he was owed. Larelle replied saying he had it with him, untouched, ready to return and to let him know where they could meet, he offered an apology. Rathan did not want to be spotted in public with Larelle so he tried to think of somewhere suitable where the WI skipper would not get noticed. After much thought he eventually decided to tell Larelle to meet him later that night at 3.00am in his hotel carpark. Not too original but he had noticed it was a big car park that would offer him privacy. He texted to say he would be in a black Mercedes and gave him the car reg which he read of the car's key fob. He planned to take Larelle for a drive to somewhere quiet, kill him and dump the body. 
To say Larelle was apprehensive was a huge euphemism but he wanted the money returned, he knew he didn't deserve it. The longer he had it the more likely it would get stolen or spent and he knew either scenario was unthinkable. He had thought about calling one of his team mates to come down with him and to watch his back but he knew they would be hard to raise from their beds and would probably prove to be more hindrance than help so he resolved to do this himself. He had got himself into this mess and felt he had to take the responsibility for getting out of it. His mobile rang and the screen showed it was Dwayne so he decided to take the call but despite Dwayne' earlier offer to help him he chose not to tell him about the rendezvous planned with Rathan. He did disclose to Dwayne that he had taken money from 2 Indian businessmen in the past and also a UK based equipment manufacturer.
As the CNN News clock got to 2.45am he left his room with the money inside the hoodie he chose to wear, he put the hood up and left his hotel room quickly and quietly. A brief 10 minute jog would get him to The Cobbler's Cove the luxury hotel where Rathan was staying.
He approached the car and tapped on the passenger window, Rathan opened the door and told him to get in.
Rathan said, "I think it is better to drive and talk we can go for a short drive and then come back here OK" Larelle nodded and said "OK" his voice was croaky and sounded shaky. "But first can you give me my money?" Rathan said. As Larelle unzipped his top and looked down to focus on the package Rathan took his chance and banged him hard on the side of his head with a heavy stone he had opportunistically picked up in the carpark and wedged behind his back. Larelle was knocked out and unconscious, Rathan smiled to himself thinking how well things had developed he had been worried about the blood stains in the rental car if he had had to use the knife he felt in his pocket. He drove off calmly with Larelle still sitting quite normally next to him, he now just wanted to find somewhere he could slit his throat unnoticed and hide the body.
Chapter 43
Elvis was relieved that the party had gone as planned and knew the next few days would be busy checking the media coverage. He obsessed about getting a call from Winston and was finding it hard to relax. What had made matters worse was during the evening Larissa had approached him insisting on meeting him later to discuss a business venture. He wondered what she had in mind and dreaded the thought of having more contact with her. He met the Hotel Events Manager and reviewed photographs several magazines wanted his approval for as he prepared himself for his lunchtime appointment.
Larissa had booked a large executive suite at the hotel and sent Elvis a text to join her there for lunch.
She started by telling Elvis how well the party had gone and praised him on the arrangements and the quality of the guest list. She smiled at him when she said she recognised many good customers of hers were there and then went on to disclose her plan.
"Elvis I have decided to offer you the chance to distribute for me, I think this makes excellent sense as you know many of my customers and I need someone new to service them. They would be comfortable to buy from you as many of them already know you. I am prepared to supply you whatever you can sell and let you keep 15% of whatever you make. You will only sell my dope there will be nothing else coming in from India." Larissa offered.
Elvis replied, "Larissa I have a job already and don't want to give it up."
Larissa countered, "You don't need to give it up but just find ways to combine the two things. From what I heard you have been supplying models already for some time and made some nice profits out of it, I need you just to scale things up." She gave him a long intense look, "This isn't an offer you turn down, I'm sure you don't want to risk upsetting me as I have proven ways of getting my own way. None of which you would want me to spell out." She emphasised the word spell out knowing full well she had a name for black magic which whilst unfounded did nothing to harm her evil reputation.
She handed him back the sports bag he had dropped off to her a couple of weeks ago and said "You can start with this, it is 25kg and all pre-wrapped into 50g bags. I expect each bag to sell for $100, so I want $42,500 leaving you a minimum of $7,500 for yourself. I will get it known to customers that you can supply and give them your mobile to make arrangements. That way you don't need to tote for sales they will all come to you."
Elvis knew he could sell for more than that and had already started to imagine ways he could conceal bags in clothing sales. He already accepted refusing Larissa was not an option if he wanted to stay alive.
He left the hotel with the bag and agreed he would drop off the money to her every couple of weeks as advised by her.
Chapter 44
Beverley walked through Jamaican airport security after the short 1 hour flight from Trinidad, with a spring in her step, she had consolidated her position as one of the BBC's cricket presenters. She was no longer a Producer's Assistant and hoped her exposure on the broadcasts would lead to other presenting opportunities. She knew full well without presenting experience it was virtually impossible to get presenting jobs and she had now broken through that barrier. She reflected on having to use her feminine charms and whilst it was nothing she was proud of, she knew it had been a means to an end. She smiled at how she had set the evening up back in Barbados at the start of the tour, and how well she had been able to pull things off. The switch with the receptionist worked beautifully and Don was none the wiser. She did wonder how she might reward the old leach for continuing to help and support her through the last 3 Tests and knew he had been a real help. She was coming round to the idea of letting him have his way with her after the last Test, as after all the gossip mill had suggested she had slept with him to get the gig in the first place there would be little to lose so long as she could live with herself. She was pretty sure she could, she figured it might even help her career develop as the industry was pretty full with middle aged men who still fancied themselves as Lotharios and might be drawn to her if she had a reputation with the older man.
Don was thinking about the same thing as he walked a few paces behind her and furtively admired her figure. He had a more immediate timeframe in mind and was thinking they should have their tryst that night. He caught her up and said, 
"Whenever I come back here I always think back to when I scored 132 not out on a difficult track. Everyone else got blown away by their pace bowlers but I stood firm and ensured we posted a good first innings total. I have always been sure without that we would have lost the match and the series."
Beverley replied, "Do you think in your prime you'd get into this England team?"
Don laughed, "I reckon my old Mum could get into this team, they have only got a couple of reliable batsmen and that is not enough to win matches consistently at this level."
I could overhear their conversation and supported Don by adding, "The team is light in top order batsmen and unfortunately there is no one back at home putting these guys under pressure.”
We were met as soon as we came out of passport control and were taken to our home for the next 10 days. I was really looking forward to Tom's arrival, now I wouldn't be working I could spend a lot of time with him over the few days he would be here for. I was lucky that the crew were all supportive and were happy for me to remain a part of the group despite the suspension. I think several thought I had done nothing wrong and had only vocalised a suspicion that many shared. The crew had all happily agreed to let me show Tom what they did the following day. I had arranged for a room with twin beds so we would both stay in the same room and planned to take Tom out for a meal that evening and then to mess around in the gym and pool and just catch up afterwards. I had promised Jenny that he would make a call home every day so I put appointments in my phone's calendar to help me remember.
I was still determined to use the time off air to try and find some substance to my ill thought through accusation. I felt confident that there would be further irregular patterns of play in matches, in the near future, that would vindicate me. I thought that the 4th Test was an aberration and whilst Larelle had now vowed to play honestly I was convinced other players would be tempted.
I had been given the impression that I would return to work after the Test series had finished and would be eased back in for the One Day Internationals. I had to serve my ban and knew I should be thankful I had not been axed. The BBC had drafted in another reporter from England to help Beverley and Don and I had little option but to sit the suspension out.
Chapter 45
Winston and Derek had been watching Isaac, Elvis and Larissa and whilst they had become increasingly confident there was a link between the last two they had nothing that connected Isaac. He was the big name they really wanted to catch as his celebrity would ensure the case got massive profile. Winston in particular was becoming resigned that Isaac was on his guard following Rupert's death and Larissa was untouchable as she had others to do her dirty work. 
He said to Derek, "We need to understand whether Elvis is working for Larissa, if he is distributing for her we might be able to use him to entrap her. It will be the quickest way to catch her I'm just not sure he would have the resolve to do it."
Derek nodded his head in agreement and said, 
"Yes he doesn't seem tough at all outwardly but he might find hidden reserves if it saved him jail time. He would be terrified of being locked up alongside all the rough homophobes."
Derek asked Winston about the 2 Indian boys they had freed from the Fantazia Exotic Nightclub, he wondered whether they could point out Isaac and identify him as an attacker. Winston explained that the father of the 3rd missing boy had flown in with an Indian linguistics expert who was going to teach the boys sign language but regardless he worried that their testimonies would be discounted due to their disabilities. Nevertheless, he said it was just a matter of time before they would be able to start communicating and when they were ready Isaac would be brought in for questioning and hopefully identified in some way. They had been very careful not to let the press know anything about the boys and it needed to stay that way if there was any chance of finding the third alive. They hoped Isaac might lead them to the 3rd boy and accepted they had to stay patient and establish a tighter surveillance of him. With the 5th Test being held in Jamaica, arguably the most homophobic Caribbean island, the men expected Isaac to wait until his return to Barbados before he planned anything else. 
The men decided that they needed to catch Elvis red handed dealing and then they could establish how useful he might be. They decided to increase the number of tails they put onto the known customers that Cooper had told them about and sit tight. Derek said he would try to get one of these to do them a favour and set Elvis up, knowing when and where a deal was going to be done would make their jobs a lot easier and they could film and record the transaction so the evidence would be overwhelmingly solid.
Chapter 46
Rathan had been busy planning his next move he needed money and fast. His ploy was now to build on what Mark had set for Isaac by leaning harder on Isaac to agree to the terms set in the first innings in the second as well. He would repeat scoring really heavily after batting his first 10 overs for as close to zero as possible. He called Sanjay and said he needed him to set up a time for him to chat to Isaac. As Sanjay knew me and Isaac were meeting up to do a pre-match interview at Sabina Park, the venue for the final test in Kingston, Jamaica he arranged for Isaac to see him once that was finished.
Rathan turned on the TV to find out whether Larelle's disappearance had made the news yet, he was hopeful his body would stay hidden for some time having dragged it from the car and over a bridge into the stream below. He realised it would only be a matter of time as with the Test match in 2 days he would be missed. 
He made plans to return to India as soon as the match ended and whilst his instinct was to go now he knew he would need to pay off Isaac if all went to plan and going before the match ended would look very dubious to Sportz, his hosts, and show disrespect they had after all gone to much trouble and expense to host the trip.
Larelle had not been Rathan's first murder, he had killed several times back in India. He was a man that got what he wanted, he did whatever he needed to get the job done. He didn't do guilt and was comfortable with himself. Back in India he knew money could make his problems go away and he knew which wheels to grease, he was less confident in the Caribbean and didn't want to risk hanging around longer than he needed to. He was looking forward to going to Jamaica but was looking forward to leaving it more in a week's time hopefully with his debts cleared and a few rupees in his betting accounts. He had found the Caribbean trip very interesting and loved the cricket but he had missed his wife's cooking, Indian TV and the Bollywood films he loved and of course proper music. 
Chapter 47
Dwayne called me just after I had collected Tom from the airport. I adored the look of joy on his face when he spotted his name on a big greetings board and then when he realised it was me under it, in an admittedly pretty poor chauffeur's disguise I had borrowed from one of the hotel porter's limo driver contacts.
We were both being driven back when Dwayne called and gave me the news that he was acting as a stand-in captain on a one off basis should Larelle not show up. Dwayne said he had not been seen since the party 2 days ago. Neither his team mates nor his family had heard from him and there was panic, he had never disappeared before. I said to Dwayne,
"Look we need to tell the police that he has been mixed up in match fixing I am worried he could have been murdered, what do you think mate?"
Dwayne replied, "I am worried too but what if he shows up and we have just damaged his reputation needlessly, could you speak to Winston confidentially and see what he thinks?"
"Yes I'll do it now, I take it you are already here in Jamaica?"
"Yeah I got here yesterday will you call me later and let me know what Winston says I had better get some practice in I don't want to embarrass myself." said Dwayne
"OK Dwayne when are you going to tell the press because I'd like to break the story for the BBC, this won't stay a secret for long will it?" I asked
Dwayne replied, "I spoke to our management earlier and they plan to announce in the morning if he doesn't show come along." 
Tom looked up at his me wondering what was going on to make his Dad look so worried. I explained on our way to the best hotel of the trip Strawberry Hill which was set into the flat top and steep sides of a standalone mountain offering panoramic views of the harbour and of Kingston town. 
Winston thanked me for the call and made me start to think about things when he asked me if I knew anyone that Larelle might have got in trouble with. What would Sanjay think if he knew I was pointing the police towards him and more specifically his 2/3 big clients. I would call him to apologise but Winston said not for a couple of days as he didn't want anyone doing a runner. I thought about whether or not to tell Winston about Edward but felt as much as he deserved a comeuppance I couldn't believe he would be involved with something as sinister as Larelle's disappearance.
I called Beverly and said I had an exclusive that the BBC ought to break quickly before CNN or Sky got it in the morning. I told her to get to the ground early with a recording crew and prime the UK boys for comment on a significant change to the WI line up due to the continued absence of Larelle. 
Chapter 48
The beeping of Elvis's phone had gone mad the next evening after his meeting with Larissa so he figured the word was out that he had the drugs and was ready to deal. Great he thought this is really happening how am I going to trade without getting myself arrested? He had agreed with Wesley that it was too dangerous to trade from their home and he couldn't arrange for people to drop into the office without someone thinking it was unusual so they hit upon the idea of using the post. They would simply put the cocaine in envelopes Knave used when they did a mailshot and hide it in fabric swatches that they produced in house. The customer needed to pay in advance and Elvis decided the best way to do this without collecting cash was to get it paid into a business account he would set up. As the money came in he would send the letter out. If there were exceptional circumstances he would have to meet and do a regular cash exchange. He anticipated he would need to scale up his social calendar to put himself in the way of opportunity and got to work in creating hidden compartments in his bags and suits to secrete the cocaine. Elvis also decided he would get himself a listing on the Dark Net where he read you could trade drugs safely and anonymously. He knew he needed to get his computer connected to a VPN (Virtual Private Network) which would hide his IP address which could link back to him, so he signed up for CyberGhost. He then installed the required search engine called Tor and bought himself some Bitcoins which was the currency used for goods and services on the Dark Net. It all took him some time but he knew he, and probably many customers, would far rather take their chances on the internet than face to face on the street. He did wonder how many would be computer savvy enough to trade anonymously with him this way. Setting up virtual wallets to use Bitcoins, he knew first-hand, was not straightforward especially if you wanted to keep your identity hidden. 
Wesley continued to feed the boy during his lunch break and had put a temporary toilet into the shack for him to use to minimise the smell of the excretions and hopefully the inquisitiveness of the local wildlife. He knew keeping somebody hostage was a big crime and was starting to think about just dropping him by the side of the road on the way to work one morning so he could get picked up by the authorities. He decided to text this option to the number he had to hurry things along.
The reply came quickly and made him rethink
Keep him or die
He decided with Elvis's development with Larissa he now needed to tell him about the boy. Elvis would not believe him so they both went down the garden to see him. Elvis was horrified the pair of them had got deeply embroiled into a criminal world and had no escape route. He made Wesley bring the boy into the house and they agreed he would now live in the spare room. 
Chapter 49
I had my breakfast with Tom before we went for a swim in what looked like a natural mountain kidney shaped pool. Tom agreed that the setting and views were fabulous and we took photographs to send back to Suzie. Over breakfast we saw most of the England players who were also staying in the same hotel. I mentioned to their coach what I had heard and told him to keep close to a TV this morning. 
We made our way to the ground by taxi and after spending a few hours introducing Tom to the crew I left him with Beverley and went to the press conference where as I expected and also feared Dwayne was unveiled as the new WI skipper. They explained the disappearance of Larelle and that the police were now actively searching for him.
I was able to broadcast an immediate reaction to this news as I had primed Beverly to get people on hand for comment. I let others hypothesise on what had happened to Larelle but it wasn't long before analysts were citing fixing as a likely factor. It was logical that this conclusion would be drawn but I refused to get drawn into the speculation having got my fingers burned so recently. I was however hopeful that it was now only a matter of time for the net to close on those involved.
Tom joined me after the press conference had ended and they then went onto the pitch and over to the practice nets. Tom was eager to impress and I gently threw some balls down to him so he could hit some shots. After about 15 minutes Isaac came over and said Hello to Tom we both bowled at him before Tom came out to let Isaac bat. With all the drama involved with the fallout from the press conference Isaac thought it was opportune to have the net and then do the interview whilst we had a chance. Whilst Isaac didn't let Tom bowl him out and only hit his bowling gently back to him, he was not so friendly to me and smashed my bowling in all directions. It was all captured for the pre-match programme. Afterwards Isaac told Tom he was much better at bowling than his Dad. We then sat down and did the interview which would air later that evening.
Isaac then went off to see Rathan who was with Sanjay, both men were wearing Sportz branded caps and jackets to legitimise Rathan's presence. A single unknown Asian man talking to a player was asking for trouble. 
Rathan got Isaac to agree to his new script but Isaac wanted $25k with $15 paid up front, Rathan was able to tempt him with the prospect of another Indian boy and they eventually settled for $20k upfront and a night with a new virgin boy to cover the balance.
They separated and Rathan texted to have the boy ready for that Tuesday night back at Isaac's place in Barbados?
Chapter 50
On the morning of the match and I took Tom to the ground and showed him inside the pavilion and the players changing rooms. Tom felt so important as everyone treated him so kindly and were happy to meet him. He wished I would come back with him when his holiday was over and start living at home again. He wanted things to be back to how they were but he knew that was not going to happen now that Mum had a new boyfriend. He was nice but would never replace his Dad. He had made me promise to see him more frequently and we pledged to e-mail each other every day wherever we were. I said I planned to stay at home in England for every spring, summer and autumn and only foresaw being away to commentate on the Winter Tours of the England team. I said to him that both he and his sister would now be able to see me pretty much whenever they wanted.
I knew that Tom would get bored quickly watching the cricket so had arranged for him to spend his days at the hotels' kids club which would take him to the beach and occupy him and several other kids with a wide range of activities. As the hotel was only 10 minutes away I was able to get back and see him during the day just to make sure he was happy. Having a nanny on hand was a great idea and made the whole trip possible.
Chapter 51
The men were in place both inside and outside the chic bistro and bakery Relish Epicurea, and it was a great relief to Derek when Elvis showed up as the informant had said he would. He had photographers with wide angle lenses recording everything and the transaction happened almost straight away. Once the money changed hands they waited for Elvis to leave and then picked him up. He had just supplied 4 50g bags for $600. 
The fake customer and informer was driven away quickly and discreetly by the drug squad detective who had been able to arrange the set up. He returned the cocaine and when he was released walked away knowing his record would stay clean. He was a career man with a family and was pleased to take this chance of avoiding a conviction for possession which was liable to affect his prospects.
Elvis was left to sweat in the cell he had been strip searched and had his personal possessions taken from him and was dressed in prison clothes. He was unable to contact Wesley or the office and knew it was just a matter of time before his place got searched for drugs and the boy would be found to add to his troubles.
Chapter 52
Rathan had been glued to Day 2's play from his room in the Jamaica Pegasus Luxury Hotel that morning, he couldn't watch at the ground and organise the scam. He knew it was likely for WI to get the remaining English wickets during the first session of the day and then he would need to orchestrate getting the bets on. The script he had set for Isaac to manage was the usual tried and tested: first 10 overs bat normally and set the market, bat really defensively in the 2nd 10 and then put his foot down in the 3rd set.
He was impatient for it all to start and he prepared himself by getting his 2 phones on loudspeaker to hear the live odds from the bhao lines. These lines are how the matches get communicated to the Indian punters and they update the odds as matches’ progress. Both lines were offering odds to lay or back 20 or 22 runs respectively at that moment for the 2 illegal in play betting syndicates. The odds never really changed and a correct bet on a bracket he knew would be worth 70% profit so if he could get his contacts to place bets of $100k simultaneously he would win $70k. He planned to place $150k on the first bet of under the market and then roll his stake and winnings onto the second bet which he hoped would be 220k and then clean up with 374k a profit of approximately a quarter of a million dollars. It would go some way to getting his head above water and for any of his contacts who were able to follow his lead a restoring of his reputation. The trick was acting swiftly and to get multiple small bets placed across India with the smaller bookies the 3rd and 4th tier operations. He had worked the scam before and been a party to it many times previously. The trick of course was to get the bet right firstly and get the money on before the bookies changed the market to reduce their exposure. He knew it wasn't an exact science and with only one of the batsmen in on the scam it was far from a certainty. Rathan told himself to set himself limits based on the first 10 over performance to stop himself getting carried away and caught up with excitement which he knew to his cost he was prone to do.
Finally the last wicket was taken and England finished on a creditable 345 all out.   
Don and Beverly were about to record the innings lunchtime review. Don started,
"Honours are about even with the West Indies being pleased to have bowled England out for less than 400, having lost the toss, on a wicket that has played well. There have been no demons in the pitch for the bowlers to exploit. England have a reasonable total and know they have an advantage as conditions will favour the bowler on Days 4 and 5."
"Do you think the English bowlers will be more effective Don? asks Beverly
"Look Beverly it is hard to predict whether our bowlers will bowl well they have been inconsistent throughout the series but if they can use the conditions well and get some sideways movement, which will be the key, they can make things difficult." Don replied
Bev followed up, "How critical will the wicket of Isaac be? He surely has the talent to take the game away from England doesn't he?"
Don answered, "Yes you're right he is the class act from both teams but he will be under a little more pressure today as without Larelle, his skipper, everyone is expecting more from him. Pressure can affect everyone differently, I used to love it the higher the stakes the better for me, Isaac he is a young man and in a series decider like this it will be a good test and I can't wait to see how he copes. One thing for sure is that if England can get a win out of this match and draw the series the West Indies will be kicking themselves. They should have stopped England from winning in Antigua that game could well haunt them. They would have stayed 2 up and this game would have been meaningless in terms of the series result."
Beverly then thanked Don as was customary and told the listeners that they would be back live for the start of the West Indies after a short break.
Rathan went for a pee, got himself a glass and the bottle of whiskey from his suitcase and sat behind the round table with his 4 mobile phones all to hand. He turned the TV down so he could concentrate on the bhao lines and put the Do Not Disturb sign on his door. Game on he thought and rubbed his hands.
Chapter 53
Winston took 2 officers and a sniffer dog with him to raid Elvis's house as soon as he received the call from Derek to confirm he had been caught supplying and also in possession of cocaine. Elvis had half a kilo sewn into his jacket and another in a secret bottom sewn into his man bag. He had used his sewing skills to good effect. 
He told Derek his team were about to search Elvis's house and he would call him later to update him. He then positioned one officer at the back of the house and knocked on the front door. He listened carefully and thought he heard movement inside, his heart began to race as the adrenaline kicked in. He called for reinforcements and decided not to force the door but shouted,
"Police come out with your hands up."
There was an eerie silence. Wesley had come home for lunch and knew he didn't want to be caught with the boy who was sat next to him. He ran over to the downstairs wardrobe and picked up his gun, a small revolver he only bought the previous weekend. He weighed up his options quickly, with the large cocaine stash and the smuggled Indian boy in the house with him he knew things could hardly be worse and he knew he faced serious jail time. He grabbed the boy and with the gun pointed to his head he shouted, "Move away from the house I am coming out I have a hostage, an Indian boy, if you try to stop me he dies OK. I am armed."
Winston moved back and retreated behind his car and waved the dog handler back, "OK stay calm we are moving away." Winston shouted as he took his gun from its holster. He whispered for the dog to be released when they came outside. The man at the back of the house moved round to the side and started to wonder whether he should take a shot if the chance came. 
"Don't do anything stupid here" shouted Winston "Let the boy go you don't need him."
Wesley grabbed the boy around the neck and walked him over to the front door. He walked him out towards his car, "Stay back" he shouted and as he tried to push the boy into the car and get in himself the dog was released and charged at him. Wesley turned as the dog speeded towards him and shot at him. Winston then shot at Wesley's hands and Wesley's gun dropped to the floor and Winston followed with another shot to Wesley's feet. It was all over Wesley dropped to the floor and the men quickly grabbed his gun and took the boy from the car. 
There was blood spurting from Wesley's shoes and the back of his hand and tears were flowing. 
Chapter 54
After the first 10 overs the West Indies had scored 32 and Isaac had 20, as the Bhao lines told him the market was set at 34 Rathan started instructing more and more bets to 'khana' lay. Within moments the market had dropped and had fallen to 20. Rathan went quiet and watched. After 4 quiet overs only 6 runs had been taken in this 10 over period. There was a change of bowling and Isaac was on strike. He was leaving anything that wasn't going to hit his stumps and Rathan was starting to relax. It was only when Isaac was off strike that he tensed and grimaced as a couple of loose balls were hit to the boundary by the new batsman. He implored Isaac to tell him to stop scoring. By the 9th over they had got to 24 surely he was safe now but with Isaac again off strike he had his hand in his mouth. The over went 4, nothing, nothing, 4, 1 there was one ball left and as long as there was not a wide or no ball he would win, he thought Isaac could be relied upon to make it a dot ball. It came down it was a juicy full toss but Isaac just defended it calmly. So far so good, the markets were then set a little lower at 30 for the next 10 overs and Rathan went into overdrive getting on as many 'lagana' back bets as he could. The target was reached after only 6 overs as Isaac turned defence into attack. Rathan slugged back a couple of very large measures of whiskey in celebration and thought he would turn the phones off and take a bath. It turned out that Isaac smashed an average of 2 per ball in that next session but eventually he got out going for one hit too many and being out for 64 whilst a reasonable score was not the big hundred his team really needed. The West Indies innings ended on 246 they were about a 100 behind and in trouble in the match. Don and I in our close of play review described his batting as erratic and irresponsible but it was still the highest score made.
Chapter 55
Derek and Winston sat with the Chief and are congratulated by the Minister on finding the boys. The Minister was in his early fifties and was widely tipped to be a future Prime Minister. Winston thought he looked intense and he could also sense the drive and determination he was renowned for. He wasted little time in explaining that helping the Indian authorities was a big deal and finding and returning the boys would go a long way in developing the commercial relationship the Caribbean was building. He shook everyone's hand and looked sincere as he praised them, his shake was firm and deliberate. Once he left the men discussed how the 3 boy had been traumatised by their experiences and they wondered what their futures might hold without being able to see or speak. At least one of the boys could return to a family and the father who had come over was overwhelmed with joy when they were reunited. 
The Chief said he wanted to get the prosecutions completed in record time so they could get everyone back to India as soon as possible. The boys would need to give evidence on what they had gone through but from what the first 2 had been able to communicate already with basic sign language the feeling was they could get what they needed in a matter of days.
He then told Winston and Derek he wanted the men involved in the trafficking in Barbados locked up and to then help the Indian investigation team in anyway possible for them to do similarly on their side. He was relieved to understand the mutilation had been done before they landed in Barbados.
Winston said he thought there was a good chance of getting Elvis to help them set up Larissa but it might take some time and money. He also said that the boys were used as bait in betting scams involving Isaac who he suspected had raped both of the first 2 boys. The Chief held his head in his hands and said 
"Since the 1980s the islands have been starved of real success on the cricket field and now that we have just found a truly world class prospect who looks capable of providing some we ought to lock him away because he has been caught expressing his sexuality. Cricket has always held the ability to unite the islands and lift people's spirits when we are winning and quite the opposite when we keep getting beat. Look Winston our priorities are arresting Rathan and Larissa I will then agree what we might want to do with Isaac as his future arrest would cause a huge public reaction and a media circus no doubt so let’s tred carefully and make sure everything is done properly. The whole gay rights and legalisation of prostitution debate will resurface on the back of this case I can see it now. Don't forget all of our targets could employ the best defence available to fight the charges so we can't afford any slip ups in evidence or procedure." 
Winston acknowledged the instruction and then went on to explain his ideas to catch the real offenders, the man behind the boy trafficking and some of the match fixes Rathan and the drug queen and organised crime gang leader Larissa. He said he would need to risk $250,000 to entrap her and would also need to get the boy's father to consider letting his son be risked if they were to get to Isaac quickly. The Chief thought for a few moments before saying I will let you go for Larissa and Rathan but the boy won't be risked it is too dangerous he has been through too much already.
Derek and Winston left to think through their next moves. Isaac was their 3rd priority and they knew Larissa would be slippery and dangerous.
Chapter 56
Beverly was in high spirits after another good ratings day, the developments with Larelle and Dwayne had given the game a massive profile and the listening figures were approaching what the BBC could only achieve during Ashes matches. Don had been on his best form and their commentary had flowed. She appreciated that whilst I was on suspension with no certainty of being reinstated her role had become central to the production. The bosses and the broadcast team at the BBC seemed keen to get me back but I knew only too well that actions spoke louder than words. I knew what was said to my face might well be something completely different to what was said behind my back. I believed the only certain thing was that I would be far more likely to get the job back, that I had just started to relax and appreciate, if my match fixing allegations were substantiated. 
The crew had got into a habit of having a few beers after the close of play and she went along with Don to the new Sports Bar to join them after the close on Day 1. After a couple of refreshing but seriously alcoholic cocktails she shared a taxi back to the hotel with Don and they decided to eat together, Don had got an open invitation for him and a guest to eat with an old sparring partner and ex-player. Beverley was nothing like a cricket anorak but she had heard of Sir Garfield Sobers so was excited about the opportunity and thought it would be a good name for her to drop into conversation.
I was happy to eat burgers and chips with Tom and we happily played cricket top trumps. I knew how upset Tom got if he didn't win so I picked categories where top players were poor so I could slowly lose. I smiled at this subtle match fixing and wondered whether the day's play had been 100% kosher. Everyone had commented on Isaac's curious play except Edward who interestingly glossed right over this on his summary show. I still found it hard to come to terms with the less obvious fixes Rathan had told me about and found myself reverting to looking for the bigger events that more blatantly affected the overall result. I knew I had to examine the play at a micro level and that this was more of an art than a science. I had to look harder for fluctuations in the batsman's scoring rates and the bowler's economy rates and then use my experience to determine whether the fluctuations were reasonable.  
I decided to catch up with Winston to see whether he had made any progress with finding Larelle and also if any evidence had been found to implicate Sportz's Indian guests. 
Winston called me back later but revealed Trinidad's police were still searching for Larelle and if he heard anything he would let me know. He did say that the hotel CCTVs had spotted a man that could have been Larelle, going into the carpark of the hotel where the Indian's were staying and a car leaving a little later. It wasn't much but the car was being identified which they hoped might be a lead. I said I would help in anyway and knew the Sportz trip host so might be able to get information. Winston said it could be helpful to get names, mobile details and car hire information but to be discreet not to raise further suspicions. I explained that I had been on an excursion with the Sportz group and had met Ajay, Saeed and of course Rathan who I said seemed the most sinister of the Group. Winston interrupted me when I said the name Rathan and asked me if I knew what line of business he was in. It seemed as though Rathan was a name he knew about. I told him what Rathan had told me on the river cruise that he owned a textile business but also was involved in a construction business.
When Tom eventually went to sleep I called Sanjay. It turned out 2 of the party had hired cars and reluctantly Sanjay gave me the mobile numbers he had but explained the men used several phones. Sanjay took the opportunity to ask me if I minded joining him and his party for lunch the following day. He wanted me to give them all a review of the match so far and my predictions for the final 2 sessions. I said I could spare him 15 minutes but had parental duties with Tom being at the ground. We agreed I would join them at 13.20. Before calling Winston I thought I would try a little investigative work myself. I called the numbers, ready to hang up if they were answered hoping to remotely access their voicemail accounts. I had read that very few people bothered to change their voicemail passwords and that they were often left with their default 4 zeros. I started with the numbers Sanjay had for Rathan and the first one went straight to voicemail and with my heart in my mouth I interrupted the message and pressed the # key, nothing happened so I quickly tried my last resort and pressed the * key. The * worked and I was asked to tap in my passcode and I tapped in the 4 zeros hoping Rathan hadn't bothered to change the factory setting. He hadn't. The first message was something in Indian left by a male voice that meant nothing to me. It went onto the second message and I heard the voice of Shelton explaining that a police officer named Winston would be getting in contact to discuss how and when the materials were imported and then finally the voice I knew all too well, saying "Rathan this is Edward everything is set for the 5th please confirm tomorrow if you want to go ahead - arrangements are 10k higher than for the last time. We'll hold until we hear from you."
I was unsure what this all meant but knew Winston was closing in on him and also that Edward was involved in a 5th Test fix with Rathan. I rang the number again from a landline and set my own phone to record the messages wanting to keep a record of these messages in case Rathan deleted them later. I could sense the adrenaline coursing through me knowing I had indisputable evidence on my nemesis Edward. I could picture how he might fall from grace and could almost taste how delicious this would be. What had he set up I wondered and had it already happened and been missed. I sensed at the time that Isaac's batting was unusual having taken his time to play himself in he started playing very fluently and then reverted to playing strangely cautiously missing out on some really poor balls. Could that really have been pre-planned? I called Winston again and told him the Rathan he had left a voicemail with was the same man I had met and who was being entertained by Sportz here in the Caribbean. I told him he was currently staying at St Peter's Bay Hotel and that I wouldn't trust him.
Chapter 57
Elvis's hopes dropped when Derek told him what happened when his house was searched. He wanted to see Wesley but was shocked that he tried to make a run for it and to use the boy as a human shield. He reflected that he actually hardly really knew Wesley and that he had only focussed on his good looks and his impressively toned physique. He knew he had been stupid to get involved trading cocaine but brandishing a gun and trafficking was, he thought, in a whole different league. Derek told him of the 20 odd kilos of cocaine they found in the house and that this meant he would probably face up to 10 years jail time. He was devastated. Both men tried to accuse the other but Derek was able to explain to Winston that Elvis would be interested in exploring anyway that he could reduce his sentence.
As a quick start in helping the police Elvis gave Derek the number he had for Larissa and the young constable caught a break later that night when she was taped discussing the arrangements for a big delivery she needed to organise collecting. The Colombian distribution cartel would be dropping 900 kilos that night in the usual area. Winston knew from their conversations with Cooper she had speed boats set up to pick up the parcels and assembled a team to monitor the likely landing points. This size of bust would be a gold star on anyone's record so volunteers would be easy to find to work this night shift. Surveillance equipment was distributed and amongst the team and they waited. Air traffic were put on alert and told to call Winston as soon as any low flying aircraft were spotted that night.
Whilst they waited for nightfall Wesley's mobile was examined and his messages reviewed. Winston realised there were messages to Rathan the textile exporter and seemingly also the cricket fan. He decided to visit Wesley in the morning to establish what the plans were for the boy and wondered whether he could use another boy to replace the poor lad they picked up this morning.
Chapter 58
At 01.00 hours Winston got the call from air traffic control that a Piper Meridian small TurboProp aircraft had entered Barbados airspace. Winston gave the signal to the teams placed around the harbours and a few minutes later the small and nimble plane was observed dropping down from its normal cruising height and from just a couple of thousand feet 4 parcel drops are spotted. The packages land softly onto the water with miniature parachutes reducing their drop speed and the harshness of impact. The officers had no sooner watched the plane's recovery to a sensible flight height and fly out of view when 2 speedboats are seen approaching the landing area at high speed. Winston was told they were Stingray 225 SXs which were lightning quick. They wasted no time in locating the first 3 parcels and they lifted them aboard 2 on one boat and 1 on the other. The first boat speeds off whilst the other circles trying to locate the last parcel. Derek spotted a diver lower himself into the water and after a 10 minute search signals for a rope. The remaining parcel was winched in and onto the boat and it then sped off in a different direction to the first boat. The information was relayed out to the surveillance teams and Derek got his boat to get him back to shore hoping the speedboats and crew would get picked up. He was impressed by the efficiency of the operation it was all over in a few minutes. Without advanced knowledge there would have been little chance of the drug squad intercepting the delivery, there was too much coastline to cover and little normal monitoring done at night when there was little traffic.
His radio was quiet. It was only once he had returned to shore that he found out that one of his teams had been spotted by the first speedboat which alerted the second who speed away. They were still searching for it. He knew that there was every chance they could link the capture of the first boat to Larissa's organisation if they put the squeeze on the captured crew.
Chapter 59
Don started Day 5's broadcast with a resume of the match position,
"England only 200 in front with 4 wickets left, this match and the series are in the balance. If England can bat time and prevent the West Indian attack from skittling them quickly they should be favourites for a draw but if they want to win well that changes everything. They will need to score briskly and then give themselves ideally 2 sessions to bowl the West Indians out. If they can't get close to a lead of 300 they will risk losing."
Beverley asked, "Don how do you think they will play it?"
Don was quick to reply knowing the question was coming and with his answer already prepared, "There is nothing to be gained for England playing safe, they need to go for it. I think they will, the coach needs to come away with something from this series if he is going to keep his job for much longer. The most interesting thing for everyone will be whether West Indians decide to risk the series by trying to win this match. It will be fascinating to see how hard they press for a win and if or when they shut up shop."
Beverley then asked her final question, "Who are going to be the likely match winners if this Test Match results in a win."
Don replied, "England need Jones to go on and convert his 40 into a hundred and then 1 of the bowlers needs a big performance. I think the most likely is young Taylor as the conditions suit him the best, especially bowling from the Headley Stand End, and the West Indians might try too hard to knock him out of the attack as they know he is twice the bowler when his confidence is high. For West Indies if they are to win they need these last 4 wickets quick smart so one of their two quickies needs to be right on it from ball 1 and then I can only see Isaac as their match winner unless of course Dwayne can roll back the years one more time."
I was dressed in the linen suit Tom had helped me pick out that morning which I felt a little self-conscious in, and whilst I was officially not working I said to Don that, "This has worn as expected but as yet has not done anything to worry the batsmen. My bet is it will today and you'd want to be bowling rather than batting on it today."
I spoke briefly with the 2 captains and both agreed it was likely to be a very interesting day's play and great for there to be a full house for the last day. Dwayne said to me, "I am aching all over I'd forgotten how hard fielding is and yesterday no matter where I put myself in the field the ball just kept following me."
I replied, "You did better in the field than most of the others. You've just got to get through this last day and you could put your feet up. How is Isaac holding up do you think he is following a script?"
"It's hard to read him Sam, he is staying pretty quiet in the changing room. He looks pretty determined as far as I can tell." Dwayne replied 
Chapter 60
Rathan was still a little giddy from his big win on Day 2 and perhaps still hung over as he texted Wesley to tell him the final arrangements. As Larissa had told him she wouldn't touch the boy, he decided he would have to leave him for Wesley to sort out. He had been paid handsomely for being a middle man and Rathan figured he would have to deal with the boy once he had been with Isaac. He texted Wesley's number telling him where to take the boy and then when to collect him again. He was anxious and excited that the second part of the fix would come into play around lunchtime and had explained to Sanjay that he was expecting to have to leave the venue for an hour to make a few crucial business calls.
Rathan then went down to meet the Group and they all got chauffeured from their hotel to the ground. Sanjay was in good spirits and was delighted the series had been so entertaining for everyone, he had known there had been a lot of the men's money riding on the match and was relieved that the tense mood seemed to have lessened a little. He had arranged a last night dinner and would be flying the party back to India the following day. 
It was during the lunch interval in the midst of excited discussions about the West Indies chances of chasing 286 that there was an unexpected knock on the door of their private dining room. He excused himself and got up, as he opened the door he was greeted by armed officers who asked him to point out Rathan. They then asked him to come with them. I was just finishing up my summary when I spotted the police officers and quickly realised that they were about to arrest Rathan. Rathan had also read the situation quickly and I could see he had decided he was not going to go quietly and made a break for the balcony door.
He ran straight out of the balcony doors on the opposite side of the large private suite and barged me out of the way to get through. With a packed stand just outside I knew it would be difficult for the police to catch him so having caught Winston's eye I realised he would appreciate some assistance. I took chase behind him and we both knocked over spectators drinks and packed lunches. I tried my best to keep my elbows and knees in as I really didn't want to hurt any of the women or children sitting innocently in the stands. Fortunately Rathan was out of condition and his bulk prevented him getting too far in front. My adrenaline was pumping and I was gaining on him quickly. He was headed left down the main exit aisle when I dived wrapping my arms around his thighs. He went down hard onto the concrete. As I struggled to pin him down he reached into his jacket and pulled out a flick knife. I saw the sharp blade sparkle as the bright sun reflected on it and just as I was trying to get my arms free from under Rathan’s legs I could see Rathan bring the knife towards my throat. I grabbed his forearm and shouted for help knowing he would soon overpower me with his greater body weight. To my eternal gratitude a member of the Barmy Army walking back to his seat with a tray full of beer kicked the knife out of Rathan's hand. Beer went everywhere. Before Rathan could get up the police had caught up and apprehended Rathan. He was handcuffed and led away. I got myself up and shook the man's hand as Winston gestured for me to follow him. I quickly got a 5000 Jamaican dollar out and gave it to him to have the next few rounds on me. He wouldn't accept the money and said he was happy to have been able to help saying he would dine out on the story for weeks. Winston knowing that the match was right in the balance said he would arrange for the police to take quick statements from us straight away so we could get back to watching the game.
Winston went back to the new Kingston Police Station on the Knutsford Boulevard to start interviewing Rathan. As he drove he began thinking about how he might be able to get to Isaac next and knew without a recording the circumstantial information they had got would not be enough. He decided he would have to talk to the boy's father and explain his problem and wondered whether he might want to consider risking his son. Even if he did he would need to convince the Superintendent. He knew this was potentially a career limiting move but there was no other way to snare Isaac. He could hardly find another blind and dumb Indian boy to stand in for tomorrow night and without one he knew Isaac would walk free.
The father could speak and understand English and decided he could not make this decision. Winston and the father brought in the son and said, 
"We have a proposal for you that we would like you to think about. We want to arrest the man who you and the 2 other boys were brought to the Caribbean to rape. But we can't do it without proof and we don't have enough proof or evidence." Winston said trying to keep things as simple as he could, "What we need is for him to take you tomorrow night into his house so that we can get the proof. We would hide 2 small wireless cameras and a microphone into your clothing and record what he does with you and as soon as we have enough proof of his intentions we will force entry into his house and rescue you. It is a dangerous plan and if you don't want to go through with it we would completely understand. The reason I am here to talk to you about it is because we don't want him to get away with what he has done and we don't want him to attack any other innocent boys like you."
Winston looked at the boy as he held his father and doubted the wisdom of what he had just asked the boy to think about.
He then said, "I will leave you to think with your father and come back later this evening."
The father showed him out of the hotel room and said he would give him a call with their decision but said, "I will support whatever my son decides. How would you rescue him, can your men get into the house quickly?"
Winston said, "Isaac lives in an Annex built at the back of his parents’ house and it is accessible from the front and the back. I would have a big team of maybe 12 men hidden in the grounds ready to force entry within seconds of us giving the signal. I wouldn't risk this if I could think of another way to bring him to justice. I think he will be far more careful in future once he realises who we have already arrested and how close he has been to being uncovered. This could be our best chance but I am only too aware that your boy could be hurt again which makes this such a difficult thing for me to ask and for you to even think about."
Chapter 61
I agreed with the cameraman to let Tom watch the final 2 sessions with him, they would only be a short walk from the commentary box so Tom seemed happy and excited to see first-hand how this match and series would end. The atmosphere built up as the match ebbed and flowed.
By the tea interval the West Indies have got to 130 for 3 but as Don has just repeated if you put 2 wickets onto the score, England would swing into being favourites for the win. I report that Isaac seems composed and has played well, his shot selection has been considered and with him at the crease West Indies will win.
I checked my messages as Don and Bev replay the highlights and goes straight to the one from Sanjay that says,
CALL ME RATHAN HAS JUST BEEN ARRESTED - THEY WON'T TELL ME WHAT THE CHARGES ARE - WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
I replied
HE SEEMS LIKE A THUG - I DON'T KNOW THE CHARGES I'LL SEE WHAT I CAN FIND OUT AND CALL LATER
I decided to text Winston to see if he can get an update and then picked up 3 tea take-away bags delivered from the press canteen and take them over to Tom and the cameraman. They are talking about who they think will win and Tom thinks his 'friend' Isaac will do it.
"I've had a net with Isaac and my Dad" I overhear as I joined them, "and he said I was the better bowler."
The last session turned out to be a bit one sided as England only took 2 more wickets and Isaac and Dwayne reach the target with 7 overs remaining. It was a good match but as Don & Beverly reflected the West Indies are a better team and the resolve the players found stopped England salvaging anything for the series which they didn't really deserve. Don said he had been impressed with how Dwayne had led the team and that it was fitting that he & Isaac were able to see them home. They speculated on what the future held for both teams and all of it was overshadowed by the concern for Larelle.     
Chapter 62
Winston felt the vibration of his phone in his pocket and saw the text from the father and goes over to the hotel. The boy has decided he wants to help. He has written a note which Winston reads quietly as the father and son alternate looking at each other and him it reads
I will help you to catch this man as I could not live with not doing this and for other boys to then suffer as I have. I really want the men that took away my sight and voice to be brought to justice but if in doing what you plan it stops others having to follow my path it will have been worth the risk.
Winston thanked the boy and said he was exceptionally brave. He then explained that he needed to get clearance to proceed and assuming this was given to start to plan the operation and make the necessary arrangements. He left them saying he would be back later that day.
Winston made the call to the Superintendent and was summoned to meet him in person. The Superintendent sat him down in his office and Winston could see he was struggling to keep control of his frustration and anger,
"Don't you think that boy has suffered enough? What are you thinking I made it clear he was not to be used?" he asked staring hard and menacingly at Winston
Winston held his gaze and replied with the answer he had thought through beforehand "If we let Isaac get away with this it will happen again paedophiles like him need to be stopped and locked up. I appreciate he is a big headline maker, now even more so following the result of the series, and we will have a media circus but I couldn't live with myself if I didn't take this golden opportunity to catch him. He will go to ground once news breaks that we have picked up his contact and a chance like this may not come around again. He will become extra cautious and who knows how many other boys he could attack with his lifestyle and money that we won't even hear about."
The Superintendent accepted what Winston said but countered,
"The Indian authorities will go ballistic if we mess this up and heaven forbid the boy gets hurt or worse. This operation of yours has the potential to cost us all our jobs and damage relations with India. India is a hugely important trading partner for the Caribbean and we can't risk setting that back. The Minister will go ballistic you know how critical he thinks the trading relationship could become."
"Superintendent I have no one else suitable to replace the boy. I might be able to find an alternative blind boy but not one with a big chunk of his tongue removed. This is the only play we have and I don't have a choice in not trying to make it. It is all set for tomorrow night and it is now or possibly never."
"OK Winston OK what is your plan? explain it to me detail by detail." the Superintendent replied.
Winston and the Superintendent then discussed how they could take down potentially the biggest star the Islands had produced since Sobers or Lara. At long last Winston left the office with his approval to proceed. The Superintendent told him to keep the operation strictly confidential and gave him the authority to select the team he wanted. The Superintendent decided he would also keep the operation to himself until it was over thinking it would be pointless to antagonise the politicians and spend the rest of the day making justifications. He hoped the boy would get through it without further injury for his sake but also his own. 
Chapter 63
Winston drove over to the Detention Centre where Wesley was being held to establish whether he was capable to assist by picking up the boy and driving him to Isaac's. He knew Isaac needed to believe everything was normal and the set up was exactly the same as for the first 2 times. Wesley had explained to him that his role was to deliver and collect the boys from Isaac and then he would probably be told to move him on to a club where they would live and work with the other working girls. 
Wesley was moving with crutches but his hands were both in a poor state so driving was not going to be viable. Winston was not going to back out at this stage so decided he would have to get someone else to fill in for Wesley. He debated how much of an issue this might be and whether he needed to use Rathan's mobile to text Isaac and explain the change. He decided he would.
Elvis was released that evening in order that he could make arrangements to deliver the money he owed Larissa from his fictitious cocaine sales and to collect replacement supplies. Winston knew that it would only be a matter of time before news of the police raid on Elvis's house became known by Larissa so they needed to move fast.
He told Elvis to contact her to explain that he had sold out and needed more to satisfy all the pent up demand. He told him that he would then need to wear a hidden microphone to record the meeting and capture the evidence that would hopefully lead to her successful prosecution. 
He had Derek interviewing the crew from the speedboat and was confident that their lips would loosen if he could advise them that she had been charged.
Chapter 64
It is the night Don has been waiting for Beverley could not put him off any longer as they were flying back to London the following day. She decides to ply him with as much booze as possible and also slips a couple of ground sleeping pills of hers into his G&T. She had made up her mind to put on a show for him back in his room and if necessary follow through with letting him screw her but that was a last resort. She figured plenty of alcohol, the tablets and then a slow striptease would knock the old boy out.
His room was exactly the same size as hers and as they went up to it after the big celebration dinner, she was pleased to see Don wobbling a little and had the slightly glazed look to his eyes that indicated he was drunk. She had left the party with him with the ready-made excuse of making sure he got to his room safely. What she hadn't prepared for was the little blue pill one of Don's old West Indian adversaries had given him whilst the men had been in the restaurant. Once she started her pre planned routine she couldn't fail to notice the effect she was having. It made her smile that the happily drunk old boy had tented the front of his trousers to such an impressive extent. She started to feel surprisingly aroused herself which she put down to wearing and showing off her sexy silk lingerie. She took off her bra and had just resigned herself to giving herself to Don when she heard a snore. What a relief she dressed and rushed out. She chuckled about how frustrated he would be in the morning to have dropped off at such an inopportune time.
Chapter 65
Imran, the young boy got out of the car bravely and walked along with the undercover officer down the long drive that led off from the main house to the Annex where Isaac was impatiently waiting. The arrangement with Isaac was for him to keep the boy until the following morning. Winston had briefed Imran to try and keep the camera and microphone close by so as soon as it became apparent he was going to make an assault they would break in and save him.
The men lying hidden in the grounds were conditioned to expect a signal 15 minutes after the boy got in.
Isaac opened the door and looks first at the man and then the boy he smiles and led Imran in and then shut and locked the solid front door. Winston and the Superintendent are watching the monitor and wait for Imran's cough planned to establish the sound was working. It was. The men knew that both signals would only last whilst the boy had his shoes and his tee shirt on. They could see Imran was shaking.
Isaac sat him down and left him in the room whilst he left.
Isaac came back into view holding a drink he stands the boy up and walks him into another room. Winston says, "Bedroom or Bathroom?"
The Superintendent and the Father stare at the monitor trying to work out where Imran is going. "Holy Shit it looks like a torture room," says the Superintendent as he sees chains, arm locks and a four posted bed with locking bracelets.
"We are going to get you cleaned up and then have some fun in here my little Indian delight," they hear Isaac saying
"That's enough Winston, let’s get him out of there" the Superintendent says
Winston issues the instruction, "OK get to your positions everyone we're going in."
Winston and 2 other officers approach the door and knock. They wait to see if Isaac will answer with a door ram at the ready. He does and is greeted by Winston who says, "Isaac I am arresting you on the charge of "Rape and the attempted rape of minors"
He read him his rights and then handcuffed him and led him away to the waiting car. Imran ran into the open arms of his father who wrapped him up into a tight embrace.  
Chapter 66
The body of Larelle was found a couple of days after the final Test Match and Rathan was charged with his murder and the abduction, trafficking and mutilation of the 3 boys. It was widely expected that he would be a very old man before he could even start to think about being released. Despite numerous sessions of questioning Rathan refused to disclose anything to do with illegal betting. 
Isaac was charged with sexually assaulting 2 minors and the attempted assault on a 3rd minor. Despite engaging the best legal defence available they were unable to get him off the charge and he faced 10 years in jail and the end of his promising career. The Caribbean public greeted this with a mixed response of regret and disgust.  
Both Rathan and Isaac's involvement in match fixes was not proven with the criminal charges naturally taking precedent. However it was widely accepted by the cricket authorities that several of the matches in the series had been affected by event fixing with several of the players involved. Dwayne told the cricket authorities privately about the fixes Larelle had confessed to him he had committed and his subsequent murder by Rathan confirmed to them the game was influenced by the illegal bookmakers and betting syndicates. I went with Dwayne to meet the anti-corruption authorities and supported his information with the messages I recorded from Rathan's voicemail. The authorities chose not to make any public disclosures or to pursue the incarcerated men in sympathy to Larelle's family grieving their loss. Whilst I never got a public confirmation that my accusations were correct, privately it seemed I had been vindicated. 
The BBC decided to end my suspension so Tom and I celebrated this before he flew back home. I had grown to appreciate the institution of the BBC and felt increasingly honoured that they had chosen to employ me, despite my Aussie birth and notoriety. I loved the opportunity it gave me to watch the game I loved and also to catch up with former playing colleagues who had stayed involved with the game either in the media or in its administration. Tom told me he had loved coming over to visit me and wanted me to promise he could do it again. I was reinstated in time for the limited over games and whilst I was massively relieved I was frustrated that no match fixing prosecutions were made, not least because Edward had been able to get away unscathed. Still his formerly impeccable reputation within the game had been damaged and his integrity suspected.   
Winston spoke to me to thank me for my assistance and to update me that he had started bringing charges against Larissa following the disclosures of several of her speedboat crew along with the recording Elvis was able to get when he exchanged the cash for more cocaine. His cooperation with the police led to a reduction of his sentence for supplying cocaine although Wesley was not so fortunate and got a life sentence for his role in trafficking the boys and resisting arrest.
On reflection my first tour as a BBC cricket correspondent could hardly have been more eventful. The deaths of Rupert and Larelle were still hard to come to terms with but the experiences I'd had on the tour whetted my appetite for more. I was starting to look forward to reporting on another English summer and was hopeful some of the promising lads I'd seen the previous year would develop quickly to strengthen the Test team. 
I also knew there was a big job to do to clean up the game but I now knew I would help in any way I could. I was grateful there were still a few notable colleagues I could count on whose integrity was not up for sale.

The End
