
SUPERMEN

FOR AMERICA -- BOOK ONE

Ken Kuhlken



Hickey & McGee, publishers
hickeybooks.com

Praise for Ken and his novels

"... brings a great new character — and a fresh voice — into the mystery field."  Novelist Tony Hillerman  

"Kuhlken is an original, and in these days of cookie-cutter fiction, originality is something to be prized." San Diego Union Tribune

"... brings the social and cultural scene of the period vividly to life. " Publisher's Weekly

"... a tale as sensitive and heartfelt as it is action-packed." Kirkus Reviews

"... takes readers into dark experiences and deep understandings that can't help but leave them changed." Novelist Michael Collins

"Kuhlken weaves a complex plot around a complex man, a weary hero who tries to maintain standards as all around him fall to temptation. " Publisher's Weekly

"... a stunning combination of bad guys and angels, of fast-moving action and poignant, heartbreaking encounters." Novelist Wendy Hornsby

"... captures the history and atmosphere of the 1970s as well as the complex dynamics of a fascinating family." Booklist

"... a tale as sensitive and heartfelt as it is action-packed ... Crime, punishment and redemption." Kirkus Reviews

"... fast-moving adventure, effectively combines mainstream historical fiction with the conventions of the hard-boiled detective novel." Booklist

"A wonderful, literate, and very ambitious novel that does everything a good story should do. It surprises, delights, it jolts and makes you think ." Novelist T. Jefferson Parker

"... a pleasure to read." Novelist Anne Tyler 

"Elegant, eloquent, and elegiac, Kuhlken's novels sing an old melody, at the same time haunting and beautiful." Novelist Don Winslow
Copyright 2019 by Ken Kuhlken

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, 
distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, without prior written permission.

Hickey & McGee
8697-C La Mesa Boulevard
La Mesa, CA 91942
hickeybooks.com

Smashwords Edition

ISBN: 9780463057544

BISAC: 
FIC038000 FICTION / Sports
FIC043000 FICTION / Coming of Age
FIC019000 FICTION / Literary

Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination. Locales and public names are sometimes used for atmospheric purposes. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to businesses, events, institutions, or locales is completely coincidental.

Author's note:

The collection of five books I call FOR AMERICA has been a long time coming. The story began when I rode in an old truck with Laurent Sozzani to Iowa. Back home, in what city folks called "the sticks" east of San Diego, I wrote some pages about the trip and called my story "The Gas Crisis". 

A few years later, my five-year-old Darcy noticed me standing in the kitchen staring at nothing, and she remarked, "Oh no, crazy ol' daddy's working on the grass crisis again."

I am especially indebted to the people who inspired the characters you will find in one and/or another of these stories. In addition to the aforementioned Laurent, they include, my grandparents, Wade and Mary Garfield; my dad Wayne Kuhlken and mom Ada Garfield Kuhlken; Laura Munger; all the Torrey family, especially Cliff, Bill, and Barbara; Bill, Steve and Pam Zarp; Ron Martina and Pat; Halima who used to be Yvonne; all my cousins, Steve, Kris, Jill, Ed, Wade, Virgie, Wendy, Susie, Patti, Tim, and Gayle; my aunts Harriet and Mary and uncles Charlie, Jimmy, Fenton, Eddy, and Virgil; as well as friends including Denny Williamson, Gene Seaman, Pam Fox, and Lucas and Carol Field, Bob Williams, Karl Hartman, Stephanie Schram, Fred and Cliff Niman, Margaret Beasley, Charles Schuetz, Tony Tarantino, Ron Maxted, and David Knop; and all the fine musicians who blessed the Candy Company and other coffee houses, among them Jackson Browne, Hoyt Axton, Big Mama Thornton, Steve Martin, Lightnin' Hopkins, Steve Gillette, Ray Phoenix, Hedge and Donna, Linda Ronstadt and the Stone Poneys, Barry McGuire, Glen Frey and J.D. Souther. And the story would never have begun without the inspiration of my dear friends and mentors Eric and Sylvia Curtis.

I fervently wish they all were here to celebrate with me. 

But I wrote this whole story mostly for my beloved children, Darcy, Cody, Zoë, and Nicholas, so they could vicariously experience life in some turbulent, exciting and perhaps ominous times and meet some remarkable people Thousands of thanks to their mothers for collaborating in the creation and nurturing of such marvels as they have grown to be even while crazy ol' daddy spent thousands of hours working on and otherwise living what Darcy still calls "the grass crisis".

And special thanks to Jennifer Silva Redmond for volunteering her clear and patient eye.
Contents

Also by Ken K 
Author's note

FOR AMERICA, book one
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 

A request
A preview of book two
About the author

FOR AMERICA

"And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you—ask what you can do for your country." John F. Kennedy

SUPERMEN
  
1
 From Clifford Hickey:  
When Otis Otterbach finished writing his story, he came to me, an old friend and teammate, also a journalist. I suspect he chose me as his editor because he doubted most people would believe him, but he thought I would, since I knew plenty about the dreadfully mad world of Cynthia Jones. 

From Otis:
Earl Otterbach pitched two minor league seasons: 1940 for the Texas League Tyler Trojans, 1941 for Wilkes-Barre of the Eastern League, both Cleveland Indians affiliates. Then came Pearl Harbor. Like most ballplayers his age, Earl enlisted. In July 1943, he was a corporal in Patton's 7th Army on the outskirts of Messina, Italy when a German slug ended his pitching career.
While home on leave, he married Chloe Garfield, a teacher in Piedras, a congregation of high hills on a mesa from which we could see the haze over Tijuana and the foggy Pacific. 
Chloe began labor the same day an atomic bomb nicknamed Little Boy obliterated Hiroshima, Japan. Earl was home on leave. He chose my name, Otis, after his grandfather, a third baseman.
Upon his discharge, my dad agreed to move in with us at Grandma's house. My grandpa, Wade Garfield, an attorney with a missionary fervor, took on more pro bono cases than billable ones, yet he paid off the mortgage to our gracious old house before he died of overwork at age eighty-two. Freedom from rent and Grandma’s help taking care of me allowed my mom to go on teaching and my dad to open a small cabinet shop. Besides family and baseball, woodworking was his passion. 
 Grandma's house was an American Foursquare built in 1905, a design both simple and elegant, with twelve rooms in two stories, an upstairs deck on each side, and a half-basement. The yard was shady with eucalyptus, pine, olive, mulberry and pepper trees, on a hillside acre overlooking the main boulevard of Piedras. From the upstairs decks and back yard, on clear days we could see miles into Mexico and ships passing beyond the Coronado Islands. Even the Dukes of Durham in England, from whom Grandma assured us we were descended on her side, or our ancestors on Grandpa’s side who resided for a short, tragic time in the White House, might have envied our home. 
I had a battalion of cats to chase and pamper, big dogs with whom to wrestle, and Grandma, who kept me from breaking bones by climbing too high in the trees, blessed me with hugs and kisses and, most of all, with her stories. 
From Grandma, I learned about the historical Hiawatha, disciple of the prophet called the Peacemaker and unifier of the Iroquois, and about the poet Longfellow’s warrior Hiawatha and Minnehaha for the love of whom the warrior slayed the evil magician. I befriended the Hunchback of Notre Dame, admired the repentant thief Jean Valjean and despised his nemesis Inspector Javert. Grandma provided my dreams and daydreams with Robin Hood, Maid Marion, and King Richard of the Crusades, and with Merlin, sorcerer and advisor to King Arthur and his rowdy, chivalrous knights obsessed by the call to adventure. And I came to adore Grandma’s most revered hero, Joan of Arc, who may have been crazy but who lived and died true to her calling. From Grandma, I learned that stories aren’t make believe so much as pathways into another world. 
Most every day, in her studio out back above the garage, Grandma told stories and recited poems while she layered colors and textures on the landscapes she painted. I watched, listened, and lived the noble adventures. With such a life, I rarely lamented that my dad worked long hours and came home sleepy and my mom took few breaks from correcting the countless essays she assigned her eighth-grade English classes. Wherever we went, she brought along and corrected papers, even at ball games. 
My dad cared little about money. If he could have collected on the IOUs and promises customers gave him, we might have prospered. He loved making dressers, tables, chairs, kitchen and bathroom cabinetry. But to quibble over money simply felt wrong to him, except when my mom disputed what he spent on baseball.
The AAA San Diego Padres played at Lane Field, a wonderland on the waterfront. A foul ball might carry over the right field bleachers and land in a passing convertible on Broadway. A long foul just south of third base had a chance of bouncing onto a tuna clipper or Navy ship and going to a sandlot team in Singapore. Beyond the right field fence and across Harbor Drive, the Southern Pacific passenger and freight trains clattered in and out of the Santa Fe depot. To me, Lane Field was holy land.
Every season, my dad treated us to at least a dozen Padre outings, most of them Sunday doubleheaders. When my cousin Ward joined us, between innings we squeezed under the seats of the rickety bleachers and climbed through the splintery labyrinthine structure. After a batter got announced and we emerged, my mom set aside her grading long enough to brush us free of spider webs.
Between outings to Lane Field, I spent most waking hours either living in Grandma's stories or in daydreams of the Padres, who usually thrashed the Hollywood Stars and the Seals from San Francisco, often behind the pitching of Memo Luna. And on one of those Sundays, three days before my seventh birthday, I climbed the rail above the right field bleachers, faced the crowd, and announced, "I'm going to be a pitcher."
For a quiet, shy boy, that was a brazen act as well as an ominous prophecy.
2 
Down the hill from Grandma's house, at the junction of Piedras Boulevard and 92nd Street, which my dad calculated as 100 city blocks from Lane Field, I discovered another holy place, a sandlot outside the Boys and Girls Club where bigger kids gathered. Grandma used to walk me there and keep watch while I chased balls for the big boys, played catch if any of them would humor me, and got laughed at for wearing my dad’s pro ballplayer glove, the Rawlings Bill Doak model, even though my whole hand could fit into a finger slot. 
Then, during spring of my eighth year, a gang of men raised a fence, built two wooden dugouts, and posted a sign announcing tryouts for Little League. 
My dad had read about Little League, founded back east and swiftly expanding our way. Soon after he read that article, he went to the library and looked up the official field dimensions and fashioned a mound in our yard and installed a scrap-wood pitching rubber and home plate forty-five feet away. 
Every weekend I threw a hundred or more pitches to him. After a month I could usually hit the strike zone seven or eight times out of every ten. And once I gave him the news about the upcoming Little League tryout, he strung lights between a pepper and an olive tree, so he could catch my pitches after his long workdays. 
A flyer my teacher passed out warned us that boys couldn't play unless they were going to be nine before August 1. But since my birthday was only six days too late, and since I could already throw strikes, I thought they would surely let me play. My dad said, "Maybe."  
Every weekday for a month before tryouts, I ran straight from school to the field, with the new kid-sized Wilson glove and a regulation Little League ball my dad bought me, and waited until enough other boys showed for us to play workups or over-the-line. Most of the boys I knew or had seen around school. But the one I liked best, the boy I counted on, who some days even got there before I did, was Carl Jones. Nickname Casey. 
Casey had copper hair and the freckles boys get from summers of sun-burning, peeling, and burning again. He lived on a dead-end street behind the Boys and Girls Club, across a narrow valley that widened east of our hill to make room for the ball field, on another hill, a twin of ours only shorter and not quite so rocky. A Padre outfielder like Dick Faber could have thrown a ball from Grandma's house to Casey's. 
Casey would have gone to my school except his mom, the terrifying Cynthia Jones, made him attend St. Martin's Catholic Academy. His dad, Casey told me, was in heaven. According to some neighbor kids, Cynthia probably killed him. When I told my mom that rumor, she laughed. Having met Cynthia at a library gathering, she said, "Mrs. Jones is rather spooky."
And later, after my dad met her, he joked, "I'd rather pitch to Babe Ruth than tangle with that woman."
In February, dusk came way too early and sent most of the boys home. Only Casey and I stayed until one of us got a lump or bruise from missing a ball in the dark. 
My dad slept in on weekends, but on tryout day, my pleas and excitement lured him out of bed before sunrise. We hustled down the hill and stood third in line at the Little League sign-up table, holding cash for the fee, a completed information form, a phone bill for proof of residence, and my birth certificate. 
My dad knew the fellow behind the table, Tom Shields, a builder of custom homes, who now and then bought my dad's cabinetry and was a favorite customer because he paid on delivery. He said, "I hear you've got quite an arm, young Mister Otis."
I blushed while my dad handed him the papers. Tom Shields looked them over and nodded until he scanned the last item, the birth certificate. "Well," he said, "this is unfortunate." He looked me in the eye and shook his head. "Son, I'm afraid you can't play ball until next year."
My dad was a firm believer in obeying rules even when they didn't make sense. He only sighed and said, "Thanks anyway, Tom. We'll come watch games."
In most ways I admired and tried to be like my dad, but when a rule appeared senseless, the rebel in me took over. Trying not to sob, I sputtered, "No fair, Mister. Watch me pitch and I'll prove it." My dad took a gentle hold of my shoulders and tried to steer me away from the table. I shook free and stomped off. 
At home that weekend, I threw angry pitches until my dad convinced me I was in danger of wrecking my arm before I ever got to use it in a real game. 
Now, in season, after school the ball field was usually occupied, at first by teams practicing and later by games. Even when I showed up and asked to join a practice, only one coach, Buddy Panos, let me join in. The others refused on account of another rule I thought senseless, which my dad explained was about insurance. If I got hurt and wasn't a registered player, he said, we could sue the league. Even when I showed the note I got my dad to write, a promise not to sue anybody, those coaches wouldn't let me on the field. 
So, when games started, the only team I cheered for was Alan’s Music, Coach Panos’ team. Casey was the Alan’s Music catcher. 
Three or four evenings a week, my dad and I dined on hot dogs at the ballfield, though my mom complained. She often said, "Earl, you can't eat bacon and eggs every morning and hot dogs for dinner. It's just not healthy."
On a Saturday morning, when my dad slept in, I walked to the field alone for a morning game and Casey blasted two doubles. Alan’s would have whipped Sportland except their pitcher Lonnie Hughes walked almost a dozen batters. 
After the game, I told Casey they would have won with me pitching. He didn't respond, though he knew I was right. Lonnie was his friend. Besides, Casey never talked dirt about anybody. 
Instead, he invited me to his house for lunch. 
I had gone there once before, when Cynthia was out. All he had told me about her was that people called her scary, which I already suspected from the rumor that she had killed Casey’s dad. As soon as we entered the small, dim house that reeked of menthol, I saw reasons she scared people. She was taller than most grown men; her hair was Halloween orange, her eyes turquoise like Casey's only they blazed as if a blowtorch raged behind them. 
"Who's this?" she demanded, with a scowl that pinched her eyes together and a nasal voice like Daffy Duck in a tantrum. 
"My friend Otis," Casey said. "He's a pitcher."
"On your team?"
Casey shook his head. "They won't let him play until next year. He's two weeks younger than me, and there's a deadline."
She studied me up and down, appeared to find nothing too uncouth, and waved a hand with crimson nails around the tiny living room. "Take a load off," she said. "I'll get lunch."
An upright piano sat where a sofa might otherwise have been. Beside it was an old-style padded chair with wooden arms. I moved to sit there but Casey shook his head. "That's Richard's chair." 
"Richard?"
"Cynthia's boyfriend." Casey rarely called her mother or mom. "He plays jazz."
I perched on a hard, wooden chair and looked around. The room was a maze of passages between stacks of hardback books. On top of the stack closest to me was Catcher in the Rye, which my mom had told us some bright eighth graders brought to school and the principal ordered teachers to confiscate. 
Casey said he needed to change out of his uniform because Cynthia didn't approve of him wearing at home. He went down a hall. I picked up Catcher in the Rye and noticed it was a library copy with an envelope on the inside front cover. I opened it at random and found the page defaced, parts blotted out by a black marker. I skimmed through many pages and found dozens of words and phrases blotted out. I thought, lucky for the culprit that my grandma didn't catch him. To Grandma, even dog-earing a book page was impious. 
When Casey returned, I handed him the book and said, "Somebody sure made a mess of this one."
He nodded. "Cynthia. It's a crusade of hers. She censors whatever she thinks might damage the minds of kids our age."
I thought a minute and asked, "Don't the librarians catch her?"
After some thought, he said, "I know you won't tell, so I'll trust you. See, she doesn't check out the books, just tucks them into her girdle through a hole in her muumuu." He pointed to the kitchen where she rushed around with her tiny steps. Her muumuu featured at least a dozen bright colors.  "And when she's done, she returns them in the night drop slot."
When Cynthia called us to lunch, Casey picked up his hard chair and motioned for me to do the same. I followed him into the cramped dining nook. On the small Formica dinner table, between a box of clipped grocery coupons and a stack of magazines, Cynthia had placed a bowl of what I guessed was wilted lettuce, a plate of steamed tortillas and another of chopped chile peppers, a bowl of sour cream and a pitcher of white liquid, which she poured into a Mason jar and handed to me. I sipped and tried not to gag. "Is this milk?" I asked.
"Powdered and rehydrated, of course," she said and leaned my way with the same scowl as before, the one that meant "You’ve got a problem with that, kid?" 
I watched Casey and followed his example, spooning the green stuff onto a tortilla. "Swiss chard," he said. He topped it with sour cream, which he then passed to me. He sprinkled the chopped peppers onto the sour cream. So did I. And when I bit into that strange taco, while sweat streamed off my forehead and into my eyes, on account of a searing tongue I swilled the entire jar of phony milk and asked for another.
All through that meal, Cynthia watched me as if she believed any second I might snatch up her imitation silverware and run.
After lunch, I told them my dad expected me for our pitching workout. Cynthia had given Casey a list of chores and I would have gladly stayed and helped except I had endured all I could bear for one day in the company of Cynthia Jones.
3 
I spent lots of hours with Casey at Cynthia's home, mostly early evenings when she was out listening to Richard perform at supper clubs and piano bars. During those hours, Casey taught me guitar chords and rhythms, which he had learned from a library book, enough so that I could join in while he played piano, old standards like "Body and Soul", "God Bless the Child, and "Pennies from Heaven." Billie Holiday was his favorite even though Cynthia called her the junkie. 
He loaned me his old Harmony guitar and warned me that if you mean to get good at something, you have to practice, not just play. His message was like my dad’s: don’t just throw the ball, but do it right, every detail: the right setup, the right grip, the right pivot and step, the right level of concentration. Whatever you decide to do, you treat with respect, like it’s not just a game, it’s a reason for living.
Though I preferred avoiding Cynthia, I learned plenty about her. She had a vocabulary of her own. When she said little people, at first I thought she meant dwarves until I noticed large people mentioned in her rants. I asked Casey if his mother was going blind. 
"Not hardly," he said. "She's got hawk-eyes."
"So how come she calls Coach Feezer and Coach Panos little people?"
He chuckled and said, "What she means by little people is what other people call the masses. The ones who don't count, the folks who don't mean much to anybody except maybe family and friends." Depending on her mood and the subject of her rant, she might praise and champion the little people or damn them to purgatory. 
During sixth grade, after a Saturday game, when Casey and I walked in on Cynthia and Richard sharing the piano bench while he played a frantic version of "Stormy Weather," she hopped off the bench to meet us. 
She stooped and jabbed her face to an inch from mine. "Casey said you watch the Mouseketeers, Otisss," she hissed.
"Sometimes." 
"You have a crush on that twit Annette Funicello."
Casey cut in, "I didn't say he had a crush, just that he thought she was quite a babe."
"True?" Cynthia demanded.
"Sure," I said. "She's a babe. Sure."
"Because of her boobs?"
I blushed and stammered, "I mean, they're all right, but she's also got a great smile. I'll bet she's nice."
For the next half hour, accompanied by jazz piano, Cynthia ranted about Walt Disney. She claimed he had discovered the secret of enchanting the little people with his insipid cartoons, and that he was on his way to conquering the world, all on account of cute little butts. First mice with cute butts, then ducks and dogs and bunnies, and now human pretty boys and nymphets, every one with a cute little butt.
But Cynthia's true obsession, and the most common theme of her rants, was her sister, the Bitch. 
Casey told me the Bitch's name was Laurel. Cynthia wouldn't speak the name or allow it spoken in her presence. According to her, the Bitch, older by three years, had set out to kill her, with a pillow, when Cynthia was only hours old. Over the years she had tried strangling, bashing with a hammer and large Mason jars, using an electrical cord as a garrote, dropping a radio into the bathtub. And though she hadn’t succeeded in bumping off Cynthia, she had done worse: beaned their sainted father with a Royal typewriter, sending him to the Saint Ambrose Catholic rest home — which later became Cynthia's occasional refuge — for the short remainder of his life. As soon as the Bitch turned sixteen, Cynthia claimed, she attempted to run her kid sister down with a Buick. And after she began her career as a real estate swindler, every year or two the Bitch would engage a professional hit-man who only failed on account of their father who, after the Bitch killed him, became Cynthia's guardian angel.  
Worst of all, in some way Cynthia had never explained to Casey, the Bitch arranged for the military plane crash that took Casey's father.
"For real?" I asked.
"Who knows?" Casey said. "All I can say for sure is, my aunt hates Cynthia as much as Cynthia hates her."
Casey told me that when his grandmother died, the Bitch stole most of Cynthia's inheritance. Because the theft was apparently too recent for Cynthia to talk about without descending into a fit of madness Casey feared to risk, he swore me to secrecy before he said, "My grandmother Venus belonged to the Netzachs." He gave me some details about the cult and the Netzach name which, to Jewish mystics, had something to do with eternity. 
"See," Casey said, "Venus sold real estate, so these Netzachs enlisted her as their agent, and while buying for them, she also bought hundreds of acres for herself. For the Netzachs, she bought land in Dunsmuir, a few miles south of Mount Shasta. The land surrounding the mountain, she kept for herself. 
"See, Cynthia should've inherited thousands of acres. But the executor of Venus's will, the guy who's supposed to make sure it gets done right, is a crook. A lawyer named Davies, Aunt Laurel's boyfriend or business partner or slave. Cynthia's not quite sure what he is, except that he and the Bitch are in cahoots. He lives up there on Mount Helen, down the road from my aunt." 
We were in the ball field stands. Casey pointed at the hill east of ours and twice as tall, which was named for Helen Linthicum, whose family had moved west from Virginia during the civil war and settled on that mountain as yet unnamed except by the Kumeyaay Indians. And since English speakers couldn’t readily pronounce the Kumeyaay name, after Helen’s wealthy family donated plenty to civic stuff, the town council named the mountain after her. They may have used her first name because Linthicum was too long, but we boys preferred to believe the mountain's name also honored Helen of Troy, on account of its symmetry and the little hillock capped by a granite boulder at the center of the crest, which made the mountain look like a nippled boob that could surely launch a thousand ships. 
These days Mount Helen was home to the town’s big shots, whom Cynthia assured us were law sharks, medical quacks, other crooks of all sorts, and their heirs. Every Mount Helen home featured a view either of the granite mountains to our east beyond which lay the desert, the Pacific with its warships and islands, or Mexico's dark mesa slanting down to the sea. The Bitch's mansion featured views of all three. 
"So," Casey said, "Lawyer Davies and Aunt Laurel changed the will and screwed us out of money and land worth about a half billion, Cynthia says. I think she exaggerates by about fifty times."
"Wow," I said, and wondered why Casey didn't act furious at the Bitch, since all he and Cynthia lived on was a military pension and whatever meager help Richard kicked in. 
I reasoned Casey must be like my dad, immune to the love of money. 

4
Though I hardly mentioned Cynthia Jones to my mom or dad, in fear they might not approve of Casey as my best friend, I told my grandma everything. 
I couldn't imagine anything Grandma wouldn't understand. Life had taught her plenty. Descended from duchesses and dukes, she grew up in Rock Island, Illinois, on the Mississippi, where her father Colonel Durham served as a West Point-trained Army engineer before the river so enchanted him, he switched careers and captained a sternwheeler.
Her name was Mary. When she was eight years old, in early summer Colonel Durham let her accompany him all the way to New Orleans. She got to blow the horn and wheel the spotlight, to read the depths off the bow and question the pilot about how he knew when to turn from snags and shoals even in misty dark.
On nights when they swerved around floating trees and passed wrecks of steamers gone down over the last fifty years, through the portholes in her cabin Mary saw the ghosts of river pirates on black ships with sails made of clouds, and thunderheads that boomed messages of wars in heaven. Cavalry in mail galloped around the moon.
The river was swollen and brown with mud-slid banks capped in high green corn. When towns materialized — Muscatine, Burlington — the bells rang, people shouted and waved. Some days for hours they would pass no settlements, only barges, or rafts running downstream or poling up the shoals, and dense forests to the shoreline until a mansion appeared in a grove of willow and magnolia. In a cotton field, black infants rode their mother’s backs. Mules pawed the dirt while people riding carts and steering plows whipped them.
In New Orleans at nightfall, gas-lights surrounded the harbor and windjammers dropped their sails. On the dock, boys sold oysters and shrimp. Frenchmen, Spaniards, Mexicans, Cajuns, Indians, black men in red bandanas and trousers cut off at the knee shouted and cursed, pulling the ropes of colossal nets.
At their hotel, Colonel Durham ordered room service dinner and wine. He let little Mary drink a half-glass. While she washed and changed to her nightclothes, he dressed in full uniform. He waited until he thought she was asleep before he tucked the covers under her chin and slipped out.
Mary got up and dressed in her fanciest then lit a candle and sat on the balcony. Across the street, rose-colored lights blinked, casting eerie shadows. Women wearing bustles strolled unescorted past seafaring dandies in silk scarves and knee boots, and men in top hats slunk by, grim as undertakers. Bawdy couples laughed, shoving their way through the crowds. Blind and crippled beggars competed with the ragged beggar children.
Mary was frightened but some forces, like the thirst for adventure, are stronger than fear. Leaving the door unlocked, she ran out of the room, along the Turkish carpet, down the circular stairs, and dashed outside. On the narrow sidewalk, men bumped her aside and women pushed her along. She walked close to brick walls, soiling the lace of her yellow dress, and turned up an alley that led to a graveyard where tombs floated in mud. A wailing ghost swooped from above and chased her as she lifted her skirts and ran to another alley and on, hoping to find a broader street. But the farther she ran the darker the alleys until even the stars vanished. Mary bunched up her skirts and sat down on a door stoop, praying that someone would help her.
When nobody real came, she imagined a band of brawny pirates with dark flashing eyes. They rowed their dinghy upon mist up the alley. The one with a curly black beard picked her up, carried her on his shoulders wide as a sofa, while the others rowed toward the beach to show her the waves that rolled like clouds to crash on the shore. They delivered her over the breakers onto the open sea where at last the swelling and dipping waves lulled her to sleep, and then they must have rowed her back to the hotel, as she woke just past sunrise tucked into her bed.
In photos as a young woman, she was a pale, slender beauty with ebony hair and an ethereal smile that revealed she had loyalties outside this world.
While a student of painting at the Chicago Art Institute, she met Wade Garfield, my grandpa, a strong and brainy fellow raised on a farm who, like his cousin the President, knew several languages and believed in learning everything. My grandpa was the someone true and steady who could reel in my grandma’s wild, blithe spirit when it threatened to fly away. 
They married, set off for the frontier, and settled in Piedras just in time for my mom to get born.
Grandma was still nursing my mom when she wrote:

If you’d find a quiet haven,
far from storm and stress of life,
Where sweet peace and love abideth
and give chase to restless strife,
Seek Piedras, beauteous suburb,
San Diego’s child alone,
Nestled in among the foothills,
near the vale of El Cajon.
Where the ever-watchful mountains
as on picket duty stand,
Guarding o’er the cozy dwellings,
fairest picture in the land;
When the sun in dying splendor
sheds its glory everywhere,
Tinting all with radiant beauty,
happy homes and gardens rare.
Seek Piedras, perfect jewel,
in a setting most sublime,
And you’ll choose to live your life there
in the Southland’s gentle clime;
Where the birds all wish to tarry,
far from gale and tempest roar,
And are evermore returning
when their wanderings are o’er;
Where the flowers are always blooming
'neath California's sun,
You would love this little city,
and its people, every one.

Poems were only a hobby. Grandma's real art was painting. She could make portraits, but landscapes most pleased her. She would go to forests and streams, sit in meadows along the Sweetwater River or walk the base of La Jolla's Mount Soledad searching for the perfect angle. On a trip to Yosemite, she painted Half Dome. She might have grown into an esteemed painter if she had dedicated herself to that work. But she valued another craft far more: Caring for her husband and their Chloe, Harry, Fenton, Tod, Mary, Harriet, Jimmy, and my cousins, and me.
After her Piedras poem got published in the Scout, our local weekly, a follow-up article appeared. When the reporter interviewed her, instead of giving her own life story, she told about her ancestors who arrived in the new world long before the Revolution, and about Grandpa’s cousin.
Grandma told me that President James A. Garfield, shot by a lunatic who believed God commanded him to do the evil deed, was as noble a man as had ever lived, a Civil War General and lifelong abolitionist. His passion, Grandma said, and what he considered his mission, was to complete what the nation under Lincoln had begun, to emancipate the slaves and grant them and all people liberty and justice. Grandma thought President Garfield could have led America into an age of unity, fellowship, and goodness. With the right leader to inspire them, Grandma believed, people could learn to care for others as well as they cared for themselves.
In Grandma's opinion, if that devil hadn't killed President Garfield, a hundred and some years of lynching, swindles, and all manner of horrors and other meanness might not have plagued our country.  
Cynthia Jones read the Scout every week, on the lookout for local gossip. After she learned about our family, she began to welcome my visits. She idolized President Garfield and considered him the manifestation of Plato's philosopher king, who didn't campaign for the presidency but only accepted the job when the people persuaded him to. She  believed he would have foiled the bigots and carpetbaggers and won full equality for everyone, maybe even women. So I transformed, in her crooked mind, from a nuisance into a guest of honor. 
If Cynthia hadn’t read that story and learned that I was related to the man she claimed was the bravest, most enlightened, and heroic of all our presidents except possibly Mister Lincoln, I might never have killed anybody.
5 
During my ninth year, the first season Little League let me play, they divided us into majors and minors. Casey's coach, Buddy Panos, took on a major league team and picked Casey first of all. Because my league age was nine, the rules sent me to a minor league team, and I pitched to my school friend Denny Williams. He didn't drop many balls and his throws were okay, but he was no Casey who could throw twice as hard and turn balls into strikes with a twitch of his glove. Still, we only lost three games out of twenty and earned our first-place pins.
Over fall and winter, Coach Panos invited some of us boys to Saturday practice sessions. My dad helped him by coaching the two other pitchers on basics like the rocker step and power T. 
After tryouts, Coach Panos managed to draft most of his Saturday boys. Our top pitcher in the beginning was Neal MacMillan, a twelve-year-old who towered over me. But though my dad taught him overhand, Neal wouldn’t give up throwing sidearm, which was probably the reason he hit too many batters and walked even more, so even his parents didn't mind when Coach sent him to first base and put in the ten-year-old control pitcher.
My dad had studied the mechanics of pitching since he was my age, and his best skill was paying attention. During Saturday televised major league games, when Dizzy Dean spoke or sang "The Wabash Cannonball," talking was not allowed, because we listened just in case Dizzy gave us a pitcher's secret. Meaning I went to the mound armed with confidence and with words that came from great men. If I missed the target on a couple pitches, I could breathe deep and quote Satchel Paige, "Just take the ball and throw it where you want to. Home plate don’t move."
On my best days, I could go inside and out, just nicking the corners at the knees or the letters. We hadn’t yet worked on the curve ball, but control and a change-up got me onto the all-star team. The only ten-year-old, I rode the bench except the last innings in our final game, which we lost to the new East Hills league, 4-0.
Tom Shields, my dad's best customer and the man who had once looked at my birth certificate and turned me away, coached the East Hills all-star team. The boundary line between Central, our league, and East, ran through the valley between our hill, called Boulder Heights, and Mount Helen where Coach Shields lived about halfway up, a few hundred yards below the Bitch and next door to lawyer Davies, the crook who had helped fleece Cynthia out of her inheritance.
As Thanksgiving approached, one evening my dad sulked at dinner. My mom asked what was wrong, but he only shook his head. After dinner, he led me upstairs and through my folks' bedroom to the deck that overlooked the lights of Tijuana. He had brought along a tall glass with his favorite cocktail, an Old Fashioned. He seated himself and then waited for me to do the same. 
I wondered what mischief I had gotten caught at by some snitch. Maybe Miss Drew, my teacher, had mistaken my ogling JoAnne Tribble for trying to sneak a look at her test answers. Or maybe Frank Hobbs, the most infamous liar in our school, had finally gotten busted shoplifting and told the cops I put him up to the crime. Frank commonly told such whoppers.
My dad said, "Otis?"
I said, "Yeah."
"Tom Shields treated me to lunch today."
"That's good."
He shook his head. "Not so good. He wants you and Casey to play for East Hills next season."
"But we can't, can we? I mean unless we move. Us and Casey?"
 He took a long swig of his drink. "As long as the paperwork goes to the national organization with an East Hills address, you could get away with playing for them. Tom said leave that to him. 
"Consider yourself, and Casey, mighty flattered. You know how good their all-star team could be. All but three of the boys who beat our team, and who went all the way to regionals, will be back next year. With you and Casey filling two of those slots, Coach Shields thinks his team might just go even farther."
"To Williamsport?" I said, meaning the Little League World Series.
After a slow nod and another swig, while I imagined thousands of fans and a TV camera, he said. "I told him we couldn't do that."
"Okay," I mumbled, while my bright vision poofed away.
"It's cheating," he said. 
"But ... I mean, I guess it's okay, staying in Central. Maybe our league will beat the East Hills guys. Why are you sad, Pop?" 
He shook his head. "You know Tom is my best customer?"
"I know."
"He was my best customer, I mean. After I said you two couldn't switch leagues, he's not my customer at all." 

Spring arrived and our team, Alan's Music, under Coach Buddy Panos, won eighteen out of twenty games even though halfway through the season Coach's wife left him and took his son Mike, our shortstop, to Utah. And during playoff week, Coach lost his union carpenter job. After he found some work with Tom Shields Construction, I heard him tell my dad, "The miser pays me the same as the wetbacks."
Back then, even those of us who admired the bravery, kindliness, and hard work of Mexicans who jumped the border called them wetbacks; even Grandma who regularly made sandwiches and delivered them in sacks to the quarry down the backside of our hill where migrants often camped on their way north. To me, the name wetback connoted sympathy and admiration for their courage, no derision. People like Grandma and me reserved our distaste for the bosses who cheated them.
Since Alan’s took first place, Coach Panos got asked to manage the all-star team. We had three pitchers, Larry Heath, Tyrone Sanchez, and me. The way the brackets worked, we expected to play East Hills Saturday of the first week, as long as both our team and theirs won our first two games. According to Little League rules, whoever pitched over three innings needed four day's rest, and no one could pitch over six innings in a calendar week. Coach Panos assigned Larry to the first game and he went all the way, so he was out for the week. I started the second game, and when Coach decided not to pull me after the third inning with the score tied zero to zero, our assistant coaches argued that we weren't likely to beat East Hills with Tyrone pitching. Coach Panos said, "And if we don't beat North Park, we're not going to play East Hills."
So I pitched all of game two. We won, 5-0. 
Tyrone shut out East Hills through four innings. Casey hit a triple and drove in our one run. But a dropped fly to center field in the sixth inning cost us the game. Which ended our season.
The state tournament was in Santa Monica. Most of the East Hills team were either school friends or teammates from before their league split off from ours. So, my mom agreed with Dad that we should spend our vacation following the East Hills team, driving our new car. Before Tom Shields took his business elsewhere, my dad had bought us a 1955 Chevy with a three-speed shift and a 265 cubic inch V-8 motor. 
When my mom, dad and I went to ask permission for Casey to join us on our vacation, Cynthia not only acted civil but almost gracious. She brought us all lemonade, allowed my dad to sit in Richard’s chair, and complemented my mom’s latest hairdo, short and curly. Ever since the Scout had published Grandma’s poem and interview article, when I came to see Casey, Cynthia treated me royally. Even when she learned about the Bitch’s latest real estate conquest or the hordes of foreign tourists streaming to Disneyland, she softened her rants to lectures, for my sake, Casey said. And now, knowing I came from such stock as Dukes of Durham and President Garfield, she acted delighted that Casey would join us on vacation. She even offered to help with gas and food money. My dad declined, though his cabinet shop was more deeply in debt than even my mom knew. 
Later my mom would tell me, "He so wanted our respect, he was so proud, he worked too damned hard." 

We roared up Highway 101 and passed the East Hills chartered bus in Del Mar. In Laguna Beach, we ate at the Jolly Roger, a hangout of my dad's from when he delivered furniture to Laguna and Newport Beach customers. Casey and I finished our meals first and crossed the road to chat with the old fellow with a long gray beard who for years stood there all day waving at cars. When we told him we were a pitcher and catcher, he said, "Brush 'em back then nail 'em with the outside curve, got it?" My dad, who had joined us, thanked him. He honored anybody’s advice.
We sped through Huntington Beach, past miles of white sand and a couple thousand oil wells. Mom held her nose, but my dad grinned and said, "To locals it's the smell of money."
The Santa Monica Little League ballpark reminded me of Lane Field on account of its rickety bleachers and the cool salt breeze. The first inning of East Hills vs. Oroville, I got so perturbed that Casey and I weren't on the field, I whispered to him, "It could've been us out there."
He whispered back, "So you'd rather your dad was a crook?"
Casey, unlike most boys, refused to mask his better nature to guard against being known as a wimp or sissy. He was deeply ethical before most of us knew what "ethics" meant.  Yet he also took care not to hurt the feelings of us lesser beings when he questioned our comments or behavior. Like the time a small band of us loitered in the hall by the seventh-grade lockers slandering the liar Frank Hobbs. One of us asked Casey, who hadn’t yet spoken up, "You think Frank is a creep, right?" Casey only said, "He’s always been nice to me." Or if guys were arguing and one shoved the other, Casey would usually step between them, and those who might otherwise have cheered each savage blow or takedown instead walked off ashamed or grumbling.
But what seriously puzzled the rest of us boys was Casey’s attitude about girls. Even JoAnn Tribble — so lovely of face, complexion, and the rest, few boys could speak to her without stuttering. About JoAnne, Casey would gently remind us, sometimes with a word or two, sometimes with a look, that she was not only a beauty, she was also a person. A sweet, smart person.
So, when Casey asked if I would rather my dad were a crook, I only shook my head and punched his arm. 
East Hills whipped Oroville 7-2. After the game, we joined the team for a trip to the Santa Monica Pier. We boys got enchanted by the pinball arcade. My dad bought Tom Shields a victory drink, and Tom bought him one. An hour later, we were moving from a motel where the TV didn't work and where my mom found mouse droppings to the Del Mar Club with its indoor pool and private beach. 
My mom asked, "You and Mister Shields made up?" My dad grinned and nodded. She praised him with a happy kiss that no doubt meant now we could afford the car payments.
The next day, East Hills beat Venice 3-2. In the championship game against Santa Ana, Denny — who caught me one season before his family moved into East Hills territory — knocked a sharp single that drove in Fred from second. Joe pitched a shutout.
East Hills threw a party in their hotel. We didn't stay long because my dad ate too much pizza and got a wicked case of heartburn, a condition that lately was all too common.   
We had a free day for the drive to the regionals in San Francisco. Because my dad loved to drive, we used Highway 1. My mom wrapped her head in a sweater to protest the speed at which he maneuvered the winding road along the cliffs north of Big Sur, while Casey and I whooped and cheered.
On the way to our Chinatown motel, we stopped for a hamburger at Zim's, a diner my folks remembered from their honeymoon.  All four of us agreed that Zim's burgers were the world's best. The next morning, Casey and I ate Zim's burgers for breakfast.  
Then Frankie and Mike pitched an eight-inning shutout, Joe hit a walk-off homerun, and East Hills beat Tucumcari 1-0 in the Presidio Little League ballpark. Before we left, we climbed to the top of the stands and spent a half hour sharing my dad's binoculars and peering at Alcatraz in hopes that some outlaw we had seen on TV or on the Post Office wall might appear in a window.
After burgers at Zim’s, we rode the trolley to the Top of the Mark and sat by a window in a ritzy bar my mom and dad had visited on their honeymoon, looking out on a billion lights, 
The next day, East Hills beat Euphrata, Washington 18-0. The Washington fans looked broken-hearted, and Casey said he felt bad for them, as we sped away from San Francisco.
Williamsport, Pennsylvania was 2936 miles, or about 65 hours of driving, according to my mom's calculations. And the World Series would start in four days.
6
Though my dad hardly ever criticized my mom, we were only fifty-some miles east of San Francisco when he bolted up from his slouch in the shotgun seat and said, "Congratulations, Chloe."
"Huh?" she said. "For what?"
"For proving yourself the world’s worst driver."
"Is that so?" she said with a chuckle. "Otis, what you do think?"
"He could be right, Mom," I said. 
"Casey?" she asked.
He said, "You're okay."
My dad had turned the wheel over when he stopped for gas and Tums and decided a short nap might fix his indigestion. But naps weren't easy with my mom driving. The Chevy leaped and bucked as if she were tapping a rhumba beat on the pedal. 
At the state line my dad returned to the wheel, and we blazed across barren Nevada with my mom hiding beneath her sweater and begging for mercy, my dad reminding her that the state had no maximum speed limit, and her reminding him that nevertheless suicide was illegal. 
In Utah, my dad filled his thermos with coffee at a truck stop and said, "Thank God not everybody in Utah is Mormon."
Because none of us, my mom included, wanted her to drive, we pulled off every six or eight hours for a nap, which brought us across Colorado and into Nebraska at dusk, beneath charcoal black clouds. The first lightning came in bolts, just west of North Platte. My mom lobbied for a motel, because the wipers couldn't brush off half the rain, which crashed down in drops big as water balloons. I believe no such rain had ever fallen in California.
Yet my dad pressed on, even while blinded by sheet lightning. Our Chevy drifted side-to-side like a dinghy toiling upriver. Still, my dad announced, no storm would keep us from the first game, day after tomorrow, which might also be East Hills' last game, since Little League tournaments were single-elimination. 
The storm relented just after dawn as we approached Omaha. We pulled off for breakfast at a Missouri River truck stop. Casey, who had lived his first years at the beach and who adored raging water, sat on a bench and watched the river rumble past long after my folks and I had gone to nap in the car. 
Both of us boys slept across Iowa. But as we approached the Mississippi, my mom woke us and tried to locate and point out sites like the armory dance hall and piers where sternwheelers had docked. Mom and I remembered those places from Grandma's stories about her childhood. The river was about four times wider than even the visions I got from Grandma’s stories. 
By dusk in Chicago, we had reached the toll road that, according to our map, would deliver us to Harrisburg in around twelve hours. And from Harrisburg to Williamsport was only eighty-some miles. 
But fatigue and more indigestion finally sidelined my dad. About three a.m., he let my mom drive then fell asleep in spite of the Chevy's bucking. My mom only lasted an hour before her eyelids slammed shut once too often. She pulled over.
I woke up first, just after eight a.m. My dad estimated three hours to Harrisburg. Though he rarely broke speed laws, with the first game — East Hills vs. the Jaycee League of Escanaba, Michigan — scheduled for one p.m., he assigned Casey and me to cop-watch. Still, the chance of our reaching Williamsport before the third or fourth inning was slim to none. 
But a few miles short of Harrisburg, he spotted an airport. His red, droopy eyes opened wide and lit with hope. He parked and hustled to a Quonset office beside the hanger and came rushing out in no time, accompanied by a fellow wearing a Red Baron hat with ear flaps.
He wanted my mom to fly with us and let him fly back after the game for the Chevy. But she wouldn't hear of spending so much. She promised to meet us in Williamsport by four p.m. While we climbed on board and waved goodbye, she stood consulting the map.
Anyway, she wouldn't have fit in the plane, a Piper Cub four-seat job, except on somebody's lap, and she was no waif. 
Through takeoff and our first ten minutes in the air, Casey and I grinned and socked each other. Neither of us had flown before. 
Then, even before the white clouds blackened and gathered, the plane commenced bucking. I thought this pilot flew like my mom drove. But he said, "Air pockets. Strap in." Casey and my dad strapped faster than I did, and saved their heads from smacking the roof, like mine did.
Soon came thunderclaps and flashes to our left and right and straight ahead. As the plane dove, hopped, and swooped, Casey compared our ride to the roller coaster at Belmont Park, across the San Diego River delta from the home Cynthia had lost in a fire she blamed on the Bitch. 
Our pilot hummed a Perry Como tune. Casey and I laughed and rocked side-to-side until my dad went rigid. His shoulders pressed to his ears before he plunged forward as if to vomit. His arms wrapped around his chest. He sucked shallow gasping breaths. 
Maybe a dozen times I asked if he was okay. Every time, he nodded, even though the last twenty minutes into Williamsport he stayed bent, his head touching the dashboard.  
We landed just as the rain let up. Now it fell gentle but steady. In a taxi on the way to the ball field my dad only mumbled admiration for green, quaint, and charming Williamsport, while he chewed one Tums after another. 
As we neared the ballpark and all the traffic came toward us, the cabbie said, "Oh oh. Looks like a rainout." 
We arrived just in time to see a bus loading and Tom Shields ushering his boys aboard. My dad called out to Coach Shields then paid the cabbie and we hurried to the bus. "Get on, boys," my dad said, "You ride along. I’ll wait here for your mom."
I told Casey to go ahead but that I would stay with my dad. Now, after all that rush, the drive, and the flight, suddenly all that mattered was my dad, who had consistently refused to go to the doctor about his indigestion. Whenever my mom suggested, or urged, or lately demanded he at least make an appointment, he told her the cabinet shop needed all his time. 
Casey declined the bus offer. He wanted to stay with us
The bus pulled out and we found a dry place in the reserved seats behind home plate and beneath the sportscasters’ booth. After three days on the road, instead of talking, we mostly sat and stared around the majestic ballfield with hundreds of box seats, and watched the groundskeepers raking, using big squeegees on the base paths, and adjusting the tarps over the emerald grass. And every few seconds I glanced at my dad, who forced a grin whenever he noticed my glance, until he closed his eyes and dozed.
Casey first heard our Chevy skidding toward a nearby curb. He tapped my dad to wake him. 
As my dad roused himself, he said, "Whatever you do, boys, don’t tell Chloe about my dizzy spell on the plane. She would make a big deal out of it."
We checked into the motel my mom had reserved. Casey and I had a room of our own, but a door joined ours to my folks’, and even with it shut I could hear my mom, whose voice had become rather loud from having to yell at eighth-grade students and at Grandma who couldn’t otherwise hear her. Casey had dropped off to sleep and was uttering little snuffles, and I was flopped on the other bed when my mom said, "Earl, if it hurts, we need to get you to a doctor. Not tomorrow. Right now."
I waited a few minutes for a knock and for my mom to announce they were going out, but the knock didn’t come until way later, and then it was only my mom delivering a pepperoni pizza. Casey and I ate outside on the steps while we watched drifting clouds and wondered if we should believe the TV weatherman that tomorrow would be a fine day.
In the morning, the sun promised a ball game. Only a few thin clouds skimmed the southern horizon. All was swell, except my dad looked awfully pale. At breakfast, he seemed to strain just lifting his fork.
"Otis," my mom said while my dad stood waiting to pay the bill, "please convince him to let us take him to a doctor. Look, he can’t even stand straight."
We failed to convince him he needed a doctor, but for my mom’s sake, he agreed to go to a free or cheap clinic, if they could locate one, directly after the ball game. 
At one p.m., Tom Shields pitched Joe, East Hills’ ace, against the Michigan Jaycees. Both pitchers blanked their opponents for three innings. Jerry led the fourth off with a double, and before the Jaycees sat down, they were losing 5-0. They picked up a run, and East Hills came back with two. The game finished 7-1, East Hills.
While my mom and dad went looking for a clinic and found one at a Catholic hospital, Casey and I sat with the East Hills team in the bleachers above third base and watched Monterrey, Mexico take on Bridgeport, Connecticut. The game was a thriller, with diving catches, sure hits robbed, and about a dozen runners left on base. But much of the game I only heard about since all around me were East Hills boys, Fred, Joe, Denny, and Lou groaning and running off to the john. When Denny came back, he said, "Man, I think those Mexican kids brought Montezuma’s revenge along with them." 
The final score was Monterrey 2, Bridgeport 1. Casey and I weren’t anxious to ride a bus with a team mostly feverish and in danger of soiling their uniforms. But that was the arrangement my dad had made, in case he and Mom didn’t return by the end of the game, which they didn’t.
The teams were housed in dorms at St. Agnes College. Tom Shields asked us to stay outside. "Wouldn’t want you to come down with the crud like the rest of them," he said. 
We were tossing fly balls to each other when the Monterrey team showed up. Most of them followed their coach to the dorm, but a few lagged behind, and one skinny outfielder pointed up then at himself. Casey threw the ball high. The boy caught it barehanded. "Otro. Uno mas," he said. The next one, he caught behind his back.
He told us his name was Fidel. His brother, he said, lived in Los Angeles. "Last year the police kicked him out of your country. My brother has very good English," he said. "He teaches me a little."
I had just said we were a pitcher and catcher, from Piedras, when Tom Shields came out, overheard us and told Fidel, "Otis and Casey are alternates. You know what that means?"
"No sir," Fidel said, and gave a salute and ran off toward his dorm. 
"Alternates?" Casey asked Coach Shields.
"I’m working on it," he said.  
Before we could ask what working on it meant, his assistant coach leaned out of a doorway and called him. A few minutes later, our Chevy came bouncing into the parking lot, my mom at the wheel. 
Coach Shields reached the Chevy just before we did. After my dad insisted all was well, and Coach Shields said maybe my dad picked up the same bug as his team had, he said, "Earl, can I have a word with you, in private?"
They sat on a nearby bus bench. Casey and I climbed into the Chevy’s back seat. My mom turned my way, her face stony as I remembered it from when my aunt Harriet broke her neck falling off a ladder.
She said, "Your dad has angina."
I only gaped at her, waiting for the meaning of "angina."
"Not enough good blood gets to his heart sometimes," she said.
"He’s going to be okay, though?"
"They gave him nitroglycerin."
"Like dynamite?"
"Pills that make the blood pump freer."
"And he’s going to be okay, though?"
She nodded, "If he takes care, gives up some food he loves, like hot dogs, and doesn’t work quite so hard, he should be just fine, for a long time."
When he got back to the car, he was smiling. He said, "Mister Shields sure thinks a lot of you boys."
We ate dinner at a Chinese place. My dad had lobbied for the steak house next door, but my mom insisted, "Nothing fatty, Earl. You heard the doctor."
My dad said, "He’s a quack," and gave Casey and me a wink while we followed my mom into the Chinese place. Over dinner, my dad explained his talk with Coach Shields, who had already arranged for Photostat copies of my and Casey’s birth certificates to get sent by Western Union to Williamsport. "How would you two like to play against Monterrey?"
My mom shook her head, "Earl, they’re not from East Hills." 
"Tom talked to the national director. He says it’s okay, as long as we’re from Piedras."
But a couple hours later, back at our motel, Casey and I heard a knock on the door of my folks’ room, and then Tom Shields' deep voice, which served him well as a coach. We stood beside the adjoining door and heard, "You need to sign these, Earl. They said you can certify for Casey, since his mom’s not available."
 After a minute of silence, my dad said, "I’m not going to lie, Tom."
"What lie?"
"We don’t live in your district, like it says here."
"Earl, that’s a formality. Hell, I'd bet half of the Mexican boys don't live within a hundred miles of Monterrey."
Whatever else got said, it must’ve been in whispers or signs, because the next we heard was a door slamming.
The East Hills team got well enough to play. Whether they might have beaten Monterrey if the bug hadn’t stricken them, or if Joe had been eligible to pitch, or if my dad had signed those papers, no one will ever know. 
But what East Hills did was lose 1-0, in a game that will be long remembered, at least in Piedras and Monterrey, because a kid named Angel Macias threw a perfect game. No hits, no walks, not a single baserunner. 
7
Of all girls, Nancy was our favorite. She loved baseball, both watching games and playing workups and over-the-line, which Casey and I and a few other boys played all through winter. Nancy was the only girl who joined us. Besides her love of the game, she was special in that she didn’t belong to any of the social crowds at our junior high school, though every crowd probably wanted her, because she was kind, smart, lovely, with wavy black hair and deep blue eyes, skin soft brownish, and a shape something like JoAnn Tribble’s.
Nancy lived two houses from Casey and didn’t like being home any more than Casey did, since her mom called her dad a bum and loafer and her dad called her mom a shrew and less flattering names. So, after dark, she hung around the Boys and Girls Club between her place and the ball field, either in the study room with schoolbooks or a novel like Brave New World or Frankenstein, or she would dance in the jukebox room. Though she was quite shy, while dancing she broke so free, she became the queen of the Hully Gully, to which few junior high girls could do justice because it called for rolling their boobs in circles. 
When Cynthia got committed to the place Casey and I called the Saint Ambrose Home for the Mighty Peculiar, Nancy helped Casey cook and clean. And she convinced her mom to agree, when the school phoned, with Casey’s story that he was staying at her place, which he did exactly once to keep from needing to lie. All the other nights Cynthia was gone, he stayed home alone or with me.
Cynthia had gotten committed after a plot of hers failed. A couple years before, she had noticed a gardening crew at work on the landscaping around the office of the Bitch’s partner in crime, lawyer Davies. His office was in the section of Piedras people called the Village on account of the small shops like a drugstore with a soda fountain, a bakery that shared its aromas with the whole block, and a newsstand where boys hung out because the old proprietor didn’t mind them loitering and ogling the girly magazines.
Cynthia noted the name of the gardening company, Flores Landscaping, and convinced her neighbor Gene, a strong and friendly but mentally slow young fellow, to apply to work for Flores. 
For months after he got hired, she urged and coached Gene until he found himself pruning, weeding, and mowing the Bitch’s yard each week. Then Cynthia bided her time until the hottest spell of the year when she knew the Bitch sunbathed beside her swimming pool most every morning from eight to nine a.m.  She got that intelligence from a snoop she had engaged after meeting her at the senior center across the street from the Little League field, an old woman named Triss who daily parked in the viewpoint lot atop Mount Helen and from there walked her Chihuahua. 
Cynthia began telling Gene her accounts of horrors the Bitch had committed. In addition to the stories she told us, Casey overheard her feeding Gene tales of murder and dark intrigue she snatched out of novels and newspapers. And now, we would soon learn, she had attempted to convince him to knock the Bitch on the head with a gardening implement and then heave her into the swimming pool. 
Not only did Gene refuse, he threatened to report her to the police and also did the unthinkable, defended the Bitch.
For days, Cynthia stalked him, dubbing him every indecent name in her mighty vocabulary until Flores the boss returned to a site and caught her, chased her away, and then caught her again and phoned the police. Soon Piedras’ only policewoman arrived. Cynthia flew at her, lashing out with her cane, which in those days she used mostly as a fashion statement and to elicit sympathy. 
She landed in the Saint Ambrose Home a month after my last year in Little League, Casey’s first in Pony League, the same week my dad moved home plate in our yard to Pony League distance, 54 feet from the pitching rubber.
The last year, since my dad got waylaid by angina, to catch my pitches, he sat on a five-gallon bucket that used to hold house paint. Otherwise, he got dizzy from all the squatting and rising. So, Casey did most of the catching in our yard and my dad watched, when he was home. His workdays had gotten longer since he had needed to lay off his helper Marcelino after once again losing Tom Shields as a client. Because he spent long daytime hours phoning and visiting contractors and interior designers, he returned to the shop many evenings after dinner to mill, saw, glue, and varnish.
But even if he could no longer be my catcher, he didn't give up coaching me. He read every book he could find by a pitcher or coach or on baseball in general, searching for the best advice. And when spring finally arrived, he watched every televised game and asked us to join him. Mostly he studied the catchers, where they set the target and, when the camera gave a glimpse of signs they were calling, he told us so we could watch the ball’s particular movement. And if no game was on or when my mom insisted on a favorite tv show of hers like What’s My Line? or Ed Sullivan, my dad often took us aside and talked or quizzed us about what pitches to throw to what types of batters, and where to place each pitch in the zone or how far out of it on what counts or in what game situations. He taught us how to surprise the batters and keep them off balance.
By spring, I was throwing almost 80 mph, like the fastest high school seniors around, not on account of any super strength but because for almost seven years my dad directed and corrected my mechanics, made sure I knew how to relax, believe in my skills, and make the best of every push off, turn, and landing.  I also threw a changeup that dipped left, and a hard slider that usually hooked and dove so fitfully, some coaches asked umpires to check my hand for grease. In games, after deciding on a pitch I often succeeded in losing sight of the batter, losing track of the count, the score, and the inning so nothing existed except Casey's glove, knee high, letter high, one ball, two balls or three balls inside or outside from the middle. Sometimes I felt, in a good way, like a cross between a boy and a machine.
When our Pony League all-star team won the district tournament and qualified for regionals, a Piedras Scout sportswriter came and interviewed Casey and me. 
He wrote: "At fourteen years and four days old, on the pitching mound in his family’s yard beside a towering eucalyptus, Otis Otterbach could more easily pass for a bumpkin than for the honor student he is. His posture is lazy, and his arms hang beside his knees. His cap sits crooked, almost six feet from the ground and fringed by unruly black hair. When he concentrates, his cheeks dimple and his cleft chin jabs out as if to test the wind. 
"Squatted behind home plate and pounding his catcher's glove, his muscles bulging hard as a gymnast's, Carl 'Casey' Jones' keen turquoise eyes watch the spin of the ball. Between pitches, he bobs and sways, radiating such energy it appears any moment he might bound over rooftops."
Coach Alvarez, who managed a team we had beaten in the district tournament, was also a history teacher at St. Mark's Catholic High School, known as the best of all local schools in both sports and academics. The coach phoned, talked to my dad and asked about my grades, then arranged to visit us. Over a tuna casserole lunch Grandma fixed and served, he told my mom, my dad and me about the excellent teachers, small class sizes, weight training programs and facilities, awards the school and its students had received, and so on. Then he told us he could arrange for a full scholarship.
Later, my dad commented that St. Mark's students were probably spoiled kids from places like Mount Helen, Mount Soledad in La Jolla, or Rancho Santa Fe where the homes and yards were at least twice as spacious as Grandma’s and as lavish and immaculate as our place was simple and shabby. My mom said she would feel a bit disloyal, since she was an advocate of public education. Still, my folks agreed to let me go there if I wanted to, which I did want as long as Casey could go there too. 
St. Marks' tuition was double what Cynthia had paid to send Casey to his Catholic elementary school. My dad phoned Coach Alvarez and asked if they might consider a scholarship for Casey. The coach phoned Cynthia and asked to see Casey's grades. Cynthia arranged for the school to send a copy. A week later, the coach phoned her and apologized because he would be out of town for a week, but he had arranged for her to meet with the provost, who was in charge of the school’s money.
After Cynthia and Casey met with the provost, Casey showed up at our house. He said, "Wait till you see this provost. Big as Cynthia, all dressed in Mother Superior stuff, a face like one of those statues on Mount Rushmore. Even while Cynthia lectured her, that lady’s face never so much as twitched."
"Cynthia lectured her?"
"I’ll say she did. First she went off about Saint Augustine, mostly calling him a tool for not writing the truth that the Holy Spirit is female. And then she lectured about what a travesty it is that the church even considers holding mass in English or whatever besides Latin. She said, ‘If we don’t have a secret language, we’re feeding the little people more than they can digest. Without a secret language, she said, we might as well be Protestants.’"
"Yikes," I said. "Did the provost think she’s nuts?"
"Well, who wouldn’t? Except Cynthia herself, I mean."
"And Nancy." 
"Yeah, right," Casey said. "Good ol’ Nancy."
Nancy, who had spent dozens of hours visiting Cynthia in the St. Ambrose Home, often defended Casey’s mom if anyone — like me — even suggested the woman was crazy. She argued that just because a person saw the world differently didn’t mean we shouldn’t listen to her wild ideas. Nancy loved listening to Cynthia’s ravings, and the wilder and stranger they got, the more Nancy seemed to enjoy them. She even argued that theories of Cynthia’s, like Disney making his fortune by creating animals with cute little human-like butts, were actually quite wise. 
"Anyway," Casey said after visiting St. Mark’s, "Cynthia thinks the provost is a new big fan of hers. She’s sure I’ll get the scholarship.
"They didn’t tell you for sure?"
"Nope. The lady just nodded then showed us to the door while Cynthia was still lecturing."
"So, what do you think?"
Casey shook his head. 
The next day, a St. Mark’s secretary called with regrets and said they weren't able to offer Casey a scholarship.
"Cynthia blames the Bitch," Casey told me. "The Bitch got to the provost, she says, and now she’s on a crusade to find out who the snitch could be who told the Bitch about us applying to St. Mark’s. Her first suspicion is somebody from our school who got clued when we requested they send my grades. I just hope to God she cools down before she decides to blame your mom or dad."
8
After my aunt Mary found a lump in her breast and her doctor confirmed she had cancer, she delivered her three kids to Grandma’s place most every weekend. Sunday mornings, Ward, Kris, Jill, and I woke early and hurried to Grandma's studio, as fond of her stories as when we were small. 
Grandma told us of tornadoes crossing the Mississippi, dances in the armory where the young officers courted girls like her. She condensed Tale of Two Cities, Les Miserables, The Fairy Queen, and The Last Days of Pompeii into hour-long versions fit for children or anybody, all the while standing at her easel, dabbing layers of color on a canvas. Often, she paused to ask one of us something like whether blue or green would go best on a certain piece of sky. What we suggested, she usually applied. Grandma’s greatest art wasn’t making pictures, writing poems, or telling stories. She used those materials in the art of creating people. And she honored her creations in paintings and verse.
Whenever she wrote a poem, we kids got to be her first audience. A favorite of mine was about my mom and her brothers and sisters:

Where skies are blue and the western sea
Sings of peace and calm,
Six happy children dwell with me,
In a cottage ‘neath Pepper and Palm
Spirits of light and joy are they
Laughing and singing the livelong day
Begging for stories of Prince or Knight
But most for the jingles I often write.
They crowd around me with eager air
Climb onto my lap and the arms of my chair
With "Mama please Mama make up for us dear
A poem, some verses ‘bout each of us here."

"And shall I not tell of the wonderful sea
Of the wind beaten shore or the mist covered lea
Of the mountains all purple and golden and green
As the sun’s setting rays casts its transforming sheen?"

"No, Mama not this time, just write a few rhymes
Of us little folks and our merry good times
And do not forget the long hikes that we take
To the beach and the roaring camp-fires we make.
How we dive in the waves and dance in the spray
Find beautiful shells and with trailing kelp play.
How we pile the wet sand into castles with ease
Oh, aren’t these times dandy? Do write of them please."

Now of this happy six I will tell you in turn
And I know that their kisses and hugs I will earn
For I dare not in ink their childish faults state
I only their graces and virtues relate.

Chloe
Ten summers ago, the first came here to dwell
And no lovelier baby ever was, I know well
But baby no longer, straight, graceful and tall
She’s the strength of the family and hope of us all.
She comes like a fresh breeze that makes the air clear
And vivaciously tells us the news of good cheer
While her dark eyes and hair and her bright glowing cheek
Make a picture an artist or poet would seek....

After my mom's verse came one each about my six aunts and uncles. 
Casey adored my grandma, some for her art, some for her kindness, but mostly because of her devotion to my mom, uncles, aunts, and me. He asked, "Have you ever wondered, if your grandma had run off to Paris and gotten in with a highbrow crowd, whether her poems would’ve become wild and deep, or crazy like Baudelaire?"
"Nope," I said. 
"Or suppose she’d painted fifteen hours a day, refined her strokes and colors and all. Maybe she would've sold to museums and millionaires."
"I like her the way she is."
"So do I, Otis. That's my point. Instead of pouring it all into her work, she gives her love to you guys.
Grandma and I often tramped down the back of our hill to the deserted granite quarry along the railroad tracks. These days Grandma needed a walking stick and sometimes grasped it with both hands, so I carried the shopping bag that we would stuff with mushrooms on the way home. On our way to the quarry, the bag was heavy with lunch sacks, roast beef or chicken sandwiches, potato chips, and loquats or olives. We would place them on a cliff-side ledge dogs couldn’t reach, four or five lunches with a Spanish phrase on each sack, written in crayon. "Bienvenidos," Grandma would write. "Vaya con Dios," or "Buen viaje." Because they were meant for the men who had jumped the border, twenty miles south, and who followed the railroad tracks until they found work.
One summer day when Grandma and I had walked to the quarry, on the way home she wanted to stop and rest, sitting on a stool-shaped boulder. For a long time, her lips pursed and quivered. Then she said, "Otis, the day will come, perhaps before long, when you don't know who you are anymore. And, piece-by-piece you will need to discover yourself. The process will take your whole life, but always you’ll be fitting more pieces and getting sturdier, so when life hurls stones at you, they aren’t going to bruise you as bad. You might even catch some and find gems imbedded. Anyway, the more you get knocked, the better you learn who you are. The better you know yourself, the more you’re able to love. The more you love, the less you fear. And as the fear ebbs, you can abide things that once terrified you. Even death. You see?"
I told her I did, though what I mostly saw was that she believed any words of hers might be among her last, so she wanted to make them the right ones. Her eyes had gotten too blurred to let her paint except in sunlight. Her bones ached. She wore a hearing aid. Her shoulders were round, her skin looked rubbery. For plenty of years, fate had been walloping her. My mom had spent a year of her youth in bed with rheumatic fever. One of my uncles suffered a breakdown and became forever an awkward recluse. My youngest uncle returned from war with tuberculosis. Cancer had taken Grandpa and now it might soon take her third child, dear brave Mary.
Still, she declared, every day brought adventure. Because she saw things most people didn't. On a full-moon summer evening, I joined Grandma on the deck outside her bedroom. She gazed across the neighbor’s yard at a high pile of rubbish and trash. "Look Otis," she said, "It’s a castle by the sea. The Roman legions are plodding up the steep hillside, to wage battle against the Carthaginians."
Casey once told me he imagined Cynthia could have become like Grandma, if life or whatever hadn’t made her nuts. The one time I asked him what made his mom like she was, he told me about the Netzachs, and his grandma Venus being one of the founders, and how they believed in something called the Akashic record, the collection of all human events, thoughts, words, and emotions ever to have occurred, be occurring, or destined to occur. And, he said, when Cynthia was little, Venus called her an adept, meaning someone who at times could visit what they believed was an ethereal place from where they could see at least glimpses of all that knowledge. 
"Maybe," he said, "it was Venus calling my mom an adept that made Aunt Laurel crazy jealous."
"What about your aunt?" I asked. "Did she really murder your dad, and try to kill Cynthia, and all that?"
"Probably not all that," he said. "Some of it, I guess. Otis, the way I figure, either my aunt is as evil as Cynthia claims or else both of their craziness could be genetic."
That idea made us both shiver.
     9
My fourteenth year, once again, Casey and I got sent to different leagues. He played American Legion. I was still assigned to Pony League. And, just like two years before, when they separated us by age, my fastball lost some zip, my slider didn't plunge as hard, and I often walked several batters a game. 
Our all-star team was solid, especially the infield, which made pitching easier. If I could keep the fastball around knee high and on the corners, I could win. My record that year was 14-1. We won four straight in the district tournament. One more would send us to the state championship. Coach chose me to pitch that game. 
The start time was nine a.m., and the tournament was in Escondido, almost fifty miles northeast of Piedras, yet we arrived before seven. My dad, my mom and Casey got second row seats directly behind home plate where my dad liked to sit and study the spin on my pitches and subtleties of the umpire's calls. If he thought I was missing some strike-zone nuance, such as a difference in the umpire’s calls between right and left-handed batters, he might send word to me. 
The first three innings, I held Tustin scoreless on one hit, three strikeouts, and several grounders to our shortstop. But in the fourth, the first two batters I let a couple pitches go waist high and gave up two line-drive singles. As the next batter approached the plate, while I waited for the sign, my eyes drifted up and I noticed my dad bending forward like he had in the Piper Cub over Pennsylvania. 
I backed off the mound and saw Casey reach for my dad's shoulder. Then my mom grabbed his other shoulder, and when they raised him upright, his face wasn't the reddish that angina usually turned it. Now it was blue and going purple. 
I heard the umpire shout at me to play ball, but I ran past him and would have smashed through the backstop if it had been flimsier. By now, I couldn't see my dad for the people surrounding him. A woman kept hollering for a doctor. I threw down my glove, ran around the dugout and out the gate and heaved myself through the crowd to my dad and to Casey who wrapped an arm around my shoulders.
The ambulance medics wouldn't let me ride along. Only my mom got to go. I had to stay with the team, though I couldn't pitch anymore. The umpire and coaches allowed Casey to sit with me in the dugout, where he kept the other boys from asking me questions.
Tustin won 6-3.
My dad spent nine days in the hospital, and by the time he came home, consigned to a wheelchair, he looked like a skeleton bound up in wrinkled skin. When he noticed me staring at him in horror, he said, "Hey, you try living on that hospital food."
Grandma fed him heartily, and before too many weeks, he ditched the wheelchair and returned to work for a few hours day, though the work he could manage was mostly taking new orders. He wanted to rehire Marcelino, the helper he had laid off, but Marcelino had another job, hanging drywall. Not cabinetry, but at least he was drawing wages my dad couldn't match. So, he offered Marcelino a partnership. 
Through October and November, my dad worked mornings only, mostly drawing plans and taking orders. Afternoons he would nap until my mom came home from school early. She had arranged to take her prep period at home. If she hadn’t and hadn't treated my dad as firmly as she treated eighth-graders, my dad would have gone back to work after his nap. I heard her shout in the voice she used for Grandma, who seemed to lose more of her hearing every week or so, "The darn fool. I care more about him staying alive than he does." 
The week after Thanksgiving, my dad slipped out while my mom was at a PTA meeting. He found Marcelino in the shop working on unfamiliar furniture. Marcelino told him this work was for his cousins, and that he had bought the supplies on his own. But the next day, my dad called some accounts and discovered several orders that had been delivered and invoiced with Marcelino’s signature, but for which he could find no record. When he asked Marcelino, the man broke and confessed that on his own he was remodeling a kitchen. 
My dad came home and told us he had sent Marcelino to the showers. And from then on, most every afternoon, he disobeyed my mom, returned to the shop, and worked until long after dark.
On Christmas day, he promised Mom he would relax and not even think of going into the shop. My mom roasted a turkey, my aunt Mary brought a ham, Grandma baked pumpkin and rhubarb pies, my dad's favorite. Each of the women made a creamy vegetable dish, buttery potatoes, or candied yams. The way my dad ate, I believed he was healed. Ever since the hospital, I hadn't once seen him use his nitroglycerin. 
After dinner, my cousins, Casey, and I went outside to throw and kick balls around, but when I ran in to use the bathroom, I noticed my dad at his drawing board, where he sketched and drafted for remodels. 
I didn't notice him leaving. He must have slipped out the back and driven my mom's old car, which she parked in the garage beneath Grandma's studio. My mom stayed occupied with cleaning and talking about kids with her sister. Grandma was the one who noticed my dad was gone. 
Mom drove to the shop and found him working the router. He argued but lacked the energy to win. At home, he ate a last slice of rhubarb pie.
Casey spent the night. After my cousins went home, after one more helping of potatoes and turkey, Casey and I gave up and slept. 
Around midnight, an ambulance came, but even its siren didn't wake us. I was deep in a baseball dream. They visited me quite often, but this was different than most. I was only a spectator, at a professional minor league championship game in which my dad managed one of the teams. They wore green and yellow uniforms, and my dad flashed his fingers and hands, signaling all the pitches and plays, offense and defense. His team won by a dozen runs. By the end of the dream, he was happy, and stronger than ever.
Morning arrived when my mom opened the bedroom door and said, "I'm afraid ... Your dad died, Otis."
She wasn't crying. My mom never cried.
I didn't cry until later. Instead, I yanked on my jeans and ran barefoot out of the house and down the hill. Casey caught up while I was sitting alone in the Little League field first base dugout, slamming my knees with my fists. He carried a bat and rucksack over his shoulder. Without a word, he lay the bat on the bench beside me then pulled from the bag my socks and sneakers, my glove, his glove, and three baseballs.  
We played catch before he asked me to pitch him some. The first pitch, waist high and down the middle, he clobbered out of sight, up the hill, almost to the Boys and Girls Club. 
10
Our freshman year, Casey and I played the first half of the season in junior varsity before the varsity called us up. Now, when we returned to school in January of our sophomore year, ten days after my dad died, the coaches assigned us directly to varsity. But my heart and control had gone into exile. After only two games, Coach Matson moved me back to J.V., saying I would get more work there. 
For a month that spring, after my aunt Mary got her cancerous breasts removed and while her husband was away on a cruise in the Navy, to keep her company, Grandma moved into their place on Mission Bay. 
These days, without Grandma or my dad to cook for, my mom hardly ate, at least at home. By the time she finished doing laundry and correcting papers, all she wanted was to sleep and probably dream of the exotic lands she and my dad had planned to visit someday. And Casey didn’t come over as much as before because the varsity team played night games or held long practices, since our coach wanted to win every game. Like plenty of high school coaches, his goal was to build a rep that would get him a job at a junior college where he could win titles, which might buy him a job at a university or a pro team. 
I didn’t care to watch many of that team’s games as watching them made me with I was sitting next to my dad. And since my mom didn’t seem to need me or welcome company, for a couple dinners a week, I went to our friend Willy’s place. Willy was a distance runner, cross-country and half-mile. Casey, Willy, and I had become friends in fall when our coach assigned us to work out with the cross-country boys. 
Willy's mom was a tiny woman with a mammoth heart and breasts to match and a voice like the bark of a dachshund. She loved to give orders and pretend to fume at our disobedience. 
Willy was bright and witty, his home was our favorite hangout, and Casey and I admired his weird art. Among our favorites were an apple core tree, some gnarly dead branches onto which he hung the browned remains of a few dozen apples; the staircase he had converted into an obstacle course of whoopee cushions; and his super-culture, a fish-tank into which he tossed slimy and filthy things.  
And if Vivian's hearty meals and Willy's art hadn't been enough to make their home my favorite, his little sister Denise had a crush on me. She was barely thirteen but mature for her age and a tease. She would brush my arm with her little breasts and sit on my lap squirming until she felt what she wanted. Then she would quick-kiss my cheek and give a coy smile. 
After Grandma came home from her stay at Aunt Mary's, about a month before I turned sixteen, I kept her company most evenings, because I believed she wanted to cram into me all the wisdom she could manage in what time she had left.  
We were on her deck sipping lemonade when she said, "Otis, here's something to think about. If you don’t want to live, most anything could kill you — an acorn falling on your head, a summer cold, or eating the wrong kind of dinner."
She winked, trying to lighten my heart. She could wink but I was scared and desperately lonely from imagining her gone.
By now Grandma was quite deaf and half blind. She could hear if we shouted and her hearing aid was on. She could see blurs and some colors; pink to crimson was all rose and every light color was gray or brown.
Very early mornings, in time to catch direct sunlight through the east window of her studio, she stumbled from her bedroom next to mine, made her way downstairs hanging on to the bannister then tripped on the doormat as she walked outside. She wandered through the yard with a hand cupped around her ear like a megaphone, attempting to make out the tunes of jays and sparrows. She paused to sniff the eucalyptus, pines, and mulberry trees she had planted fifty years before.
I shook myself awake, dressed and, to avoid my mother who would be irritable from her migraine headaches, the onset of which came soon after she lost my dad, I went through Grandma’s room to the balcony, climbed down the rock chimney then walked to the back yard and studio. Grandma was at her easel. She felt my vibration on the floor and turned around.
"Otis," she said, "look, I can still paint, can’t I? Only, is it green I’ve put on these mountains?"
"Yellow," I said. "You always put yellow where green ought to be."
Grandma smiled. "Then I’ll simply make it springtime. It will be wild mustard on the hills. They can be hills instead of mountains."
I sat on the floor and warmed my feet in the quilt she kept there for me. Over my almost sixteen years, a thousand mornings had passed like this with Grandma’s stories about heroes, princes, fairy queens and prodigal sons. Now she dabbed paint and told me about Joaquin Murrieta, a murderous bandit from long ago.
Grandma said Joaquin had a fiery temper like mine had become over the half year since my dad died. A week before today I had demolished a chair after my mom said that I was still a boy and so had no right talking back to my arrogant Spanish teacher. 
In old California, Grandma said, the Mexicans got driven from their land, so Joaquin became wild with fury. He went out to rob and massacre. But a bounty hunter named Harry Love caught Joaquin, chopped off his head and carried it to Stockton where a merchant displayed it in a glass case and the citizens paid to look.
Grandma said, "One night in Stockton, Joaquin’s sweetheart, Carmela, came to see him. She broke in late one night. She lifted the glass away and touched the hair, crying ‘Joaquin, you have murdered me too. I must kill this Harry Love. Once I was innocent. God loved me, Joaquin.’ Then she fell to her knees and covered her eyes, trembling because the head had begun to speak.
"Softly, Joaquin said, ‘God once loved me too, Carmela. And now Joaquin will not kill anymore. He will no longer fear the slaughter he has done or hope it is a nightmare. Joaquin will not think about damnation. He is already damned. It is finished. Put his head in a box, Carmela, and throw it into the sea.’"
Once Grandma had been a beauty like Carmela. Even now her hair was mostly black, and her eyes sparkled, but her body was lumps and folds and her face was disguised in that mask old people have to wear.
She smiled and asked me to tell her Carmela’s story, because she knew I wanted to make up stories. But whenever I tried, as soon as I told the action to roll, the characters would stand still and glower at me.
Carmela could kill Harry Love, but then who would kill Carmela? Harry Love could kill Carmela, then her brothers or somebody would go after Harry Love, but that seemed no closer to an ending.
Friday night, a girl named Mickey met me at the movie theater in downtown Piedras, what we called the Village. This was our third date. I knew from Grandma, my mom, my dad, and even from Casey, that I had no business pouncing on anyone; that instead I should be a kind gentleman, but these days around girls, I felt more like a ravenous monster. I might have pounced as soon as the lights dimmed, long before Paul Newman shot pool against Jackie Gleason. But tonight I was busy thinking. 
Grandma was disappointed that I couldn’t make up stories, and I thought disappointment must be one reason she had grown tired of living. If I could make up a wonderful story about Harry Love and Carmela, she might take heart and want to live longer so she could teach and encourage me to be an artist like herself.
I had been tormented from trying to understand Carmela and Harry Love so I could decide what they should do. Now, I toyed with Mickey’s thick tawny hair and watched her knee bounce, until I discovered an idea, a feeling that sex might be at the heart of Carmela’s story.
And I turned so horny it felt like a kind of madness.
I said, "Let’s go get my car."
"But you don't have a car," she whispered.
"My mom got my dad's Chevy, so I got Grandma's jalopy."
"But you don't have a license," she whispered.
"Sure I do," I said, and told her I had a special permit you could get if you lived with an invalid who might need emergency transportation. I hustled Mickey out of the theater and up the hill to my house. She didn’t argue or ask to see the permit. Even her innocent ways, I thought, must be fronts for a brain full of wildness and larceny.
My car was a 1947 Plymouth that used to be Grandpa's, and which my mom drove until she got my dad's Chevy. The Plymouth was parked in the garage below Grandma's studio. I knew where to find the spare key, beneath the shotgun door in a magnetized box. A few times I had used the key and gone for a cruise around the block.
We took care to keep quiet opening the door, and instead of starting the car, we pushed it outside then rolled it down the hill. 
If I drove to the beach, I thought, with the romance of silver-tipped waves and moonlight, I could convince Mickey to strip and go swimming. Then I would be in business.
But as we passed the theater, my friend Willy and Mickey's best friend Joan flagged us down.
They climbed in back. Joan fell on top of Willy and her skirt rode up. Willy put his hands on her thighs. The beach was twenty miles. I decided to get somewhere quickly. I drove to our hill and up to a vacant lot overlooking the old granite quarry where Grandma and I used to pick mushrooms and give sandwiches to Mexicans camping on their way north.
When I parked near the cliff, Joan was panting. Willy had his hand up her skirt.
Mickey let me kiss down her neck, so I followed a bone ridge to her chest, loosed her top button with my teeth and tried to tongue down her cleavage, but she pulled my hair. "We’re not alone, Otis," she whispered.
I wrestled her legs out from under her, but she kept her knees flexed as weapons, buttoned her blouse, and leaned back against the door. I tried to pry her knees apart, but she pinched my fingers with them.
"I’m just trying to get comfortable," I said.
"No, you’re not. You’re trying to get between my legs."
"If I don’t, I’ll fall off the seat."
"All right," she said, and let me between her knees. "But watch out what you try. I can tell you’re excited."
"Bet he’s got a hard-on," Joan said and giggled.
"Big deal," I said. "Tell her to shut up, Willy."
Mickey let me French kiss for a while then I worked my hand beneath her slacks. Her butt was quivering. "The seat’s poking me," she said. "And my foot’s bent sideways."
Joan giggled.
"Make her shut up, Willy."
"Screw you, Otis," Joan said.
I sat up and gave her the finger. Willy had her panties around her knees and his hand under the front of her dress. "She’s got her panties around her knees," I whispered to Mickey.
"I do not," Joan said. "That’s a lie."
"God, Otis," Mickey said. "You’re mean."
I didn’t feel mean. If I could’ve made her feel like I did, like somebody wrapped in cellophane, hot and panicked, if we could have the same heart and mind for just one moment, maybe she would strip and sacrifice most anything to give us comfort. And if we created a baby, she would want to come live with me where Grandma could tell the baby stories.
But I couldn’t even say I was sorry without choking on the words. And long ago, in Little League, I had learned to turn tender feelings into anger. The first couple seasons I played ball, if I let down our team, I would get teary, and other kids' parents as well as my mom would turn frowns of pity on me. But if I cussed or threw a glove or bat, though adults might disapprove, they showed me a sort of respect. Maybe I let them down, but at least I was acting like a man.
I climbed out of the Plymouth and kicked the fender hard. Then I walked to the cliff and threw rocks over. They clanged on the wreck of a car in the quarry. When I snuck a look back, Mickey was combing her hair. It was no use trying to change anybody’s mind. Thinking that was what made me cruel.
I walked over and kicked Mickey’s door. "Get out," I said. Then I kicked the back door and said it again. Willy and Joan crawled out, griping. I went around front and loosed the brake and gearshift then pushed the car a few feet until it rolled by itself. When the front wheels crossed into the air, the frame caught in dirt. It teetered for a while before it slid and the front end went straight down and hit the cliff. The rear end flipped. My car banged off the cliff three times before it landed in the quarry. I wanted it to blow up and burn, but it didn’t.
"Damn. Jesus," Willy said. "That was a good car."
"Are you okay, Otis?" Mickey asked. She was holding me from behind and shivering.
"I’m sorry I laughed, Otis," Joan said.
"Lucky it didn’t bounce that way," Willy said, pointing south. "It might’ve landed on a wetback."
I didn’t say anything. While I walked Mickey home, she held my hand, probably figuring I was a dangerous lunatic she had best humor until her getaway. At her house, she didn't linger for a kiss or anything, just turned and ran inside.
Walking home, I thought about how funny Grandma used to look when she drove that car long ago, because the car was far too big for her. And I remembered when a kitten hid in the motor and got chopped all to bits by the fan. 
At home, I climbed to the balcony beside Grandma’s bedroom and listened to her gruff and ragged breathing. I thought, of all the billion people in the world she was the only one who would forgive me everything, no matter what.
Grandma wouldn’t live much longer. That morning she had told me about a river valley where piles of dead leaves were magical castles, where there were pools of warm, clear water, tidelands everywhere, and streams of sunlight happy girls could skip up and pick fruits from the sky.
I snatched a sleeping pill from my mom’s vial and slept late in the morning.
My mom was on the front porch. She shouted for me to come out. When I did, she gripped her hands together, probably to keep from slugging me. "The police called," she said. "They found Grandpa’s car in the quarry. You’d better have a good story, Otis, or I’ll tell them to take you to juvenile hall, I swear."
"It was my car," I said.
"Did you drive at the cliff and jump at the last second?"
I didn't answer, knowing she would yell just the same no matter what I said.
"I know you were acting out a fantasy. Pretending to be James Dean in that movie you like?" 
"Yeah, okay, sure."
She sat on the porch rail and shook her head as though she knew everything. "Otis, you know I don’t like to talk against your Grandma, but this needs to be said. Those stories of hers are so dangerous, the way they fill your head with illusions. Look at your uncles." She meant Charley who built a sailboat that sank on its way to Tahiti, and Fenton who was getting his sixth divorce. "Or me, to marry a wonderful man whose dreams bought us nothing but debt. Otis, Grandma’s stories are for children. Then you put them aside, or else they become a curse."
She stared at me, and I stared back for a long time, feeling as though I should defend Grandma and my dad. But I didn’t know enough. My ideas were like theirs, visions of how things should be rather than how they were.
"Did you tell Grandma?"
"Of course."
I made a savage face and nodded until the nodding became a spastic compulsion, while I thought about Grandma with her eyes watering, her chest going heavy and pulling her down.
"Go on to Grandma," my mother said. "I can’t do a goddam thing with you anymore."
I trudged to the studio and sat on the steps, believing Grandma would probably absolve my troubles by taking them on herself, and die even sooner than she would have otherwise, if she hadn’t died already rather than see me again. I pounded my legs with a stick, then threw the stick at a bird and walked into the studio.
Grandma was there at her easel. "I’ve given up colors," she said. "They don’t matter anyway. It’s textures I’m trying for now. I know what you did. Otis, it was just something you did. We already know what you are." She pressed my chin between her fingers and smiled, meaning whatever I was, was all right to be.
"I’ll tell you a story," she said.
"Once there was an older brother who had magical powers and a very young sister. They lived in the north woods. When the brother was about to die, he told the sister, ‘Cut off my head and hang it over the door, then I can watch out for you.’
"Soon he died, and the sister obeyed him. This was near a mountain where a great bear lived. He slept in his cave all winter, but when warriors came to hunt him, he would wake up and kill them. Until one day a strange warrior appeared at the sister’s hogan to ask for help with hunting the bear."
"Was the warrior named Harry Love?" I asked.
"All right," she said. "He was Harry Love. That's a good name for a warrior. What was he doing in the north woods?"
"Running. Because he figured Carmela and a gang of Mexicans were out to kill him for whacking off Joaquin’s head."
Grandma nodded in pleasure. "As they started up the mountain, an avalanche came. They found shelter under a ledge. Harry Love said, ‘The avalanche has awakened the bear. Take my knife and cut your hand. Let the blood keep flowing and hold it high so the bear can’t miss smelling it, while I stay hidden. Walk out lightly into the drift from the avalanche. Because you are small you will stay above the snow, but when the bear comes to take you, his weight will drive him down, then I will come and beat him to death with my tomahawk.’"
Grandma’s voice became raw and grim while she told how the sister helped kill the great bear. Then she skipped through time until, back at the hogan, Harry Love sat looking proud and giving orders.
"He told the sister to take her brother’s head from above the door and burn it, but she refused. So, he chopped off her head with his tomahawk. Then he set fire to the hogan and burnt both the heads. The sister and brother saw it all, from the smoke they had become together, because they had the same souls in their heads." With her eyes drifting, Grandma said, "I wonder what became of Harry Love."
She smiled dreamily and looked at me for an answer, but I only shuddered and asked, "Grandma, why do you tell me stories about whopped off heads?"
"Oh," she said, and thought for a while, "a chopped off head could belong to somebody who gets carried away, like in anger or when we fall in love. And it could belong to a madman, an artist, or an old person who doesn’t want her body anymore." She sighed and looked toward the window. "Or it could be what's left after we die, the spirit that lives to watch over the people who are still our treasures. But I don’t really know why I tell the stories. If I knew, I would probably tell you why instead of telling the story."
That week Grandma got laryngitis. She couldn’t talk and only painted an hour or so in the mornings. My mom wanted to take her to the hospital, but she refused and said she was improving.
One night she started to choke. I got scared and even after she stopped choking, I couldn’t relax to sleep. I needed someone to share these troubles, a devoted ally, like a sister might be. My mom and I loved each other, but she had so little imagination she couldn’t help me save Grandma. Besides, I wanted somebody besides my mom to hold me.
Willy was the closest to a brother I had, and his sister Denise came closest to being my sister. Thinking about her quick kisses and all, a fever crept into me. Also, I thought Denise might help me with a story that could revive Grandma. Or at least she might give comfort and take my mind off death, especially if we loosened up with wine.
I stole a few dollars from my mom’s purse then snuck out and ran down the hill to the quarry. Three Mexicans were sleeping in the shack where the quarry office used to be. I woke one, which spooked him. Then he couldn’t figure out why I was giving him money and saying "Vino." I had to lead him across the road and point to the liquor store.
Once I had the wine, a six-pack of small bottles, I followed a trail up the cliff and over the hill, stopping to drink and trying to feel brave.
Denise’s lights were out but her window was open. I jimmied the screen then reached in and whispered her name. She yelped. I told her to hush and said, "I can’t drink all this Ripple myself."
She climbed out wearing baby doll pajamas, quivering with excitement, her hair still damp from a shower. I followed her across the lawn to a sand pile behind the guest house. She sat and grinned and drank wine, with her shoulders pressed back so her nipples poked out.
"I never got drunk before," she said. "I’m glad the first time is with you, Otis."
She kissed my cheek and flashed her coy smile. Then I lay with my head on her lap, watching stars and thinking that even if  we got carried away and I knocked her up, Denise would make a perfect mother, young and happy with plenty of vigor. In places like Mexico, girls her age were always having babies.
I smelled something foul and asked, "What stinks?"
"Willy’s super-culture."
The super-culture was a fishbowl into which, for a year, Willy had been tossing food scraps and boogers, armpit hairs and cigarette butts, worms and snails and flies, sweat, dingle-berries, and toe jam. He thought it might create a new kind of mold or work to repel mosquitoes.
"My mom made him put it in the guesthouse. Boy, this Ripple tastes like Kool Ade. Will it get me drunk?"
"That would take two bottles," I said.
She swallowed the rest and tossed it away, so I gave her another and opened one for myself, wondering how I could explain to her that it was a crime some people were older and some were younger and some people were sisters, and all those accidents of birth were supposed to keep us from doing what we could if we were the same age or strangers. But, I would argue, why should they?
"Otis? Maybe I drank this bottle too fast. Oh!"
I jumped up and led her to the Elderberry bush. In the next yard was a cat fight, then a big dog came woofing and the cats jumped the fence. After Denise threw up, she turned around smiling and humming a tune she would forget and stop then start all over again. Then she stumbled and fell onto the grass.
The guesthouse door was unlocked so I helped her inside. The room was small and dusty with a double bed. I pulled back the covers and stretched Denise out on the sheet. The super-culture was befouling the air. I carried it out to the lawn.
I swallowed the last of my Ripple then sat beside Denise. I kissed her forehead. Her hair smelled like peppermint. I took a deep breath, lifted her arms, and pulled off her pajama top. She wasn’t as plump as she seemed in clothes. Her small breasts jiggled as she lay on her back with her legs spread slightly. I peeled off her bottoms and bent down to look. Not having seen a live pussy up close since I was small and played doctor with my cousin Jill, I studied it a moment, contemplating its magic and danger. I got nervous and pulled the covers over her. I slipped under the covers beside her. I kissed her neck, then lay still holding my enormous pecker. 
I squeezed up against her, so we touched all along to my knees where her feet reached. In her sleep, Denise lay her arm across me and gurgled then snuggled her hair against my face and said, "‘Night."
I stayed there, warm and tingling, and thought about the hope just a touch from some people could give, until Willy opened the door.
He looked at least as fierce as Harry Love.
I jumped up, yelping, "I didn’t do anything. Swear to God."
"Maniac." He hissed and then glowered, ready to attack, with the heels of his hands bashing each other. "She’s my sister, Otis, you pig. She’s twelve and I ought to get my dad."
I wanted to scream that he had Joan to squeeze, and I needed somebody. But all that would sound like begging. So I got mean and pushed him against the wall, then walked out to the lawn and kicked his super-culture with my heel. The fishbowl broke. The crud inside it made a stream running toward the Elderberries.
Walking home, I tried to imagine anything that might help me feel less rotten and disgraced, but nothing would. Grandma couldn’t help anymore. Even if she got her voice back and quit telling me about whopped off heads, her stories would be mostly about kings and spirits and heroes, noble ones so different from me.
I stole one of my mom's sleeping pills then slept until very late when the sparrows and jays had already quit singing and Grandma was dead. When I came into her studio, she was slumped against the wall in the quilt she kept for me. The quilt was over her face. I sat beside her, stared out the window and made up a story. In my story Grandma thought, "The poor boy dressed in a man’s body will find me cold and bloodless. I won’t let him suffer that." So she walked toward the door, but the table got in her way. It was still morning. The sun was climbing, turning the haze crimson. On her knees, she thought about mushrooms in the canyon beyond the quarry, wishing to see one for the last time and hoping to see boys walk by, headed for the ball field, with bats and gloves slung over their shoulders. 
She crawled back to the wall by her easel where a great white bird waited. She petted the bird and kissed him, then she hid in her quilt and died. The bird took her soul and flew it away, to the golden boxes where angels watch over the most precious spirits.
11
Even though, that same awful morning when death snatched my grandma, Willy went to Casey and informed him what a rat I was, Casey didn’t mention the Denise affair until nearly a month had passed. He waited until the week of my sixteenth birthday when I passed the driver’s test and got to use my mom’s Chevy to drive us to the beach. I chose the beach at the end of Marine Street, in a La Jolla neighborhood where Cynthia Jones told us she had once gone to a jazz soiree and met the novelist Raymond Chandler, one of the few writers of whom she entirely approved.
After I demonstrated my parallel parking skill by squeezing between a Jaguar and a Bentley, we ran and, bypassing the stairs, jumped off the ten-foot high sea wall. And I would have then sprinted across the sand and plunged into the deadly surf, except Casey tackled me. 
He let me sit up, pointed at the water, and asked, "Are you going to remember to tuck?"
"Sure," I said. "You think I want to kill myself?"
He shrugged. "Do you?"
"Not right now," I said, and hopped up and ran plunging into the sea. 
Because of the steep drop a few yards beyond the low tide line, the waves off Marine Street peaked and then slammed straight down. Dozens of body surfers had broken their necks here because they failed to perform the tuck and roll motion. 
We needed to dive through the face of a wave, wait for the next, rise with it then tuck and roll just as it peaked. Wait a second too long, you crash land and at least smash your face, which is what I did.
Casey doctored my bloody nose and mangled lip with a towel and salt water. He led me to the high sea wall where we sat without speaking for a while before he asked, "On purpose?"
I shrugged.
"You know," he said. "When you miss your dad or grandma, you could think about how bitchin it was having such tremendous folks, when you could’ve gotten born to a junkie and a mean boozer. That might help a little."
"Okay," I said.
"And about the Denise affair, I mean, everybody does some bad stuff, but the way we need to play the game is, when we do something bad, first we learn from it, then we let it go. What have you learned from it?"
"That I’m a skunk."
"So says Willy. But I know you better than he does. I mean, sure you’ve got stuff to learn. Like we can’t just do what we want, what we feel like doing. We’ve got to find some solid principles and stick with them no matter what kind of spell comes over us."
"Principles like, ‘Don’t get a girl drunk on Ripple and molest her, especially if she’s like your sister.’"
"That’s a good one," Casey said. "I mean, no matter if she’s your siste r or what, you can’t let yourself just use people. See, if you go by that dumb slogan, 'If it feels good, do it,' by 'good' you had better mean clean. You know, wholesome, like. Get it."
I got it. 
Later, I would learn that since the day Willy told him about my abuse of Denise, Casey had been slowly persuading him to forgive me. If I needed to define Casey in a word, I might use peacemaker. Or friend. He was a dear friend to even some otherwise friendless people, like Burt, a guy in our grade who suffered with palsy so badly you might have to listen for a minute to understand a three word sentence; and Lloyd who got suspended from school for wearing scarlet lipstick and another time pantyhose; and Leila, aka Butch, who petitioned the school board to make the coaches let her join the football team; and all the model railroad nerds.

If Casey hadn't marched me to the sign ups, I wouldn't have played American Legion that summer. 
By now I had come to understand that my dad — pitching to him, consulting with him about technique and strategy, watching his joy at my successes — accounted for about half of the reasons I loved baseball. And Grandma — I had treasured coming home and giving Grandma play-by-plays, especially after her vision got so poor she didn't watch many games. 
Still, I had Casey. Whenever he saw I needed a pep talk, he had one ready. By opening day, I recovered some passion, and I prodded myself to focus, throw with pop, spin, and precision so that he would grin and slap my shoulder on our way back to the dugout, and so that after the game we could go home glad and proud. 
Also, some of Casey’s beliefs helped me set aside a portion of sorrow. He argued that the dead aren’t really gone. Whether they live in some other dimension and sneak into ours as ghosts, he couldn’t say, but in some condition, they lived, and watched us. And if they loved us, they knew if we still loved them and knew whether we still tried to make them proud. Love was the ticket, he said, for the living and the dead. That kind of talk, I thought, would sound corny coming from anyone except Casey.

A week into our junior year, a ferocious headache kept my mom from teaching. On Tuesday, Casey rode home from school with me. I called out, "Hi Mom," as we walked inside. But I got no answer.
I hustled into my mom's room and didn't see her at first. Then I heard her mumble something. She was on the floor on the far side of her bed. I came around and knelt beside her and didn't see any blood or bruises. I reached for her hand, which was limp and clammy. She mumbled again, like a drunk about to black out. From the hall, Casey called, "Can I do something?"
"Phone our doctor. His name's Ross, in the address book by the phone."
He made the call and connected, then I ran out to the phone and told the nurse about my mom's condition. After the call, Casey and I sat on the edge of my mom’s bed and listened and tried to interpret what her latest mumble might have meant. 
When the doctor arrived, he checked her with a stethoscope and other tools then asked Casey to leave the room. Casey left, and the doctor asked, "Has she been depressed?"
"Yeah."
He nodded. "Well, her husband died, then her mother. Quite a shock."
"What's wrong with her?" I demanded.
"Sleeping pills. Some months ago, I prescribed Seconal. She must’ve gotten so despondent she swallowed a handful. We need to perform a gastric lavage." Which meant, he explained, they would pump her stomach. 
But I couldn't believe my mom would try to leave me. While Casey helped the doctor lift and lay her on the bed, I went and found the prescription vial, read the label and counted the pills. Only two were missing; those I had snatched and taken, one after shoving the Plymouth into the quarry, the other  after abusing Denise. 
When I told the doctor only two pills were missing, he rushed to the phone and called for an ambulance. 
My mom had spinal meningitis. The first night, doctors attempted to prepare me for the worst. Casey sat with me all night long.
"If ..." he said.
"Shut up," I said. "She’s not going to die."
"Right. Absolutely. But if for a minute you worry that she might, remember you’ve still got me and Cynthia."
For several years now, Cynthia had done her best to treat me as if I were not only a president's cousin, but that president reincarnated. When Casey invited me to dinner, she served my favorite dishes like spaghetti, tuna casseroles, and hamburgers. If I was going to sleep over, she made sure to put clean sheets on the spare room bed.
Still, when I thanked God because, after that most dreadful night, Doctor Ross announced that my mom would probably survive, one reason on my list was so I wouldn’t be moving in with Cynthia Jones. 
My mom got sent to a different hospital, to an isolation ward, and Casey moved in with me. Cynthia didn't argue. She said I needed help and boasted she had taught her son to be a good housekeeper. Meaning she often left him on his own and ran off to jazz festivals. Or she descended into a dark place Casey called purgatory and for days stayed locked in her room except when she opened the door a crack and ordered Casey to bring her cottage cheese, a particular book, or a glass of tea or Ginger ale.  
Casey taught me to cook and clean, convinced me to revive my habit of throwing a hundred pitches a day, and caught my pitches with as much dedication as my dad used to, not letting me skip a day for any feeble excuse. 
In the hospital isolation ward, as soon as my mom could write, she signed a form releasing her paychecks to me even though she probably suspected we might carouse, throw parties, and bring girls home. 
Girls chased me because they saw a baseball star, and they adored Casey even more for his honest charm, and for the warmth that made them feel prized. 
Casey warned me we shouldn’t tell friends we were living alone or else we would get invaded. But our doctor had a partner, Dr. Van Dyke, whose daughter was a freshman at Linthicum high school. Tanya Van Dyke might have gotten clued by her father, because within a few days, the whole school, including the principal, knew about my mom’s absence from our home.   
Our first baseman and left fielder were also the quarterback and fullback on Linthicum’s county championship football team. Mobs of girls chased after QB Joe and FB Harlan and most of them showed up at the old house on a Friday night along with most of the football and baseball teams and some good kids and delinquents from all around Piedras and even from afar.  
At first, I tried to shoo them away but, mostly on account of so many pouting girls, I lost my resolve.
Casey attempted to keep punks and drinkers from breaking anything valuable, such as Grandma’s paintings, or her collection of bottles she had left out in the sun until they turned purplish, or the sailing ship inside a bottle my dad made in a mysterious way he meant to tell me about but died before he got to it. Casey caught some whiskey drinkers playing darts in Grandpa’s library of law and history books, only instead of the dart board they threw at Grandma’s painting of my mom as a girl and her white fluffy cat and big reddish dog. He had to wrestle one of them with a choke hold to persuade them they were at the wrong party.
And when Nancy interrupted Sabrina, a notoriously wanton redhead, while she was goading an old boyfriend and a new one into a fistfight, Sabrina shoved Nancy so hard she nearly crashed into the fireplace where a pine log flamed. Casey escorted a thrashing Sabrina to her car.  
Otherwise, Casey remained an observer who left me to learn that wild parties and such would only leave me ashamed. And so, still plagued by shame for molesting Denise, I agreed that while we had the old house to ourselves, we should live like monks only without all the praying. 
Our school counselor arranged for me to stay with my aunt Harriet. But she lived in Del Mar, about thirty miles of heavy traffic away, and Coach Matson told the principal I was, except for that one infamous party, an earnest and obedient young man. So, after a severe warning, the principal admitted that he couldn't know where every student spent every night. 
Afternoons, since our high school baseball team rarely practiced during fall, after pitching in the yard we often drove to Pacific Beach and bodysurfed. When Nancy joined us, boys often gathered to watch, no doubt hoping she might lose the top of her loose red bikini. 
Many evenings we visited the downtown San Diego library, not far from the warehouse district where for several years my dad housed his cabinet shop. My dad used to say the San Diego downtown library looked like a prison. It was square and heavy gray, with tiny windows. But Casey, Nancy, and I loved the place. We usually hung out in the soundproofed music rooms listening to jazz from Casey's favorites Stan Kenton, Billie Holiday, Thelonious Monk, and to Belafonte calypso, which always got Nancy singing along and dancing as much as the library’s soundproofing allowed. Or we silently listened to English folk ballads with their tales of shipwrecks and hangings, which resonated with the gloom and foreboding that possessed me following my dad and grandma's deaths and rooted deeper while my mom lay in the hospital. 
Anyway, we didn't carouse or allow parties to develop or bring girls home, except Nancy. The three of us talked about stuff that felt serious, like some politics: the pentagon told President Kennedy that to defeat the Viet Cong would require 40,000 American combat troops, plus another 120,000 to guard the borders, which might soon be invaded by North Vietnam or China; religion, about who was more screwy, Cynthia’s Catholics or the Pentecostals we had often witnessed wailing and shouting while we passed their church Sunday mornings on our way to the ball field, or the Christian Scientists who, instead of trusting doctors, went to a prayer lady with whom we sometimes chatted as we walked to the meat market or the bakery in the Village. Other evenings we sang folk songs while I or Casey strummed the Harmony guitar. Or we read to each other: the Superman philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche; Bertrand Russell’s pragmatic atheism; Carl Jung on archetypes and our shadow selves; or Simone de Beauvoir who prompted some arguments about whether women were so different from men at birth or only after they got programmed.
Casey had turned to philosophy for enlightenment after he declined confirmation in the Catholic Church, mostly as a protest against Catholic Cynthia's bizarre prophecies. Still, to allow the Christians a fair hearing, we read the Bible’s whole New Testament. Nancy thought we should skip the Book of Revelation. Her mom mom used to drag her to a Pentecostal church and s]he called Revelation "Crazy-making."
But Casey convinced us to read it. Though he wouldn’t explain in any detail, he said that book could help us understand Cynthia. The first two evenings, Casey did the reading. But at the beginning of Boof 14, he passed the Bible to me. And after only one verse, he rose up and, without a word or glance our way, he strode out the front door.
After some moments during which I shrugged and Nancy gave me a puzzled frown, she followed him outside. I used the time to reread the verse: 
"Then I looked, and there before me was the Lamb, standing on Mount Zion, and with him 144,000 who had his name and his Father’s name written on their foreheads. And I heard a sound from heaven like the roar of rushing waters and like a loud peal of thunder. The sound I heard was like that of harpists playing their harps. And they sang a new song before the throne and before the four living creature sand the elders. No one could learn the song except the 144,000 who had been redeemed from the earth These are those who did not defile themselves with women, for they remained virgins. They follow the Lamb wherever he goes. They were purchased from among mankind and offered as first fruits to God and the Lamb. No lie was found in their mouths; they are blameless."
They only stayed outside a few minutes. Then I passed the Bible to Nancy.
The next day at school, when I asked her about his reason for walking out, she said, "He wouldn’t tell me. He just reached out to hold my hand."  
Most often, Casey was mentor and Nancy and I were the students. We wrestled long and hard with Nietzsche's claim that certain people could become Supermen by driving their spirits into the desert like camels, which meant forsaking their past, their heritage, and all the values of society, denying its myths and suppositions.  
In Pompeii Pizza, Casey said, "Then, on the other side of the desert, we metamorphose into lions. And, as lions, we slay the great dragon called ‘Thou Shalt’. And then we die."
"Die?"
"Yep. Or the lion dies. And we resurrect as an infant Superman, innocent and free to assert its own will and conquer the world. Right?"
"Sure, I read all that, but Nietzsche makes my head spin and I miss stuff."
"One thing clear," Casey said, "we have to deny God and dare to stand alone, no matter how lonely it feels."
"Why so?" I asked. "Why alone?"
"Because we can't afford to trust anybody."
"Who says?"
"Nietzsche, and me. Look, Otis, I know it hurts to think like this because trust and love usually go together and loving people is what you do best, besides pitching, but people are all going to forsake and fail us. You trusted your dad and now he's gone, and your mom is out of commission. And my father didn't even live long enough to see me born, and Cynthia, suppose I decide to believe in her. The next day, she could land in the sanitarium again. I mean, even the few people who would never fail us on purpose, still they're human and — "
"And they're old," I snapped, "and they didn't learn how to become Supermen like we're doing."
Casey reached over and mussed my hair. A ball team of ancient fellows finished eating and as they stood to leave one of them recognized us and rasped, "Hey. Linthicum’s battery. Otter-something and Jones."
We nodded and gabbed with the old boys for a while, answering questions about baseball scouts and whether we meant to do college first or go straight to the pros. Casey told them we had decided against thinking so far ahead.
They wished us luck and left. Before the waitress had a chance to bus their long table, I crept over and filled my water glass with the dregs of several pitchers of beer. I swilled the beer as medicine, because I understood what Casey had meant to imply by mussing my hair. He meant I shouldn't trust him either, that he might just forsake or fail me. And he reminded me of something he had told me before, that you can’t just love people because you can count on them, because that’s only a certain kind of selfishness, not love at all.
If we were going to love, Casey believed, we probably should do like Christ advised, and even love our enemies. Or, if that was too hard, like Christians we observed made it appear to be, we had best follow Nietzsche and not let any love get in the way of our becoming supermen. 
12 
Early December, Casey moved home to take care of Cynthia, who had suffered a cracked hip bone. Her story was, after a jazz concert at La Jolla Cove, a Japanese thug employed by the Bitch nudged her off a cliffside trail at La Jolla Cove, so she toppled and fell thirty feet onto the rocky beach. 
Christmas — the anniversary of what Casey called my dad moving on — passed, and the New Year began before the doctors released my mom. She was frail, walking in staggers and speaking in whispers. I shopped, cooked, urged her to eat more, and cleaned house just enough to appease her.
Our high school team opened the season with twelve straight wins before Cynthia cracked up.
That evening, I had pitched a three-hit shutout and got congratulated by Pepe Rivas, a scout for the White Sox, with whom the AAA Padres had lately affiliated. Pepe often watched our games. 
On the bus to our school, Casey quizzed me about the White Sox current players and their records. I flunked. 
Then, in the school locker room, Archie the trainer delivered three phone messages to Casey. One from Cynthia and two from her new boyfriend, another pianist. Some months ago, she had sent Richard packing because he argued that Dave Brubeck was more gifted than Miles Davis. The new boyfriend, named Ulysses, who had followed the police car to the station, was a black fellow who played so wild and free, he got nicknamed the mad Greek. He told us Cynthia had threatened to murder the manager of Victor's, a La Jolla jazz club, and that she publicly tried to talk him, Ulysses, into killing the man. At the police station, he gave a detective enough of her psychological history so they phoned Father Berry, the priest who ran the Saint Ambrose Home. 
By now, Cynthia had been admitted to the Ambrose, which was locked down for the night. In the morning, instead of school, we showed up at 8:00 and got advised by a nun to return in an hour, as Cynthia wouldn't be allowed visitors until prayer and sedatives had stopped her from raving about someone she called "the Enemy" and someone else she called "the Bitch" and also about "the Whore" by which she may have been referring to "the Enemy", "the Bitch", or somebody else. The nun couldn’t decipher much from her raving. 
As we walked up the hill to my house to wait an hour, Casey swore me to secrecy about something he promised to reveal. A few minutes later, we were on the balcony outside my bedroom. Casey had fetched a Bible out of the room that used to be Grandma's. He opened to the book of Revelation. 
With the Bible on his lap, he spoke meekly as though giving confession. "Saint Ambrose Home is a holy place to Cynthia, because my grandfather died there from tuberculosis and grief. The grief was because Venus, my grandmother, had left him. So ... remember last time Cynthia got herself locked up?"
"Uh huh. We played Drew Ford that night. You missed the game."
"Well, after a month in a solitary room with nothing much to read except a Bible, Cynthia came out with an interpretation of Saint John's prophecy. Or of big parts of it at least." Casey thumbed through the Bible then traced his finger down a few pages. "Okay, in Revelation Twelve — the Woman is the Virgin Mary, the Child is Christ, the Dragon is Satan. All that's obvious, but get ready, in chapter Thirteen the Beast from the Sea shows up. And ... See, Cynthia believes the Beast from the Sea is my cousin, my aunt Laurel's kid. Henry Tucker. Named after our grandpa."
He shook his head and passed the Bible to me. 
I had read a couple pages with the trepidation that deaths, philosophy, and the ominous way Casey spoke at times endowed me. Skittish, fearing what this lunacy of Cynthia's might lead to, I said, "Your cousin's the partner of the Beast 666?"
"Uh huh."
"Then who is the Beast 666?"
"Whoever Henry decides to use as a mouthpiece."
I nodded flipped a few pages ahead to the verse that appeared to spook Casey, last fall when we and Nancy tackled Revelation. The verse about the 144,000 blessed who hadn't defiled themselves with women, who never lied and were found blameless and had offered themselves to be sacrifices. 
I reminded Casey that our center fielder Bobby had told us during a bus ride that his mother recently joined the Jehovah’s Witnesses because they claimed to be that the 144,000 were them, the JWs.. I was hoping to get a laugh, but Casey only sat frowning. 
I passed the Bible back and pointed to the passage about the 144,000. "Well, who are these guys, according to Cynthia?" 
He only shrugged. A large hawk swooped down from a perch atop the highest eucalyptus and flew south toward Mexico’s dark mesas. Casey watched until the bird disappeared, then he bowed his head. "Remember the part about  Babylon and the Great Whore?"
"Sort of."
"Well, Cynthia's convinced Babylon is the entertainment industry, Hollywood for short. The Whore, she's my Aunt Laurel, also known as the Bitch."
We walked back to the Ambrose. A nun led us through its catacomb halls. Sprawled on a sofa in Father Berry’s waiting room, Cynthia wore a blue velvet blouse with a silver fox collar and an ankle length skirt with a slit that used to reach her knees but had torn far higher, baring her leg and revealing her girdle with its clips meant to hold up the nylons she now clutched in both hands, wrapping them around her wrists and fingers. I supposed she had been up all night, raving and refusing to change her clothes. Her flame orange hair was matted with sweat on one side, bushed out on the other. Mascara streamed straight down from her turquoise eyes. At thirty-nine years, she looked ageless as Medusa.
The room smelled of old books and the menthol from the cigarette Cynthia was puffing. I waited by the door. Casey sat on the sofa arm and raked his fingers through the matted side of his mother's hair. "Why'd you want to kill Victor?" he asked gently. "Isn't he your ally?"
She flailed her hand and cigarette, seeking the ashtray on the coffee table. Casey handed it to her. As she crushed out the cigarette, she gasped, "The Bitch. He sold the club to her. And why do you think she wanted it when she doesn't know jazz from 'Home on the Range'?"
When Casey didn’t answer, she screeched, "To torment me, that’s why!"
Casey lifted the back of her hair and massaged her neck. "There's still The Cliff House."
I had been around Cynthia and her boyfriends enough to know that Victor's and The Cliff House were the only jazz clubs in town reputable enough to draw musicians like Kenton, Brubeck, and once even Lena Horne. 
Clutching his hand, she groaned, "As soon as she hears I'm making that scene, she'll buy The Cliff House too. When her spies tell her I listen to Jimmy Cool on KHJ, she'll run Jimmy out of town and buy the station and fill the air time with recipe shows and polka."
Only then, Cynthia noticed me. She wheeled and bellowed, "It's time you knew the truth, Otis. As Casey knows damn well, these days the Bitch is too vicious to just kill me. She's out to drive me mad. And she's got the Enemy and a gang of lawyers and Japs to protect her, but who have I got, except a son who wastes half his time playing a game with balls and sticks?" 
She ranted about the Bitch employing Japs just to torment her because she had lived blocks from the harbor during the war when every night downtown got blacked-out for fear of kamikazes. Then she turned on Casey and me and ranted about our many faults until a nun and two orderlies escorted her out of the room and down the catacomb hallway. By now, Father Berry had come out of his office. As he watched Cynthia go, he genuflected. To Casey, he said, "You’re all grown since last we met."
Casey nodded and the priest turned to me. "And you must be the grandson of President Garfield."
"More like his third or fourth cousin." 
"And is it true you were born on the day of Hiroshima?"
I nodded and the priest said, "Last night she referred to you as ‘chosen’. Do you know what that means, to Cynthia?"
I shook my head. 
"Do you?" Casey asked the priest.
"No, sadly," Father Berry said, "She adores you both, you know, despite her harsh words. Tell me, Casey. Do you think there’s any chance of Cynthia and her sister reconciling or at least declaring a peace?"
Casey smiled. "Well, if the Red Sea parted, who knows?"
On the sidewalk in front of the Ambrose Home, I asked him, "Chosen for what, I wonder?"
He sighed. "We can ask her. But you know she'll only give us her line about if we know too much, we’ll ruin everything."
13
The Monday after school let out, Casey went to work as a lifeguard at Carmen Ranch, a budget country club — tennis courts, a swimming pool, trampolines, and miniature golf. 
Sally Grimes, among the most charming of Casey’s many admirers, had suggested the job and helped him land it by pitching his athletic prowess to her uncle, one of the owners. 
Casey was a strong swimmer, having spent his early years in Ocean Beach, and he had tried out tennis during fall of our freshman year, but trampolines were new to him. And the Carmen Ranch trampoline was a monster that sent experienced kids soaring. Casey had climbed on during a break when the only kids in the pool were good swimmers. 
The monster kept launching him higher than he expected. Then a poolside mother screeched when her little girl slipped off the diving board into the deep end. Casey tried to leap off the trampoline but stumbled, and stumbled again on the slippery deck, and smacked his head on a retaining wall. 
Sally lived only a block away. Because Casey was seeing double and his eyes looked slightly dilated, she ran for her uncle, who called a landscaper to take over as lifeguard. Then she walked Casey to her house and made him lie down in the guest room. 
That was all she told me, and Casey wouldn’t speak a word about that day, not to me, or to Nancy, or to Cynthia though she hounded, berated, and threatened. But Sally’s confusion and Casey’s pained silence assured us something mighty dramatic had happened. 
Casey never returned to Carmen Ranch and when Sally showed up at his door with a paycheck, he declined to take it, and sent her away. 
After witnessing that episode, Cynthia phoned our school principal and followed up with a certified letter that threatened a lawsuit. She claimed Sally seduced her innocent son and she blamed the school for harboring a legion of sluts.
For nearly two weeks following the accident, Casey rarely left his bedroom. He skipped baseball practices, and not only missed our first two games, he wouldn’t offer an excuse. Casey simply didn’t lie. 
In the locker room after our second game, an outfielder said he’ d heard that Casey went home from Carmen Ranch with Sally Grimes and probably got laid. 
Then Mike, a backup catcher, said, "Naw, he’d be here bragging. I’ll bet he couldn’t get it up."
I grabbed up my Louisville Slugger and wanted to slam it into Mike’s colossal gut. But a touch of reason tempered my rage, so I only shook my head and glared, first at Mike, then at the others, meaning to send the message that I damned well knew better than to let anybody doubt Casey’s sexual fitness. None of them said a word. By the time I got my street shoes tied, they all were gone. 
On the way home and then for hours, I wondered why I had gotten so enraged. Around midnight, I saw the whole picture: I needed to silence those guys before any of them accused Casey of being gay. And worse, that notion might descend into wisecracks about Casey and me; how we must’ve welcomed living together alone last fall; and those gibes would get spread around school; and some kids were so vicious they might stoop to implicating Nancy, like our telling people that we three read books together was a lie, a cover up for ... 
I cast all that wicked stuff out of my mind and called Casey. The phone only kept on ringing.
He showed up at our next practice, looking like an invalid. 
Over the next couple weeks, he mended.

We won the local and then the state American Legion tournaments and got invited to the regionals in Provo Utah. The Friday we left for the trip, Casey arranged for me and Nancy to meet him at Willy and Denise’s house to watch a movie on TV. He knew the movie from a few years back when Cynthia took him to the theater in the village for his birthday. 
The movie, On the Beach, had something for everybody. Willy loved the sports cars racing on zig-zag roads. Denise and Nancy fell for Gregory Peck like I did for Ava Gardner. All of us liked the theme music, many versions of Waltzing Matilda, but Casey and I got especially moved. On the way to his house, we stopped in a parking and sang it twice with the windows down and people walking past carrying grocery bags to their cars. 
No doubt the movie helped Casey believe in the mission Cynthia charged him with — to postpone the end of the world. But I wouldn’t understand that for years.
The next night, he and Willy and I went driving to find the best place for us to share a bottle of Gallo wine. Willy remembered a part of Balboa Park where he ran in cross country meets. He remembered that from one hilltop you could see the San Diego harbor and the warships docked at North Island.
When we found the starting line, Willy suggested we drink our Gallo then run the course. But Casey convinced us to save the wine for afterward. He made a clap sound like a starter’s gun, and we set off on the hilly course, singing "Once a jolly swagman sat down by a billabong ..."
I was slowest, but I never fell so far behind that I couldn’t hear them singing "Up jumped the swagman ..." and so on. As I crossed the finish line, about a minute behind Willy and half that behind Casey, I sang and wheezed, "Waltzing Matilda, waltzing Matilda, you’ll come a waltzing Matilda with me."
We climbed to the hilltop, sat on a grassy plot, opened the bottle and passed it around. Between gulps we sang.

In Utah for the American Legion tournament, our team stayed in dorms on the Brigham Young University campus. The Provo people appeared bright and kind. Most local maidens were lovely blondes. 
I found the place so congenial and inspiring I suggested we might want to come here for college.
Casey’s shoulders drooped, his eyes lowered, and in a wistful voice, he said, "That would be a dream."
I asked what had gotten him down. He shook his head, stood, and said, "Let's go to dinner." 
Maybe, I thought, he was lamenting that we had recently decided to probably opt for pro ball straight out of high school. 
That tournament in Provo was when the pro scouts began letting on we might have the right stuff. Some of them followed us to North Dakota for the national tournament. Others of them went to greener pastures. The prairies and badlands of North Dakota were no match for Utah’s cool mountains.
In Bismarck, we won the first game by four and the second by one then we lost by two to a team from Honolulu. Afterward a Dodger scout came over to commiserate. "Those Hawaiians are huge," he said. "Should’ve pitched you, Otis."
Back home, we took a week break from pitching practice and faced off in a wiffleball world series in my yard. Home plate was beside the fishpond, the bases were a mulberry tree, an olive tree, and an oak. The outfield fence was the path that led from the front porch to the steps down to the sidewalk. I was the Dodgers, Casey the Yankees. I pitched as Sandy Koufax one game, Don Drysdale the next, against Casey’s Jim Bouton and Whitey Ford. 
As would soon happen in the MLB world series, Casey and his Yankees walked away with the title.  
After each day’s game, we went to Casey’s house, and he played old standards on piano while I followed sheet music and strummed rhythm as best I could with tricky chord changes. 
We hadn’t yet confessed to my mom or Cynthia our decision to accept pro contracts, if any came our way. And my mom gradually increased her subtle nagging about preparing for college with admission tests, applications, and scholarship essays. She believed in education. After all, she had told me dozens of times, our ancestor once served as president of Williams College. Also, three ancestors on Grandma’s side of the family were Harvard grads, and my cousin Wade was about to graduate from MIT. 
And my mom never failed to pass along news articles about the slow but steady progress toward our military getting tangled in the Vietnam mess. More than once she reminded me of my dad’s fate, an Italian bullet in the pitching arm, and added, "At least he lost his dream while fighting for a righteous cause and not while meddling in some civil war nine thousand miles from home between communists and crooks." She didn’t need to remind me but did anyway that "Nobody gets a draft deferment for playing pro baseball."
Besides, she argued to Casey and me, since Congress had recently extended the Social Security benefit for children of the dead or otherwise disabled through age twenty-two, "It will pay you better than the army will, and for reading great books and playing baseball rather than shooting and getting shot at." 
She argued so well, a couple times I suggested to Casey that we revisit our plans and consider college once again. But the suggestion only saddened and silenced him. As did any talk of our playing pro ball. Asking him why only seemed to darken his sadness.
During the last days of summer vacation, Willy and Denise’s dad Big Bob offered us work selling tire repair gadgets. He was a route salesman for Bowes Seal Fast, a company that made goop to stanch automotive wounds, such as leaky main seals and radiators, and elixirs that promised better gas mileage. Our job was to cold-call gas stations and demonstrate a new tire repair gadget that plugged leaks simply by cramming a cord into the leak and cutting the cord at the tread line. To demonstrate, we stabbed holes in the tires of Big Bob’s Thames van then plunged the cord into the resulting leak. We sold a few of the gadgets and spent our lunch hour and usually dinnertime at Vivian’s house. We called the place Vivian’s because, although Big Bob and four of their kids still lived there, she ruled.
Vivian stood well under five feet and yet she could bark or bellow with fearsome intensity. But strangely enough, though she bawled out everyone at the least provocation and acted so domineering Casey nicknamed her Napoleon, we loved her dearly.  
By now, Denise had clearly forgiven my indiscretion of two years past. Every day and evening it seemed we grew closer, especially during the days we sat together watching TV news and trying to guess whether that very night Russian nukes might launch out of Cuba and obliterate Miami or New York City, or maybe us, since San Diego was home to Marines, subs, battleships, and probably plenty nukes of our own. 
During those days, Cynthia demanded that Casey watch the news with her, and he complied. Every morning at school, we would greet each other by singing a few lines from "Waltzing Matilda."
By the time Khrushchev agreed to move his missiles, Denise and I were snuggling on the sofa. Then we started walking the Linthicum High School halls holding hands. And we went to drive-in movies and to candlelit dinner dates at Pompeii Pizza, sometimes alone, other times with Casey and Nancy. Though everyone at our school, even Denise, considered Casey and Nancy a couple, I never even saw them kiss. Once I asked Casey if they used each other to keep others from hitting on them.
With only the trace of a smile, Casey said, "Why would we do that?"
"So you wouldn't need to hurt anybody's feelings."
"Or maybe," he said, "we don't want to hurt each other's feelings. I mean, what if Nancy's more tender than she looks?"
"Is she?"
"Maybe," he said, then turned away.
Christmas, the anniversary of my dad’s moving on, my mom got Nancy and Denise to help prepare a picnic lunch, which we took to the cemetery, in a breezy suburb called Bonita where Grandpa had accepted a half dozen plots in exchange for legal fees the cemetery owed him. He, Grandma, my dad’s mom, and my Aunt Mary, the latest of our family’s deceased, lay there underground beneath the willows. Atop and around the graves, we set out fried chicken, hot dogs, and a veggie tray. Before we ate, I pitched an inning with Casey calling balls and strikes, home plate being my dad’s grave stone. I fanned three batters in twelve pitches, five two seam fast balls, three curves, three screwballs, and a final change up.
Over the spring high school season, both pro and college scouts showed up at our games, sometimes two or three scouts at once. After games, Casey never missed a chance to introduce teammates, usually Harlan or Joe, since they were also football stars, and he would humbly ask the college coaches, wouldn't a two-sport athlete be swell. 
On Easter, my mom treated Casey and me to lunch at the garden cafe in the Village, and as the waitress cleared our plates, my mom said, "Boys, tell me the truth now. Have either of you followed through with the college recruiters."
So we confessed. "Mom," I said, "we're going to try pros. Then college. Later."
My mom only closed her eyes and sat for a few minutes with an expression as grim as the morning after my dad moved on. Then she sat straight, nodded, and gave us her bravest smile. 
Linthicum High went undefeated through the city and county playoffs, and we were readying for the state CIF tournament when the big day arrived.
June 4, 1963, the day of the pro baseball draft, Casey sat with my mom and me in lawn chairs on the balcony outside my bedroom. A portable radio played old time country music, and between Hank Williams, Patsy Kline, and Roy Acuff, the DJ announced the latest MLB draftees. Chloe hovered over the radio, one hand clutching my wrist, the other clutching Casey's. A year and five months after her return from the hospital, she had regained most of her color and weight but couldn't stand as tall or speak with such assurance as before. Her skin was taut, her eyes could still flash, and she still wore bright sun- dresses, yet she looked older than her forty-two years.
In the ninth round, the Chicago Cubs chose Casey. The DJ boasted that Casey was the fourth local draftee. Chloe leapt up, whooping. She hugged us both, and danced us around the balcony, singing "Take me out to the ball game ..." until she gasped, and I took hold of her shoulders and helped her sit down.
The White Sox had picked me late in the seventh round, but we had refused to celebrate until we knew about Casey. Once my mom caught her breath and composure, she asked, "Are you two going to be okay in different organizations?"
If death grabs hold of someone you love and then gives her a reprieve, from then on you treat her more gently. So, I wasn’t going to tell her how badly spooked I got by thoughts of Casey and me going separate ways. 
I said, "No sweat. We’ll both be in Chicago. Maybe they’ll let us be roommates. Anyway, before long we’ll probably get traded to the same team. Right, Casey?""
"Maybe," he said in a manner as wistful as if my idea was about as likely as  the coming of an actual brave new world. 
We all ate oatmeal cookies Chloe had made in anticipation, which she served along with champagne and a few toasts, to the Cubs, the White Sox and us, and one to my dad, after which I caught her tearing up for the first time ever, as far as I knew.
When she saw that we noticed, she said, "This would’ve been the best day of his life." She looked away and wiped her eyes. "Mama’s and Papa’s too." Because my grandpa and grandma were both born and raised in Illinois and met while Grandma studied at the Chicago Art Institute.
After all that, Casey and I drove in the Chevy that used to be my dad's, thirty miles to the cliffs north of La Jolla. We jogged and slid down the cliff trail to Black's Beach, which we had all to ourselves. We bodysurfed until an hour after dark and every few minutes, though in truth the idea of pro ball stirred fits of panic or nausea, I shouted a new prediction about our careers. 
"I'll win thirty games my rookie year.... And you'll bat four hundred with fifty home runs.... And we'll both get traded to the Dodgers and whip the damned Yankees in a four game World Series."
Casey seconded my prophecies. But on the way home, he said, "Maybe we ought to settle for college over pro ball, for now. Because your mom's still weak and Cynthia's going to need me for help and support when they kick her out of the Ambrose." Only days before, she had gone there on her own, on the anniversary of her husband’s plane crash. "Besides," he said, "if we play for State College, we can stick together a few more seasons."
After some moments of acute confusion, I said, "It's worth thinking about, I guess." 
Then Casey said, "Okay, I'd better level with you. There's something I've got to do for Cynthia, let's call it a mission, and it might take me away from everything we're doing, baseball, college, whatever. I'll probably have to go somewhere far away."
"Where?"
"I don't know."
"Mission? What kind?" 
"Family business."
"What kind of business?
"I can't tell you. Cynthia swore me to secrecy."
"Okay, but ... When?" 
"Beats me," he said. "I just need to be ready to go when Cynthia sends me to do it."
"Why, though? I mean, you’re a grown up. Can’t you live your own life?"
"She’s my mother," he said. "Get it."
"Okay," I said, and in truth felt a portion of relief, because giving up pro baseball for now would mean I could stay with my mom, about whose health I still worried. "I could live with this mission stuff if you would tell me what it’s all about."
"Can’t, Otis," he said. "I gave her my word."
"So how about if I go and demand she let me in on it?"
"Be my guest," Casey said.

The next morning found me waiting when a nun shoved open the Saint Ambrose Home heavy front door. She reluctantly ushered me to Cynthia while explaining that the single room down a dark hallway was where they kept the "volatile." 
Cynthia sat tall against the headboard of a twin bed, raking a brush through her hair. Without makeup, she looked like a corpse come back to a half-life. She hid her face with one hand, called the nun a sadist, and dismissed her with a fierce wave.
"Otisss," she commanded, "take me home."
I said, "Well, maybe, if you come clean about this mission that’s got Casey all weird."
She leaned forward and her expression softened into a sly grin. "You’d give a lot to know, wouldn’t you?"
"Nothing," I said. "I wouldn’t give anything, because you’re going to tell me anyway."
"All these years," she said in a scratchy but soft voice, "and you still don’t realize that I know what’s best."
"What’s best for who?"
"Not for who."
"Okay, damn it, for whom?"
"Please don’t mistake me for your silly mother," she said, knowing my mom was the rare English teacher more devoted to grammar than to literature. 
She said, "Not for who, or whom. For what."
I demanded, "So, for what?"
"For the sake of America."
"Ho hum," I said, and suppressed the impulse to simply walk out and deny her any more delight from goading me. Feigning calm, I shifted tactics. "Why do you call me chosen?"
She raised a finger to her lips and knitted her brow. "Chosen? Have I called you chosen?"
"Yep."
"Says who?"
"You’d like to know that, wouldn’t you?"
"Not particularly," she said, and turned away to light a Newport.
I stood a minute groping for a strategy, and when none came, I left and shuffled down the hall with a sickening premonition that Cynthia, who before I had viewed as sometimes frightening, sometimes laughable, often maddening but generally harmless, was, if not a demon, at least a witch of high degree. 
When I told Casey about my visit to Cynthia, he said, "Okay, Otis, I've been thinking ... Cynthia made me swear not to tell anybody what the mission is about, but I didn't swear not to tell who it's about. So, here goes. It's about Henry Tucker, my cousin. See, a few months ago, Cynthia got word that Henry deserted from the Army. He was in Vietnam, a specialist working with chemicals like Agent Orange."
For the past year and some months U.S. aircraft had sprayed such herbicides as Agent Orange over rural areas of South Vietnam to kill vegetation that would offer cover and food for guerrilla forces.
"Deserted?" I said. "And they haven’t caught him."
"I think not. Nobody knows where he went, I think." 
"Cynthia should consult the Akashic Records," I said in jest, but Casey didn’t grasp the humor.
"She’s got other ways of learning stuff. Sometimes people report to her. One of her sources claims Henry deserted soon after the government opened fire on a crowd of Buddhists. The last anybody saw him was during that time when Buddhist monks were setting themselves on fire."
"So, your cousin’s a Buddhist."
"He could be anything," Casey said. 
That night while trying to sleep, I wondered if Henry Tucker might actually be dead. If so, I imagined, maybe Casey wouldn't be going on any damned mission.

At State College, Casey didn't declare a major, but two of his classes were U.S. Government and Contemporary World Politics. 
I majored in English, since Grandma had taught me to love stories and after she and my dad moved on, novels delivered me from spells of the deepest grief. 
Coach Pete Cranford, who managed the college baseball team, considered himself and the school so fortunate to have Casey and me, seventh and ninth round MLB draft picks, he arranged for us a cushy job lounging in the booth of a visitor parking lot, which paid $2.30 per hour, almost twice minimum wage. With that stipend, a scholarship that covered books and tuition, Social Security checks the deaths of our fathers provided, and Grandma’s house free and mostly to ourselves since my mom was a loner who spent evenings grading essays or playing card games with her new friend George the chiropractor, Casey and I lived like princes. We took our meals in the college cafeteria, Palermo’s Pizza on the boulevard, or La Casa Blanca, home of the taco from heaven. When I longed for female company, I called Denise. Though lots of girls we knew would’ve leapt for joy at a call from Casey, he had dated no one since Nancy left for L.A. 
A few weeks after our graduation, Nancy had gotten a call from a drummer we knew who had found studio work with Capitol Records. He invited Nancy to join him in a new rock band. She had such a deep, soulful singing voice and sultry looks, I easily imagined her as a rock star. Besides, she confided to me, she had wearied with Casey’s attitude about romance. She said, "My God, how long can a girl live without us getting naked? You know what I mean? Otis, do you think there’s something wrong with him?"
"Nope," I said, though I could have told her plenty. I knew Casey deeply feared hurting anybody, but especially girls, because he so admired their tender spirits. And I knew his mother had taught him through lectures and behavior what masters of manipulation women could be. Also, I wondered how any man raised by Cynthia Jones could trust anyone of her sex.

Halfway through our semester, while we were watching a closed-circuit TV lecture about B.F. Skinner and behavioral psychology, a guy who reminded me of Dr. Zhivago’s lover’s Bolshevik husband shot President Kennedy. 
At first, when the Skinner lecture got interrupted by a newscast, a stunned silence descended upon our classroom, and maybe upon the whole world. Then wailing commenced and before many minutes, people who didn’t know each other found themselves embracing while they wept in the hallway.
Casey and I drove to La Jolla Shores and sat on the sea wall talking about On the Beach in which atom bombs poisoned the air all around the world, even in Australia, the last refuge. 
Gazing across the Pacific toward Catalina Island, Casey and I sang "Waltzing Matilda." 
Then he said, "Remember Kennedy’s inauguration speech?"
I nodded. "Sort of."
"Remember the last line?"
"Remind me," I said.
"So ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." 
"Yep, that was it," I said. "So, what can we do, I mean to make America better, or at least help keep us and the rest of the world from getting blown into radiated chunks?"
Casey stood, shaking his head, walked to the shoreline and back, then turned and made the same trip again, three times before he sat down again and said, "Baseball? I mean, baseball’s not much but it’s something."
"Sure, but you were thinking something else," I said. 
"Yeah. Just something crazy. Anyway, never mind."

Besides psychology, my English, and Casey’s political classes, we took philosophy and world history, ran and worked out with the baseball ball team, and had already begun spring semester when Cynthia Jones commanded Casey to carry out the mysterious mission he had been dreading, but which she convinced him he couldn’t refuse.
"It's life and death, Otis," he said. 
We were between classes, sitting on a grassy hillside that overlooked Highway 80, the coast-to-coast southern route we would soon be traveling. "I need to take care of my cousin."
"Take care of him?" I said. "The deserter?"
"Otis, if I don't go, maybe something awful will happen, and for sure Cynthia will land in the Ambrose again, and maybe this time they'll send her to a real nuthouse. But you'll make the team without me and win a bunch of games."
I kept still for a while, bereft and furious that Casey would need to disrupt his own life for the sake of mad Cynthia.
"Where is he?"
"Back east, is all she's told me so far."
I pointed to the highway and wondered if the coach would let us red shirt, sit out of sports for the year so that when we returned, we would still be eligible to play four years of college ball. And if we got back home by summer, I reasoned, we could find a team, maybe go to Alaska like some teammates had planned. 
"Are we driving?" I asked.
Casey chuckled and punched my arm. "You just cost me five bucks."
"How's that?"
"I thought you liked college so much you wouldn't want to go. Cynthia bet me you would." 
"Well, I’ll bet you five more that first she’s going to tell me what all this mysterious crap is about."
"Then you might as well pay up now," he said. 
14
Cynthia must have seen me coming. She yelled "Come in!" even before I knocked. I found her enthroned in the recliner beside the piano. She flashed me her version of a coy, seductive smile. "Where’s Casey?" she asked.
"Shopping for a sweater. He said he didn’t want to get in the middle of the fight you and I are going to have."
"Fight?" she cooed. "What would we fight about?"
"Casey’s cousin, your sister Laurel’s son, and ..."
"Don’t you dare speak her name!" she bellowed.
"Okay, then," I said, "let’s deal. I’ll call her nothing but the Bitch after you tell me all you know about this cousin and where he is, and why he needs rescuing."
"Dear Otis," she said sweetly, as her eyes appeared to mist, "you are far too tender to know the whole truth."
"Tender?"
"Naïve. Softhearted."
"Whole truth about what?"
"About anything. All you need to know is that I am depending on Casey and Casey is depending on you."
"Yeah, and what if I say that unless you tell me all about this cousin, Casey can go on his own."
She chuckled, rose off her throne, sidled close and patted my cheek. "Say what you want, but I know you far better than you know yourself."
"Right," I grumbled. "And what do you think you know about me?"
 She reached for my hand but I pulled it away, and she dropped her sweetness act. Her lip rose into a sneer and her voice turned gruff and sour. "You have neither the nerve nor the meanness to let Casey go alone."
"Oh yeah?" I countered.

Coach Cranford, whose face should have sent him to Hollywood, looked as if he would spit fire when we told him we had dropped out. He was one of those coaches, like Coach Matson at Linthicum High School, who depended on his team to build his rep and thereby win him a job at the next level. Cranford had first coached high school junior varsity; some championships earned him a varsity team who carried him to a junior college; that team propelled him to an NCAA Division Three program in Chico, up north, and just last year he had taken over our Division One team. If he lived long enough, he might get picked up by the MLB. But he probably wouldn’t live that long. Even the thought of losing Casey and me turned him almost as purplish as angina used to turn my dad.
He said, "What makes you think you’ll have scholarships waiting next year?"
"We can get by without them," Casey said, and I seconded. In-state tuition was only $25 a semester.
"You know," Coach said, "I had figured on getting you two onto the Sunbirds," which was a barnstorming team of college players who annually spent summer in Canada and Alaska. 
"We’ll probably be back by summer," I said. 
The coach wagged his head. "Nope. Sunbirds only take real gamers."
By the next day he had cooled off, and he gave us the red shirt paperwork, which meant we could sit out the season without losing a year of college sports eligibility.

Casey didn't own a car. My dad’s Chevy, which Mom gave me when she bought George the chiropractor’s VW, had a slippery transmission. But our friend Frank, who graduated a year before us and went to work as an apprentice plumber, was aching for a road trip and offered to drive us in a beat up '48 Chevy he had recently bought for $20.
Casey named the car after a character in "The Second Coming", a W.B. Yeats poem I read in English class and passed along to him. The poem moved Casey so, he read it at least a dozen times and considered it prophecy; about civilization falling apart, the end of a cycle that began with Christ, and new age ruled by some rough beast that was slouching toward Bethlehem to be born. Casey named our car Rough Beast. 
The tires were bald, so Frank pulled over alongside the fence of a wrecking yard in which he had seen an old Chevy. He fetched wire-cutters and a lug wrench, cut a hole in the fence, relieved the old car of its two driver’s side tires, and shoved one of them through the fence and into our trunk before two Dobermans came charging and woofing. As we sped away, Frank hooted and said "Look at those dumb mutts, won’t go through the hole in the fence."
Casey said, "Let’s don’t steal anymore."
"Sure," Frank said. "Only if we need to. These sixteen-inch wheels are rare."
"We could’ve bought it."
"If we had lots of money," Frank argued. "I don’t. Do you?"
We drove all night, taking turns, only stopping when, in Gila Bend, our left front tire blew, and we replaced it with the stolen one. 
Soon after sunrise, in Tucson, we stopped at a diner. Frank told us to go on in, take our time, and bring him coffee. He said he would wait in the car, but as we took our seats at the counter, we heard ia motor and turned and watched the Rough Beast pull away. We ate the budget special, two eggs and hashed browns, and wondered out loud if Frank had left us behind. I imagined him amusing a gang of plumbers with his story about leaving two chumps stranded in the desert. Casey assured me he would come back. 
When he pulled up outside, he tooted the horn. As soon as we climbed in, he sped off like a drag racer. "Keep an eye out for cops," he said, and boasted that he had gotten two more tires, this time from a car lot, but as he was pulling away, a guy who looked like the owner drove onto the lot from an alley.  
Casey said, "No more, please."
"Sure," Frank said. "Not unless another two of those baldies blows. I mean, it’s not safe to drive without a spare."

Since Casey grew up somewhat Catholic, he knew all about Lent, which meant he also knew the dates for Mardi Gras. He suggested our first stop should be New Orleans. 
The city was like a tidal wave of music through which legions of mostly young folks staggered. Eighteen-year-olds could legally drink, so we each had a cocktail with our gumbo, followed by beignets, aperitifs, Dixieland, bebop, zydeco, and two pints of Jim Beam with which we spiked our ginger ale orders. After all that, we slept in our car beside a park a couple miles from the French Quarter, beyond the eerie cemetery Grandma, as a little girl, had wandered until a wailing ghost swooped down and chased her away. 
For food and spending money, Casey and I foraged for soda bottles and redeemed them. With my share, I bought just enough of the cheapest on-tap beer, so the proprietor of a smaller Bourbon Street bar decorated with fishing nets and hooks and oil paintings of sailing ships allowed me to loiter. From my stool, I admired a certain barmaid whose downcast and timid expression I took to imply she’d been hurt badly and knew how it felt so she would be nice to everybody and try not to make anybody else feel that way.
Denise and I had never stopped dating or dated anyone else since our first kiss. Still, now and then my eyes and my heart wandered, and something about this barmaid, maybe the sad but courageous look of her eyes or the way she leaned toward customers as they spoke, left me as smitten as Don Quixote over his Dulcinea or Emily Bronte’s Heathcliff over his Catherine, people Grandma told stories about. I wondered if the reason I had come on this mission, and come to New Orleans, and happened upon this saloon, and maybe the reason New Orleans let eighteen-year-olds drink, was all about bringing this barmaid and me together. She looked about three months pregnant, but that only ratcheted up my passion. I dreamed she could leave behind the sorrow of getting ditched by the creep who knocked her up. I meant to love her baby like my own and to care for them both, at least until the end of the world.
But on the third evening, not long after she had sat with me and chatted in a dovelike voice about strange and outrageous visitors to the bar, a guy with several voodoo tattoos came for her. As she walked out with him, she waved goodbye to me.
So that night and the next I wandered the French quarter feeling gawked at or dismissed by drunken Midwestern and Southern college kids. 
Meanwhile, Casey hung out at a jazz club where older black fellows played ragtime, bebop, and blues, and Frank ran around stealing tips from outdoor restaurant tables and out of the hats of street musicians, until at last he got nabbed by horseback cops who shooed him into a paddy wagon with about a dozen other drunken offenders. After the cops hustled off on foot to break up a fist fight, Frank picked the lock on the wagon gate. He not only freed the whole wagon load, but he also unhitched the horses’ reins from a post and gave them each a slap that sent them loping into the crowd. 
By the end of Mardi Gras, at midnight, while we were entering the rundown neighborhood between the French Quarter and our car, a policeman warned us not to go that way. On this night every year, he assured us, coloreds roamed the streets hunting for white folks to butcher. 
Having witnessed the men, women, and colored restrooms, the white and colored drinking fountains, and the diners where black folks did the cooking and cleaning for less than a quarter of minimum wage, I thought, who could blame them for butchering us white people? Still, even though life felt cruel and pointless without my Dulcinea, I wasn't ready to die. But Frank declared that with three of us together, we could probably survive. 
A few blocks into the neighborhood, an old fellow stepped out a shadow and offered us each a slug of his vin rose. By the time we four had killed the bottle, a crowd of neighbors surrounded us, and the biggest, darkest man among them invited us to a house party. 
Upstairs in a wooden building probably older than Grandma’s house and where every step creaked, Casey and a gorgeous dark bronze lady in bright green took turns playing the piano. While Casey played, she sat beside me on a springy sofa and admired and later petted my white cheeks and soft hair. 
The graciousness of everyone at that party made me remember one of Cynthia’s favorite lectures. A half dozen times she had told me that the world isn’t divided into Christians and Jews, black and white, men and women. All that really divided us was: some of us were people of good will and others were decidedly mean.
15
Casey insisted we drive across Lake Pontchartrain on the Causeway because it was the world’s longest bridge over fresh water. Halfway across, Frank's old Chevy began to clunk, and by the Mississippi state line it also took up whining. Still, we made Gulfport before our rough beast whimpered its last. 
Frank phoned home, got some money wired, and bought a plane ticket, hoping to save himself from dismissal by the apprentice plumber program. 
After Frank caught a taxi to the airport, I said, "Whew, I’m glad it’s just us. Frank makes me nervous with his stealing and all." But even after a thousand miles and ten days of Frank’s shenanigans, Casey didn’t have a critical word to offer.
So far, the only instruction Cynthia had given was "Go east." Now, after a phone call from Casey, she went to the Piedras Greyhound station and bought us tickets from Gulfport to New York City. 
I said, "She could’ve told us Northeast and still kept up her mystery routine."
"But then we would’ve missed New Orleans." 
"Okay," I said. "So, what's in New York City?"
"My cousin, I think."

On the bus for a day and some hours, we caught up on sleep, read Kerouac's On the Road and Franz Kafka stories, and discussed the upcoming baseball season. Casey's White Sox with Minnie Minoso and Hoyt Wilhelm looked like contenders. My Cubs had Lou Brock and Ernie Banks but such second-rate pitching, Casey said I might have gotten moved up through the minors in a hurry. 
We also admired the snowy landscapes so foreign to Southern California boys, and talked about Vietnam news, such as Senator Mansfield's telling reporters that the recent coup would probably be only one of many, as military leaders would keep jockeying for U.S. money; and about the coup's leader requesting more U.S. military advisors. All of which meant our draft boards would get busy. Editorial writers believed that deferments for married guys wouldn't last through the year. Most occupational deferments were already gone, as well as those for graduate students. 
We saved our money by subsisting on a loaf of doughy wheat bread and a jar of apple butter. When we arrived in New York, at the Port Authority Bus Terminal, I had a few dollars. Casey had several dollars and some quarters. 
From our first step off the bus, New York astonished us as if we had landed from another world. We wished we knew more about physics so we would understand why multi-story parking garages didn’t collapse under all those thousands of tons. As we hiked through Hell’s Kitchen, we got treated to at least a hundred competing odors. In the first mile, we passed dozens of guys we suspected would gladly pick our pockets or knock us down and steal Casey’s suitcase and my rucksack, or knife us just to check if their blade was sharp. And in Times Square, we got propositioned so often, and by such an array of genders and costumes, I told Casey the place made Tijuana seem like a Methodist picnic. 
That night and a couple more, we dozed on benches in Grand Central Station, taking our cue from winos and other homeless brothers. Each time we got rousted by the security cops, we roamed the station until the cops left and we could doze until they came back and rousted us again.
At a different hour each day or night, Casey led me to a three-story brownstone on Christopher Street in Greenwich Village, in a pleasant neighborhood with clean sidewalks and flower boxes. Casey always knocked at a second-floor apartment where Cynthia had assured him his cousin lived. No one ever answered the door. 
When our money ran out and still the cousin hadn't shown, Casey phoned Cynthia. He said, "He's gone. We're coming home."
Casey held the phone away from his ear, so I heard, "Don't you dare leave. I told you he's there!"
The next two days, we trudged around looking for jobs in diners, bookstores, and groceries. Whenever a Help Wanted sign appeared at a labor pool or garment factory and we inquired, the bosses laughed, because we weren't Puerto Rican, which meant they knew we wouldn't toil for long for fifty cents an hour, less than half the minimum wage and only twice what the black folks who worked New Orleans kitchens earned.
A gray-bearded fellow in a tattered overcoat sat shivering on the steps to a brownstone in Chelsea. He motioned us over and asked us to please buy the rusty snow shovel lying next to him. Casey gave him our last two dollars, then for several days we earned dimes and quarters shoveling snow from the side-walks in front of small shops. 
About three weeks after we landed in New York, I got ornery. "Maybe this cousin of yours will never show up," I said. "I'm going home, unless Cynthia or some-damn-body tells me what you're supposed to rescue this guy from." 
"Just hold on a few more days?" Casey asked, and he beamed with relief when I relented.
The next morning, as we approached the Christopher Street apartment, a man in a tweed coat and corduroy trousers rushed out of the building. He stopped and clutched the iron railing and descended the few steps then dashed away up the sidewalk. Casey grabbed my arm. "That's Henry."
The man ducked into a subway hole. 
We hurdled turnstiles, lost the man on the crowded train, but spotted him on the Wall Street platform. We chased him through the shadows of the financial district between tombstone gray buildings until we caught up, near the docks among people shouting in loud and brazen accents and amidst the smells of fish and rotting produce.
In New York, in those days, most lunatics were Cynthia’s age or older. Winos drooled and couldn't find their chins to wipe them. Orators disguised as Father Time or Uncle Sam raved about Lyndon Johnson, Vietnam, and Armageddon. A few lunatics were younger, blabbering schizophrenics and the like. But this cousin was different from those. 
Arms stiff at his sides, he stood backed against a wall. In his twenty-sixth year, he looked ten years older. He was tall and statuesque as Hercules gone berserk with grief. His skin was clay brown, his eyes the same turquoise as Casey's and Cynthia's, his jaw square like Superman's and Casey's, unshaven with a few days’ beard, and his hair slimy so that in places it shone golden while elsewhere it looked like fish bait. His tweed coat was soiled and torn at one elbow, his corduroys ripped at the knees. He carried a TWA flight bag.
He slashed the bag at me, but Casey deflected the blow. The cousin jumped sideways, and his feet tangled, so he fell and conked his head on the wall, sharply enough to knock out most anybody, yet he sat rubbing his eyes. Casey knelt beside him. With his lips flattened and his eyes darting, Casey said, "Get lost, Otis, please. Look, he's scared of you, so disappear?"
"Why's he scared of me?"
I knew Casey mighty well, and he clearly knew the answer, but he only wagged his head and told me again, "Please, get lost. Hurry."
I walked around a corner and sat on the curb through a few agitated minutes. When I got up and peeked around the corner, Casey and his cousin were gone. 
If anyone else had disappeared like that, I would have thought myself betrayed. But I believed in Casey, probably more than the Pope believed in God. 
Bewildered, I double-timed up and across Manhattan searching like the father of a lost child, pestering strangers with pleas and descriptions, all the way to 42nd Street and Grand Central where I checked the locker we used and discovered Casey's suitcase and bedroll untouched.
I phoned Cynthia collect. She gladly accepted, and I demanded, "What's the deal with this cousin?"
"You found him?" she crowed. "Thank God! I have hardly gotten out of bed for three weeks, since I knew the battle was on. The Bitch feels it too. Her goons are watching my house. Can I run out and tell them it's over?"
"How do I know? Get this straight, Cynthia, I'm pissed."
"Yes, but how's Casey?"
"Gone, I tell you."
"What? Gone. Not dead, oh sweet Jesus. Gone where?"
"How do I know?"
"Then where is the Enemy?" she howled.
"Casey's cousin?"
She demanded, "Where is he?"
"Disappeared."
"Are they together?"
"How should I know? Now hear this, Cynthia — tell me what this means. I'm pissed! Understand?"
She wailed "Ohhh," so long it sounded like a prayer. Then she wracked a cough and hung up.
I went to the locker and pulled out Casey's luggage, an ancient canvas suitcase. Just maybe, I thought, I could find a clue that would lead me to him. What I found instead, in the very corner of the suitcase and wrapped in two pair of boxer shorts, was a loaded pistol. 
All I knew about firearms was from television and some novels, and no doubt most of that was wrong. The pistol was small with a short barrel and the name Schmidt etched into the grip. I crammed it back into the suitcase, the suitcase into the locker, and scrammed. 
One of my last dimes, I spent on another collect call. "I'm still pissed, Cynthia," I said, "so don't mess with me, just tell me, without any gibberish, why did Casey have a gun?"
She sounded so calm, I wondered at first if the speaker was really Cynthia. Maybe the Bitch had killed her or tapped her phone. Or, more likely, Cynthia had doubled or tripled her medications. She said, "The gun is for you, Otis. Casey's no killer." 
"So, why me? I'm no killer."
"Of course you are. Why do you think Casey brought you along on the mission?" She cackled and hung up.
While I reached into my pocket for another of my last few dimes, I decided that from that point on, I would regard every word from Cynthia as a simple lie or delusion and pay it no mind.
Alone and penniless, living on pretzels snatched from saloons and bruised oranges from dumpsters, I staked out the locker where Casey's suitcase remained, or I watched the apartment on Christopher Street. Three sleepless nights passed before I realized that Casey must be even more loyal to his cousin than to me.
Then I took the advice of a hobo Casey and I had lunched with in Washington Square Park. I hitched rides to the Lehigh Valley freight yard in New Jersey and snuck myself onto a flatbed beneath a piggy-backed semi-trailer. In grime, rain, and abject misery, I rode all night long and then got harassed and chased by a railroad cop in Gary, Indiana.
16
Tony Minneli and his family had moved from Illinois to Piedras where he attended Linthicum High School until they returned home to Bellwood, a suburb west of Chicago. Tony was more Casey's friend than mine. He taught Casey to walk on his hands and was good at speaking in accents and making faces that often inspired Casey's deepest laugh.
I arrived in Chicago around midnight and walked from the downtown bus station to a nearby coffee shop upstairs from a cellar nightclub. A policeman came and sat at the counter beside me, then a man from the nightclub showed and handed the policeman a fistful of money. In Chicago, crime was a given.
The next day, after Tony’s parents chatted with me for a while then stepped out for the evening, he showed me the shotgun his dad kept loaded in a closet. "Lots of burglars around," Tony said. 
Tony ran with a crowd, which they called a club, that was much like the gangs in West Side Story except I never caught them singing or dancing. The club rented a storefront, next door to the post office, where they held parties and conspired on plans for retaliation against the gangs from other neighborhoods. And I suppose they ran numbers or sold weed or pimped now and then, though Tony didn't care to let me in on their rackets.
Everyone in the club was Italian, except one who had a Polish name. They all dressed sharply. To them, my traveling wardrobe marked me as a hick and slob. When I arrived in jeans, a flannel shirt, and work boots, at a party to which they hadn’t invited girls, yet they still dressed in alligator shoes, polished chino slacks, and silk shirts, at least a few of them took offense.
The Polish fellow began goading me, first about my clothes, then about the beard I had grown on the road, then about what losers were all of us from California. I attempted patience, since I was their guest and because I remembered Tony’s stories that placed him, who had whipped the toughest loudmouth in our high school, in the low range of this crowd’s toughness. But at last, I mouthed a comeback: "Not everybody in California is a loser," I said. "I mean, our pimps and eighth-graders dress just like you guys."
The Polish guy threw a punch that landed square on my jaw. I staggered. He tackled me. I fell and my head whacked the concrete floor. 
Next, many fists were pounding various parts of me. I couldn’t seem to move from the waist up. Maybe one or more of them were holding me down. But I got in a few kicks. Either they landed effectively or Tony or some other kind fellow pulled the Polish guy off me. 
I heaved myself up and made for the door. Outside, with the air and wind chill far below zero, I trudged and slid up the sidewalk the few blocks to Tony’s place. His mom had given me a key. No one was home.
In my previous life, I hadn’t known murderous rage like this, and it felt righteous, as if revenge weren’t only a need but an act of justice without which I could no longer bear to live. As if that Polish louse and I couldn't exist in the same world.
I went straight for the shotgun then marched back down the icy sidewalk promising myself I would only shoot the Polish guy.
A block short of the clubhouse, Tony met me and asked for the gun. After a stubborn minute, I sat on a wall and managed to reason. Soon enough I judged that if I defied Tony, he would run ahead and warn his friends. Unless I shot him first. 
I handed over the shotgun then trudged back to Tony's place and packed, thinking about my nature, and deciding that no matter how peaceful I tried to act, no matter if people accused me of being gentle, Cynthia knew better. 
Given the slightest motive, I was a killer.
17
During the month and a half I was gone, Cynthia left Piedras and returned to where Casey had spent his first seven years. Now she was living in an Ocean Beach cottage near the jetty at the mouth of the San Diego River, in a complex painted so many drab colors it looked camouflaged. Her neighbors were semi-vagrant surfers, hippie families, and deserted Navy wives. Standing sentry in the doorway, she looked as tall as Casey even though she leaned on the cane she had used full-time since her fall from the cliff at La Jolla Cove. 
Her flame orange hair was in curlers. She wore dark blue eye shadow against a chalky face. Her turquoise eyes glowed with a serpentine light. When she smiled, dimples formed, yet her smile was feindish, with crooked lips and her long teeth that gleamed as if newly buffed and polished. 
The day was warm, but the cottage was cold as though fog had seeped in to stay, and the place smelled of seaweed and menthol. 
I squared off against her, determined to attack first. "Where's Casey?" I demanded. 
"Why, Omaha. Didn't you know?"
"Let's set the ground rules, Cynthia. I don't know anything about your family except you think your sister Laurel is a bitch and a Biblical whore and her son Henry is a beast from the sea, and your mother was a realtor who called herself Venus. That's all. Got it?"
"Whatever you say, dear."
"So, what's Casey doing in Omaha?"
"Hiding out."
"From what?"
Cynthia scowled and reached for a crumpled pack of Newport cigarettes. "From the Bitch, of course." She staggered to the kitchen, saying over her shoulder, "Omaha's a stroke of genius. Why would anyone go looking for anyone in Omaha?"
As she hobbled back out, swallowing pills, and gulping water, I asked, "Why did Casey ditch me?"
She looked giddy now, her eyes restless as feathers in a gale. "You were there, you should know. I don't, but my guess is he lost faith in you and decided he needed to do the job for you. And now, because you let him down, Casey's suffering, he may suffer for years, but even I can't help him any longer. He's beyond our help. He's in God's hands." Wrapping her arms around my head, she pressed me to her cheek and breathed hot and heavy on my temple. "Praise the Lord, Otis. The Enemy is dead."
"Casey's cousin? That Enemy? He's dead?"
She drew back, covered her eyes with her hand and sobbed. "You don't have any idea how this hurts me. You can't begin to understand. Nobody has sacrificed like I have."
I grieved a little for the man, figuring he must have dashed into the street and gotten crushed by traffic. "So Casey's mourning because he couldn't save his cousin, but ..." Suddenly I understood and felt deranged as if the volume of my senses had cranked too loud and every noise for miles, from sparrow chirp to ambulance siren, assaulted me. "You're not saying ..."
Cynthia took the rosary beads from a pocket in her muumuu and fingered them. She mumbled, nodded and rolled her head, signaling for me to go on.
"Casey killed ... his cousin?"
She threw aside her cane, closed in and squashed me in a hug. Into my ear, she bleated, "We're free at last."
I shoved her away, paced between the stacks of library books, and tried to assimilate the lunatic's weird and terrible claim. 
Frantically twirling her rosary beads, she said, "Don't worry, it's over now. America will survive at least another seven hundred years. Think of all the billions of lives Casey saved, and you should be proud. You helped save all those people. You stood beside my son and played the decoy — the Enemy thought you were the killer, so he never suspected Casey."
My sputtering brain hardly processed her words. "Huh?"
She sighed, nodded, and spoke as though reading to a preschooler. "Pay attention now. I won't repeat this." She peered out one window then another until assured no spies were watching. "In the beginning, Wormwood was Venus's lover. But the Bitch seduced him. Seduced her own mother's lover. And that's only a taste of her perfidy. Well, she conceived, and Wormwood convinced her their son was going to become the Warrior King, the heir of King David, through the lineage of Jesus Christ, after sixty-six generations."
"Christ," I muttered.
"Yes, that Christ. I know, you're asking how Jesus, a celibate, got a lineage."
"I'm not asking anything," I muttered. 
"Well, of course he didn't. Don't you see, heretics must deny the divinity of our savior?"
She waited for a response. I only groaned. 
"Wormwood's blasphemous claim was that Jesus travelled east after his resurrection, to preach his gospel and take a Himalayan wife for the very purpose that sixty-six generations later, around 2000 years, at thirty years average per generation, the Warrior King would arrive. Hence, six-six, the number of the Beast. Do you follow?"
I nodded, beginning to let her madness hook me the way fairy tales do. 
"If you had read the Bible, you would ask, 'But aren't there three sixes in the Beast's number. Well, to the ancients, any collection of sixes meant one number short of perfection. Perfection minus the soul. The formula for creating a Beast." 
"Yeah?" I said. "Well why would Christ want his lineage to create a Beast?"
"Of course he wouldn't, Otissss. Think about it. This is Wormwood's story, and Wormwood is the father of lies."
"Okay, back up. Wormwood is a man, or a demon of some kind?"
"A man," she snarled. "And a demon. From India. And that's all you need to know."
While she hobbled to the bathroom, I kicked a stack of library books, scattering them all around. Then I walked outside and ran to the beach, hurdled the sea wall, and scuffed across the sand toward the jetty where Casey used to fish as a boy. I pictured him there, at the lip of the jetty, kneeling on a rock the waves broke around, brooding over Cynthia's mad claims. 
I thought, no wonder I never once heard him belittle or even criticize anybody. He knew all along he might either grow up to be a murderer, or worse, a guy who lured his best friend into committing murder. From childhood, he saw what I didn't learn until last month in Chicago, the truth about what evil he could do. Knowing he was, like me, a born killer, he wouldn't let himself be a hypocrite too. 
I understood how Cynthia had convinced him, over eighteen years, to kill or conspire to murder his cousin. She must have confided in him, lavished him with rough hugs and showers of kisses, and taught him that as the man of the house, he was her protector. Then, no doubt, she preached about his special destiny and brainwashed him the way monarchs and politicians raise future kings and presidents, so that his self-concept became integrated with his prophesied destiny. He was special because he had a mission. Without the mission he would be nobody except another of what Cynthia called the "little people."
On the way back to Cynthia's cottage I decided Casey must have truly killed his cousin. I couldn't think of another reason why my best friend ever, who for nine years had so often called me brother, would vanish and not send word. 
The lunatic stood waiting in her doorway. 
"What's Casey's number in Omaha?" I demanded.
"Never mind, and don't tell a soul where he is. When he wants you, if he ever does, he'll call or write or come home. Anywaaaay, the Bitch has her eye on you. If you called him she'd trace it and learn where he is." 
"No! See, I'll rip through your address book until I find something in Omaha."
"You wouldn't find a thing."
I shoved past her and went to the kitchen drawer beneath her telephone. Opening it caused an explosion of grocery coupons. I yanked the drawer out of its base, carried it into the living room and pitched it at the wall, at the blown up and framed photo taken in our high school locker room, of Casey grinning, dressed in nothing but a jock strap.
Cynthia flopped into the wing-back chair and stared at the photo as though at a crucifix. 
"You know, Otis, if you really want to see Casey, you can bring him home. All you need to do is kill the Bitch."

END OF BOOK ONE


A Request from Hickey & McGee:

We certainly hope you have enjoyed Supermen, and that you might consider writing a few nice words about the book and posting somewhere online. These days, reader reviews can make the difference between authors wracking their brains and hearts for little to nothing and being able to afford a trip to the desert for a little refreshing solitude. Honestly, a writer's creativity and quality of life may well be in your hands. 

In case you’re not in the habit of posting reviews and the effort seems in any way uncomfortable, here’s a nifty, helpful resource.

Please continue to Book 2 of FOR AMERICA: THIS ROUGH BEAST
or for a preview, turn to the next page.

FOR AMERICA, BOOK 2 – THIS ROUGH BEAST

1
From Editor Clifford Hickey: 
Had I realized soon enough that my friend Otis even knew Cynthia Jones, I would surely have insisted he hear my dad’s stories about her. Maybe then he could have convinced Casey, Cynthia’s son and Otis’ best friend, that she was by no means only a harmless lunatic. Then maybe Casey would not have run off with his cousin, whom Cynthia called the Enemy, leaving Otis to mourn again.
He had already mourned over his dad's death, then over the death of his beloved grandma, and also over the plight of his mom whose illness stole away much of her mothering willpower. Now he had lost Casey.
Or, what they didn’t know about Cynthia was perhaps better left untold. Because if Otis and Casey had simply gone to pro baseball as it appeared they were destined to, our country might be doomed. 
A couple things thing life has taught me
One: the future cannot be calculated using simple equations. 
Two: jjust because someone -- such as Cynthia Jones -- is crazy, doesn’t mean she is wrong. 

From Otis: 
"Vietnam is a stupid war," my girlfriend Denise said. "This domino theory is phooey. The war is all about business, Mister Phipps says." Phipps, once my Civics teacher, was now hers. 
My mom, as the widow of a WW II vet, declined to belittle the government’s ways, but she clearly was no fan of my risking my pitching arm in a war like my dad had risked and lost his. She said, "Otis, you enrolled at the college and they waived your tuition, and paid for your books, and gave you a cushy job, and I think you owe them at least one season of pitching. After that, who knows?"
Denise’s brother, my friend Willy, joined us one evening and pointed out that the survivor benefit I had gotten monthly from Social Security last fall, my one college semester before I dropped out, was forty dollars more than the U.S. Army paid privates. Denise, Willy, and Chloe, my mom, stared at me until at last I gave up and asked, "Besides, with me gone to war, who would fix up this rickety house?"
"Not I," Willy said. "I’m no handyman."
My mom rolled her eyes and made the overwrought face she had developed and practiced over her months in the hospital with spinal meningitis. "And it’s too much for me."
The next day, I not only re-enrolled at State College but found Coach Cranford in his office and humbly requested he take me back onto his ball team. 
"Where’s Casey?" he demanded.
I sighed and waited through one of the spells of angry petulance that befell me whenever Casey got mentioned. "I wish I knew. Somewhere in the Midwest, according to his crazy mother."
"Crazy, you say."
I nodded. "I don’t think he’ll be back."
"Another school take him?"
"Nope. I’m pretty sure of that."
"Then he’ll get drafted. Not baseball. Army."
"Yep."
"Damn fool."
Even after I dropped out of college after one semester and followed Casey on a secret mission his lunatic mother assigned, and even though he ran off with his fugitive cousin and left me all alone and clueless in New York City, I couldn’t help but defend him. So I shook my head and declared, "He’s no fool."  
Coach heaved himself up and opened the locker room door. ""Pick out a locker. You’ll have to buy your own damned padlock."

Denise counted sixteen coffee houses within a mile of the college. Running a coffee house was a business for folks of the beat or hippie persuasion who usually hadn’t much money. Because they served only coffee, cider, and simple pastries like brownies, they didn’t need any liquor or full-service restaurant license.
The coffee houses gave high school and college kids cheap hangouts, and on nights when an establishment asked a cover charge in order to pay performers, the charge wasn’t much, because plenty of fine musicians favored Southern California and didn't expect to get wealthy. 
We got treated to Lightnin’ Hopkins, Linda Ronstadt, Big Mama Thornton, Hoyt Axton, Steve Martin on banjo, and Ramblin' Jack Eliot. 
Even the places that couldn’t afford name musicians survived by holding open mike nights or playing records, or by depending upon studious kids who sat poring over books, chess players, and people who wanted to talk or rant about the war and civil rights. While the kids who preferred booze and loud parties joined frats and sororities, Denise and I and sometimes Willy spent two or three evenings a week at the Upper Cellar, the Blind Alley, and the Candy Company, which was run by our friend Fred and his brother Cliff. At the Candy Company, Mr. Phipps the civics teacher hung out with Quakers who ran a draft-counseling service, Phoenix assured us, was knowing what to fight for and then fighting for it with all we had to give.


Keep reading THIS ROUGH BEAST
Also by Ken Kuhlken

the Hickey Family crime novels, 
"Tom Hickey is one of detective fiction’s most original and intriguing creations."  San Francisco Chronicle​

Newport Ave
"... riveting classic noir, teeming with suspense arising from questions we all face: how loyal are we; how willing to sacrifice; how deep is our love." novelist Gayle Lynds

Reading Brother Lawrence
 Join the author on a road trip to the Kingdom of Heaven.

Writing and the Spirit 
Who needs inspiration? Everybody. Here's where and how to find it. An essential guide for artists.


Coming in 2022

Damned Hot 
An entrepreneur who may also be a murderer returns to his desert hometown during a hellish summer determined to win his childhood sweetheart away from her police chief husband.  

Nobody Dies
Skip’s father, a Hollywood stunt man, has fallen too far and too hard. His mother is probably crazy. And now he needs to solve a murder.

About Ken 

Some of his favorites are early mornings, the desert in spring, kind and honest people, baseball, golf, martial arts, and other sports played by those who don’t take themselves too seriously, most kids, and films he and his Zoë can enjoy together. He reads classic novels, philosophy, theology, and all sorts of mysteries.   

He has long been the author of novels, stories, poems, magazine features, and essays. Lots of honors have come his way, including a National Endowment for the Arts Literature Fellowship; Poets, Essayists and Novelist’s Ernest Hemingway Award; Private Eye Writers of America Best First Novel and Shamus Best Novel; and several San Diego and Los Angeles Book Awards.  
 
To reach him, go to kenkuhlken.net or join him at: 
less is More, a more or less monthly newsletter 
Facebook 
Twitter 
Goodreads
BookBub
