   

A Daughter’s Fury
BY: Raelyn Taylor



By Raelyn Taylor
Copyright 2017 Raelyn Taylor
Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  Thank you for your support.

Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Epilogue
About Me
Contact
Other Books


 Part One






“The woods are lovely, dark, and deep,
 But I have promises to keep,
 And miles to go before I sleep,
And miles to go before I sleep.”
- Robert Frost



   





Chapter One 
Fort Worth, TX
Living on the run is not as exciting nor as romantic as Hollywood may lead us to believe. The truth of living on the run is that it sucks. It consists of; three outfits, two pair of shoes, crappy food, bed bug infested motel rooms, daily nightmares, and of course, the constant neck cramp from looking over my shoulder every five minutes.
Why would a seventeen-year-old be living like this some may ask. Well remember, curiosity killed the cat. 
Another fun fact of living on the run is that it warps the mind. Specifically, the part that trusts people. Take for example, if someone were to drop into the seat across from me, as someone was now. A “normal” person would not have the same response that I do. A “normal” person would be polite and try to be helpful. The first thing I do before even lifting my gaze is wrapping my hand around the grip of a 9mm suppressed H&K pistol.
Yes, it is illegal for a seventeen-year-old to own and carry a pistol. Did I care? Not in the slightest.
Raising my gaze as I drew the pistol inspecting the man before me. Early to mid-sixties, tall, straight back, proud shoulders, and a well-maintained build. With a headful of snowy white hair, all he was missing was the beard, glasses, belly and he could portray Santa Claus in a few months. With a quick analysis I determined that while he was past his prime he could inflict damage in a physical fight. His sharp eyes spoke of keen intelligence, that in of its self could destroy me. 
His eyes flickered over me taking assessment such as I had. I wonder what he sees when he looks at me with those discerning eyes and razor-sharp mind? 
“I hope you don’t mind if I sit and rest for a moment or two. These old knees don’t hold up as well as they once did.” He gave a kind smile, the smile that would make anyone trust him. Except for me.
I shook my head. “Not a problem, I was actually just leaving.” I glanced around the small but cozy dining area for the deli of the country grocery store. Half the seating was occupied, operational security cameras with overlapping coverage. These surroundings were not optimal if I had to defend myself. Any such action would draw unwanted attention to me, attention I could not afford. I stayed seated, waiting.
The man gave up the pretense of rubbing his knees. “I’ll cut straight to the chase. I can help with your problem. Specifically, your monster problem. Now don’t give me that look.” He scolds. “You’re well aware of what I speak of. I can help with that. There is a place where you will be safe.” He stands and drops a card on the table. He gave a small smile before walking away.
Images flash through my mind. Claws, fur, teeth, unreal speed and strength. Things that came out of nowhere and fought like the devil. I closed off the memories. Eyeing the card as though it was a viper I continued on with my meal. When the last of the tomato soup, grilled cheese sandwich, and herb salad had been consumed I stood. With a snap decision I pocketed the card walking out of the country grocery into the gleaming sun. Crossing the street, I entered a park full of Caddo, Bigtooth Maples and Canby Oaks. The leaves were evolving into stunning orange, reds, and yellows with the mid-October chill. 
I had rented a cramped studio apartment across from the park. The view and access to good food made up for the tiny living space. However, with one back pack filled with my possessions I did technically have enough space. Yet, spend enough time surrounded by four walls and only a small amount of space to work out, it did nasty things to even the sanest of minds. 
In the past month and a half since I had relocated here for hunting, I had been fine until a week and a half ago. During that first month I had only been at the apartment to catch my usual two or three hours of sleep before heading out again. Then my leads ran cold and I had nothing to occupy my time. So, I had taken to running in the morning, afternoon, and evening, and sometimes in the dead of night as well.
It was time to move on from this city. It contained no answers for me. After seventeen months of searching for anything and coming up with nothing over and over again. This is when I should start to question my sanity.
Insanity: (noun)- doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. 
Yes, that qualified. Something had to change. The man from the store popped into my mind. 
He did say he could help, I thought. While I did not trust the word of a stranger I was near about desperate. Pulling the card from my pocket I read the writing. 
ιερό των ηρώων
Great! Greek, a language I cannot speak nor read. I knew it. It was some type of weird prank. I shook my head in disgust. Stupid of me for even considering a stranger magically appearing in the nick-
Pain overwhelmed my mind, a heavy blanket of black smothered my senses, closing my mind. Remaining conscious long enough to feel the jarring impact with the ground. I lost my grip on reality and everything went black. 
*			*			*
Embers of light penetrated the darkness. Thousands of needles pricked my mind forcing it from blessed darkness. A place of nothing like the black hole’s scientist spoke of. A place of eternal dark and cold. The pain was excruciating; unlike any physical ailment I had ever faced. That in of its self was saying a lot. The light got brighter and brighter as the pain climaxed. I grasped and pulled the darkness closer and closer as it surged further away from me. I surrendered the fight and awakened. 
Prying my eyes open I winced at the vivid sunlight streaming through a window. Where am I? I groaned turning on my side. Soft comfort embraced my hip, ribs, and shoulder. Soft. Why was I on something soft? Last thing I remembered was the park. Followed by suddenly collapsing on a concrete sidewalk. How? 
I examined my surroundings. I was in a bedroom. A desk across from the bed on the right of the door and a dresser across from the foot of the bed. I sat up with my eyes closed hoping to diminish the pain. Once the waves of dizziness and nausea subsided I opened my eyes. The blanket that was pulled to my chin pooled in my lap revealing I was still fully clothed. That was a relief. Although I wasn’t wearing my jacket. My shoulder holster was missing as well. With a quick rotation of my ankles I knew my knives were missing from my there as well. 
Gingerly standing I checked for my things. My pack was at the end of the bed with my jacket folded on top and my boots were on the side. With a quick inspection of the contents, I found all my weapons missing. Whoever disarmed me was efficient however they missed one tiny slasher tucked away where most men would never thing to check. 
Testing the door, the knob easily turned opening up to a hall away. I padded across the wooden flooring. Bypassing a door and a closet on the left. Photographs lined up on the right wall. Several dozens of them clustered together. They seemed to be ordered by year, oldest to present day. From black and white, maybe the thirties or forties judging by the clothing and hair. 	
The hallway opened up into a great room. Split into a living area on the left and kitchen on the right. The front door was more to the left opening to the living area. On the far end of the kitchen was a breakfast nook set up against bay windows. 
Seated at the breakfast nook was the elderly man from the store. Eyes narrowing, I thought back to my last memory. I was walking in the park when I passed out. He was either taking a leisurely stroll or he was following me. 
“You’re awake, just in time for breakfast. Come sit, eat.” He directed from his seat. Two plates heaped with eggs, bacon, and toast laid on the table. Warily I moved closer, taking a seat. Waiting. He took a sip of coffee and flipped a newspapers page before raising a white bushy eyebrow at me. 
“I’m not going to poison you if that’s your concern.”
“Sorry but I’m not accustomed to taking food from strangers after waking up in their house.” I remarked.
His lips pursed and nodded “I see your point. I am Don Jones. I brought you here yesterday after you collapsed. Please eat, it will help with the headache.”
“Nothing you have said has reassured me.” My blood heated, muscles coiled and ready to go. I forced myself to relax, loosening my muscles and deepening my breathing. “Why have you brought me here? Anyone else would have called an ambulance.”
Don’s forehead furrowed. “I will explain. After you eat” That remark didn’t sound like it was a command but with the underlying strength it was. 
Watching him I took a hesitant bite. Nothing but lightly salted and peppered eggs. I continued to eat, enjoying the taste and comfort of homemade food. I stayed alert for unusual and suspicious flavors. As I continued eating the headache began to dissipate until it was merely an unsavory memory. I polished off the plate and drained the orange juice.
“Let’s not beat around the bush. What do you want from me? Before you try and deny it though let’s go over the facts. You initially approached me and left contact information. Within the hour I pass out without any apparent reason. About seventeen hours later, I’m assuming, I wake up in your house, under your control. So, what do you want?” 
“Well I guess I don’t need to ask what you remember from yesterday.” He raised his hands. “To clarify I don’t want anything from you, so much as to help you. In order for this all to make sense we have to go back. You have to discover and understand who you are.”
I sat in silence unable to grasp what he was hinting at. I knew who and what I was. I was my father’s daughter, and now an orphan. I was a ghost in the world, wraiths incarnate. I had no friends, no family, no attachments, I didn’t even have a real name. I was nothing. 
“What do you know of your mother?”
Cold shook ran through my nervous system. My mother. “I’ve never met the woman. All I know is she and my father met in Istanbul. Ten months later she left me in my father’s arms and walked away, never heard or seen from since.”
Eyes heavy with sorrow, he nodded. “Your mother, well she’s not like everyone else. Who- what she is. Well the only way for you to really understand why you’ve never met her and what’s going on in your life is to know who she is. It’s extremely complicated. The thing is, is that you’re not going to believe me. Please hang in here with me.”
“Just say it already old man, before you give yourself a coronary.” Irritation clawing at my nerves. 
“Athena. Your mother is the Greek Goddess Athena.” He blurted
Time suspended momentarily. At first, I thought my ears deceived me, I went back over what he said. I laughed. 
“You had me going there for a minute. That was pretty good. A little out there, but hey can’t blame you for thinking out of the box.”
No amusement laced his face or body posturing. Either he was padded walls worthy crazy or… Thinking back. The past seventeen months I’ve been on the run. Why I’ve been on the run. Maybe just maybe he didn’t belong in a “special hospital”. 
“You do realize you sound insane right?” I ask befuddled. 
“I understand that it sounds crazy. However, it is true you’re the daughter of the Greek Goddess of Wisdom and Crafts. The reason why I approached you is because with your heritage, you’re vulnerable like your ancestors. Perseus, Hercules, and Jason all three of them- Heroes- were plagued by monsters. Hydra, Griffins, Medusa, all of them are real, and unfortunately, they crave the taste of Hero blood. Your blood.
“There’s a place where those like you go. It’s a safe place where you can train and prepare for what it takes to survive in this world as a Hero.”
I had nothing, no one, no place where I belonged, maybe if this place kept mythical monsters away maybe just maybe they could keep way those of the human variety as well. I ran and hid from my demons while hunting and searching with no luck maybe I needed a break. Everyone needed to breathe, to get away from reality if only for a little while. Someplace to hide if only for a day. 
Before I realized it, I was nodding, and had a printed-out bus ticket in my hand. I was to depart this afternoon. As we prepared to head to the bus stop Don went into another room connected through the living room. He came out with a thin but long parcel.
“Before you go, I have something for you. A gift from your mother.” Unwrapping the thick fabric, revealing a sword. Silver and steel with a beautiful owl at the pommel. Intricate metal weaved to form the knuckle guards, as well as the front and rear arm, the loop, and side-ring. The engravings down the blade were exquisite.
“That’s, this is too much. I-I can’t accept such a gift.”
Don briefly chuckled. “Your mother entrusted me with this for the day when you were found. It is for you, and only you.”
“Thank you.” My voice breathless.
“No thanks needed kid. Only doing my job. Now let’s get you to The Sanctuary of the Heroes.” 


Chapter Two
Folsom, WV
Thirty hours later I found myself stepping off of a Grey Hound bus. Twigs of pine and maple leaves crunching under my booted feet. The air was fresh and sweet of Douglas fir and sugar maples that loitered around the small gas station and the buildings of this one street town. I surveyed the parking lot. Don didn’t bother giving me a description of who was going to pick me up. Or the car they were driving. Apparently, I needed to be psychic to find my designated ride or hitchhike.
A tall blonde approximately two years older than I, strode towards me. She was maybe around my 5’ 6” frame, a lean and toned muscular build. Also, similar to myself. Long honey blonde hair bound up in a ponytail, she wore a purple tank top, black cargo pants were tucked into black combat boots. She held were shoulders back, chin held high, arms loose and at her sides. As she approached a strange tingling erupted in my fingertips it almost seemed electrical. She stopped a foot in front of me.
Raising a hand, I accepted and shook the tingling intensified.
Her grip was strong, by the way she held herself she could probably hold her own in a fight. It wasn’t at all surprising. She flipped my palm over and ran a thumb across the raised silver scar running from the base of my thumb to my middle finger. 
“Don was right about you, not that I’m at all surprised.” Unnamed girl cocked her head “I’m Sarah your sister. Half-sister anyway. Come on its getting late and Duke is expecting us.” With a perfectly executed about face she left me with that monstrous revelation. 
Sister. Shit.
Sarah marched to an older model Ford pickup with a faded blue paint job. 
Yanking open the heavy door, flakes of rust fluttered to the ground. I pulled myself into the cab and arranged my pack next to my feet. The cab smelled of wintergreen and something spicy, cinnamon. Sarah cranked the engine it surprisingly turned over easily.
She pulled out of the parking lot and onto the highway. We headed north for a few miles before she turned onto a dirt road with a heading of north-west. 
“Sister?” I ask.
She raised an eyebrow at me. “Yeah, my mom is your mom kind of thing.” She says in an obviously tone. 
My expression of shock remained. 
“I don’t suppose Don warned you about us, did he?”
I shook my head unable to speak, my tongue paralyzed. 
Sarah grimaced. “I’m sorry I would have thought that he would have prepared you beforehand. Duke told him that I was going to pick you up.” Her tone apologetic. “Normally I have some tact. Forgive me?” 
I tried to smile. “It’s fine. I just wasn’t expecting… this. H-how many siblings do we have?” Gone was the girl who was calm, collected, and could talk her way out of anything. Now this stammering fool took her place. I thought with disgust.
“We have six siblings, two girls and four boys. Eight Athenian children in all.”
The variety of crisp green pines and the warm fall colored maples was breath taking. With the rolling hills the trees were layered in waves of emerald, warm orange, sunny yellow, and blood red. The thirty-minute drive was finished in silence. After another turn that reminded me of a driveway and another five minutes we pulled up to a two-story grandeur cabin home. 
The green metal roof reflected the dying daylight, complementing the dark wood of the structure. Sarah pulled up to the side of the house where three other vehicles were parked. Two vans and another newer and bigger Ford pickup. Leaving the keys in the ignition she hopped out. Following suit, I kept a firm grip on my back pack. We went up the steps onto the expansive porch and through the French doors with white muslin's billowing in the smooth breeze. 
As I walked in, the tingling in my fingertips grew stronger and stronger. The fine hair on the back of my neck rose. Straight inside was a blazing fire with comfortable furniture in front of it and on the side. Three male bodies sat huddled on the sofa, locked in an intense discussion. Eyes skimming over them, on the left was a dining table that could easily seat twelve people. A stair case laid beyond that next to a swinging door. There were two people leaning against the wall and on the staircase. They appeared to be around my age. The girl stood with her back to me. She seemed to be around my height, with black hair bound in a French braid that fell straight down her back. The guy stood a head above her with dark brown hair. Strong angular features highlighted by the flames.
On the right of the fireplace was a larger than average door. One of the three men was the first to notice our arrival. He stood abruptly cutting off the conversation. With a headful of dark hair with silver edging he stood at over six feet with proud shoulders and a slim torso. 
“You must me Alexandra. Don informed us that he had located you and that you were on your way. I am happy that you made it here in one piece. We have been looking for you for some time now.” His voice was honey, warm and comforting.
Sarah cleared her throat. The man smiled. “My apologies. I sometimes get ahead of myself. I am Duke, this is Mike, and David.” He gestured to the men as they stood. “Mike is the head of security here; David is the head trainer. I humbly run the place.”
I raised an eyebrow. “This place is? Don wasn’t exactly clear on the details.”
Duke waved his hand in the universal sign of get lost. As Mike and David went up the stairs David- I think- nudged the girl on the stairs, she followed, the guy however moved closer. “Sarah will you go get a plate for Alexandra. I bet after the long journey she is famished.” Sarah nodded walking away, leaving me with two complete strangers. 
My fingers retreated into my sleeve, fingertips tracing the daggers hilt. Call it my own nervous tick, when I allowed myself one. Some situations however, little things like that give you away and can get you killed. This scenario though I had to play it as though I was normal. 
Duke lead me to the dining table but the unnamed teen spoke up. “I would prefer it if she were unarmed. We don’t know her Duke.” The deep voice warns, Duke turned towards him. 
“That street runs both ways, no need to make myself vulnerable to appease you. When you could easily over power me.” I nodded to the sword and dagger strapped to his hips.
“That is enough Jason. Neither of us means the other harm.” Duke spoke firmly. Jason’s back and shoulders relaxed. A wary glint in his eyes.
“Sit and I will explain.” Duke took a seat and I took a place across from him. “This place is a safe house for Heroes, hence the name ‘Sanctuary of the Heroes’. It is a mixture of summer camp, boarding school, and a hotel for the older ones. There are several scattered across the world, but this is the only one in North America. This is a safe house from monsters, they hunt us for pleasure and food. The Sanctuaries are the only places where we’re truly safe from them. 
“You see the monsters can sense us just like we sense each other. That’s what the electric feeling is. The more powerful your God parent is the easier the monsters can find you. For the more powerful kids they stay for school and visit home in the summer. If they can shield themselves well enough and defend themselves. If your parent is a minor, you might be able to do the reverse but it also depends on your home life." He gave me an apologetic look.
"So, what your saying is because my mother is an Olympian and is powerful I have to stay here? I mean no offense, it's beautiful, but I can't stay." I still had hope of getting back to my mission. I just need some time to organize and recuperate.
"Of course, you can leave, anytime you want. Now that you are fully activated you will need training and knowledge to survive the world.”
"What do you mean fully activated?" I ask. Duke glances over my shoulder, gazing out the window for a minute, rubbing his jaw.
"Imagine a lamp with a box around it. The light represents your Godly power, now the more powerful your Godly parent, the brighter the light. The box has small holes in it revealing some of the light. When a hero is activated the box essentially disappears to unveil exactly how powerful you are and your potential. That power is how we sense each other, but it’s also how monsters can sense us. Over time an activated hero can learn to create another box. They can control how much power they leak." He paused allowing the information to sink in.
He laughed suddenly, interrupting the silence. Before I could ask, he explained or he is talking to himself. 
"Strange, Don said he fully activated you. Yet your power levels are minimal of what an Olympian would be, especially for a child of Athena." He stopped short and gave no explanation for his ramblings.
Sarah came back in carrying a plate and a glass of water. She set the plate down. It was laden with several slices of pizza and herb salad. 
“Sarah, will you head to your cabin and prepare Alexandra’s bed please.” With a friendly smile she took her leave. That left Jason and Duke. They watched in silence as I downed my meal in under two minutes. 
“Alexandra, I mentioned before that we have been waiting for you. However, we do not actually know anything about you. Athena alerted us of your existence. She only explained that you were sixteen years of age and that your father was dead. Afterwards we tried to track you down but you essentially never existed. Yet here you sit.”
My defenses raised pulling on my mask I gave a sardonic smile. “Yet here I sit.” 
The concern in his eyes evident, his expression full of comfort and kindness. “What happened to your father? To you?”
I faked a yawn in my hand. I smiled sheepishly “I’m sorry, just so tired.” 
“It is a long journey.” He accepted my not so subtle hint. “Jason please escort Alexandra to the Athenian cabin.” 
I threw my pack over my shoulder as I followed Jason. Whom lead the way out of the cabin and into the brisk evening air. 
Chapter Three
Jason snagged a flashlight on his way out the door. The crisp wind blew cutting through my clothing and braid. Remnants of dusk fell through the sky, a faint trace of pink lingered. Unwilling to say goodnight and wait until a new day approached.  I inhaled the lightly forest scented air. 
With the help of my mini LED we had enough light to watch our steps. After a short hike the path opened up to a clearing larger than the last that has six or seven log cabins formed in a circle. We walked into the circle, made a left, and then stopped at the third cabin. The hardwood door had an owl engraved into it. This was the Athenian cabin. 
"Tomorrow, someone probably Sarah, will show you around the Sanctuary. I know you have a lot of questions and they will all be answered. if not tomorrow then eventually." I looked past him and into the woods.
"Some of my questions can only be answered by one person. That person is gone." I murmur softly, Jason's questions burned in his eyes. I was saved from having to confront some of them when Sarah opened the door.
"Oh good, you’re here!" Sarah opened the door a bit more. Someone inside shouted, "close the door your, letting the warm air out." Sarah ignored them.
I looked to Jason. "Thank you for your help." I walked into the cabin brushing by Sarah.
It took a minute for my exhausted mind to make sense of the room. Particularly the fact that the room I was standing in was at least twice the size of the cabin, the whole cabin I saw outside.
"Ugh is it just me or-" I stammered off, not comprehending what I was seeing. 
Sarah laughed. "Glamour or magic whatever you prefer to call it. Glamour is used as a shield to hide our world from the mortal one." Being so far over my head I just nodded.
The room was furnished in a similar manner to the main house. On my left was a fire place with a fire burning steadily. It was surrounded by soft brown leather furniture and a coffee table. On the right a large table that had papers, books, and blue prints scattered a crossed it in a chaotic fashion. A blonde boy around thirteen scribbled furiously into a composition note book. The wall had built in book shelves stuffed with books, surprise, surprise. There were two hallways leading out of the room on both ends of the room. 
In between them was a mural of Athena in her tunic, helmet, spear, and medusa shield. She stood proudly in the middle of the splintered background. On one side was a bloody battle, the other, a room much like the right filled with books, papers, and inventions. Her hair was a mix of honey golden blonde and ash white. It was free of binding, billowing with the breeze. Beautiful and ready for battle.
"The hall on the left is the girl’s side leads to our rooms and the right is the boys. That’s Grey he's anti-social, so don't be offended. Come on I'll show you our room."
We passed two doors on the left, both had small chalk boards on it. Only one door, had names written on it. Two doors on the right. Sarah opened the third door on the left to reveal two twin size beds on opposite sides of the room both with a bed chest on the foot of the bed, and a night table off to the side with a lamp. The bed in front of the door had a purple comforter, a purple rug underneath the bed, posters taped to the wall and a picture frame on the night stand. The bed on the right which faced the exterior wall, it was plain and mine. I walked inside and sat on the mattress.
"In your chest are spare sheets, wash clothes, and towels. Each room has two girls and each room has its own bathroom. Curfew is at ten and lights out at eleven. If you want a shower, now’s the time." 
I nodded my thanks pulling out pajamas, my toiletries bag, and grabbed the towels.
The hot water felt amazing on my aching muscles. Loosening the tight, tired muscles. Wrapping the towel around me and stepping out of the shower, I swiped my hand down the mirror. I studied the reflection staring back at me; my stormy blue and brown eyes that were sad and haunted. My delicate features were pretty I suppose, but what beauty there was, was counter balanced by the thin white scar running from my right temple and down to my jawline.
 It was as horrible as when I first got it, but now after these many months it now suited me. Giving me a dangerous, fearsome appearance. Such a short time and so many hideous scars, both physical and mental. That is who I am now I guess. A girl they see on the street and when they notice me, they cross the street or go the other way just so they wouldn’t get too closed.
I sighed and got ready for bed. There is no reason to dwell in the past and on things that can't be change.
When I opened the door to my new bedroom the overhead light was out. The only light came from my bedside light. I glanced at Sarah’s bed, seeing she was out. I quietly padded over to my new bed, tucking my bag and clothing into the chest and tugged one of my knives out. 
Draping the towel over the foot rail, I crawled into bed. With my dad’s knife in my lap I pulled out my locket. Opening the clasp with my finger nail, I looked at the two things I had left of my father.
"I miss you so much, I wish you were here to explain everything." I whispered looking to the sky that was blocked by logs. Slipping my knife and H&K pistol under my pillow with my locket clasped in my fist, I fell asleep. For the first time the heavens replied.
*			*			*
I was back in the forest, the one behind my house in Montana. In the same clearing where my world spun out of orbit. The sky was clear blue, not a cloud insight, the air was chilly as it was in the spring and fall. The pines swaying with the breeze, wild violets, butter cups, pansies, and honeysuckle littered the small clearing ground, the trickle of a river hummed through the air growing larger and louder with each passing fortnight as the ice caps in the mountains melted. The crisp clean air mixed with the light fragrance of honeysuckle, it was as sweet as I remembered.
"Alexi" one word was all it took. I swung around to see the one person who had meant everything to me, the one person who had died seventeen months ago.
"Daddy." I cried and ran to him, holding on to him as tightly as I could. As if he was my life raft thrown to me while I was sinking into the abyss of a frigid sea. He smelled exactly the same, like cinnamon and coffee, he pulled me tighter.
"Alexi, I need you to listen to me," he pushed me away and held me at arm’s length.
"Dad you left me, why did you go?" I cried, knowing it wasn't fair, he didn't choose to die.
"I know kiddo. It wasn't fair, I wanted to be the one to tell you everything and explain. Now you know the truth. I don't have much time so you need to pay attention. There is a struggle of power going on in Olympus but it's quiet and on a small scale for now. Meaning nobody is noticing the changes." He exhaled roughly.
"Dad I don't understand what you’re saying.” Looking into the only face I’ve truly trusted. A chiseled jaw with three-day stubble and black eyes.
"I know you don't understand yet, your special kiddo, one of a kind. You will be more powerful than any other when you’re ready. Now please listen, there is a struggle for power on Olympus but it's bigger and more powerful than any other. It's slow and quiet so no one notices. The ones in on it, they’re preparing for war. When the time comes trust Duke. I love you so m-..." Suddenly he vanished leaving the meadow silent. 
*			*			*
When I woke up the dawns light shinned through the large window. I closed my eyes hoping to find sleep again, but rather images from a dream flashed in my mind. Unable to make sense of the pieces and unable to go back to sleep I decided to get up. Rubbing the sleep from my eyes I flung off the heavy down comforter. 
Standing up, I went through the motions of my mornings; stretching, dressing (at one-point tripping), washing my face, brushing my teeth and hair. Slipping back into the room I armed myself. Foregoing my usual arsenal, I left my H&K in my pack with two set of throwing knives that I carried at my back and a set of Chinese ring daggers that went in my boot. Leaving me with two daggers, a knife strapped to my waist, and a set of ring daggers in my boot. I studied the sword Don had gifted me. I pulled on the sword sheath and slid the blade home.
Putting my pack away, I accidentally shut the chest loudly, Sarah rolled over. Thoughts of thinking that I woke her quickly ended when she smiled and said. "But what if I don't want to kiss you." 
Slightly gagging at that, I slipped on my jacket. Carefully and quietly, shuffling out of the room into the hall leading into the living room and out the door.
Standing in the crisp, morning air, I slipped on my boots and zipped up my leather jacket. Making my way to the center of the six cabins, I studied their exteriors trying to find links between them and my growing knowledge of Greek mythology. Before I had left Texas, Don had given me a book on Greek lore to study. On the right of Athena which had an engraved owl on the door. Was Apollo, God of the sun, to the right was the moon and a bow drawn tight. Artemis, Goddess of the hunt and moon, twin sister to Apollo. To the right the symbol was a sword and spear crossed as an X. Ares, the God of war. Then there was a fire place that was rounded with something sticking out of it, no clue. Second too last, was a staff with two snakes wrapped around it. Finally, was a rose. The last three I didn’t recognize.
"You are up early on this fine morning." Said a warm voice coming from behind. I turned to face Duke.
"I don’t sleep much." 
"Last night I promised the finer details of this new world last night. My curiosity got the better of me. So, I apologize for that." His smile turned timid, he gestured to the pathway between Athena and the unknown god- goddess.
"Care to join me and I will show you around while answering all your questions." He offered and I accepted moving toward the path.
"I got a few of the cabins but some of the symbols I didn't recognize."
"Which cabins do you recognize?" He asked surveying the grounds.
"I figured Apollo, Artemis, Ares, and Athena which was kind of a giveaway." Referring to the obvious, he laughed softly.
"Yes, I believe it is. After Ares is Hephaestus the God of fire, black, silver, and gold smiting. He and your mother Athena get along quite well when they’re going over each other’s blue prints. Well when they’re not defending their own designs." He cringed, as if he were remembering a time one of those conversations took place. “The final two are Hermes, God of travelers and messenger of the Gods. Aphrodite is the last one, Goddess of love and beauty.”
Duke led me around while visiting with each of the dormitories. There are five cabin clusters in total. Section one housed the original Gods and Goddess of Rhea and Cronus. Zeus (sky), his wife Hera (family), Poseidon (sea), Hades (underworld), and Hestia (home). Sections two, held the remainder of the Olympians. Athena (wisdom), Artemis (moon), Apollo (sun), Aphrodite (beauty), Ares (war), Hephaestus (smiting), and Hermes (travelers).
The other three cabin clusters were arranged by power and personification the Gods represented. After all it might be a disaster to put children of destruction next to those of peace. Section three was Demeter (harvest), Dionysus (wine), Harmonia (harmony), Eirene (peace), Elpis (hope), and Anteros (love). 
	Section four was destruction; Thanatos (death), Eris (strife), Eros (desire), Nemesis (revenge), and Melinoe (nightmares). Lastly, section five; Dike (justice), Adrestia (balance of good and evil), Apate (deceit), and Deimos (terror).
*			*			*
“Tell me about her, my mom. Please.” I kind of asked and half demanded. 
He laughed. “Ah, your mother is one of a kind. As sharp as a whip, with a silver tongue, with a cold temper, and the memory of an elephant.” He cringed with a grin. “She does not mind holding a grudge. She’s brilliant and kind, always trying to help the Gods and the humans. Even after they take her gifts and do monstrosities with them, but she never gave up hope that one day they’ll realizes that it doesn’t have to be one way or the highway. That everyone one of us has something to learn from the other. Do not mistake her for not knowing that sometimes war in necessary.” He warned, then went on to tell story after story of the woman I never knew.
Chapter Four
After Duke showed me the dormitories, he left me to explore on my own. I wondered from Section four that housed Thanatos, Eris, Eros, Nemesis, and Melinoe. I went east with the sun in my eyes, I blindly stumbled my way in to a field. About forty yards ahead of me was an arena and off to the side was a marquee that had thick black smoke billowing from the top.
It was a quick walk to make my way to the fencing of the arena. Less than a second to realize what the arena was used for. Half of it had Styrofoam boxes littering the ground, lifted up high in the air it was, an archery range. The other half had dummies that were wrapped, with duct tape that were pushed off to the side. 
Then there was a pair in the middle of sparring bout with swords. A tall guy, Jason I recognized leaned against the fence post watching and shouting out tips, insults, and well more insults. Eventually the taller one of the sparrers over powered the other and won the match. Shaking hands, they went off towards the marquee.
Jason noticing my presence beckoned me to join him. Bracing a hand on the highest rail I leapt across and strode to him. Stopping a few feet away from him, he looked less aggressive than last night but cockier. This is where he excels.
"Duke said you were wandering around. He instructed that if I were to see you, I should give you a few lessons, it's a mandatory skill." He handed me a wooden sword and walked me through the very basics of fencing and the do's and don'ts, foot work do's and don'ts. I didn't listen to a word he said nor did I pay any attention to myself. Instead watched every movement he made. 
I smiled to myself, his arrogance was astounding. He was talented in every motion no doubt. He grew up here or someplace safe, never really had to fight to survive. Some passers stopped to watch as others kept moving.
"Can we try something else. Maybe put my new skills to the test?” I ask lightly controlling my voice and every 'tell' that said I knew much more than I was letting on. Dad called it the ultimate poker face, fooling or hustling anyone who caught my attention. Manipulating them to do exactly as I wished.
"You sure, you've only just begun?" He was bored, but I knew his type. He couldn't let a challenge go unfinished. "Alright, if you want," he braced himself in an attack position.
"Let’s add an extra variable" I tossed the wooden sword behind him, it clunked against the fence. He looked suspicious but shrugged and threw the sword right next to mine. Reaching up over my shoulder I pulled the well-balanced silver and iron sword with an owl engraved at the top of the hilt. I gave it a few twirls to test the weight and movements. It was superb. 
Jason shook his head and drew his sword. We took our stances a breath later Jason took his opportunity, I easily blocked his attempt and made a move of my own. Back and forth we dueled. My muscles sang along with the striking of the blades, finally after months of waiting for a proper fight. To stretch and rejoin what I know how to do best, fight and win.
The strain of keeping the fight at basic levels was far more difficult than dealing with Jason's attempts. With every block I made his frustration grew and so did the skill level of his attempts to get past my defenses. We kept doing this until he brought the fight to my level. Finally, a fight worth my attention and effort. He pulled a thrust that he was ill prepared to use, one that I had only just mastered myself. I intentionally used a defense technique that wasn't meant for this style of attack, the blocking motion opened my defenses. Jason realized this, shifting his weight, he angled his sword for my abdomen. I blocked again twisting my blade around his trying to force it from his hand. Jason tried to take back control, only to give me the leverage I needed. Angling my blade just right sent both of our swords flying.
We locked eyes just for a moment. With a smile I lunged for my sword that was on his left. Jason followed suit going after his bronze sword. Before I was even close, I swung around grabbing Jason with my right arm twining it around his shoulder, using my left foot to trip his left ankle shifting his weight to me. My left hand held a small knife that was half an inch from his throat. 
We stood there for less than a second "surprised-" I started to say when I felt her come at me. Someone was about to attack, awakening It. The Fog, the Instinct that eliminated any real threat. It came as a fog hijacking my body, eliminating the control I held over my own body.
I saw a flash of black. The impact of her body caused me to lose my grip on the knife. It reached for the knives at my back. I landed on my back with her landing on me, pinning my arms. My body started flailing trying to throw her off of me. 
I felt a cold prick at my neck, blood dribbled out of the shallow cut. My body went still. The fog reassessed the attacker and chose one of many methods to fight the girl. Freeing my knee, It kneed her in the kidney, the blow knocked her to my right, relocating just enough weight for my hands to be freed and throw her off me to the right. It rolled to the left bracing my arms next to my body It threw my legs in the air over my body, I flipped over in the air. 
Landing lightly on my feet. The girl got to her feet not nearly as graceful but she got up. She was ready for a fight, so was the Fog. 
This was not going to turn out well. 
Someone yelled to get Duke and the other two men from last night. The Fog didn't care as It was watching and waiting.
Shrugging off my jacket and tossing it to the side. Thankfully I left my pistol at the Athenian cabin. The girl, I recognized was the girl talking to Jason last night. 
Is that what was going on here? 
The girl moved her butterfly knife elaborately, using it as an intimidation tactic. Then It came at me at full speed. It waited until she was less than a foot away and stepped aside, causing her to fly past me.
What was that saying again? 'Bringing a knife to a gun fight' but this was much worse. This was meant for entertainment and humiliation. I tried fighting It for control, but it was as useless as telling a book to stand up and do the Macarena.
She came at me again, angling her knife for my mid-section. It blocked her pitiful attempt with my forearm, her other arm winded up going for a left hook. Her punch headed for my jaw resulting in me ducking, going for an easy kidney jab. 
She wasn't trained in hand to hand combat. I observed. 
What was she trying to prove? 
We traded blows or well she attempted It deflected then landed one or two. I had to admit that I had a high pain tolerance but not many willingly took this abuse even if it wasn't at full strength.
I vaguely heard yelling about stopping whether it was to me or to the girl I didn't know. If the girl knew, she didn't care. I think they knew who the aggressor was. Some brave fool stepped in the middle of us and grabbed the girl dragging her away while she was literally kicking and screaming in both English and Greek. 
Turning my attention away from the foolish girl to who I presumed were the ones yelling to stop. Watching to see if they were a threat. There was Jason, Duke, and the two men Duke was speaking with last night. Mike and David, if I recalled correctly. One of them had a firm grip on the shrieking girl. The other man advanced he was the first to look in my eyes, he quickly drew his sword and advanced. Dropping to a crouch, slipping the Chinese ring daggers out of my boots, I growled and the man’s advancement stopped cold. This drew Duke and Jason attention. Jason pulled his sword and approached giving the man back up. 
Duke calmly came forward. “What is the meaning of this?” Then he got close enough to see my eyes. He stopped short and appeared stricken. He looked surprised but there was also an element of horror. Something about his expression confused me. I logged this moment in the back of my mind.
It turned away from Duke, sensing he was not a threat. The man I didn't know took a swing at me. Blocking it using my dagger, It made an attempt at him but had to quickly change course to block an attempt from Jason. Jason started to take up the majority of the fight. While Jason was occupying my attention allowing the other one sneak out of my sight. It turned to find him but instead found the pommel of his sword smashing into my temple. I momentarily blacked out but got my bearings back when I hit the ground. Reaching for the knife that It dropped on my way down. Someone stepped on my wrist, not enough pressure for it to break, but enough that it couldn’t move.
"Shit. That should've been enough to knock her out." Said the man stepping on me. I growled at him and he seemed to shrink an inch or two.
"No! Don't hurt her!" Duke exclaimed lowering Jason’s sword quickly.
"Hurt her? What about us?" The man exclaimed right back to Duke.
Duke knelt down next to me, ignoring the complaints of the over talkative man. He looked into my eyes holding my gaze longer than anyone had ever done before. Pressing two fingers to my forehead. Heat radiated, shoving the Fog out of control and back to my unconscious mind. I dropped to the ground from relief of the heat and being back in control. My forehead rested on the cool ground, the usual pounding between my temples after the Fog takes over was there. Plus, the hit didn't help matters either.
"Thank you. I don't know how, but thank you." Duke chuckled, my wrist was released. I slowly got to my feet and rubbed my wrist. Wiping away the clinging dirt off my forehead, body, and the blood leaking out of the corner of my mouth.
I warily looked at Duke expecting to find disgust and anger but instead I only found kindness and warmth. 
How strange.
"I'm sorry, I try to control it but it's useless." My voice broke. Duke pulled me into a hug wrapping his arms around me.
"Duke?" Called a confused and wary Jason. 
Pulling away from me. Duke responded. "It is alright."
"I don't think it's alright. What just happened? Her eyes were almost completely drained of blue till it was just brown and a thin ring of blue other side of the iris." Mike observed, his eyes held; distrust and disgust. Exactly what I expected. I glanced at Jason he was staring at me as well I dropped my gaze to the dirt ground, wanting to disappear but not wanting to look weak.
"Let’s go someplace more comfortable to discuss this." Duke a put a hand on my shoulder, nudging me toward the opening of the arena. 
"First, I want to know-" Mike continued, but Duke cut the man off. 
"We will discuss it somewhere more comfortable." Duke repeated coldly. The guy’s face hardened but he held his tongue. We walked out of the arena and towards a monstrous marquee.
Chapter Five
Under the marquee were dozens of picnic tables several of them occupied. Duke lead us to one that was deserted and had no occupants for a good thirty-foot radius. I sat next to Duke, Jason and the other man Mike sat across from us. Both constantly had a hand on a weapon of some kind, mainly short blades for the distance. They also had my jacket and all of my knives. better safe than sorry I guess. My eyes were back to their regular blue but that didn't relax Mike or Jason.
A young girl, around thirteen with pink streaks in her dark brown hair brought us half a dozen sandwiches; egg salad, ham and Swiss, pb&j, and some water. I took a bottle of water and took a small sip trying not to move to fast not wanting to startle anyone. No one touched any of the food, taking a deep breath, I started.
“I guess I have some explaining to do. May I start at the beginning?” I ask Duke, and with his leave I began. “I used to have blue eyes, just regular plain blue. When my dad died it started. I didn’t notice the change in color until a few days after. It tries to keep me safe. On a normal day to day, it warns me of danger. For example, It would give me an extreme feeling of dread if I tried to go down a certain alley. Or if I thought about sitting in a particular area or next to a shady character. At this point I called It my Instinct. 
“I was attacked It rose up again but instead of warning me it took control of my body. My mind during this was stuck in a fog like state. Thick gray fog I could see past, it was like being stuck in another world. I couldn’t hear or see what was going on. I could feel my limbs moving but I wasn’t the one moving them. I could feel pain; I could feel what was happening to me. I don’t know how long it took before I was back in control. Bloody, bruised, and bleeding, with dead things scattered around me. That was when I began to fear it.” I took a cleansing breath and sipped some water. 
“The second time it happened I should have died. Anybody else would have died immediately from the wounds I received during the fight. Yet I kept fighting. As I laid dying in the street a guy came. He was probably around my age or a little older. Anyhow he took me to his Grandmother. She was a Chinese Herbalist Healer. The region of China she originated from was extremely superstitious. She did something to me that made it so I was able to stay aware when it takes over.”
“It took over when you were fighting the girl?” Duke asks, Mike and Jason were quiet, watching, waiting. 
“Yes.”
“What are the circumstances of it taking control?”
How to phrase this correctly? “It happens when both my opponent means to kill me and when I cannot fight back. She took me by surprise, giving me no time to react or protect myself.” I thought back and analyzed past occurrences. I frowned. “It might have something to do with her not being human. It’s never taken over when a human was involved.”
“So, when we were sparring?” Jason pipes up.
“That’s just it, we were sparring, you didn’t want to harm me. She did.” 
“You two were sparring? I told you just to give her some training.” Duke gave Jason a disapproving frown. “Why would she have attacked you? What was happening?”
“Don’t blame him, I asked for a match. I had just won when she came after me.”
Mike spoke up again. "Wait you were about to win, how?" Incredulous thick in his speech and demeanor.
"She cheated." Jason posited. 
"I didn't cheat" I rebutted but Jason wasn't having any of it.
"Yes, you did, you didn't tell me or anyone that you've had training, extensive training." 
I laughed at that. The girl with the pink stripes approached again this time barring an ice pack. 
"Thank you, and I like the hair." She gave me a smile and quickly walked away. Pressing the ice to my temple I almost moaned. Single handedly unwrapped the sandwich biting into the soft bread moaning. 
"Mm, this is really good." I said to no one in particular after swallowing. The guys continued to watch me as if I was going to pull a razor blade out of the sandwich and start slitting throats.
"So back to the training thing, yes I do have training. My father has been training me since before I could walk. Never knew why until now. Why I had to have so much intensive knowledge of how to survive and how to defend myself." I shrugged and finished my sandwich.
The instinct started to rise up again. Mike and Jason noticed the change in my eyes jumping up and pulling daggers.
"No, it's not that" I explain yet there was something wrong. I closed my eyes and tilted my head to the west. "There’s a storm coming. A big one and it's headed right for us."
"So, this instinct of yours predicts the weather too?" Mike asks doubtfully.
I looked him straight in the eye and smiled. "It does actually." He rolled his eyes. 
"No, she’s right I can feel it." Jason confirmed, I looked at him curiously.
Duke stood up. "Mike and I should go back to the main house. Jason will finish the tour parts of the Sanctuary.” He looked pointedly at me. "I trust your instinct will not resurface today."
"Depends." I looked at Jason and smirk. “Got a grudge against being beat by a girl?" He snorted and muttered something that sounded an awful lot like 'in your dreams' under his breath. My smile grew as Duke shook his head and walked away. Mike waited.
"Sorry about hitting you across the head.” He muttered. I gently prodded the swelling bruise at my temple.
"At least you didn't slice my face open like the last guy who clocked me with a pommel of a knife." I touched the scar that laid right below the bruise and ran down to my jaw line.
"Anyway sorry." He apologized awkwardly walking off, following Dukes retreating form.
Jason looked at me thoughtfully. I took a sip of water trying to figure out how to break the ice on this one.
"Can I get my jacket back?" I ask. 
"Ah, yeah of course." He handed over the soft brown leather jacket, one of my longer knives falling out of the sleeve. Shrugging it on I picked up the blade and inserted it into its sheath. I checked my back, both sets of throwers were there but. I glanced at Jason.
"Forgetting a couple?" I asked 
"Ah yeah sorry" he placed a set of Chinese ring daggers, followed by my ultra-small slasher on the table, and my sword.
I slipped the ring daggers into my boots, sheathed the sword, and clasped the slasher to a cord around my neck and pressed into its sheath attached to my bra.
I looked up at Jason, he was looking away and slightly blushing. I rolled my eyes and stood up, stretching. We started walking to a large barn.
"Who taught you to fight? I’ve been here almost my entire life, learning to fight and I could barely keep up with you and that rarely happens. I'm one of the best fighters here." 
Hmm I was right, unchallenged and sheltered. I considered what I should tell him.
"First off, you underestimated me. You expected me to not be able to defend myself, and your unconscious mind determined and set in stone that I could not fight. By the time you realized the situation your brain was questioning your abilities and forgetting the knowledge you needed to remember to win. Second, you aren't challenged. As a result, you always expect to win. It's a shame really. You have an abundant amount potential to be one of the best, yet you don’t have the discipline." 
He placed his palm over his heart. "Ouch. You really don’t pull your punches, do you? Physically or verbally."
I rolled my eyes. "Whoever thought that sugar coating the truth was best for your health did not know a dentist. Besides how can one improve if they don't know the truth of what is wrong. I will indulge you about my training if you tell me who it was that attacked me." He pondered my pitiful compromise.
"Her name is Ametia. I have no idea why she attacked you." He said with a straight face.
I laughed and then realized he was serious. "You really have no idea why, do you?" He shook his head. I rolled my eyes, boys were so blind. Changing the subject.
"I'm not going to tell all my secrets since there is no fun in that, but I will give you a few details. I have some training in martial arts.” I admit. My thoughts drifted when we came up to the fence where a pitch-black horse ate grass on the wrong side of the fencing. 
I smiled. It had been a while since I last laid eyes a horse. She lifted her head and snorted, she had a small star on her forehead. Slowly the beautiful creature walked up looking me straight in the eye as if challenging me. I lifted my hand palm up, so she could smell me.
"Careful Alex." I ignored Jason’s warning. After smelling me, she nodded her majestic head as if granting me permission. I reached up and ran my fingertips down her velvet nose. 
Jason stared in wonder. "Amazing. She’s never lets anyone this close. Even the Poseidon siblings." Jason reached to stroke her, but she snorted at him turning back to me. She bumped her nose against my chest and trotted away. 
I stared after her. Jason kept looking at her, then to me, and then back to her. After a few moments of this, I started to believe he was going to give himself rotational whiplash.
"Where did she come from?" I ask, wondering why she wasn't in the fencing.
"Nobody really knows, she just showed up one day a few months ago. Refusing to allow anyone to get near her; coming and going as she pleases." We continued along the fence line heading towards the barn.
"Why would Poseidon’s kids have the ability to get near her?" My question sounded dumb even to my ears. 
Jason smiled. “Poseidon created the horse when he and Athena were competing to be patrons of Athens.”
I sighed was it worth it staying here to learn about and pray to a woman I’ve never met, meaning she didn’t care. I can take care of myself just fine. I reminded myself. She does care, a small voice whispered. Is that enough to keep me here though, in this beautiful sanctuary. Did I deserve to be in this beautiful sanctuary?
"I know what you’re thinking" Jason nudged my shoulder.
"What am I thinking?" Running my fingers against the wood fencing.
"You’re thinking about leaving, that it would be easier." He turned to face me and running his fingers down my scar. His touch increasing the electric current, sending shivers down my spine.
"They will find you again. They will keep finding you until they finally kill you. You know this. Here, we are safe. We can live our lives as normally as we can. Until we can protect ourselves." He pulled his hand away. 
I laughed. "You really think it's the monsters I'm worried about." I wasn't willing to explain how many humans thirsted for my blood. 
We were feet away from the door. I sauntered inside, wrinkling my nose at the alfalfa hay smell, that mixed with sweat and manure.
"It's just a little overwhelming. Not just the God’s and Goddesses part but siblings that is going to be harder to wrap my head around then the God’s. I always knew I was different, but honestly, how many seventeen-year-old girls have two master belts and fourteen black belts?" I ask rhetorically before introducing myself to a beautiful chestnut that had stripes of white in its mane.
"You said that I am not challenged. That I am always confident. That I will always win." He reiterates, I nodded. It sounded accurate and I had a faint idea where he was going with this.
"And with all your knowledge and training how are we different?" Right on the money.
"In two ways we are different. Winning isn't the same for me as it is for you. For you it's about bragging rights while for me it's about survival. My foundation as a fighter is that winning isn't important. It's not about the rush of winning or the knowledge that I can easily win any fight. It’s about survival, living to see the next sunrise.
"Also, I've rarely ever won a fight in the last year, let alone in all my years of training." Jason narrowed his eyes and raised an eye brow. I softly laughed. "I never expect to win a fight; I just try my hardest to survive. I always expect someone to be a better fighter, stronger, faster, far more cunning, and who is never afraid to fight dirty. I try my hardest to survive and if I win, then I won the fight and I survive another day. Growing up I never sparred with anyone my age or anyone who wasn't far more skilled than me.”
I smile at the memory of my seventy-year-old sensei, while I laid on the floor and him saying, "that was good. Again." 
Jason smiled as well, "what about lately, you’re still alive so you won then."
My smile vanished, deciding on the blunt painful truth. Shucking off the left shoulder of my jacket and rolled the sleeve up to my shoulder. Revealing a nine-inch hideous scar I got a week after leaving home.
"I don't consider it winning when I have to stitch myself up afterwards." Jason gasped his skin losing color as he took in the scar.
"You sewed yourself up?" He asks horrified. I nodded while tugging the sleeve back in its place.
I turned to a starch white stallion changing the subject. "So, your dad is Zeus, King of the God’s huh? Must be fun."
Jason ran a hand through his hair and laughed bitterly. "It's something all right, but fun it is not." Apparently, I hit a nerve.
"How is it you have fourteen black belts? You aren’t any older than I am." I rolled my eyes at his attempts to change the subject but I wasn't budging.
"Sixteen if you want to be technical. It’s almost as easy as breathing for me. Now back to you." Curiosity getting the better of me.
"Uh, it's alright I guess, I don't know how to explain it. It is what it is." He seemed at a loss of words. “Everyone looks to me and my siblings for guidance, they think that because of who our dad is that we know all the answers. That we know what to do all the time. They expect us to be perfect leaders.” 
Interesting… I filed that away for later. 
There was a soft dripping coming from above that got louder, faster, and heavier by the second. I looked out the big barn doors seeing that the storm had arrived. Thick dark gray clouds rolled in. 
"There you are Alex; I've been looking everywhere for you." The voice came from behind, belonging to Sarah. "Oh, hey Jason, hope you don't mind but I'm going to steal Alex for a while." Sarah quickly snaked her arm around mine and tugged me out of the barn.
"I just heard what happened with Ametia earlier; I would have paid to see that.”
I grimaced. “It wasn’t that entertaining. Could you clarify a few things for me though?” Sarah gave an enthusiastic nod. “It looked like an extreme case of jealousy but Jason and I were just sparring. What set her off?”
“Ametia is extremely possessive of that boy. Not that he’s ever noticed. It’s not just a case of the green-eyed monster though. Her mom is Eris, the personification of discord. It’s in her DNA to take negative emotions to the extreme.”
“So, our parentage really does affect our personalities?”
“Oh, most definitely, you’ve seen our cabin. That chaos isn’t to appease Athena; we all truly love that stuff. Math, reading, critical thinking, engineering, as well as scarp booking, and photography.  Apollo’s kids love archery, music, they’re our healers. 
“Ares, they’ll pick a fight verbal or physical anytime anywhere. Zeus’s boys, Jason for example, are all arrogant and completely self-assured.  There is something in all of us that traces back to our God parent.”
“Will you tell more about Heroes no one has really to explained.”
Sarah grimaced. “Sorry about that. So physically were stronger, faster, and heal much faster than humans. We have to be to have a chance to fight and survive. In the old days Heroes were meant to aid the Gods. Now days there really isn’t much going on in Olympus that they have need of us.  They merely do whatever it is they do and occasionally dally with humans. With the God’s being immortal they can get absent minded, time flows differently for them than for us. One year for us is five minutes for them. Were pretty lucky actually, Hera has her faults, but for that past few centuries her maternal instincts have been kicking in. She alerts the Sanctuaries around the world of a Heroes existence. She didn’t do that with you however. The first we learned of you, Athena was the one who told us.”
“When did she alert you of me?” I ask.
“Seventeen months ago. Why what happened then?”
“Nothing.” Just the death of my father.
 Chapter Six 
Sarah and I were thoroughly soaked and mucked up by the time we got to our cabin. She hesitated with her hand on the door nub, she turned to me.
"Since we’re family now it's time you meet the others." Without any other notice she opened the door and shoved me into the cabin.
Six curious faces turned towards the door with intense scrutiny they took in every detail of my person. I weakly smiled and gave a pathetic little wave. Having not the slightest inkling of a clue what to do when meeting six brothers and sisters. In reality the whole scenario was outrageous and downright hilarious.
"Don't be shy." Sarah whisper in my ear.
"Okay make a line. Probably the quickest way to get this done and over with." As she spoke six blonde heads fell into a single file straight line.
First, was Clary who was ivory skinned. She pulled me into a (honestly back breaking bear hug) but before I died of severe internal injuries or suffocation she let me go and went to sit on the couch.
Then came Simon, Kelly, Johnny, Grey, and lastly Edward. Almost the same introduction minus the bear hug, thankfully. One could defiantly tell we were all related; we all had up turned noses, defined chin, almond shaped eyes, and blonde hair. Different hues, but blonde none the less. All of us ranged in different skin colors. Kelly and Edward (who were actually twins) had beautiful mocha colored complexion. Also, different eye colors, jaw dimensions, cheek bones, and different body types. 
Sarah and I were built for a combination of strength and speed. Whereas Kelly and Johnny were built solely for speed, with their light, tall and willowy frames. Edward was straight up brute strength (Hulk style). Grey was in a league of his own when he came up to me and began telling me when and how I received every shown scratch and scar. Lanky and all sharp edges, he was the youngest of us all.
They all spoke in different soft accents. I later learned that only Sarah and I were American the rest were born and used to live in different countries around the world. Since there were so few Athenian children, the leaders of all the other Sanctuaries scattered across the world decided to move all of her children to one location so we could all grow up in peace together.
We all sat down and started talking among our-selves. Telling jokes and stories (current and from the ancient days). We laughed, it was the first time I really laughed in a long time, and since a time I would rather forget. 	                           
*			*			*
The next morning, I tugged on a pair of basketball shorts, a soft green tank top, a light hoodie and an iPod. I stuffed my feet into a pair of tennis shoes, quietly crossing the room. I slipped out door and ran into a half-asleep Kelly as she stumbled into the bathroom barely noticing me. If she did she would probably forget the moment her head hit the pillow.
In the large living room Johnny and Grey were scribbling in their notebooks. On the sofa sat a man. From the back all I could see was his broad shoulders and full dark head of hair. He looked over and jerked his head. He had dark round eyes, a straight nose, sharp angled cheekbones. A full mouth and a square jaw, all makings of a handsome guy. I estimated him to be in his mid-twenties. I took a seat next to him but with enough room to face him. Surrounding him was an aura of power.
"You are destined for great things Alexandra Caterina Duvey. Or should I say Di-" he cut himself off. Panic flared through my system.
"You need to be vigilant and smart but I have a feeling that that won’t be an issue for you Alexandra, your father taught you well. Remember when the old ones call upon you, you go and go alone. Now you better start your run, you don't want to be late for breakfast you will need your strength for the days ahead."
"Who are you?" I ask. He looked at me and in his eyes, was knowledge and power beyond my imagination. A warning, future, knowledge. 
The pieces clicked into place. "Apollo." I whispered and he smiled proudly and winked.
"I was right. Your father did indeed teach you well. Enjoy your run, but remember what I said."
I stood not wanting to anger the God but I did want to outrage for his cryptic message.
Outside the light dawn and fresh breeze lifted my spirits. I shook off the meeting with Apollo. I started off with a slow jog to warm up my muscles. The trees and air reminded of home, except the air was thinner at our house and the small town we lived on the out skirts of. Thinking of home brought tears to my eyes but I quickly blinked them away and shoved the emotions deep into my heart and soul. Locking them away.
Dad taught me never to cry. He said it did no good, and rather waste time, energy, and water and to do something about what was making you cry in the first place. The first time he told me that I was ten and saw the boy I like holding hands with another girl. So, the next day I walked up to him and punched him in the nose. I almost broke it too, I was suspended for three days, and the whole time I was waiting for time to pick me up I was fretting how long I was going to be grounded for. What I was getting grounded from, TV, spending time with friends, and of course, desert. When he picked me up we went for ice cream, I did get a stern lecture about violence wasn't always the answer. Then he corrected my punch so it would have shattered his nose.
I silently laughed at the memory right as I collided with an unknown body.
"Sorry." I managed to spit out while correcting my balance. "I wasn't paying attention to where-" my apology cut off when I recognized the pitch-black hair. Immediately the Fog rose to meet a threat, but it wasn't strong enough to take over. Just reminding me and reassuring me of its presence. 
Centering my middle of gravity; with my knees bent, back straight and loose, I was ready for a fight.
She shoved me against a tree pressing her forearm into my throat. I rolled my eyes, pinching the nerve between her thumb and index finger. She gasped at the pain and lost her balance releasing her hold on my neck.
"Don't you ever learn?" I ask annoyed. She fell to her knees I released the nerve. She sighed with relief, her jaw was locked with defiance, she nimbly got to her feet. We circled each other sizing each other up, seeing who would strike first.
"Stay away from him he's mine.” She ground out the words like hot metal. 
I laughed. "He doesn't seem to think so." Her eyes blazed but kept her reaction to a minimum. I stopped moving. "I'm tired of this, so since we've cleared the air, I'm going to finish my run." I was mildly concerned about turning my back to her, but I decided to risk it.
I picked up the pace to a slow run. The forest was silent as far I could tell with my music interrupting the peace just as I liked. Never silent, never having the time or giving myself time to think. To ponder to go back to the bittersweet memories. I concentrated on my breathing, the burning of my muscles as they stretched for the first time in weeks. The lightness of my steps barely leaving any trace of my passage. The twists and curves of the animal trail. The dents in the earth indicating weak spots.
When I reached the top of the small hill I stopped long enough to stretch and admire the view. I started running again this time at a full sprint. Using large rocks, stumps, and fallen trees to increase my speed to push myself further past the boundaries of my old records and capabilities to a whole new level. I laughed at the thrill of being free once again to unshackle myself from my quest, my pain, the pressure I had on myself. To lose myself if only for a minute. To go back in time when everything was alright just until I wake up.
I stumbled on a tree root. Shoving those thoughts out of sight I focused solely on the music, the lyrics, the beat. I ran and ran and ran until I almost stumbled into a small lake. It was heart achingly beautiful just like home, forbidden images flashed through my mind.
Pausing my music, I tugged off my hoddie, I sat the pile of fabric down on the ground. My feet were shoulders width apart I started going through the motions of Tai Chi. Slowed my breathing, manipulating my heart beat to go slow, slower that a resting heart rate. When I reached forty beats per minute I began. I took a deep breath through my nose held it for a minute and exhaled through my mouth. I concentrated on nothing and everything until time seemed to stop and speed up. Slowly I expanded my consciousness to hear everything that went through the forest; a gentle breeze, fish jumping, a Wood Pecker at work. 
The breeze picked up the rustling of the leaves, a buzzing of a honey bee flittering about. A twig snapped behind me probably a deer. Then I got a paranoid sensation of someone watching me. Ignoring it I continued to push my boundaries to smell the forest, the sweet smoky smell of the nearby chimneys, a crisp pine fragrance, the sweet honeysuckle.
"What are you doing?" The voice was familiar Jason, as it cut through my concentration. I continued going through the motions until I reached a place where I went through a final move.
"I was meditating." My voice colder and sharper than intended. Opening my eyes, I took in the view turning around to face Jason. He raised his hands in defense.
"Sorry didn't mean to intrude." He said with a wary tone. I sighed.
"No. I'm sorry I didn't mean to snap." I looked to the ground brushing back whips of hair that escaped my braid.
"Something tells me you have a right to be snappy." He said gently, I shrugged.
"The moment I accept the lack of control is the moment that hope has vanished." We stood there awkwardly for a minute.
“I should get back to training."
"Meditating is part of your training?" He asks.
 I sighed, my muscles ached to get back to my routine even if it was different every day. "In many cultures meditating is a large part of martial arts. Just as running strengthens your legs, lungs, and heart, meditating strengthens your mind. Many masters believe it is more important, the key to a strong body is a strong mind." Turning back around to facing the lake, I ignored Jason and cleared my mind of thoughts, smells, noises, any and all things that plagued my mind.
After a while I finished Tai Chi I opened my senses surveying the area I spotted Jason sitting under a maple tree fast asleep. Stretching, I got the kinks out of my neck. After stretching I started yoga, great way to maintain flexibility, balance, and strength in my arms, core, and legs. I lowered myself into the high leg pose, shifted raising my leg. My muscles burned from lack of proper use and exercise but the burning sensation awoke my senses and reminded me where I came from. The days of countless hours of holding this pose and others without moving besides breathing. Switch leg.
The punishment my master gave me randomly when I misbehaved, was late, won a sparring match, lost a sparring match. Part of me thought he liked watching my arms quivers and sweat stream down my face, arms, and legs until there was a puddle beneath me. 
Regardless I pulled my leg out of the air pulling it to my chest. I pulled my body until my hands were underneath me and raised my grounded leg. After a few minutes I pulled my leg to my chest held the pose tucked my head between my arms and straightened my legs. Bringing myself to the basic head stand. Folding my knees back to my stomach, tucking my chin to my chest. I lowered my arms resting my nape and my shoulders on the sandy lake shore. I crossed my legs and pressed my palms into my knees to maintain balance.
Up above a distinctive cracking started like a hundred extra-large fire crackers then a tumbling rumble like a twenty-year smoker speaking. The electricity raised the hair on my arms and on the back of my neck. Then came an intense flash of light and heat surged to the ground that knocked me off balance sending me tumbling to the ground. Instantly a boom sounded causing ringing in my ears. It probably sent my heart into cardiac arrest. It vibrated the ground on which I was sprawled across. Despite the morning sky that was clear less than five minutes ago, the only thing I could see was an angry gray and black clouds that dominated the morning sky.
It started pouring while I was still laying on the ground staring at the sky in fear and shock. Jason wondered over, appearing above me, he hauled me to my feet, grabbed my arm and jerked me to the trail. We sprinted off the back way I came, we sprinted at least one hundred yards. Until Jason grabbed my arm from behind pulling us to a stop.
"What are you doing? We need to run you moron." Once again, the ground rattled with the baritone of the thunder. Jason was kneeling over panting if I could see his face it probably be beet red.
"I-We-I" he gasped for breath, "there’s a shed, down that way." He pointed to the left completely off the trail. "It takes half an hour to get to the nearest cabin and ten minutes to the shed if not sooner if I try to match your pace." Thunder boomed above our heads I quickly nodded and headed in the direction he pointed to.
Chapter Seven
Mud splattered against the force of our footfalls. We sprinted through the heavy rain, correction Jason sprinted, I ran. After what felt like hours but was only a few minutes, three lighting strikes and instantaneous thunder, we were completely drenched. Less than thirty feet away was a ratty wooden shed; with a moss infested roof, a small door, and a four-paned window on the left. Jason sped up and I matched his pace, once under the minimal amount of shelter provided by the roofs overhang, I looked into the woods. 
	Even though I longed for warm towels and a hot shower a small part of me wished to be an ordinary seventeen-year-old girl. She wanted to abandon the minimal shelter and dance and sing in the rain. I pushed the urge away. 
Jason was shaking and pushing against the door, I ignored my annoyance and watched the rain fall and fall, bring life rather than death. I relaxed against the door frame but thought better of it. Unsure if it could support its own weight let alone mine. 
Light streaked across the sky, the ground shook at the intensity of the crescendo the sound vibrating louder and closer than before closer than I've ever heard before. Tired of waiting I took two steps back and launched myself at the pathetic piece of wood keeping me from being warm and dry.
	The door easily caved under my momentum. I landed hard on my right shoulder and hip. Jason looked from the door to me, startled but not really surprised. 
	"Well that’s certainly one way to open the door. Aren't you supposed to have never ending patience or something?" He asked with a slight smile.
	I restrained myself from snorting, "something like that." 
	The glass in the window vibrated, the thunder is getting closer and stronger. 
"Is it always like this or did I just stumble upon a nightmare just waiting to happen?" 
Jason shook his head and tried to close the splintered door. "We do get storms here but never this strong or twice in less that twenty-four hours. Plus, the energy in these two storms it’s different. I don't know how to describe it. It's almost like it's scared or angry. It's rather bizarre." 
I paced the small room that was no bigger than ten by ten feet.
	"Right, Gods and Goddesses, Heroes, and now emotional weather. What's next a blizzard or Switzerland dropping a nuke on somebody?" A twisted, hysterical laugh escaped my mouth.
Jason’s eyes widened. "If I didn't know any better I would say you’re scared of thunder." The corners of his mouth curled and his eye danced with amusement.
	“Lightening.” I corrected sharply. "Lightening unsettles me. Millions of amps of power in every single bolt. I’d be a fool not to have issues with it.” 
Sighing I slid down one of the walls and wrapped my arms around my legs. Resting my forehead on my knees I tried to shut out the storm. Jason sat next to me. The extra heat radiated, fighting the chill of my soaked clothing.
	“So, you’re seventeen and an exceptional fighter.  What else is there to know about you Alexandra?” Conversation a good distraction but a terrible subject.
	"I've always just been good at fighting and learning languages. My dad had a lot of contacts and friends all over the world, we would travel every summer after I was nine. My dad’s friends most of them had training of their own, in armies, the marines from all over the world, MI-6, and Mossad. I would learn anything and everything they had to teach. Learned how to survive in that environment, and pick up the native language." I took a shaky breath my chest and eyes burned at the memories. I didn't take trips down memory lane for this reason. The rain and thunder brought up one to many memories, some happy, others unbearable. Really, they were all unbearably painful. 
	My fingers traced the pattern on my left wrist. Jason noticed my nerves tick, he tugged my wrist so he could see it.
	"I didn't notice this before, what does it mean?" He rubbed his thumb over the two tattoos I had done months ago. I didn't respond, pulling my arm free. The corners of his mouth twitched, he pulled my arm back.
	"This top one is a Greek symbol for strength, but these characters look Asian Chinese maybe." He searched my face for any conformation or emotion. I kept my face blank as I stared at the wall. 
	"Yes. It's Cantonese, it means never forget." I mumbled more to myself than to him.
	"Never forget what?" He whispers. The storm raged around us and I knew how it felt.
	"Everything." I pushed myself off the floor, opening the door I stepped out. 
	The wind shoved against me pushing me back through the threshold but I held my own. Stepping out from the shelter of the roofs over hang. The rain washed away my memories, temporarily. I stood there for a few minutes until Jason urged me inside, insisting I would catch my death. I grudgingly agreed, but didn't go inside it was too confining for my taste. I stood under the overhang. 
	The rain began to lighten up when I heard a quiet thunder. It got louder and a familiar rumble sounded through the air. After a minute a dark blurry figure made its way down the trail Jason and I had taken earlier.
	"Hey Jason, it looks like someone is on their way here." I called I waited three heart beats before going in the cabin. Jason was lying on his back, with an arm thrown across his eyes, and a folded-up blanket under his head, he was fast asleep. 
	Walking over, I nudged his ribs, he didn't even twitch. The vehicle, person, whatever was getting closer. Knowing I was getting nowhere. I wedged my toe under his back and jerked my leg. He flipped onto his side. Effectively awake now, I think. He groaned and mumbled a few choice words. Glancing over his shoulder mumbling a few more. I smirked, nothing I hadn’t heard or have been called before.
	"I'm up. Since you asked so nicely. What do you want?" He grumbled thickly as he got to his feet. 
	I jerked my head to the door. "Someone’s coming, and I did try to be nice, but it didn't work." I shrugged.
	"Yeah, I'm sure you tried so hard." I stifled a chuckle and went back outside to wait for whom ever it was. Jason joined me.
	On top of the camo quad was a small body, female. Faded jeans, a black wind breaker, and a silver, black, and purple helmet concealed her face. Pulling up to us horizontally, she pulled off the helmet. Soft black curls fell down the side of her face, Ametia. I didn't like her personally, but even I had to admit she was beautiful; With those high cheek bones, bow shaped mouth, dark exotic eyes, and small sloped nose. 
	Ametia smiled at Jason and gave me a sneer. At least she didn't ignore my presence. Better to know your enemy than to have a friend with a grudge.
	"Duke requests your presence Jason. Yours too Alexandra." She looked back to Jason and offers a ride. Jason said I should go with her, I couldn’t resist snorting and informed him I would rather run.
	Tying my jacket around my waist, I ran down the path without a word to either of them. Ametia buzzed past sending mud flying in her wake, I skirted the mess. If I wasn't on the receiving end of her anger, I would probably like her. It is not a good thing when you can't control your emotions.
	 I stayed on her flank a few feet back. After a few minutes I decided to kick it up a notch, and if it pissed her off at the same time even better. Picking up the pace and ran alongside the quad. She shifted gears and went faster. I smiled and followed her example, until we reached the big house.
	Ametia was spitting mad as she swung off the quad. Ripping the helmet from her head tucking it under her arm as she marched through the front door. My legs were splattered with mud, grime, and quivering with exertion. It was fabulous.
	"You have a death wish, don't you?" He asked his tone wary and confused. I smiled and laughed, patting him on the back while heading to the door. 
	Neither he nor Ametia mentioned the speed at which I was running. Maybe it was a normal for a Hero?
	Shucking off my shoes before I crossed the threshold. Duke stood waiting with towels. He raised an eye brow at my appearance but didn't say a word as he handed me a towel. With the soft cotton towel under my arm I went to the fire undoing my wet hair. Kneeling in front of the blazing fire I dried my hair and cleaned off the mud.
	"What’s going on Duke?" Jason asks from behind.
	"I believe we found another one, in fact I think Ms. Alexandra came to us at a perfect time." I turned to find Duke studying me. Jason gave us a puzzled look. Ametia walked out of the kitchen with a diet soda, at the last part. 
	"Follow me, if you please" Duke appeared distracted and walked through a door on the right of the fire place.
	The door led to a large office. A book case was on the far wall with a grand mahogany desk, two matching chairs, and a brown leather love seat under the windows on the right. Pictures scattered around some black and white old-fashioned others colored with many boys and girls in each.
	Duke went behind the desk ruffling through papers. Jason and Ametia took a seat on the sofa neither looked disturbed at the summons or Duke slightly disheveled appearance. Following their example, I sat on one of the mahogany chairs that was surprisingly comfortable. I had a bad feeling but the Fog wasn't reacting, rubbing my temples I prayed for the best.
	"Ah, here we are, Alexandra we've gotten reports of strange monster activity in the past. Monsters that usually stay dormant until they sense a hero usually a powerful hero such as yourself. The odd thing is they are scattered down the west coast then they just stop until several months later. Then one appears more specifically in St. Louis." My breathing stopped, my muscles stiffened, and my heart raced. I forced myself to relax but my mind went a hundred miles an hour.
	"Then just like the others it just vanished with no trace except some human blood found at the scene. The odd part is, there were no Heroes in most of these locations strong enough to draw in the monsters and dispatch them. Like this particular time, it was a Griffin. Those strong enough are very good at concealing their power." He finished off looking at me as though I had something to add. 
	"Is there a question in there?" I asked my voice coming off pleasingly bored. 
	Duke smiled kindly. "Were you in St. Louis in the first week of January this year?"
 I didn't like this; I didn't like this at all. "Yes."
	"Good. Then you may be in a position to help us. If you wish to." His shoulders lifted as if a great weight had been lifted.
	"Wait are you saying she drew in a Griffin when she wasn't even fully activated. I can barely sense her power now and she doesn’t even know how to conceal it." Ametia’s sharp but oddly light voice cut in. Duke and Jason looked at me curiously.
	"Yes, it seems there are many mysteries when it comes to you Alexandra."
	"Well I wouldn’t want anyone to get bored.” I gave careless shrug. 
	"How or why is not your concern Ametia. Now like I said I believe another one has been found. An extremely powerful one." Duke walked past us and pulled down a map of the United States.
	"Well that explains the storm. So, a new sibling huh?" Jason muttered and went to stand next to Duke. "So where are we headed."
	Duke looked to me. "St. Louis." 
My stomach sunk, my heart rate kick started pumping ice cold blood through my veins. I kept my face blank but I'm afraid my eyes gave away my fear. Duke knew and he was judging my reaction. This was a challenge, a test, like yesterday. Luckily if I knew one thing, it was how to pass a test. I finally found a place where things could be explained and I could finally understand what the hell was happening to me. So, I sucked it up, shoved every last ounce of emotion and locked it up, pushing away my fear in my eyes replacing it with cold determination. I pulled on my mask of cold bored indifference. I nodded to Duke and he gave me a grim smile.
“Normally this is not how we go about things. When a Hero is found we send a Retriever to find them and bring them safely to a Sanctuary. Our Retrievers are currently out in the field, that’s why Don approached you. Don is a retired Retriever, since he was close to your location we sent him. However, in this case we have no one with the training nearby and we cannot wait. Jason and Ametia are in the final stages of training to be Retrievers. To fulfill the final requirement, they must complete a retrieval. They will be sent to St. Louis. You Alexandra know the city and I believe you will be of assistance. Will you go with them and find the son or daughter of Zeus and bring them back?”
With my reluctant nod Duke gave the details. Ametia added that she lived in St. Louis and knew the city pretty well. Mostly vague details. He told us to pack and to get some sleep we were to leave at four A.M.
	As Jason and Ametia left I waited behind. “Can I talk to you Duke?”
	“Of course, what do you wish to discuss?”
	I leaned forward and picked up a blank paper and pencil off his desk. With sure practiced strokes I began to sketch. “If I go with them tomorrow, will you promise me one thing.”
	His brow furrowed. “Within reason, yes.”
	I nodded and finished my sketch. My living nightmare. I handed it over upside down. “Find out what kind of creature this is. All I know about it is that it can either transport or move very quickly.”
	“Would this have anything to do with what has happened to you over the past year?”
	I nodded. “It’s been hunting me. Following me, no matter where I go or how I hide. It’s there. It also murdered my dad.”	
With those final words I took my leave. Walking numbly to the Athena cabin and down to the room I shared with Sarah. I kicked off my tennis shoes, grabbed my bag and curled up into a ball. I pulled a sketchbook out of my bag and opened it to my favorite sketch. I ran my fingertips down the gentle pencil strokes. I didn't let any tears fall but I didn't move either. Not until Sarah came into the room and started in on about gossip on someone and something. I just nodded and grunted periodically while folding my clothes and repacking them. 
	I went to dinner with Sarah. Sitting next to her friends and tried to act like the teenage girl I was supposed to be. 
Yeah that worked out well seeming as I didn't know the first thing about being a normal teenage girl. 
	After dinner I pulled out a travel size sewing kit and some strips of leather. Emptying my pack, I turned it inside out and began sewing in the leather into little holders for the sword and its sheath. The blade of the sword fit into the pack. However, the hilt stuck out of the top. No matter that could be easily concealed.
	I wouldn’t be packing the sword on my person while in St. Louis. It was possible to carry it if properly placed but it would be more trouble than it was worth. 
I took a shower and got ready for bed. Climbed under the sheets and tried not to think about tomorrow or the next day or the day after that. I also tried not to think about the past or the lies and betrayals.                          
	Eventually I fell asleep with ghosts of my bloody past haunting my dreams.
Chapter Eight
We left the Sanctuary at four A.M. as Duke instructed. There was a sharp nip in the air as we walked and gathered at the main house. Mike drove us into town and we caught a Gray Hound at 4:30 and were on our way. I wished to fall asleep but I couldn’t, didn’t. I have only been able to sleep for short amounts of time. I watched the country fly by as Jason slumbered besides me and Ametia across the aisle. My leg bounced insistently until a male hand landed on my knee, holding it in place. 
	"You do realize that this is the first time I have left the Sanctuary since I was five. I was at healthy levels of anxiety but with your twitching I’m feeling as though were about to face the firing squad.” 
How accurate that could be. I thought to myself. With any luck we wouldn’t run into anyone familiar. Like for instance. No, no, I shut that train off right there. 
	“Why did you go to the Sanctuary at such a young age?” I ask. Needing my mind off my own issues. 
	“My mother died and Zeus, my father sent me to the Sanctuary.” He was silent for a while. “It’s my fault she’s dead. I was playing with her stuff, she told me not to but like the bratty kid I was I didn’t listen.” He gave a self-deprecating laugh. “I activated myself by reading one of her books. She was originally from Greece but moved here when she was our age. She loved reading in her native language. Our home language triggers the activation of our semi dormant Godly genes. It only took seven hours for the monsters to track us down. I hid in our wine cellar, while they ripped her to shreds.
	“I hid down there for who knows who long until Zeus showed up and took me to Duke. I was lucky, most of the Gods ignore their offspring. Zeus only visits my siblings unless they really need him. Apparently at that moment I qualified.”
	There was nothing I could really say to that.  I could give a truth of my own. "I didn't leave St. Louis on good terms and I never planned on going back. I didn't want to break this promise." I bit my lip too much truth not good never good. 
	"Promise? Who did you make that promise to?" He asked he tried to keep his curiosity under wraps, but failed miserably.   
	"It doesn’t matter now." I closed my eyes and leaned back into the hard-unforgiving chair. 
	“How come Duke didn’t send us with a phone or resources?” I ask.
	He stretched his legs out into the aisle. “The test isn’t just finding the Hero. It’s how we do it with nothing. It prepares us for the worst possibility. It also weeds out candidates that aren’t up to the demands of being a Retriever.”
	I thought it over. “You’re training to become a Retriever so that what happened to you as a kid won’t happen to anyone else, aren’t you?”
	His face hardened. People didn’t like it when they’re motivations were obvious.
	In a conversational tone I opened up. “It’s an admirable goal. Much purer than my own. My reason for breathing is simple revenge. Nothing grand or commendable. Just hatred.”
	He didn’t respond. 
	I dug into my bag and pulled out a baggie of sleeping herbs. Pinching a small amount, I placed it under my tongue. Tucking the bag back into place I got comfortable and waited for the beckoning of sleep.
*			*			*
St. Louis, MO
	I woke up to an elbow in my ribs. "Do you mind" I mumbled and turned into the seat. 
	"We're here if you’re interested?" Spoken with a biting tone. Ametia. What a lovely way to wake up. I opened an eye and sure enough we were stopped and at the bus station. St. Louis that was enough to send a painful jolt through my nervous system. I pulled up my hood and quickly stood, tossed my pack over my shoulder, and looked around we were the last on the bus. We exited the bus and formed a circle ready to form our next move.
	Jason turned to Ametia. "Do you have a place that we can stay?" He asked. 
She gave a glare at the wall. "No there isn't anyone I would trust to crash at their place." 
	Jason turned to me. I answered with a jerk of my head. Guess it was my place then. Now we only needed to get across town. I headed for the bus schedule and map, running down the routes we would need. The others waited patiently while I got my bearings. Correction Jason waited patiently; Ametia sighed every five seconds and shifted her weight constantly.
	"We’re going to need to take three buses to get close and then it's in walking distance from there." We walked across the bus terminals to the local departures. The station was filled with people from all corners of the continent. I fingered the hilt of my dagger tucked up my sleeve as I kept watch for familiar faces. Jason and Ametia were fidgety as well; all of us were on high alert, just for different reasons. 
	We waited ten minutes for the bus to arrive. Keeping my head low, we went to the middle of the bus, using Jason’s tall figure to shield me from the cameras. When we were seated I slipped out a small leather-bound notebook. 
	"What are you doing?" Jason asked shifting his body towards mine.
	Yes, Alex what are you doing? You swore you would never come back to this city. Yet here you are on your way back to the safe house. Here you are refreshing your memory on the codes and traps you laid out in that place.  
	Before opening it, I took a breath. Inside where dozens of phone numbers and addresses. I flipped to the right page. Written on it was half a dozen phone numbers, three addresses the bottom one was mine. I quickly reviewed the codes and remapped where I had set up booby traps. I don't think Ametia would be happy if her hair got blown up.
Hmm in that case maybe. Nah. 
After quickly reviewing them I shoved it away into the darkness and wouldn’t meet Jason’s questioning eyes.
*			*			*
The abandoned concrete building stood out against the overgrown wilderness. Jason and Ametia’s eyes held skepticism as they took in my old safe house. Heading to the west side of the building, I kneeled down and shoved away the out of control weeds, nicking my fingers a couple times on barbed leaves. Singing the jingle in my head, righty tighty - lefty loosely, I turned the nozzle left. I stood up and unlocked the breaker box, I flipped the appropriate switches.
	Going back to the entrance where my companions still stood. The gate was chained and padlocked, it was a dial combo. Slipping the pieces into place it popped open. Undoing the chain pushing the squeaky gate open. The concrete floor had puddles spread across the open space. Not saying a word, I ventured to the pipes and loosened the valves. Our footsteps echoed and occasionally we stepped in a puddle sending another echo through the down stairs.
	Going up and up and once again up the stair case, we reached the third floor. The hallway was long, there were series of doors on both sides of the hall. This was where the real test begins. Going to the red tape on the left side of the hall. I bent down and ran my fingers along the tape. Six inches long indicating that the door I wanted was the sixth. If an intruder opened any of the doors on this level, it would trigger a trap. Ranging from pepper spray, fire throwers, to C-4.
	When I reached the sixth door I turned to the others. "There is a high-powered explosive behind this door and if I don't disarm it properly we'll all be dead so you may want to back up."
	I dropped my pack and dug out the pliers. Standing up I took a steady breath. I punched in the code and opened the door one inch. Reaching to the top I felt for a thin transparent wire. Getting a good grip between my fingers I reached up and cut the wire behind my hand. Pushing open the door I kept the string tight. Walking forward I collected the wire when I reached the military grade claymore I carefully reached down and disarmed it.
	Dropping to my knees I took a large breath, held, and released it. "All clear" I yelled while standing Ametia and Jason joined me in the large chamber. Looking around it was exactly as I left it; the walled off bathroom at the end of the room, large windows, and a balance beam.
	Jason came up to me "I found this next to the door." He handed me a purple velvet pouch covered in dust and cobwebs. I took it and stuffed it in my jacket pocket quickly.
	"So, this is your 'safe house'." Ametia sneered and used her fingers to quote around safe house. I rolled my eyes and went to the threshold of the door. I walked against the wall going heel to toe, heel to toe thirteen times. Running my fingers against the wall at hip height, until I felt a subtle decline. Pushing the inch, the inch piece of dry wall further in. Pulling out a dagger I dug it in the crease and pushed it to the left revealing a key hole. I pulled out my key ring holding over two dozen keys. I shifted through until I found the right one, I think.
	Sure, enough it worked. There were two slight discolorations on the wall. One above my head the other at hip height. Putting my palms on each mark I shoved, the hinges clicked and disengaged. The door swung open towards me, I stepped to the side quickly. 
I turned to Ametia. "This is my safe house."
Stepping into the dark, musty, hidden room I started pulling out the clutter I had packed in here when I left. Tossing the punching bags, dummies, varies martial art practice equipment to the center of the room. I moved into the hidden room and opened the fuse box. Flipping the breakers and plugging everything in it powered up easily. The light chased away the shadows. The room looked exactly was I left it; a small kitchenette area on the left, complete with a fridge, counter space, small oven and stove, and cupboards. On the right inside wall were totes stacked up and opposite of the totes was a cot. In front of the door was the desk, it was covered by a thin trap.
I pulled off the tarp and coughed with the sudden onslaught of dust flying through the air. Next to the computer, were manila files, and rolled up maps. I grabbed the maps and a roll of duct tape, brushing past the others who were wide eyed at the hidden room. I unrolled the maps and taped them to the wall facing the windows. 
	Going back to the desk I opened the drawer and dropped the files in it before locking it shut. I dropped into the desk chair and turned on the computer. I swiveled the chair and look at the two loitering at the entrance. 
	"Yes, this is my safe house. House rules are simple; the other doors are off limits. Don't touch them, don't look at them, don't even think about them otherwise you'll lose a limb very painfully. Watch your step, I can't remember every trap I set up in this place." 
	I turned around to the computer, it was powered up typing in the password, I clicked the security icon. My security ran on its own power source and stayed on the entire time I was gone. I don't know why I left it running but I think my excuse was to protect dangerous weaponry. Which was probable considering the greeter of my apartment. Plus, who really remembers what I have packed away in those totes and crated marked military and explosives. 
	"There should be some non-perishables in the cupboard but not much we'll have to go to the store in the morning for food, cots, and sleeping bags. For now, let’s just focus on why we’re here, I hung up the map of the city-" I got up satisfied that no one got in here except the one person who knew how to evade my motion detectors. Ametia cut me off.
	"And who pray tell put you in charge?" She asked her voice nothing short of hostile, then changed her face to an angelic look and turned to Jason. "You should be in charge, you’re the oldest and I used to live here. Besides we’ve been training for years, she knows nothing about tracking." 
	I snorted and shook my head but kept quiet.
	"Alright girls, obviously getting along is out of the question, but there’s a kid out there that needs our help. So, you’re gonna suck it up until we get back to the Sanctuary and then you’re more than welcome to try and kill each other." He looked pointedly at Ametia "again." She had the decency to look chastised but still gave me a nasty look. I rolled my eyes, grabbed an erasable marker and we got to work to find the missing hero.
Chapter Nine
I got up long before the others. Making coffee in a daze, I downed a scorching hot cup before I was truly awake. With things to do I made a map showing them the way to the garage. I started fixing up the SUV I left behind. I had already put in the gas, and oil. I was almost finished rotating the tires. Rotating the tires wasn’t exactly fun but it was slightly therapeutic. And I was desperate to get away from Ametia snoring, the problem with concrete buildings was that every bloody sound echoed.
	"So, this is the garage, nice truck, oh need any help?" Jason came trotting over to where I was kneeling loosening a nut. 
	The extra strength helped. "Thanks." 
Rolling the tire to the other side of the truck. With Jason’s help the tires were quickly finished. Last thing to do was connecting the battery.
	"You have quit a few, don't you?" He asked rhetorically. I knew what he was referring to but I asked any ways.
	"Scars or tattoos?" My tank top revealed many of both. Red on red, black on black. I brushed past him and slid into the driver’s seat, and turned the ignition on. 
	"Both actually." There was a small smile in his voice. After a few tries the engine caught and turned over. "What do they mean?" He came over and leaned against the side. I looked at my right wrist where a four-leafed clover was inked and the golden dragon wrapped around my bicep. What did they mean, what did they mean to me?
	I sighed and leaned back, "honestly they mean loyalty. For me they were just a means to an end." Hopping out I went to the garage door, unlocking it and opening it. "You should go wake up Ametia and get ready to go, I'll be here." I said with my back to him, I heard his footsteps recede and get quieter by the second.
	The morning was foggy and chilly but it was a beautiful autumn morning. Last time I was here it was snowing. The only way to stay warm was- I cut off that train of thought. Who said time heals all wounds, well let’s just say he or she wouldn’t want to be in my reach any time soon or never.
	Sliding back into the leather interior, I opened the glove box pulling out the wallet and registration. I quickly went over the name and birthday, making sure the name was the same on the registration and driver license. 'May Winters' just a little humor from Mikael. I wondered what happened to the sweet old man.
	"So, are we leaving or not, I'm starving?" A biting voice asked, I sighed. Why the hell did I agree to come here for who knows how long with her. 
	"Get in, we'll get breakfast, then get supplies and work on our little man hunt." Ametia hopped in the back and Jason in the passenger seat. Not bothering to buckle my seat belt I backed out, when the vehicle was clear I got out too close and lock out the garage. Getting back in the car Ametia was already complaining about how uncomfortable the cot was, I bit back a remark.
	After getting gas at the small station my brain went on autopilot. Before I realized it, I was pulling up the drive of the little diner I had grown fond of the last time I was here. The others got out, Ametia not bothering to wait as she strode up to the entrance. My fingers were slow as they worked on unbuckling the seat belt. A resemblance of my mind slow and foggy, and in a complete daze. I pulled on my mask of indifference, I pulled into my skin, filling my blood, my mind, my muscles, my nerves they all pulled together to work cohesively. 
	Ametia had already procured a booth on the right side last booth in the row. How appropriate, the Fates, the Gods or whoever, had a wicked sense of humor and how much I would relish the opportunity to wrap my fingers around their throats. 
It could be worse though, no. I shoved that thought away no need to tempt fate, again. I slid into the booth facing the door out of habit.
	I pulled out the file Duke gave us on the hero we were tracking. Only thing in it were probable times of the storm formations and location. "Is part of your test being able to find someone with no information?”
	“Yes. Its stimulates the worst scenario.” Jason explains.
	"I have a contact that can get us what we need so we can accomplish the reason why we’re here." I pulled out the burner phone I picked up at the gas station, and dialed one of the numbers on the paper I kept about the city.
	Luck was with me the number wasn't disconnected. It did go to voicemail, not surprising he was almost as paranoid as me.
	"It’s me, I'm back in town and I have a job for you. Call me back, and keep this quiet." I didn't even bother with the or else, Isaac knew to imply that on any and all of our conversations. I didn't bother looking at my companions to know what their expressions held. I ordered my usual pancakes, omelet, side of bacon, a large orange juice, and a coffee.
*			*			*
We just got back from the supply run and there was a slight problem at the safe house. There was a city vehicle parked in front of the chained doors. I parked on the side of the driveway.
	"Stay here." I gave them a warning look before I stepped out of the SUV. Striding up to the pickup I looked for the driver.
	"This is private property." A rusty voice called out, coming around the building. A short, squat, bald man came up to see me, his eyes widening when he saw me.
	"I'm aware, I own this property. Why are you here?" 
He rubbed his beard. “There was a power spike here last night for the first time in months. City sent me out here to check on the place." 
I nodded and smiled politely. "Yes. I got back yesterday from an extended vacation." 
He nodded and smiled back revealing a missing incisor.
	"Everything looks good here, but you should start paying the power bill immediately before a nice girl such as yourself hefty fine." My smile widened and I looked down.
	I peered up from underneath my eye lashes. "Thank you for your help I do hope you have a nice day." I lightly flirted.
	I watched him get back in his truck and drive away. My smile faded into nothing when the truck disappeared. Unlocking the garage that was hidden around the corner. I parked in the space and began unloading.
	"What was that all about?" A barely controlled voice asked, Jason. My steps didn't falter.
	"Nothing more than an inconvenience. I took care of it." Footsteps followed me.
	"You are a real life mystery you know that. You show up looking like hell and fighting like there’s a beast inside fighting to get out. You have a past you won’t say a word about, but it’s obviously haunting you in this city and with every step."
	Alright if he didn't shut up I don't know what I am going to do. My instinct started to rise up as if to comfort me and help me regain control. 
	"Like I said earlier we all have our secrets, so save yourself the headache and don't try to figure me out." I still remembered and I would never forget it, bad things happen to people who get curious.
*			*			*
	It took a few hours to have everything arranged so the three of us weren’t tripping over each other. I had my cot shoved up against the large windows that faced the east. Maybe it was the blood rushing to my head from hanging upside down for the past twenty minutes, but I missed this place it was mine. A phone rang and no one else had one. It was Isaac. Pulling myself up I dropped gracefully to the ground. Answering it on the last ring.
	"Hello." I knew what was coming.
	There was a deep chuckle sounded through the line was deeper than I remembered, not surprising.
	"I couldn’t believe it, when I got your message. How exactly did you grow a set large enough to come back here?” Laughter and disbelief heavy in his voice.
I growled under my breath. "Do you want the job or not?" My voice deep and rough, I braced myself against the wall.
	"Alright, I'll do it if only to get you out of here as soon as possible. Meet me at the Java Hava day after tomorrow, say around eight A.M. You know what to bring." I groaned so many hours to do what? Absolutely nothing except make more friends in this damn city.
	"This is a rush job. It needs to happen as soon as possible." I said firmly but not too harsh. 
	"Tsk, tsk, tsk. You know me kitty Cat I'm a very busy boy I will get to you as soon as possible and the day after tomorrow is as soon as possible." He said with an underlying tone that I couldn't quite pin point.
	"Don't call me that." I growled into the phone before my brain caught up with my mouth. I clenched my jaw. "Fine I'll see you then. Still a girl’s best friend then?" I asked with a chuckle, pushing off the tension and anger.
	"You know me so well, see you soon." He hung up.
	"Who was that? Your mysterious boyfriend?" Asked a sharp darkly amused voice. My spine stiffened my fingers clenched into a fist.
	"Don’t you think it's just the littlest bit stupid to anger someone who can obviously beat you in a fight and knows your dirty little secret." I angled my head to take her in from head to toe.
	"Hey guys what’s going on here?" Jason interrupted our little stand off his voice cheery but his eyes and stance wary. I raised an eyebrow at Ametia, who gave me a glare. If looks could kill I would be burning in Hades.
	"Nothing, just having a little chat" Ametia changed her look into a sweet angelic smile and turned around.
	"That was my contact. I'm meeting him day after tomorrow. In the mean time I need to get a few more things.”
	Jason ran his fingers through his hair we left the room and studied the map that was marked with the locations and times. "The attacks are within a three-mile radius from 11 pm to 3 am why would someone our age or younger be here that late?" He looked at me in question, Ametia gave an outraged huff. 
	"Warehouse district is also known as party district. Underground clubs, illegal gambling, and fighting rings and a couple other illegal places and of course the legal uses."
	Jason nodded his face tight with worry; it must be hard worrying about a supposed sibling he has never meet. I was still shocked about the news of half siblings. My feelings about the God’s and my supposed mother didn't matter now or ever.
	"Alright we will do that tonight and the next couple of nights. Alex what else do you need?" He shrugged on a hoddie, Ametia and I followed suit, I grabbed the car keys.
	"Something that I can't get at Costco, while were out I know a good Chinese restaurant nearby."
Chapter Ten
	"Funny, a good Chinese restaurant, in China town. How original." While parking I ignored the sarcastic voice. I parked a side street a couple blocks from the restaurant. Getting out I took a look around, it looked exactly the same. If I closed my eyes and breathed in deep I could almost fool myself into believing that I was back where I grew up.
	Locking the truck, we began to weave between people, carts, and stray animals. It was a partially cloudy day and currently the sun was shining down with a breeze that came off the river, it was beautiful here and so lonely. The restaurant I was taking them to was my favorite restaurant in the country and the best authentic Chinese I've had since I crossed the ocean.
	The room was painted a deep red. Pictures, charms, and varies dragon masks littered the wall each to tell a story. The tables were raw and the wood was Golden Larch a wood that was native to the Yangtze River Valley in southern China. Gold and deep green hues were found on the chairs and folded linen napkins. The Chong family was doing very well for its self that was good to hear, they were very sweet and welcoming. 	
	The youngest daughter that I had seen running around here before seated us. She didn't recognize me but that wasn't a complete shock. She scampered off after she got our drink order.
	I reclined in the seat and released a breath, relaxing my muscles and mind. I breathed in deep it was almost right so close to home but it wasn't right. It would never be right. 
Knock it off, you’re never going home again, you will never feel safe or loved again. So, stop torturing yourself, I yelled at myself. You can't keep doing this, it's this city, it's messing with your head. 
	Find Jason’s sibling and go back to the Sanctuary in and out no one will know I'm here except Isaac. For ten thousand dollars in diamonds (and that was just the hush money) he won’t tell a soul.
	A short Asian man came out from the double doors that lead to the kitchen. He had a full head of dark hair that was graying at the edges. Chong Kenji second generation immigrant and a fantastic chef when it came to authentic Chinese food.
	"Katerina, I always expected to see you again." Kenji said thickly a hand came from behind and moved him to the side. Jingfei, she waved a hand thumping him on the chest.
	"Oh, you were the one to believe she would return?" She questioned her husband; he in return looked fondly at her. I smiled softly at their playful banter and rose from my chair. I embraced them both and she pulled me to the side, quietly I requested my order for Grandma Jama. Before I could join my companions, she grasped my arm and pulled me down to whisper in my ear.
	I numbly sat through several courses of egg rolls, dumpling, BBQ pork, Hunan chicken and General Tso’s chicken. Lunch ended, paying the bill we left.
	We walked down the street to a familiar herb shop. Standing behind the counter was Grandma Jama she gave me a warm smile, she came around and pulled me into a bear hug. Standing at four feet ten inches and in her early seventies she was surprisingly strong. I got wrapped up in her warm cinnamon scent and warm hug, she held on to me for another minute before she started laying into me, hard.
	She ran around the room scooping up herbs I had asked for, all while yelling at me in Cantonese. 
	I crossed my arms while she berated me about my choices, up until I had enough. "What would you have me do, he almost died. He was dead for almost four minutes. What am I supposed to do with that?" I asked in Cantonese.  Jama paused looked at me then looked down.
	"I would have fought; I would have fought for love. Yet you found someone who made you happy, then a little mountain pops up, and you run."
	I clenched my fist and took deep breaths to cool my anger. "A little mountain, a little mountain." Breathe. Breathe. Ah screw it. Wait the reminder of our audience.
	I turned around "do you mind? There is a candy shop around the block." I waited until the door was shut before turning back to Jama.
	"He was dead for three minutes and forty-nine seconds. I felt his heart stop beating under my fingers. How can I fight a ghost, I don't know who is murdering these people? I don't know who is killing the people I love. So how could I live with myself, I can barely live with myself now."
	Grandma shook her head and finished packing up my supplies. "You do what you deem necessary you’re a grown woman I cannot make your decisions for you. I can say this though; your father did not raise a coward."
	“Well, father isn’t here, is he Grandma?”
	I was raised in a remote secluded village deep in the mountain of China. In a village I still think of a second home, after the one in Montana that was now nothing more than char and ash. Funny thing was, that village had been decimated over a year ago. Children I was raised with dead. Jama wasn’t my biological grandmother but she helped my dad raise me from the time before I could walk and until we left China when I was seven. Grandma moved here two years ago, with her only daughter. Not even a year before the slaughter of our village. 
	We spoke no more as she gathered my supplies. I paid, hugging her tight I said my goodbyes, and left the store. 
	I breathed deeply and held on to it until I got to the candy shop I sent Ametia and Jason. Before looking in I leaned against the brick wall and went through my breathing exercises. I slowly rebuilt my wall, my cold facade that I desperately needed stronger than ever. Once the last of the bricks were laid and everything that was running free in my chest was back under control. I went into the shop. 
	"Find anything good?" I asked watching their noses leave imprints on the glass as they pulled away and looked at me.
	Ametia nodded with real enthusiasm and started pointing at various treats for the man to pack up. Apparently, she didn't hate me when faced with the promise of free chocolate. After she was done ordering and I paid. We left the shop. Jason and I took the lead heading for the car while Ametia walked behind us. She was too busy eating those sweets than to keep up. During this brief moment alone Jason ambushed me.
	Jason looked at me with kindness and curiosity, and I hated it. "So, you know the herb lady and the restaurant people pretty well then." It wasn't a question it was the beginning of an interrogation and a migraine.
	"I like Chinese food and they have good food, it was only natural that I come to know them." Secrecy was imperative to my survival and to the survival of those who were connected to me.   
	"That is quite the evasion" he said. With that the conversation was over. We all piled into the SUV and I drove us home. When we got back we gathered around the city map and started making a timeline.
	"We located the start of the storms here in the warehouse district. The first storm that we know of is estimated to have started at 1:43 am. The second at 3:13 am." Jason read the file and I pressed a thumb tack in the heart of the warehouse district.
	"Can you explain why the storm was at the Sanctuary, how it started, or how this power works." I stumbled through my question not really knowing how to phrase it. Jason stifled a smile; Ametia on the other hand didn't bother to disguise her laugh.
	"It's a reasonable question." Jason said either to me or Ametia, possibly both. "The cumulus the beginning of a storm, it forms where the creator is. Now depending on if s/he's emotions the storm can build, start, and dissipate in the same area. The storms we received the emotions were desperate almost as if it was trying to get help. In this case then the cumulus would form where the creator is then start traveling and building up until it reached its destination, like the Sanctuary. That is why there was a time delay between when it started and when it reached us. Does that clarify things?" He asked I nodded in response. That did answer my question.
	I put together what I now knew and understood. "We'll have a better chance of finding him/her if we know exactly where s/he was. My contact will get us the police reports and that could lead us right to her/him." I said while watching the map, trying to find a pattern that wasn't yet been revealed.
	"What makes you think the police reports will reveal anything that is connected to our hero?" Ametia asked around a mouth full lotus seeds. 
	I sighed. "It's more of a hunch than anything else. Last time I was here the cops were paying extra special attention to this area. I'm thinking that they'll still be there and hopefully they've seen something to help. I'll also check weather reports see if any storms pop up out of nowhere. We won't know for certain if any storm is caused by him/her but we could get a general idea of how often they appear and maybe where outside of this area." I explained while mentally calculating where I would need to check for weather reports. That would be a long list.
	Jason nodded his head. "That sounds good, you get on that."
	I gave a salute. "Aye, aye captain." I said with a smirk and went to start that.
	Before I fully crossed the room, I stopped in my tracks. Turning around “Jason when we’re activated do we become more powerful or do we simply no longer have a shield around our Godly essence?”
	He stopped and stared, understanding and horror dawning on his face. “Both. What shields us from monsters also limits our abilities.” I nodded our thoughts coming to the same conclusion. If this Hero wasn’t activated yet and this was the current strength to their abilities. What would they be capable of fully activated?
*			*			*
	Four hours later footsteps sounded up behind me, the pattern and rhythm belonging to Jason. He leaned over my shoulder. "How's the search going?" He sounded tired and stressed.
	I rubbed my eyes; my vision had gone fuzzy over an hour ago. "Good for what it is. I'm running an algorithm in NOAA and a few other weather sites. The algorithm hunts under key points like; unexpected, extreme, moving, things like that then when it finishes running I'll manually go through the results and see we got." I explained while staring across the room, waiting for my eyes to stop burning.
	"Algorithms? How do you know things like that? If you know all this computer stuff, why can't you get the police files yourself?" He asked moving in closer to sit on the desk.
	Sighing. "My Dad insisted I know basically anything that could help me survive, including basic hacking. Hacking into a police department server. No, their firewalls can chew up and spit out anything I can send at it. That level of intricacy is way beyond anything I can even think about touching. That is why I called Isaac he is a master hacker." I mutter sourly.
	He smiled slightly. "I take it you aren't a fan of this Isaac?" 
	I bared my teeth. "He is a narcissistic, egotistical, jack ass." 
	Jason laughed. "He sounds like a real charmer." I shook my head, with a small laugh.
	"He is something alright." I mumbled. Jason sighed.
	"Alright I'll let you get back to that. Just don't forget to sleep tonight." I raised my head and quirked my brow.
	He shrugged. "You seem the type not to sleep until something is finished. We need you not to be completely run into the ground." I narrowed my eyes slightly and he raised his hands in surrender. "I guess that means I'm making coffee in the morning then." 
Good thing we got two bags of coffee at Costco this morning. I shook my head.
	"Enjoy your research." He said with a few ounces of sarcasm. I growled under my breath and did indeed got back to work.
*			*			*
	
Jason was right about one thing but wrong about another. He was right that I didn't sleep much until I saw something through. What he didn't realize was I have been waiting for answers for over seventeen months and in those months, I had not slept very much. So last night was like no other. I got maybe three or four hours of shut eye. Until dawn broke.
	The thing Jason was wrong about though was I was the first one up and that entailed making the coffee. The rich aroma danced and swirled around the large room tempting the others to wake up.
	The morning light cascaded through the floor to ceiling windows. I leaned against the wall and watched the sun rays peek through the clouds and share its warmth with us. I also contemplated the events due to transpire today. I sighed luckily Ametia was still asleep in the smaller room, and that was enough reason not to start digging for the clothing I would need.
	Eventually Jason rolled out of his cot on the other side of the room and followed his nose right to the coffee. He came out a moment later; his hair was completely out of whack with points of hair going every direction. His face was soft and had pillow lines imprinted on his cheek. If I had to admit it, I would say he looked deliciously sleepy. He stretched giving my poor eyes a show of flexing muscle.
	Ugh these female hormones were going to be the death of me. And my sanity. Alright Alex, time to put your tongue back in your mouth and not think about the opposite sex. Especially the opposite sex you’re basically shaking up with. Especially with the girl who is quite literally homicidally territorial about said male. After that little chat with myself I could tear my eyes away from his chiseled torso.
	He joined me at my view of the sun. "You’re up early." He said with a ruff sleepy voice. 
	Now was a good time as any-time to inform him of my plans. "Later this morning I have an appointment. You and Ametia can't come." Probably best to rip the band aid off quickly. 
	Jason's head whipped to look at me. "Why couldn't I or Ametia come? Is that safe? What kind of appointment?" The questions came out like rapid fire. Hitting me with one and before I could think another one came.
	"The kind of appointment that is private. So yes, I am going alone. I will be perfectly fine. I have survived for over a year on my own." 
	He narrowed his eyes at me. "That was then, this is now. I am responsible for you, for your safety." I almost had to smile at that. I patted him on the shoulder. Ametia yawned and stumbled out of the other room heading to the bathroom. 
	I gave him a tight smile. "Time to get ready."
	I dug through a tote that contained clothes until I found the right articles of clothing. After Ametia freed the bathroom, I changed. I smoothed down the silk blouse and pulled the wrinkles out of the dress pants. Ran a brush through my hair. It has been a while since I wore clothes like this. Or these exact clothes. 
	I topped off my coffee before leaving. Jason stood in the door way still in his pajamas which consisted of; a white t-shirt and checkered pajama pants. I sighed through my nose I did not have the time to deal with this.
	"It's not safe to leave and be by yourself." He said firmly. He was still planted in the door way. And still in my way.
	"Jason, do you want to save your sibling?" I asked calmly. 
	He nodded. 
	"Where I am going is prudent to finding your sibling. I am not someone who needs to be coddled or protected. I haven't been that kind of girl for a while now. So, get out of my way." My voice hardened at the end. His eyes slightly widened, he looked into my eyes and saw that I spoke the truth. He moved to the side and let me pass.
	"Be safe." He said quietly. I squeezed his shoulder and left.
	I drove through downtown, then circled the block that held the bank I was heading to. Eventually I found a parking space. Feeding the meter, I walked up the sidewalk to the entrance. The steel door had no handle but installed in the wall next to the door was a screen. Placing my hand in the middle of the screen a light scanned my hand print and a green light glowed and the door opened.
	I walked through the door, the bright florescent lights burned my eyes. "Welcome back Ms. Winters." Said a low, polite, and British accented voice.
	I gave a small smile. "Mr. Richards how have you been?" I asked kindly and politely. Mr. Richards was the manager at this bank. On the edge of fifty he already had thinning hair, and what was left of it was graying. 
	"I am very well, thank you for asking. How have you faired?" He walked with me to the check in counter.
	"I have been doing very well, thank you." I said while handing him my driver’s license and signing in. 
	"Are you here for your safety deposit box?" He asked it was more of a formality than an actual question. This branch of the bank only handled the boxes. "We are all set here, I will take you back to the vault. I presume you will be wanting a private room with your box." I nodded that is exactly what I wanted.
	This bank was extremely private, the employees were known for their discretion and it was also known to be impregnable. Their security was off the charts which was why I chose it. With most banks the main issue was to get into the vault but after that the deposit boxes were easy pickings. Here the entire building was an issue including the boxes themselves.
	He walked me into the vault, and down to where my box was stored. Rather than being a key lock this box and the others had fingerprint locks. I placed my pointer finger on the scanner and Mr. Richards did his pinky finger. With another green light of acceptance Mr. Richards opened the door and slid my box out. He led me to a private room so I could go through it.
	"Please let me know when you are finished Ms. Winter's." With that he left. I opened it and it was exactly as I left it except. 
	"No. No. No. No." I muttered and shoved around the contents as if it was hiding.
	In the box was the four hundred thousand dollars and one hundred thousand dollars’ worth of diamonds I had left. What I was really concerned about was gone though. The sword that murdered my father. It was gone!
	


Chapter Eleven
No, no, no! Nowhere is it? Damn it, damn it. NO! Vibrated through my skull. Echoing and repeating, over and over again. A sob chocked in my throat. That was my best link, my only link back to my father's killer. 
Only one person knew what I kept here. No. Wait this is Nathan we're talking about here. He knew what it... No, he would never do anything like this me to me. That was before, who knows what it was like after. Another sob begged to be let loose. I couldn’t deal with this, not now. I filed everything away in a box so I could deal with it later. Or never and let it blow up in my face another time.
	I took sixty thousand dollars in cash and thirty thousand dollars’ worth of diamonds. I wrapped the diamonds up in one of my shirts and stuffed it down in my bag, did the same with some of the cash. I folded up most of the cash and stashed it all over my body. I smoothed my clothes down, wiped under my eyes, and cooled off my emotions. I closed up the box and placed it under my arm and left the private room.
	"Mr. Richards, I am finished." I called, after a few moments he came around the corner.
	"Ah, Ms. Winters I am so happy we could assist you today." He said with his British lilt. "May I?" He asked indicating for the box I handed it over and walked with him back into the vault. "Is there anything we can do for you today?" He said with a smile.
	"No. Thank you that is all I required." I walked back to where I signed in and signed out. With that I walked out of the bank and back to my car. I drove straight to Nathan's place without any real coherent thought. I parked in my old spot and tried not to run straight there and start pounding on his door. 
No, you need to think this through and methodically. You can't just go running around with your head cut off. Think dammit, use your brain, not your heart.
	 I pivoted on my heel and swung around time to go back to the past. I located the fire escape the ladder was fifteen feet above the ground. From there it went straight up to his floor and into his dining room window. I checked for cameras, there were none. 
Well that's not really safe Nathan. I thought, who knows there might be a crazy, lunatic, ex-girlfriend on the loose, who's going back to her old ways.
	 I looked around the coast was clear. I walked back thirty yards sprinted, twenty feet in I lowered myself down and started front flips for the rest of the way. On the last flip I gave it more spring in my ankles and the palm of my hands connected with the iron bars of ladder. I hauled myself up the ladder. He lived on the third floor and this took me right where I wanted. 
	When I was right outside the window all I had to do was jimmy the lock and disable the alarm. 
Alex what are you doing? This isn't right, you were supposed to stay away, not run right to him. Duke can figure this out without the sword he has the drawing. 
One voice wanted to stop and go back to Jason and Ametia and no longer cause Nathan anymore pain. The other one, she wanted that sword she wanted to know who murdered her father. She didn't care who she hurt to satisfy that blood lust.
	There was one more voice, a voice that had been quieted ten months ago. Forget the stupid sword. Just go to him, go to him! Not that cursed piece of metal. Go to the man that held you when you cried, who took care of you when you were injured. Go to the man that made you laugh for the first time since Dad died. The one who loved you when you were a scrape of a human being, who accepted the strange deadly girl that threatened to kill him more than once; He still came back and actually cared and listened to what you said and didn't take your thoughts and words for granted. He wanted nothing more than who you were and not how your 'special skill set' could help achieve dark nasty matters. Go to him!  The once quiet voice demanded. Louder, stronger, and more compelling than ever.
	I twisted around and ran right back the way I came. I climbed down the ladder and fell the fifteen-foot drop. I straightened up and headed back to the car. Starting the process of forgetting my momentary lapse of control and sanity. 
	I drove back to my place. I sat in front of the garage door, collecting my scattered thoughts. I should have never come back here. I slammed my hand on the side of the wheel. Control Alex! I demanded. I did some of my breathing exercises and regained my head.
	I parked the car in its resting place. I went up to the room to find Jason and Ametia putting my sparring equipment to use. They fought with bamboo sticks designed for Kali a Filipino martial art. Except they were using the sticks as they would for their sparring style and not the way they were intended. I breathed through my nose and shoved the aggravation away. 
	I watched the way they moved, back and forth, an elegant dance. Except for Ametia, whenever Jason got into defenses and gave her a little slap with the bamboo her eyes filled with rage. That was her downfall. Her anger got in the way of her head. Which caused her to lash out rather than think methodically to win the match. 
	Jason on the other hand was working on what I told him to. He was fighting as though Ametia was better than him. He was trying to win, rather than expecting to. He still needed to be challenged though. What he was doing now as good a step forward he was changing his mindset, but without that challenge his skills wouldn't improve. Without a stronger opponent, Jason would know deep down that he would win. 
	I grabbed a change of clothes and changed in the bathroom. Tugging my hair into a French braid I watched as they finished up. Jason once more got into her defenses and slapped the inside of her thigh with enough power that even I cringed. That would leave a fierce bruise. She dropped to her knees, well one knee her other leg gave out. 
	"Damnit Jason, you did that on purpose!" She exclaimed and stared at him with a fiery glare. 
	"We're sparring, accidents happen." He said nonchalantly. That only infuriated her.
	I debated about stepping in on this little lover’s tiff but decided against it. I went into the other room and started writing instructions for Isaac and put together his payment. I placed it all in an envelope and sealed it. Everything was now ready for my meeting with him tomorrow morning. 
	Checking my program for weather anomalies I found the program had spit out a dozen new results since this morning. Some of the dates ranged back to six years ago. The furthest back I had seen was six years and five months ago. The storm devastated St. Louis it had raged on for days, the power was out all over the city for over a week. Clean up had taken over a month to complete. The lives lost and injured were higher than I could bear to think of. I turned off the monitor. If this Hero wasn’t activated and already had the power to do that. Gods save us. 
	To get those articles off of my mind I decided to do my own practice. I picked up a spare set of bamboo and went to the practice dummy. Lowering myself into a fighting stance I started. 
	The dummy wasn't your average punching bag. In fact, the two were nothing alike. This was made up of wood. The center of it were several round blocks and they could move when you hit them. On each of the blocks were wood spikes these acted as an opponent. When you attacked the spikes moved as an opponent would. Then you would defend and attack. The only problem was there was no human element.
	When fighting with a person they had tells, they weakened. Fighting pieces of wood on the other hand was just what it was. I fought the Kali stand was I would anything. I fought with everything I had, moving as though the bamboo was a part of my body an extension of my arms, they were my arms in fact. I twisted and dodged, imagining my opponents body moving in, slicing the air above me, around, and below. 
	After what felt like an hour I stepped back from the Kali dummy and placed the bamboo in their bin. I wiped the sweat from my brow on to the back of my wrist and adjusted my eyes to long range sight. Jason leaned against the wall watching. How long had he been watching? I grabbed a towel and wiped off the sweat from my face and neck. 
	"Are we all ready for tomorrow?" Jason asked. He watched me so closely it began to unnerve me. He watched me like someone else used to. That was not a good thing. 
	"Everything is set up and ready to go. With the program you gave me, courtesy of Duke, I tracked down the beginning of the storm cycles that I found and now know the locations. Isaac will get us police reports for the time and location and hopefully something will turn up so we can have an area to canvas besides the warehouse district. I'm thinking tonight we begin watching the area." I moved to the balance beam. 
	 The beam was lifted four feet. Next to it was a stand that held and black strip of cloth. I picked up the cloth and replaced it with the towel slung around my neck.
	I placed myself six feet from the spring board before securing the blind fold. Taking a breath, I ran, flipped my hands pressing against the springs launching me into the air. I landed on the balance beam with ease, my toes wrapped around the edges of the beam without thought. My arms lifted above my head. With two strides and a two touch flips I landed on the balls of my feet. I smiled of pure joy, I missed this.
	Lifting my arms and arched my back. Measuring with my toes to the back of the beam to see how much room was left, two inches.  With one stride and an air borne flip, I landed in the middle of the beam. Correcting my balance, I cartwheeled the end of the beam. With my arms still raised I breathed and got ready for the next sequence. 
	I straight jumped and landed right back to where I was. I bent back until my hands were firmly on the beam then brought my legs up into a handstand. Then I did a hand stand split. One leg reached the beam and the rest of me followed it. I had about thirteen feet of beam in front of me to work with. I flipped the end of it then performed a round off back tuck dismount. Not the hardest dismount or routine in the world or one I've done before but it suited my needs. 
	Before I pulled of the blind fold I felt a heavy penetrating glare. I had a feeling of why she was glaring at me like that. The same reason why she hated me. Jason. Apparently doing gymnastics had not been the wisest choice, I gathered when I saw Jason. Who was still watching me with those eagle eyes. 
	I turned away from them both, put the blindfold back, took towel, and wrapped it around my neck. Hopefully by ignoring it and pretending to be oblivious so Ametia might not kill me in my sleep.
	Jason looked at me with a thoughtful expression. "Now that you’re not cheating, how about we go another round?" He asked with a playful look. 
	I gave him a smirk. “You sure you can handle it?" I inquired. Then cocked my head to Ametia and gave them both a devilish smile.
	Half an hour later I found myself blindfolded, playing a deadly game with jealous rage and the desperate need to improve and get back to social standing. A two-to-one sparring match really made my muscles sing and remember the days of training with my father and various Sensei’s. Ametia was wild with rage, and me being the masochist I am I proceeded to taunt her.
	"Really Ametia? That was weak. Who here is blind in this fight?" I marveled as I side stepped her approach and swung into an attack on Jason. I gained my way into his defenses and swung a killing blow, throwing him out of the fight. Leaving me to deal with a snarling Ametia. 
	Briefly I wondered if she only carried; red, hot, and wild anger rather than a peaking point of cold, clear, rage. Once more I gave a taunt with my make shift practice sword. Dragging the edge against her 'sword' and giving her a light touch on random parts of her body. 
	I played with her like a cat would with a mouse. Maybe it wasn't nice, to be honest it wasn't. I needed to know. If I was going to be working with her I needed to know how she would react. For some things I wouldn't know her reactions unless in the right circumstances and with the right people. For now, her dislike edging hatred of me would have to suffice.
	As I observed earlier she let her emotions guide with movements, her decisions. This was a deadly mixture, just watching her for a few minutes. No just fighting her for a few minutes told a story of how exactly to defeat her; A story anyone listening could hear. 
	I slowed my motions and felt for her movement, I pushed my senses to the brink to 'watch her' to 'feel for her'. 
"Your rushing." I explained to her. "When you rush you lose control. You need every drop of control you have." I ducked backwards as I felt the air shift. With a 'whoosh' her sword sliced through the air that my head once occupied.
	"You’re not thinking, no correct that you are thinking. You’re thinking far too much. You need turn down your brain, turn off your emotions, and turn up your reflexes. Your reflexes would save your life or at least your pride if you let them." I twirled away from a lunge and retaliated with slap to her calves. 
	"You are fueled by pride, hatred, and anger. If you knew how to channel these properly you would have no problems. You don't, you're unrestrained, you're untamed, and if you don't learn how to rein in that temper of yours." With that I unleashed myself. With a kick to her inner thigh, knocking her off-balance. I rammed into her and shoved her into the wall, while holding the 'sword' to her throat.
	"You'll get us all killed!" I snarled. Whipping off the blindfold I backed away. I retreated back to the kitchen/office/bedroom and checked what the algorithm had spit out recently. Unfortunately, no new hits popped up.
	I reclined back in the chair and let my eyes rest for a moment. In the background I heard the shower spray and toneless humming follow. The shuffle of feet coming up from behind. 
	"You should go easier on her. She's had a hard-enough life without you laying into her." Jason stated quietly. I cracked an eye. 
	"We all have hard lives. All of them are incomparable to everyone else’s." I remarked. "I'm going to sound like a heartless bitch for saying this but. I don't care. The way she fights" I shook my head in sorrow. "I don't know if you can feel what I do when we spare. If you do, do you comprehend what it actually is?" I turned around and watched him with sad eyes.
	"Years ago, I met and sparred if someone like her. What you can learn from a simple fight is astronomical. What I learned from him was incomprehensible. What I saw that summer terrified me to my core. I think your smart enough to realize not much terrifies me. Scares me, sends me into shock yes. Terrifies that's, that's something else entirely. I will never forget or see the world the same way because of him.
	"I might not know her story. I don't have to, to know how to help her. I can help her but how she regards me puts me in a position that's both a blessing and a hindrance. You might not believe me, and I don't care if you do. You might not see what I do at all. If I continue with what I'm planning, you'll see her become a better fighter. Then at least you might have some real competition back at the Sanctuary." I tried to end on a happy note so he wouldn't focus on what I said. He judging by his furrowed brow. I didn't succeed.
	"What happened?" As all he asked and it was enough to flash me back five years ago. A sight I had been holding off until then.


Chapter Twelve
Dad and I had just stepped off the escalator that brought us to the entrance and exit and to the baggage for our terminal. The dry heat of Israel snuck through the bodies coming and going through the automatic doors. That's when I really appreciated the light layers of clothing I wore. I hefted my pack higher on my shoulder as Dad surveyed the room looking for his friend Gavril.
Here we were again. In another slightly uncomfortable climate ready to learn another fighting style. I was slightly put out about not spending summers my way; which meant books, TV, and almost endless sleepovers at friends. Tradition was tradition however, and I did love the power of control I had over my body and environment that I gained from these summer trips for the last two years. Before that we lived permanently in uncomfortable climates. The muggy heat of China and Japan, now that was a sacrifice.
	We drifted farther into the crowd, still searching and scanning. While Dad was scanning for his friend I was listening for languages. Mostly Hebrew, no surprise there. There was a trickle of English, and a hint of German. I tilted my head in the German direction. 
	There was a young German couple standing at the information center. With their noses in German to Hebrew translation books. They were trying to get directions to a rental car service. From a particularly vulgar curse word the woman dropped, they had been standing there for a while. 
	I muffled a giggle at the woman’s language as she continued to drop the German equivalent of the 'F-Bomb'. From Dads side way glance out of the corner of his eye, my attempt to silence my laughter failed. He knew what I was up to. He was well aware that I had a pension to "eavesdrop" on conversation spoken in foreign tongue. 	
	With a yelp of relief, he pulled me away from my fun and directed me to a man I presumed to be Gavril. Gavril looked to be in his early to mid-forties probably a couple years older than Dad. If I only knew one thing, it would be identifying a fighter when I saw one. Gavril was most certainly a fighter. 
	Well-toned and muscular, Gavril carried himself with certainty and precision. Something many fighters had in common. He had dark hair and barely a hair of gray and a bronze complexion. With dark eyes that matched his hair and in combination of his skills. He was most certainly Mossad. 
	Dad didn't straight out say who he was. This was Israel. 
	They walked up to each other and with a hug/pat on the back. They started to speak quickly in Hebrew before switching to English for my benefit. Not for long I thought smugly. Besides picking up fighting styles on these amazing trips. I also had a tendency to pick up the native language. 
	"So, this is her?" He asked rhetorically. "After all these years we finally meet. It is an honor. Your father has been singing in your praises since the day you were born." His English was probably better than mine, and his accent was immaculate. Defiantly Mossad. 
	"The honor is all mine Mr. Gavril." I promised in Hebrew. He raised an eye brow at me, looked to my father and back to me.
	"How long have you been practicing that? Your accent is very good but needs work. Your teacher must have spent some time here in God's Country." He reported. 
	Dad gave a frown and told his old friend. "Don't encourage her." He warned.
	I decided to join back into the conversation with a grin. "I didn't." I stated shortly, then expanded my statement. "Practice I mean. I don't have a teacher, besides the people here." I waved around the place and all the introductions and reunions going on in Hebrew.
	He smiled at me. "Really, is that so?" He looked to Dad for reaffirmation and with a nod, his smile grew. "Well I can tell you this if you ever want a job this country could use your skills." My grin got bigger. Called it I sang to myself Mossad. 
	He took my bag and slung an arm around my shoulders and lead outside. "You have so much to see here. You know what they say everything is better in Israel. So, reintroductions are required for everything from food to shopping to beaches, not to mention fighting." Dad groaned from behind, I turned and stuck my tongue out at him. 
*			*			*
	The Dojo smelled like blood, sweat, and determination. I loved its fragrance that all Dojo's shared. It was my favorite scent in the world, nothing could compare. My head protector smelled the same if not a little more. It was my blood and sweat that scented the head piece so that made it better.
	Krav Maga was fundamentally different from all of the martial arts I've learned over the years. Kyokushin Karate from Japan, Pencak Silat from Indonesia, Kali Filipino and many others were against and had rules to avoid certain spots on the body. Head, neck, groin, and eyes. Krav Maga on the other hand, those are the points you focus on and attack.
	This fighting style went against the grain, against everything that had been jammed into my brain since I could walk. The first day was horrible I was covered in bruises and sprains. The pain and general color of the bruises was enough for me to re-think my standing. The next day I really began learning the fast and dirty fighting style. The holds and strikes played as both defensive and offensive at the same time. 
	While I finished my warm ups, and began to wrap my hands a man came in. He was a fighter that much was obvious. The second he tossed his bag to the wall he began his warm ups. Every once in a while, he'd scan the room and more than once his gaze stopped on me. After analyzing me for a moment he'd continue scanning. 
	Gavril came over and we started one on one training. His arm came up and over my head and neck holding me bent over and began instructing me how to get out of this hold and how to inflict maximum damage while doing it. After three hours and one five-minute water break, he whistled for the new comer to come and join us.
	"Alex if you’re ready I think it's time for a real fight." He said as tall, dark, and broody joined us. I had to agree that everything is better in Israel, Montana did not make guys the way they did here.
	Gavril spoke to Elian in Hebrew. With my expanding vocabulary I picked up a few words. "-take... easy. American... control." When Elian nodded Gavril gave me a glance almost between concern and hope. I put on my angelic face and smiled sweetly. Elian glowered at me and mumbled under his breath.
	"American child... waste of time." He muttered and outright glared at me.
	I glowered back. "Ignorance is a curse" I remarked in his language. He bared his teeth and before Gavril's whistle, he lunged into an attack. He threw an overhead punch I twisted to avoid.  I stepped into his guard and landed a kick to in-step, then followed with a kidney uppercut. I was too close into his space and too small for him to make a decent move. I was also too fast. I moved closer into him, close enough to smell his deodorant and after-shave. I threw my arm up head his head and pulled him into the same hold Gavril trained me on earlier that day.
	In this hold Elian now had my torso in a good position for attack. I jammed my elbow into his spine. He seized up then retaliated with a three-inch punch to my gut and quickly followed with another three inch to my kidney. I loosened my hold and that was enough for him to break it. He came at me his hand ready to grab my throat. I stepped into the attack bowing backwards to save my throat but my arm was already in position. With his force and mine the palm of my hand went up into his nose. With a slight tilting of his head he managed to save himself from a broken sniffer.
	Then the blood started to flow and that's when he lost control. He started throwing swift kicks and blows. I ducked and dodged, sometimes taking a hit or two to prevent major damage. This used to be a training sparring match, now it was a matter of getting out of this fight without major damage. Which was hard when your opponent wanted your blood. We kept going like this for who knows how long I tried to apply the knowledge of Maga to this fight. I barely knew the basics.
	For every blow I managed to avoid and the ones I landed Elian's rage grew. Turning him unpredictable. Eventually I heard Dad bellow. "Finish him. Now!" I took that that meant using my other acquired skills. 
	I launched into attack mode. Striking and jabbing with the speed of a cobra until he was in a position for a grappling hold. With my arm tucked and tightened on his throat, my legs wrapped around his, and him laying completely on top of me I had him pinned. He struggled against my hold that wouldn't break. After seven seconds he went limp. Loosening my hold, I shoved him off of me. I laid there for a second to breathe.
	Dad stood over me. "Is there a reason that went on longer than necessary?" He inquired but with eyes twinkling in amusement.
	I huffed. "I was supposed to be learning Maga not practicing anything else. It's not my fault." He shook his head and helped me to my feet. 
	He inspected my face; he gently prodded a soft spot on my jaw that I hadn't noticed getting. My arms analyzing the forming bruises. Lips tightened and thin, he wasn't happy with what just transpired. He looked over at my unconscious opponent and grimaced. "At least he looks worse."  
	Gavril came over. "She okay?" He inquired. With a swift nod from Dad, Gavril checked on Elian. 
	Gavril whistled. He took something out of his pocket and held it under Elian's nose. With a jerk Elian awoke and sat up. Smelling salts, I under how often people get knocked unconscious during training? Right, stupid question. 
	Gavril's face was filled with disappointment as he gazed down at his student. Without a word he pulled Elian to his feet and they walked off to the back office. 
	Dad tugged me to the side lines and silently handed me water. After I drank some he handed me a cloth that I then used to wipe off Elian's blood. 
	Eventually I broke the silence between us. "I- I've never fought someone like that before." I don't know why I brought it up but for some reason I had to. 
	Dad nodded slowly. He saw something during the fight. He saw something that matched what I felt during it. 
*			*			*
	Gavril, his wife and their three kids, Dad and I were eating outside in the courtyard of a restaurant. The lives of the Israelites buzzed around us on this beautiful twilight night. Dad, Gavril, and Sarah were all deeply involved in conversation. Leaving the twin girls; Eve and Libby, Gavril Jr and I to entertain ourselves. 
	The twins and I had nothing in common, thereby very little to discuss. Jr as he preferred to be called, spoke all of ten words to me since I arrived this summer. Meaning any entertainment wasn't coming from this table. I thought about listening to the adult’s discussion but that was more boring than anything else. With nothing else I scanned conversations going on around us.
	All the conversations I could make out were Hebrew. At this stage of the trip I now spoke fluent Hebrew and had a perfect accent. Most of the legible conversations were about people’s day. Complains about co-workers, some gossip, one of them was practically entertaining as a woman interrogated her date about if he was cheating. There was also one proposal of marriage. 
	With nothing worth any attention, I went back to picking at my food. Pop, pop, pop, sounded off in the distance. The adults and my head jerked up from whatever was holding our attention. Gun shots, and not that far off either. 
	Almost instantly Gavril had his phone to his ear and started barking off orders. Dad, Sarah, and Gavril stood up. 
"Come children" Sarah’s delicate voice sounded hard as she ordered us. I immediately moved to Dads side and practically glued myself there. As we started leaving the restaurant, he came running.
	"Isn't that-" I started to ask until gun shots cut me off. Elian was running into the square. He was the one pulling the trigger! At first, I thought he was shooting at the gunman. Then I looked at where he was aiming a little cafe. A cafe filled with citizens looking around in concern. Citizen that were now screaming in pain from lead running into their bodies at 850 feet per second. Yells of shock and terror rang out into the night, coating the air like sulfur invading every particle. It was heavy in my lungs and thick in my nose as I breathed.
	Elian wasn't shooting at the gunman. He was the gunman. I realized with a panic. Officers and various people ran up to him either to be shot down or when he ran out of ammo to die by his skillful deadly hands. After two bodies were shot down and two others killed by broken necks he reloaded and started rapid firing again.
	We stood still, hiding in the shadows. Sarah has her daughters pressed into her chest. Shielding them from the violence and bloodshed. Jr and I stood side by side unable to tear our eyes from the monstrosity happening before our eyes. Our father’s faces held nothing but rage and helplessness, they couldn't stop him if they tried they would die too. 
	We hid until Elian ran out of magazines, that's when they struck. Dad pressed me into Jr and gave us both warning looks that said "Do not move!" Then crept in the shadows, waiting for Elian to turn and give them his back. The moment Elian turned they pounced. 
	My hand shot out and grabbed Jr's, surprisingly he gripped my hand instead of ignoring my outreach. 
	They ran quietly up to Elian from behind Dad put him in a sleeper hold while Gavril disarmed him, then quickly cuffed Elian before he lost consciousness. Dad continued to keep him restrained while Gavril patted him down. Retrieving two knives and another gun from an ankle holster. 
	They held him until more police arrived and took him into custody. As the officers were leading Elian to their car, Gavril and Dad started to head back. Halfway to the police car Elian started to struggle, I couldn't see how but the next thing I heard was another gun shot. Elian toppled over. He had shot himself with an officer’s weapon. 
*			*			*
	Later that night, I stood in my room petrified from what I had witnessed, even hours later I could do nothing but stare blankly at nothing. That image stuck in my mind, nothing made it flicker. I could still smell the gun powder lingering in the air like cheap perfume.
	Eventually Dad took my hands in his and lead me to the couch. He rubbed circles into the sprains and bruises. Then he spoke.
	"What did you feel when you fought him?" He asked quietly.
	"Rage." I answered "Anger and all their synonyms."
	"Anything else?" He inquires
	I nodded, "there was something underneath. I- I don't know how to describe it." He nodded slowly.
	"What happened tonight wasn't because of circumstances because of his life. It helped ignite the fire but it wasn't the fuel. Anger is not natural not good, not evil. What happened today was caused by something else entirely. Something that has no words to describe it. But there is something that could have prevented it. Control, absolute control would have saved all of those lives Alexi. I don't care what happens how or why. But control, restraint, is everything in our lives. With the skills we have, the world cannot survive lack of restraint. 
	"This is why your teachers and I have been so hard on you. You have the ability to create extraordinary chaos and destruction, but you have control." He lifted my chin to look him in the eyes. "You also have the abilities to save, and preserve the world. Do you understand Alexi?"
	"Yes Daddy. I do" I mumbled quietly. I curled into his side and pondered what he spoke of if I could. I could understand what he was explaining. I didn't know about Elian's life very much but I could feel it in his fighting. Like Dad said control is everything. I made a vow to myself that I would have absolute control. I would teach someone what I knew if I ever met someone that fought like Elian did. Because if they snapped then there would be countless casualties. 
*			*			*
With that memory I snapped back to the present. Jason was kneeling in front of me, his eyes searching, scrutinizing my face. 
	"Are you back?" He asked tightly. Apparently, he knew what it looked like to be held captive in horrible memories. 
	I nodded slowly. Standing up I walked to the tea kettle; filling it up I set it on the stove and turned it on. I continued to busy myself with preparing a pot of tea. 
	"Have you ever seen someone lose control. I mean really lose it, to the point of where you question their sanity? It was years ago. I will never forget that night. He did horrible unforgivable things. I don’t even know what happened it was as though he just, snapped.
	"I was taught something that will help Ametia. Are you willing to let me train her? She will need your support get through the training. Now the question is will you help me?"
	The kettle whistled, pouring the scolding water I grabbed two mugs from the cupboard. 
	"One condition if it's causing more harm than good it's over. No more of your games." Steel laced his words.
	I nodded. "You say the word and it's done." 
	"He says the word and what's done?" Ametia asks while walking in. 
	Jason looked to me and I gave a slight shake of my head. "Nothing to worry about Ametia." Jason assures. 
	I grab an extra cup and set it on the table and take my seat. "Tea Ametia?" I start pouring tea. With a nod I fill her mug as well. Taking a sip, I mull over what lies in the morning. "Tomorrow at 8 A.M. I have a meeting with my contact. We'll leave around 7:30. When we get there we'll have to separate." 
	Jason face showed outrage and he narrowed his eyes. His protective instinct was adorable but it was driving me nuts.
	"Don't get your underwear in a twist Jason. You'll be able to see me the entire time. He's paranoid and doesn't like new people. Just don't watch us like a hawk or you'll tip him off."
	Jason frowned and Ametia scowled at him. After a moment of thinking it over he nodded in defeat. 
	"Night we’ll stake out the outside of the buildings. Any thoughts about what we should do tomorrow to improve our chances?" He asked openly. 
	I thought about how to approach the idea of separating. Jason would not like the idea.
	"We should separate, that will give us better odds to feel and see anything out of the ordinary." Ametia my saving grace. "Jason and I can go to one place while Alex can stakeout another side of the district."
	Before Jason could explode I added. "I can also go inside and see if there's anything since I doubt they just walked around on the street."
	He shook his head. "No nobody should be alone in this city with monsters on the prowl. Especially Alex. She's too new she doesn't know how to handle them." 
	Ametia and I snorted and laughed in union. 
	"Jason thank you for your concern but you need to learn I'm a big girl I can take care of myself." I resisted the urge to lay my hand over his. 
	He narrowed those blue eyes at me. "Those scars say otherwise."
	I rolled my eyes. "The last time I got one was over thirteen months ago." Not including the bullet hole in my thigh and the one in my shoulder, or the scar on my face, but those were from humans so not included. "I got the hang of it early on."
	His face darkened and I swear he growled at me. "Fine." That was all I would get.
	I pondered the new development and grinned with excitement. "Looks like I get to go shopping tomorrow after coffee. I haven't gotten a new bike lately." 
	Ametia and Jason shared a confused look but I didn't divulge anymore. After finishing my tea, I took a hot steaming shower and went to bed.
*			*			*
We sat outside the clubs on the most used streets, hoping praying that we’ll get lucky and feel that slight electric feel in our fingertips. We took shifts, rotating every hour, well we were supposed to but Jason stayed awake with Ametia and I through all the shifts. Constantly on guard desperation was clawing up his insides begging for relief. 
We stayed all night. It was past three when last call rang out. We waited until the buildings were abandoned by everyone; owners, employees, patrons. Nothing no trace of the kid we were here for. 
Jason brooded in silence and Ametia slept as I drove us home.
*			*			*
I took a sip of my dark roast, the steaming hot liquid rolled around on my tongue. The bell rang at the door glancing up, Isaac was no longer gangly with sharp angles but filled out.
	He strolled in spotting me immediately but stopping at the counter to order what was probably a pumpkin spice latte, I rolled my eyes at his ridiculous excuse of coffee. I glanced at Jason and Ametia, Jason was watching me to intently. Crap if he keeps that up he is going to give us away. 
	Luckily Isaac was to consumed with waiting for his coffee. Isaac Fitzgerald, age 21, child prodigy in all things related to computers. By the age of fourteen he started working as a hacker. Fifteen he was a renowned hacker, he also started to live on his own. No one knew why or anything beyond that. He deleted his entire life, his entire existence off the internet, and all paper documentation as well. At eighteen he was the most sought-after hacker in the world. That was when he moved to St. Louis. He is so good not even the FBI knew of his existence. Isaac wasn’t just a genius, he was also smart and had a snake’s instinct for survival. 
	Isaac was cautious to the extreme, something we had in common. He feared no one. Why would he when with a few taps of his fingertips he could learn more about a person than they knew about themselves. Correction he feared one person. Me. Knowledge is his power. To the world, to technology I didn’t exist. He had nothing on me. No way to predict my thoughts or actions. That is why he hates me, because he feared me. 
I stood up when he came up to me. "Kat was wondering if I would ever see you again." 
	"I was hoping that I would never see you again." Isaac smiled in amusement, I sighed dramatically. "Yet here we are!" 
	He laughed. "Yes indeed." He leaned forward I bite my tongue in protest. Pressing his mouth against mine his fingers explored my wrist checking for my knives then my waist fingering my empty shoulder holster. Then my back for my spare throwing daggers, discreetly I slipped the envelope into his interior jacket pocket. 
	Satisfied that I was unarmed-ish he pulled away and sat in the chair next to mine. I sat down to and sipped my rich goodness. "So, what do you need? You wouldn’t call on me for a social visit" Isaac asked sprawling across the chair.
	"You know me so well." I rolled my eyes "instruction are in the envelope along with half your fee. You'll get the rest when the job is complete and I have what I want. You have two days" he threw his head back and laughed. 
	"Your wish is my command." He said was he got up and started to walk away. 
	I grabbed his wrist and pulled him closer. "There is a little extra in there think of it as a 'reason' to not tell anyone that I'm back. I would hate it if something dreadful fell upon Mr. Whiskers." Isaac paled a little and nodded his head like a bauble head. I released his arm and he took no time to leave the cafe, Jason’s eyes were full of questions. I waited a second before making my way to their table.
	"What happened there?" Ametia asked at the same time, that Jason asked.
	"I thought you hated the guy?" He growled. 
	Oh lovely. As if my life wasn’t complicated enough. Now I'm really stuck in a love triangle. Could this trip get any better?   
	"I can't stand the guy yes. I was making sure Isaac understood somethings." I explained casually. "Finish your drinks I have another appointment." We finished our drinks in silence and fifteen minutes later we were headed to my dealer.
	"Why are we in the warehouse district?" Ametia asks.
	"This is where my appointment is." I parked alongside the street. "Alright you two drive home and I'll meet you there in say an hour." I hopped out and slammed the door before they could appose.
	Quickly walking around, the block I reached the door and pressed the buzzer. With a ring the door was unlocked. Walking in I was greeted by Holden, my bike and car dealer.
	"May. May my favorite customer how are you my dear?" He asked with a light bright lilt to his voice. He dressed in leathers, his face and hands smudged with grease. He laughed "I'm trying out a new impersonation what do you think?" His voice was back to its regular deep gravel sound.
	I smirked and meet him with a hug. A hug that could easily crush my bones into dust. I had met the bear of a man at a biker bar on the out skirts of town. He had the best stock. "It's defiantly different and it clashes with everything else but not bad. Fix those and it'll defiantly give you an edge. Unless they know you, then they'll think you have a helium fetish. What do you have for me?"
	He laughed again "always gives an honest evaluation." He wrapped an arm over my shoulders and tugged me to his show room. Five bikes were lined up under the skylight giving them an ethereal glow. 
	"Holden, you have out done yourself once again." I praised as I took in the sleek lines and curves. Immediately I found my way a black with red trimming Ducati. 
	"As always you have an impeccable eye. She's a Ducati 1100 Monster diesel edition." 
	I swung a leg over and kicked her alive. She gave a grumble as she came to life. I gave her some gas and she purred beneath my body. Shutting her down I looked over to Holden "fifteen grand, including a helmet and a radio."
	He shook his head "twenty and I'll throw in new leathers." It was a good deal.
	"Fifteen." I said calmly.
	He raised an eye brow. "Twenty."
	"Twelve." I ping ponged back.
	"Twenty." His tone stern, arms crossed.
	"Ten."
	He growled "seventeen including the helmet, new leathers, your radio, and getting you out of my shop before you bleed me dry." 
	I smiled. "Deal." 
	He gave a sharp look to the side and nodded. "You know one of these days you’ll pay whole price for my bikes and your goods."
	My smile expanded. "One day you’ll take my first offer for my bike and the bonuses." 
	He glowered and one of his grease monkeys came up. One of his gorgeous grease monkeys came up with a black with red detailing helmet and black leather gloves, pants, jacket, and a small piece of tech.
	I pulled the pre-counted cash bundles from my bag and tossed it to Holden and took the leathers. I stuffed all but the gloves into the bag.
	He raised an eye brow. "How did you know it would be seventeen?" Amusement rang out.
	I climbed on to the bike and gave a smirk. "A magician never reveals her secrets." I pulled the helmet on and waited. The garage door lifted. 
	"See you again gorgeous." Holden waved.
	With a grumble and purr I shot out of his garage. I drove around the block back to where I left the SUV and the children. 
	I pulled up to the driver’s side and Jason rolled down the window. I flipped up the glass on my helmet. "We really need to work on your listening skills. Race you home." Was all I said before taking off down the street.
	I wound my way up and through the streets of St. Louis, twisting and turning between cars, SUVs and taxis. The air whipped through the tail of my braid, dragging it behind me as I flew down the streets. The cold wind biting into my thin jeans and stabbing at my exposed flesh. It felt amazing, I was free, flying, making my own destiny, and not playing by anyone’s rules but my own. 
	I pulled into my driveway and turned off the engine. I swung my leg over the bike and when platted on the ground I yanked my helmet off and shook my hair. Dragging my gloved fingers against my scalp I released the strands from its binding. 
	Setting the helmet on the bike I unlocked the garage door and parked the bike in an open space. Closing the garage door but not locking it I left the garage and made my way up the apartment. I finally had some space and the time to get some work done without a shadow watching and calculating my every move.
Chapter Thirteen
	I dug out the proper attire for a night of club hopping and its accessories. Unforgiving tight black leather pants, an azure blue halter top, and a black cut off leather jacket. With thigh high leather boots, and cut off gloves. Some heavy black makeup, I’ll fit right in. With proper facial contouring no one will recognize me. 
	I set the materials aside and got down to the plan. Jason was going to be pissed and Ametia thrilled, but none of that mattered. All that mattered was finding this kid and getting the hell out of here before someone opened their mouth.
	I wrote out quick ideas and when finished scanned over it for mistakes. 
	Twenty minutes later a steaming hurricane rolled into the living space with Ametia on his heels. Jason walked up to me, gave me a look then began pacing.
	“By the Gods truth you are…” He drew a blank with a bewildered look. “Insane.” He finished. “Taking off on your own that’s not just crazy its reckless.”
	I tilted my head to the side. “Reckless is my middle name.” I grinned. “Besides it all worked out for the best didn’t it. We are one step closer to finding your sibling. Ametia got to show you around, I got some alone time to plan. My new baby purrs like a kitten.”
	He twirled around and just stared at me. I just kept a calm face with a mocking smile in place.
	“Would you like to hear my plan?” I asked softly with an inviting cool tone that sucked the tension and mistrust out of the room. Just like it always did. Some monsters don’t look or sound like monsters. Sometimes the serene and sincere person is the monster lurking under the bed. 
	I briefly flashed back to when I was turned into a beautiful deadly monster. 
*			*			*
Vadim’s hand brushed down my cheek and rested on my neck. Fingers pressing against my pulse points. A threat. A warning. Oh, how I longed to sink my teeth into his flesh and use my blades to peel the skin from his body. All while keeping him alive. Because of him I now know how to do such a monstrous act. 
	He created me in his image. He created the perfect weapon. A weapon already forged in fire, a weapon that knew blood. All he had to do as teach it to crave the taste of fresh blood. He succeeded.
	He wanted an heir. Well he had an heir, a weak humanitarian. Such a man is not meant for the bloodiest, cruelest mafia families in the United States. No, this faction of the Russian mob needed a predator. One to protect the head Vadim, one to bury the bodies where no one would find them. In time, become the head of the family. Me.
	He created me to serve him, to succeed him. He created his destruction. That became the blood I learned to crave.
	I found my purpose in life. Avenge my father’s murder but until I could find them; Destroy the other monsters in the world. After all they did this to themselves.
*			*			*
	I shook myself from the dark past and focused on the now. A kid was in trouble and it was my job to find him/her and take him/her back to the Sanctuary. For now, the past was dead. Any more reminiscing will only awaken the demons.
	  “Waiting outside isn’t going to work, waiting for the kid to present its self after who knows how many hours of waiting. We might not even be close enough to the right exit for the electricity thing to work. You and Ametia will stay in the truck in the middle of the district. I’m going to go inside play my part of enjoying the club scene and go club hopping. If I feel anything we’ll get the kid out of here. If not, we come back here and sleep and prepare for another day. 
	I know you don’t like the idea of splitting up. I have a communication unit so we can stay in contact at all times. If anything goes wrong, you’ll know as soon as I will.”
*			*			*
I drifted from the entrance of the club to the bar. Ordering a Rum and Coke I scoped out the area.
	“What are you doing? Drinking, really is that such a good idea?” A pesky voice asked I growled under my breath and took a sip.
	“Appearances people.” I reminded them, again. Jason nearly had a stroke when he saw what I was wearing to the club. He was more like my nonexistent grandmother than an eighteen-year-old hormonal boy.
	I moved up to the stage where the DJ mixed and the girls danced in lingerie. Rolling my hips to the beat I kept my senses open and my eyes fleeting over various faces. My gaze lingered on one. A familiar face. Then shifted my gaze, nothing sets alarm bells off like staring. The occasional body would grind up against mine, both male and female. This I didn’t miss about the underbelly of illegal places. All sense of personal space became an amusing idea. I ground my teeth and moved past the over friendly bodies.
	I kept up my routine for over forty minutes until I moved to the next club. After another forty minutes I went to the next one, and then the next, and the next. Five hours later I had visited four different clubs and joined up with Ametia and Jason. I rested in the back while they drove around the district parked waited and kept going until four in the morning. I drove us back the warehouse while Ametia napped, and Jason stared out the window blankly.
	“We’ll find your sibling Jason.” I reassured but I knew words meant nothing. Actions were the only thing that would get through to him. Nothing would raise his spirits until whoever we were looking for was within arm’s reach and on a bus heading back to the Sanctuary.
	“I know you don’t believe me. It’s now been two failed attempts to find him/her. Every hour every minute it feels like your chest is slowly being ripped apart. That there will be no relief until you can see them, touch, and hear them. We will find them.”
	A dangerous promise. Even if I didn’t say the words they were implied. Unfortunately, I kept my promises. Even if I had to call in every favor I’d find this kid. That would probably kill me. Ripping apart the oath I made. 
We drove in silence for a time. “Is this how you feel? Every day that you don’t find your fathers killer, that your heart is slowly chipping away? I’ve seen your file, it’s the only thing that makes sense. You’re looking for them.”
“No that’s not how I feel.” I respond, my throat suddenly closing up. “I lost my heart the moment I saw my father kneeling in the dirt. Every day since then I feel pieces of my soul withering up and dying. Every hour, every day I feel like I’m not only dying inside but that one day there will be nothing left. No joy, no humanity, no love. Sometimes I think I’m already there. 
“Unlike you at the end of my road is three graves. One for me for the person I used to be, another for who killed my father, and the last is my father’s grave, maybe even a forth chances are I won’t survive my revenge. No matter what I do, no matter what happens he will still be dead. And I will forever be alone.” There were no tears for me fight off I had already accepted the reality of my life. I had already cried for the loss of not only my father’s life, but also my own.
	“You can stop Alex. You don’t have to keep hunting. You can stay at the Sanctuary and rebuild your life, in peace. You don’t have to be alone.” He tried to reason but he didn’t understand.
	“It was looking for me. The thing that killed him was asking about me! I will never have a life of peace not after what I’ve done. It and the people… I will never have a life Jason. I tried once, here in this Gods-be-damned city and it nearly destroyed what’s left of my soul. None of them will ever let me go.” I exploded. My breathing slightly ragged but under control. “As cliché as it sounds all I have left is revenge. Once we find your sibling I will go back but if Duke has no information for me I’ll be leaving. Don’t try to change my mind, its set-in stone.”
	We finished the drive and the night in silence. 




Chapter Fourteen
The sky was a bright crystal-clear blue with not a cloud in sight. The pine trees reached high into the heavens; the air was crisp, clean, and rejuvenating. 
I laughed in delight. This time I am going to win. I told myself. This time I’m going to be the hunter. Dad and I walked side by side until we reached the point where the game began. Dad slowed his pace. The game had already begun. I loved our game; or training as he called it. I always wondered what the training was for and every time he replied "one-day Alexi you’ll see." Never once was his reply different. 
The game was like hide and seek. Although instead of looking for the other players randomly. The seeker must follow a delicate trail left behind a person’s passage. I fell into a careful walk lightening my footsteps, while avoiding the fallen branches, ducking under and around the trees. After a five-minute journey I heard it. A blood curdling scream penetrated the serene forest. I took off in the direction it came from. I was no longer careful of my trail. I blundered through like a charging bear. 
I stopped short when I came to a medium sized clearing. I threw a hand in front of my mouth to stifle my gasp. Twenty feet in front of me was my Father. The only person I loved on his knees with a wicked curved blade held in front of his heart. A black robed man held the blade. The training dad hammered into my mind clicked into place and took control of my panicking mind.
 	I checked the rest of the clearing but didn’t have a clear visual. I moved to a climbable tree on near silent feet. I hauled myself up a good ten feet. I was careful to stay out of view. Five feet to dad's left, was another robed man but he was laying on the ground appearing dead. I felt a brief surge of smug satisfaction that he was dead and dad was his killer.
“Where is she?” It’s voice low and throaty coming out like gravel. Dad held his head high and said nothing. His face revealing not one speck of emotion. 
“Call her to you. She cannot be far. Call her.” He demanded. Again, dad didn’t respond. The robed man growled and with a swift thrust he drove the sword into my father’s heart. Dad collapsed with the sword still in his chest. The thing looked to its fallen companion and gave a noise of disgust before vanishing. No running, walking, moving of any sort. He-it just was gone. Poof. Then the fallen thing vanished as well. 
Logic was ripped away by uncontrollable emotions; anguish, grief, and anger. I jumped out of the tree and landed in a roll. Jumping up I ran to his side. I rolled him onto his back and pressed my hands against the wound on either side of the sword.
His face was as white as a ghost while his body convulsed with tremors. With every fading heart beat hot blood flooded from his body, coating my hands. 
“Ale-Alexi. You need to run. Run and d-don’t look back. Don’t tr-trust anyone.  I’m sorry. I’m so sorry I never told you.” He gasped.
“Told me what?” I whimpered.
“I love-.” He was gone. Those were his last words.
I threw my head up to silently scream my pain. Black ash and smoke filled the sky in the direction of our home. The once, vibrant, alive air was now polluted with the twang of blood and the burning remnants of my life. This time I could not hold back. I screamed until my mouth grew dry, my throat ached, and my voice became hoarse. Daring them to come back and find me. I wanted them to find me. 
*			*			*
I woke up in a cold sweat, my heart pounding in ears and head. I breathed through my nose held the breath counted to five and released a couple times before my heart beat was back to resting rate. Swinging my feet to the cold concrete I stood and padded my way to the control hub. I glanced at the clock while preparing the coffee machine. 6:55 glared at me in neon red light.
	Crap not even two and half hours of sleep. Still shaking off the remnants of the nightmare I knew I’d never get anymore sleep. With a shake of my head I tossed an extra scoop of grounds into the filter. After finishing setting up the coffee I went to the computer and checked the security feed. No trips we were in the clear. Good.
	Changing into some workout clothes, I checked on the coffee. I poured a cup and drained it in one go. It burned my mouth and throat on the way down. The pain woke me up and reminded me. With caffeine surging in my tired blood I started my yoga regiment. 
	Halfway through Tai Chi Jason got up and sleep walked to the coffee. By the time I finished he was fully alert, dressed, and had breakfast made. I sat down at the table we had set up just outside the hub door. Jason set a plate piled high with scrambled eggs. Nodding my thanks, I scooped a forkful into my mouth. Boy could the guy cook. If Ametia didn’t get over herself and just tell the guy, some other lucky girl was going too. 
*			*			*
I dropped from the rafters when I heard my name being called from down stairs. Ametia was still asleep in the hub. Jason went out for a perimeter sweep twenty minutes ago and was due back around now. What might have happened? Unease curdled in my stomach, I had hoped that someone in this damn town could keep their mouths shut, but no. I was about to be faced with something that haunted my every thought and movement.
	 I was too young to have so many ghosts. Yeah mother and God relatives do you hear that, way too young. 
	My nerves were sky rocketing, my heart thumping so hard I swore everyone could hear it and eventually it would pop out of my chest. My hands started sweating and shaking I paused for a moment and took a breath and another and another until my heart was under control. Sadly, only its movement I was able to control, but not what really mattered, what really mattered still tortured me day and night and everything in between. 
	I sucked up my pain and every ounce of emotion until only indifference remained. I moved down the stairs and down the hallways until there was only one flight of stairs between us. One look was all it took to crumble every wall and every safe guard I put around my heart. The deep breaths and the locking away what remained of my emotions was just a waste of time when it came to Nathan. I should have known better.
	I pressed my hands to my side as I made my way down the steps and to my undoing. To my kryptonite, my Achilles heel the only thing, the only person still alive that could stop me in my tracks and steal my breath and every last bit of my attention even while hunting my father’s killer. He was my greatest threat, my undoing, and the only person I have ever felt safe with in a long time.
	My lungs constricted as I took in his face, mostly his eyes Gods I’ve always loved his eyes. Sea foam green that stripped down my walls and saw into my soul (if I still had one). Even when we first meet and I wanted nothing more than to hide and never see him again, no that’s a lie. He haunted my thoughts even when I was just trying to protect him. He looked the same, older and wiser in the eyes, my fault chances were. He still threw my heart into gear, no, no, he didn't, he didn't consume my every spare thought. He didn't make me blush when he glanced at me in the corner of his eyes.
	His hair was the same curling against his temples and ears, shaggy and uncontrollable yet layered perfectly. Everything about him was pure male and judging by his knuckles, his stance and his biceps and triceps he was keeping up with his training. Knock it off, stop checking him out.
	"Jason mind giving us a minute." I said stiffly still watching Nathan. It took a second but I heard him go back up the stairs.
	Nathan and I watched each other warily, there was a battle going on inside him I could see it in his eyes. Minutes went by neither of us dared to breath harder than short shallow breaths, terrified that the moment would be shattered. Eventually the civil war ended and I could see the decision in his eyes. He took three steps toward me and gently cupped my face and kissed me. 
	It started out soft then it became desperate and hungry. He poured out every pent-up emotion into the kiss, I felt everything that I put him through. I started to shake at his intensity, I put my hands up to his chest to push him away but my hands betrayed me. Instead of pushing him away they dug into his muscles and pulled him closer. I followed his lead and poured everything into him. 
	My fingers tangled into his hair drawing him closer, while pulling myself up for better leverage. One of his hands remained at my cheek and neck, rubbing a circle against my skin with his thumb. The other drifted down brushing past my arm and in-circled my waist. Pulling me closer, pressing our midsections together so I could feel the dips and planes of his stomach. 
	Gods, he felt amazing. I untangled a hand from his hair and ran my fingers down his shoulder rememorizing the feel of him. He moaned into my mouth and walked me backwards into a wall. Pressing me gently but tightly into the cold concrete. Every inch of us was pressed together. From his jean clad legs, to my bare ones, our thighs warmed at each other’s touch, hips, stomach, and chests.
	My fingertips explored whatever they could touch. They dipped below his shirt and ran across his collar bone until they tripped across raised tissue. Flashes of that night flickered behind my eye lids. The screams and the jerk of flesh being torn. Oh Gods, no I will not cause Nathan, my Nathan any more pain and suffering.
	That jerked me back to reality, my fingers halted their exploration and pushed him away. Nathan stumbled back a couple of steps before regaining his balance. I leaned heavily against the wall and breathed while avoiding eye contact.
	"What are you doing here Nathan? How did you know I was here?" If Isaac opened his trap not even his beloved Google Earth would be able to find him.
	"I could ask you the same thing, you said you were never coming back. You tend to stick to your word. As for the other thing you running down my fire escape, your favorite way in was a little bit of a giveaway."
	"Dang I thought I got away clean." I said with a smile, this this is what I missed our banter. How natural and beautifully easy we were together. Sure, things were never really that easy especially with all my secrets and Nathan had a few as well. We melded together. We understood each other, there were no games between us. Funny considering, we were both professional liars. Still. This was more of a knife to the heart than anything. If we didn’t have what we once did it might would be easier to let, go. But this... 
	This was pure undiluted torture. 
	"So, how've you been?" I asked simply. Internally I was banging my head against a brick wall. Really, small talk Alex? Unfortunately, Nathan decided to play along with my charade.
	"Oh, you know pretty good considering I woke up from a coma alone no clue where my girlfriend was or if she was ok, let alone alive. Thankfully she left me a Dear John letter so all was good." The sarcasm was barely detectable, but there none the less. I flinched at the barb like a physical blow. His eyes caught the twitch but no sympathy shown through his eyes.
	"In my defense it wasn’t technically a Dear John letter." I protested weakly. Sighing. "What do want Nathan?"
	He laughed bitterly. Yeah, no animosity between us at all. 
	"What do I want? I want nothing to do with you. Zane on the other hand wants to know what you're doing back here and why your staking out Party District." Now I wished he did slap me, or shot me in the chest, or stab me in the eye. Anything, anything but look at me like that. I hated this, I hated that he hated me, but this was safe. Damn me. I always do whatever it takes to protect him.
	I straightened my back, rolled my shoulders back, and pulled on my mask. "I'm looking for someone, I have no intention in getting into yours or Zane's business. The minute I find them, I'm out of here and it'll be like I never came back."
	He snorted. "Oh, just like the last time you rolled into town." Bastard. I loved him but at this moment I wanted to slap him. That's exactly what he wanted. The smart, cunning, sly, bastard. I kept my face impassive except for a raised eyebrow and a twisted smile.
	"Is that all? Just stopped by to deliver Zane's threat and berate me for the past and our choices?"
	"Our choices? Remind me again of how you running away was my choice." That burned and flared my temper and shattered my control. I stepped up to him and jerked his shirt to the side revealing the scar tissue that brought me out of that kiss and into wretched reality.
	"This Goddamn you. You gave me something I thought I would never have. Made me feel things I've never felt before. You made me stay. You made me love you. And you died, I watched you die." I let go of his shirt and clenched my fist. "Let me ask you something how many times in the last nine months have you almost died? How many times have psycho hit men gone after you since I left?”
	He held perfectly still and I got my answer. My opportunity to open the bank assault opened up.
	"So, what was it revenge then? You took it to get back at me? To piss me off? Well, guess what you succeeded big time." I snarled and turned around.
	"What now? What did I do to piss you off now?" He asked with an exasperated tone. 
	I swung around in anger. "Why did you take the sword?" 
	"It wasn't safe" he claimed, I cut in.
	"What do you mean it wasn't safe? That is the safest bank on the continent! The very reason why I choose it."
	"There was a robbery attempt they didn't succeed. I thought it would be better safe than sorry to make sure it remained safe. I know how much that blasted sword means to you." I closed my eyes and dropped my chin. I went over to the stairs and dropped to the first step.
	"Thank you." I took a breath and my guards slipped down and crumpled in the dust. "I found some people that can help me. Help me find the people that started all of this. I- I can’t go into specifics and even if I could well" I gave a short pitiful laugh. "You wouldn't believe me anyway." He moved closer and kneeled in front of me.
	"I would always believe you. If you would only let me in." I shook my head and a tear broke free. I reached up and pulled the corner of his shirt down revealing four parallel scars. Scars caused by a swipe from a large paw belonging to a mythical creature. I traced them with my fingertips.
	"Both you and I know the consequences of that. Only difference is I'm not willing to risk it, again. You should go." I stood to go up the stairs and he grabbed my arm.
	"You don't have to; you know you don't have to." He wasn't talking about me going upstairs.
	"Yes, I do. I have to." I tugged my arm back and headed up the stairs.
	"Wait!" He called from behind.
	"You know why I can't." I heard him shuffle around behind but I couldn't force myself to turn around. I cleared my throat. "Goodbye Nathan." 
	"Why is it that that is all you ever to say to me?" Another tear let loose. Have I mentioned how much I hate crying, yet here I was crying again within a week. 
	"Maybe if circumstances were different." 
	"You and I both know that’s not true." The dam broke and tears flooded. On that note I left and his words haunted me. Just like so many things haunted me, so why shouldn't this join the party. ‘You and I both know that’s not true.’ The dam broke and tears flooded. On that note I left and his words haunted me.
	I walked up the stairs passing the first floor, the second, the third where the apartment was and I kept going up to the fifth floor and to the roof exit. I tossed the door open and was shocked with the bitter cold. I breathed in deep, hoping the cold would numb more than just my lungs. 
When I gathered the courage, I walked down to the apartment. Ametia was training on the punching bag with Jason spotting her on the other side of the room. He watched as I entered, his eyes never leaving my body even as I walked into the hub and set the tea kettle on the hot plate. 
I ignored him as I made tea. I didn’t feel like explaining myself and I didn’t have to. I wanted to avoid the whole discussion, the acquisitions of me holding back my secrets. Even if the acquisitions weren’t uttered aloud I could see them in their eyes, their body language, and even their tone. 
Jason walked up behind me as I finished prepping the tea. 
He cleared his throat before starting. “I know we already went over how we all had a right our secrets.” He took a breath. “Please Alex trust us trust me, please I beg you. You’ll have to trust someone eventually.”
I laughed lightly and shook my head. “I’ve only ever trusted one person and all he did was lie to me. For my entire life all he did was lie. I understand he did it to protect me. But I would have liked to know why I was so different my entire life, why I didn’t have any friends almost all of my life, why we were always traveling. Why when was seven years old why was I fighting two grown men and winning? 
“Your right I do have to trust someone. Me. I trust me and only me. I’m going to begin Ametia’s training now, you are welcome to observe but please don’t interfere.” I picked up the two cups of tea and headed to Ametia.
Setting down the mugs on the floor in the middle of the training area I fetched some candles and matches. Sitting down I began lighting the candles.
“Ametia join me. Please?” I added for good measure. “Since you and Jason are teaching me man hunting I thought I’d reciprocate. I’ve told you that your temper is awful and before you bite my head off just consider what I’m about to say. I will teach you how to funnel your anger to help your fighting rather than hamper it as it currently does. What this would entail is you doing everything I say.” She frowned but sat down across from me anyway.
“Jason here is concerned that I will push you too far and he’ll step in if necessary. I know you don’t like me and to be perfectly honest I can’t stand you either. I am proposing a truce if you will. This is only in affect during training. After training is over we can go back to enemies. What do you think? Can you stand to listen and accept my advice?”
She pursed her lips as she rolled my offer around in her head. Every once in a while, she’d look over to Jason with either a glare or contemplation. “This won’t make us friends, right?”
“Not in the least. I have no friends and even if I did you wouldn’t be anywhere near the list.” I answered honestly. Ametia as the kind of girl that could take damaged brutal honesty and not even blink. Hmm she might actually start to grow on me… like mold.
	“Fine. I can’t promise I’ll be the perfect student but I’ll try.” With her wild hair bound back in a tight unforgiving braid, her face set like stone I believed her. “What do I have to do?” She asked.
	I lifted the left tea cup and handed it to her. “Drink and relax. Relax your body, spirit, and mind. Let go of your thoughts, let them flow through you don’t hold on to them just let them pass through.”
	She gave me a skeptical look but drained the cup and set it down. She stretched her neck then settled down. I arranged the candles around her. 
	I waited a moment before beginning. “Ametia are you relaxed?” She nodded slowly. “Ametia I want you to listen to my voice and only to my voice do you understand? Nod once if yes.” She nodded.
	“When I tell you to do something you’re going to do it. When I ask you something you’re going to answer completely. Now I need you to think back, as far back as you can remember. How old are you?”
	The corner of her mouth lifted slightly. “I’m three living here in the city. We’re having lunch under the Gateway Arch.”
	That explained the extremely rare smile. “Are you happy?”
	Her smile expanded. “Yes, were very happy, it’s been a good day we went to the zoo, mommy and daddy bought me ice cream before lunch. I think this is the happiest I’ve ever been.”
	My chest clenched I wanted to leave her in this memory. This was the first time she’s looked peaceful, happy. I can’t. “I want you to fast forward to the first time you were scared and angry.” 
	“You can’t, you can’t play with her memories. You can’t ask her to go through something that she’s repressed.” Jason chokes, “this is too far. I won’t let you.”
	I turn around. “You can and will she has to go back to when this furnace of rage was created so she can understand it so she can control it and use it.”
	He kneeled next to me looking more predatory than I’ve ever seen time. More so than the first time we meet and he looked like he wanted to tear my heart out. 
	“Why so she can be like you?” He growled.
	“No, she can be better than me she has a chance. Let me help her.” I snarled back.
	He shook his head. “You don’t know anything about her. You don’t know what you’re asking her to face.”
	I cocked my head. “I have a feeling I’m asking her to do what you and Duke asked me to do the first time we met. Go back, recall, remember, feel, the worst day of my life. The day I lost my heart and my soul began to die. I think she and I are more alike than you want me to realize. Now back off.”
	I turned back to Ametia. Tears streaked her cheeks and face tilled down, sorrow written over every inch. “Tell me what you see.” I commanded.
	Lifting one specially scented candle I blew it out and dipped my fingers in the melted wax. I let the wax cool slightly before rubbing the wax above Ametia’s top lip right below her nose.
	Her voice cracked as she began. “I- I’m at home. In my room, there was a crash out in the living area, I’m going explore but everything is screaming begging me to stay in my room. I want to but I- I can’t I have to see I have to know. I silently open the door and creep out into the hallway. I peek around the corner and that’s where I find them. Daddy and mommy, but daddy is on the ground and mommy’s above him yelling and screaming with a knife in her hand.
	“There’s a scream in the background, and my throat starts to hurt, that’s when I realize I’m the one screaming. Mommy turns to me and she starts yelling at me. I don’t understand what she’s saying to me but s-she hates me.
	“Then I started this burn in my chest, it hurts. I want to scream but not from fear or panic, I want to throw something. I have to do something to relieve the pressure in my chest but I- I can’t. Mommy gets mad at me when I get mad, but I’m not just mad but it doesn’t matter I don’t want mommy mad at me so I suppress it, I push it down into my tummy. I think of it like hiding something precious you hide under your bed. Saving it for another day.”
	The pressure in my chest is overwhelming. Yes, Ametia and I have something in common, my father was murdered and hers was to, by her adoptive mother. “Ametia I want you to let go of this memory. I want you to go back to the drifting, letting the memories fly around, never grabbing onto one. I want you to reach out a pluck a couple of the memories scan them, then release them, and repeat the process. I want to you think every time you get mad do you repress the anger and store it? Do you ever release it, just let it go?” I asked, worry tightening my gut.
	“No, never not until we meet. It flared when you were with him. Some escaped but only a drop from the well. When we fight another drop. But it’s not enough.”
	I shook my head. “No, it’s not. That’s why I’m going to train you. Ametia I want you to drink this.” I handed her the second mug she tipped it back and swallowed it all in seconds. “Close your eyes and on the count of three you’re going to wake up and not remember what happened. One, two” I took a breath and prayed this would work. With these memories out in the open while she was awake and in control would be devastating. It would be just like the boy in Israel. “Three.”
	Her eyes opened. “So, when are we going to get started?” 
	I breathed a sigh of relief. “Right now.” I held the candle that the wax belonged to. “Breathe in deep.” The first drink I gave her allowed her to relax to a point where I could hypnotize her. The specific scent of the candle wax imprinted with the emotions and memories she recalled. Every time she breathed in this scent she would remember the well of anger.
	“How do you feel? What do you feel?” I inquired.
	“Angry.” Was all she said.
	“Good. Then it’s time to begin.”
Chapter Fifteen
After three hours’ exhaustion wrapped around my bones and nagged me to sit down. Maybe if I gave in I would get a full night’s sleep. Ha, that was a laughable thought, wishful to. Ametia limped her way to the bathroom and passes without even a dirty look, she must be more exhausted than even me. 
	I yawned with a stretch, rolling my neck around. I resisted the urge to plow face first into my cot. Instead I sat down at the table across from Jason. 
	“Well?” I asked, too tired to even raise an eyebrow.
	“It’s amazing whatever you did or said worked. It was incredible.” He took a moment and looked away. “I’m sorry. About trying to stop you. You obviously know more than I do and are capable to help her. I’m sorry that your dad died and what you’ve had to go through the last year.” 
	“Never say you’re sorry it’s a sign of weakness.”
	He shook his head with a sad smile. “Or it’s a sign of compassion.”
	I laughed. “Same thing. Compassion gets you killed in this world.” I moved past him and into the kitchen.  
	“Ah cynical Alex. I’d say I wonder how you came that way but then you’d get mad and tell me to back off. I can halfway guess the reason.” 
	“My father is only maybe one third the reason of why I am the way I am. Your right guessing is a bad habit. You know that I’ve told you this several times. Stop digging.” I warned.
	“One day you’ll tell me the story.” He said with a self-assured look. 
	I turned my head and tilted it. “Why do you want to know so bad? Am I just fresh meat that you haven’t been able to charm? Does the mysterious air around me appeal to you? What happens when you realize the whole truth about me? If you paid enough attention you could get a portion of this story and that will be enough information for you to know that I am no good. I’m a poison that infects and destroys lives.”  
	“I highly doubt that.” Jason said stubbornly. 
	He was wrong. Once he knew the truth he would hate. They all would.
*			*			*
I stood in another over heated and crowded club filled with alcohol and drug infected people. The techno music screeched from the speakers, this kind of music is the reason I’m shy of American music. The noise made my ear bleed and made me wish for ear plugs. Oh, suck it up Alex I chided myself you’ve heard and seen worse this is cake compared to the Irish job. I mentally rolled my eyes and sipped the dirty martini. 
Scanning over the warehouse I watched and waited. I repeated the pattern from last night stayed forty minutes and moved on to the next hellhole. Five hours later I limped from the last club and staggered up to my bike. I yawned and pulled on the protective clothing. With tired eyes and a roar, I took off down the road and pulled up next to my SUV. I revved the engines a couple of times to awaken my back up.
Great partners these two. They definitely got my back while I’m out here.
Once Jason looked semi alert I revved the engine a final time and let go of the brake. I was flying. 
The wind raced with the Ducati blowing through my clothes viciously clawing against my skin. Ripping away at my hair till it flew behind me like a flag. This was music, poetry, living the greatest feeling of all. Until I ran out of gas and the wind stopped howling and I remembered what I running from. Who I was running from.
I zoomed past the gates and up my drive way. Yanking the helmet off I tilted my head up to the sky. I missed the stars back home. There is too much pollution and city lighting you could barely make out Polaris. At home you could see everything, every star, every planet, every wing of the milky way. I let out a tired sigh. One-day Alex, one day. I promised myself. Me and my stupid promises, they were going to get me killed one day. 
*			*			*
I sat in my room that I had called mine for almost six years. I sat on the corner of my bed and pulled on my boots. Standing I shrugged on a jacket before racing down the stairs to breakfast. The stairs opened up to the living room and kitchen on the far side on the left. I walked to the breakfast bar. My eyes tracing over the things that made our mountain house a home. Worn leather furnishings, that has held countless movie nights, sleep overs, and young teenage heart break. Soft blankets, pictures graced every flat surface and every wall. Documenting our travels, experiences, our joy. Dad stood with his back to me manning the stove.
	The heavenly aroma of bacon, pancakes, and maple syrup swirled through the room. I walked to the cabinets and pulled juice glasses as well as mugs, and our herbal tea mixtures. I made our daily tea, filled the cups with juice before setting the table.
	“Alexi today you’re hunting.” Dad says before forking a large section of pancakes into his mouth. Not the first time I play the hunter but it’s a rare occurrence.
	“Sounds good. Don’t forget that Elliot and Macy are picking me up at six, don’t worry we’ll be back by ten.” I assure him, Elliot and Macy are twins and the closest thing I have to best friends. He nodded and I ate. “Oh, and parent teacher conferences are next Tuesday through Thursday. You know to remind you how awesome your daughter is.” I say around a mouthful of food.
	He wrinkles his noise at me. “Your grades may be perfect but your manners are far from it.”
	I laugh. “Says the man that raised me. Also, I don’t have class those days. So, I was hoping to attend the gun and knife show in Helena?” I plead, swallowing beforehand this time. 
	He rolls his eyes at me but nods anyways. Whoop! 
	That was the day he died before we walked into our beloved forest.
*			*			*
I jerked awake and out of the memory. Tears lined my lids. What a beautiful and horrible thing to wake up to. Everything I should want and what I lost. When I came to St. Louis twelve months ago I was on the run and I ran into Nathan. One way to put it was that we ran into each other a few more times but that would be stretching the truth. 
I was only supposed to be here for a few weeks max. Something about him. He was a honey coated trap and I was a pissed off bee just needing something sweet and beautiful. Then it turned into something real. He sucked me into his world, it was different and exciting. I couldn’t out run the past, not then and not now. Now I’m here, back in this city, less than twenty miles from him. It might as well be an ocean.
I released a cleansing breath and put the past back in its box and placed it into the black decaying heart of mine. 
I mentally gathered the day’s plan and swung my legs out of bed. I had a meeting with a sneaky little hacker. First things first I thought coffee. I prepped the coffee maker and threw in an extra scoop, Ametia tended to like her coffee on the strong side. I shook my head in disbelief I was actually doing something nice for the psycho. 
I looked over to her dozing form. “I hope you appreciate this.” I muttered before gathering my clothes and heading to the shower. I passed Jason passed out on his cot which sometime in the few hours I was sleep he dragged in front of the data board. 
I sighed I might need to talk to him about this. How the drive the obsession of the hunt that kept his mind prisoner will one day destroy him if he didn’t let it go. Coming from me that would be a joke and a half. I shook my head and could only hope we’d find this kid, for all our sakes. 
I turned on the shower and let the water heat up. Stripping down I analyzed my body, the scar tissue that took up more of my skin than I liked. Each line, each curve of the raised silver skin held a story. The faint old ones from practice when I was younger before this whole ordeal began. Then there were the ugly ones, the ones like the one on my face and on my bicep. A set of claw marks ranging across my stomach starting from the bottom of my left ribcage and ran down to my right thigh. A bullet hole in my right thigh three inches below the claws I got in Phoenix. Another bullet hole in my right shoulder, the shoulder and arm that held my pledge of loyalty tattoos. 
The markings that dated back to when I started blackening my soul. When I degraded myself ruined myself all for what? My quest of revenge my need for answers. I pursed my lips, I did horrible things I was a blood and bone monster. The two people in my place didn’t even begin to see it. 
I stepped into the steaming shower. At the beginning I was lost my father was just murdered I had hopped on the bus in Helena, Montana. Then headed to Seattle, Washington. There I got lazy I grieved for my father and got the scar on my arm. After that I didn’t stop moving was never in one town longer than an hour while going through Oregon and California jumping from bus to bus always moving. I had two run ins in California. One with monsters and another with those things. Until Phoenix, Arizona I was so tired practically sleep walking in the middle of the night when the monster jumped me.
My Fog rose up to defended me and kept me alive even as my intestines started falling out of my abdomen and into my hands. I just barely managed to finish off the creature before my legs gave out from losing to much blood. I was on the verge of passing out when the boy found me and took me to his grandmother. The woman who healed me, gave me protection form those hunting me and somehow knew my true name. 
I stayed with them until I was healed and then I got back on the road. I traveled north zig zagging my way to Wyoming then headed east until I landed in Chicago. I was only planning to stay for a little while but then I was attacked, humans. Nothing I couldn’t handle. Turned out those foolish men worked for one of the most vicious mafia families in the United States. Vadim Anatoly was head of the Anatoly family. When he heard what happened to his boys he was curious to say the least. Using street rats and the corrupt boys in blue he managed to track me down and kidnap me.
When he met me, he was surprised. Like all powerful men when they see something powerful they want it. They want to control it. He wanted to control me. I might have been able to fight my way out but I had an idea. A crazy, stupid, harebrained idea. I would work for him be his muscle and be used as an arm candy. Like a politician has a gorgeous woman on his arm I’d be that and be his body guard. I was the perfect weapon. 
After three horrible bloody months, I got free from his clutches. I made a frenemy from another powerful organization, the FBI. I would give them priceless information in exchange for my father’s case file. When I left, I left the family and organization in ashes. Those who were still alive were in prison awaiting trial with enough evidence to keep them behind bars for a few life times. Murder, bribery, blackmail, kidnapping, arson, assault, drug and weapon running, fraud, tax evasion and so much more. They were destroyed and I had innocent blood on my hands. 
When I was on the inside, I had to follow every order Vadim gave me. He trusted me that’s what brought him down and what blackened my soul. I did what I could for the people whose lives I had interfered with. I set up trusts funds for the innocent so every week they got money to help them survive. Medical bills, rent, school, whatever they needed and unfortunately those medical bills usually came from my hands. There is no excuse for that and there never will be. I am just as bad as the men I put in jail. The symbol of the Russian mob was inked on my right shoulder blade.
I tilted my head into the water hopping it would wash away my sins; my guilt, my shame. I was leaving Chicago when I stopped at a tiny diner on the out skirts of St. Louis. I was only going to stop for an hour but then I met him. Something about him made me nervous, the kind of nervous that had butterflies in my stomach. There was something about him that intrigued me.
Before I got back on the highway my contact in the FBI Special Agent Mathews called. Some high-end mercenaries had been contacted from Chicago. There was a bullseye on my back and a lot of money being offered for my head. I made a quick plan to stay in St. Louis to take care of the hit men. I rationalized it by saying since I was so close to Chicago any idiot worth his weight in salt could track me down. It was a lie, I wanted to see him again. I did, I stayed in St. Louis for almost three months, three amazing months until I was forced to leave. 
I was contacted by Mathews he had another job for me. More information, other murders like my dad’s. So, I went back to deep cover working for the Chinese Triad in New York City. A dragon wrapped around my bicep, was their mark. I stayed for a few months until I gained their trust and got dirt. Then I took my new leads and followed up on them until they went cold then I went back to Mathews. Next, I worked for the Irish Mob in Boston. A four-leafed clover, with their name ink on the inside of my wrist. Same story until I was hunting for the killers and then I met Don and here we are. Back in this cursed city. 
Every time I moved I was tracked and not just by hired killers. The things that killed dad. They were always there, in the shadows, watching, waiting, but for what?
I turned the water to cold hopping to escape the past and only to come back to the troubled present. Turning off the water I wrapped a towel around my body, I wrung out my hair and brushed it before binding it in a loose Dutch braid. I quickly dried off and slipped into my clothes; A tank top with a loose fitting rose colored long sleeve shirt, a pair of black skinny jeans, and to finish the outfit mile high tan leather boots. 
I gathered my sleeping clothes and faced the mirror, I didn’t look into it I knew what I looked like. A blonde, blue and brown eyed, teenager with circles under the eyes and hollow cheeks. Yep, I would look like crap if I had the nerve to look in the mirror. Gone were the days when pure joyful amusement shined in my eyes. A sweet genuine smile graced my lips and an innocent blush coated my cheeks. 
I sighed, that girl was gone but that girl wouldn’t have survived this lunatic world. Thank the Gods, for the mobs to toughen her up and eradicate her from existence. Or maybe not. But I had to do what it took to survive. Ha yeah, I don’t believe that crap for a minute my inner voice mocked. 
I sighed and walked out of the bathroom. Ametia and Jason sat fully dressed at the table eating omelets. “Good your dressed we have a meeting with a scoundrel that’s gonna find your kid sibling. Be ready in an hour.”
*			*			*
“Watch your pockets in these parts. Pick pockets run amok in this square. Anyone bumps into you I guarantee you it isn’t an accident.” I warned them Ametia’s eyes glazed over. Jason shrugged. I rolled my eyes and shook my head. 
We left the car and headed across the square. I was meeting Isaac in the park, the park across the open area. We started walking. Halfway across I bumped into a well-dressed man, we exchanged apologies before continuing on. Twenty feet later ran into an early twenties tall athlete. I sighed.
As the athlete passed me I grabbed his arm and pulled him to me. I reached up and whispered in his ear. “Signal your team.” I ordered, then threw in for good measure. “Please.”
His breath caught and I tightened my grip in warning. He ground his teeth and nodded, then flashed a hand signal behind his back.
Up front Jason called. “Alex what’s going on?” He inquired.
I stepped back from the guy but didn’t release him. “You’ll see.” Soon enough two young men and a preteen boy circled around us. None of them I recognized and none of them appeared to recognize me. Good.
“Alex?” Jason warned his voice and posture tense.
I ignored him and turned to the leader. “I propose a trade, your wallet for hers.” I jerked my head to Ametia and fished out the leader’s wallet from my pocket and held it up with two fingers. 
Everyone’s but the but the leaders jaw dropped, his clenched. His dark eyes swore at me. I smiled innocently. “Cute pictures by the way.”
The leader’s nostrils flared and he just jerked a nod to my guy. He pulled out a vomit pink wallet. I waved Ametia up.
“Check to see if everything’s there.” When she gave the all clear I tossed the wallet to its owner. “Pleasure doing business with you.”  I released the athlete and started walking away. Then turned and called out. “By the way you guys need to work on your marking techniques.” I gave a wink, turned and continued walking. 
I caught up to idiot one and idiot two. “I know you think the only thing that comes out of this mouth is crap a 100% of the time but time to face the facts. It’s more like 60% of the time. Now when I warn you of something that might kill, injure, or when it can jeopardize the reason we’re here it’s usually the truth. Do I need to explain what just happened and how I warned you about it?”
Jason answered rather than Ametia. “You can do that right after you explain how you did that. All of that.”
I dramatically sighed and flipped my hair. “I’m like, totally awesome.” I said with a Jersey accent. That got me some horrified looks. “What makes you think you can doubt me and get a straight answer.” I snorted and laughed. “Ha, better and worse men have tried and failed buttercups. Get used to disappointment.” 
Ametia protested with an “eww,” at the same time Jason murmured “I’m figuring that out.” 
We split up a few yards from the entrance of the park. I entered first Jason and Ametia would wait a few minutes before following me. I wondered around the fountain and out of ridiculous superstition threw a penny into the water with a quick prayer of being able to do this. Isaac sat on the other side of the fountain twenty feet down on a bench. 
He tossed bread crumbs to the pigeons gathered at his feet.
“Kitty Cat.” He acknowledged. I shifted in my seat and scowled.
“We’re off to such a good start Isaac don’t make me kill you so soon.” I warned with a smile and a light voice.
He laughed. “You won’t kill me. Not until you have this information.” He fanned himself with a manila file. I moved the newspaper I held in my lap and set it between our bodies.
“Have you looked at the current events. There are some nasty things going on in the world.” I shook my head in disgust.
“I don’t bother, it’s not like any of it is actually true. Best way to destroy and control us is for us to be uniformed.”    
“Always the conspiracist.” I muttered. He shrugged not confirming nor denying my accusation. We sat in silence, rare for Isaac. Usually you couldn’t shut him up. What was the little man thinking? What was he planning?
	“What do you want with the girl?” He inquired his tone cautious. Wary for her well-being? A girl, Jason had a sister, another one anyway. 
	“I intend the girl no harm.” I assured.
	“What about the others your traveling with? Do they intend her harm?” I didn’t bother being surprised. If he didn’t know about Jason or Ametia that would be surprising and alarming.
	“Careful Isaac wouldn’t want people to think you actually heart buried in your Cyborg body.” I teased, his upper lip lifted and turned his head to deliver a glare. I smiled sweetly.
	“Aww you actually do care.” I laid a hand over my heart. “How sweet.” Now he did snarl.
	“Can’t prove that, you witch.”   
	I gave a mock sniffle and wiped my cheeks for pretend tears. “I think I just did.” Before he could rip my head off I plucked the file from his fingers and walked away. Not bothering with good byes.
	I joined the others at the north entry. Jason’s hungry eyes devoured the presence of the file.
	“Is that what I think is it?” He asked desperation taking the back seat and hope blooming in his eyes.
	“Indeed, it is. Let’s go over it at a café.”
	Ametia huffed in disgust. “You’re always hungry.”
I raised my brows as if to ask is that a bad thing?
	Jason’s forehead furrowed but he didn’t say anything.
	We walked around the corner to a hole in the wall café. The cafes walls were painted a light serene blue with white trimming, pictures of Paris gracing the walls, the cushions on the booths and seats were a white with black fleur de lis fabric. All and all the place was well kept and beautiful, with a cozy relaxing atmosphere. Almost immediately after sitting down a waitress dropped off the menus. I looked through the menu and settled on a large breakfast. We didn’t say anything until the waitress returned and took our order. I got a large coffee, a meat lovers omelet with country potatoes, and a croissant. Both Ametia and Jason ordered a large orange juice and waffles. Once she was gone I laid the file in the middle of the table and flipped it open. 
	The face of a Fae looked back at us. Bright almost neon light blue eyes framed by dark lashes were set in a small angular face, her facial structure screamed delicate, soft angles and she had dark blond hair. This was her Jason’s sister. 
	The first page was just a screen shot of her face. The next held all her information. Everything we needed to save her life. Hope sparked in my chest we might actually get this done. We might actually save her. 
	“Her name is Ellie Bell.” Jason’s breath came out in a rush. Ametia snorted.
	“Seriously? Please tell me your joking?” She all but begged. I smothered a grin. It truly was a horrendous name. 
	Jason was far too ecstatic about this intelligence to care about her name. “Yeah.” He waved this topic away as he possessed the file and devoured its contents. His lips moved as he silently read. It was kind of an endearing adorable quality. His head never raised a fraction of an inch and he read the twenty-page file. Even when the food came his head never moved although he did pull his plate in front of him and guarded it with the file and used one hand to eat the other to read. 
	Ametia and I shared an amused look then politely ignored each other and we downed our second breakfast of the day. I looked out the window as I ate and ignored the memories poking at my consciousness pleading to be seen.    
	Ametia and I polished off our meals and reordered drinks as we waited for Jason to finish reading. It seemed he either was a slow reader or he reread each page before flipping to the next one. 
	Twenty minutes later dropped the closed file on the table, gave a weary sigh. “I know where to find her. She works at one of the clubs that you visited Alex. According to this she wasn’t working those nights. But she is working tonight. The file gives an address for her foster home but it also says she doesn’t live there. We can find her.” Hope waged a war in his eyes and won.
	I dropped cash on the table and stood up. “Update Duke, it’s time to save your sister.”
Chapter Sixteen
My body moved to the raging beat of the music. My mind and senses scanned the room waiting, hoping to find her. Jason and Ametia danced a few feet away keeping a look out as well. Ametia’s wild curly hair bounced and floated her movements. She was definitely taking advantage of the situation to dance up close and personal with Jason. 
Poor girl, she didn’t even realize he wasn’t paying any attention to his dance partner. It could be a guy grating against him and he wouldn’t even notice. 
A sharp zing went through my fingertips like an electric current. She’s here and she’s a power house. Jason and I exchanged a look. He gave Ametia a shake. Her movements ended there. I moved to the rear exit sign and the electric tingle intensified. We were going the right direction, that was something at least.
I was the first out of the exit. My eyes swept the alley looking for her. I looked past the couple kissing and groping against the side of the building. To a figure retreating down the alley. The body appeared to be the right size and height. I nudged Jason and jerked my chin in her direction.
	We followed the figure until I broke from the group. I hoped Jason understood my hand signal of what I planned to do. I took a right between two other warehouses that connected to the street. I followed the street into the mouth of the alley I left Jason and Ametia. Just as I arrived the girl came up to the mouth.
	“Ellie?” I asked stepping into her path. She stepped up into the faint lighting. Her dark blond hair was cut into a bob cut. With the cat eye liner, dark red lips, along with a dress so tight it could be painted on she looked like she just stepped out of the 1920’s. 
	“Who wants to know?” Her husky voice asked. She raised her chin in defiance and strength. Another little girl lost in a scary world, left alone to protect herself.
	“A friend” I replied. Jason and Ametia stopped a few feet behind Ellie. Before either of us could speak the hairs on the back of my neck tingled and my Instinct came roaring.
	I ducked and pivoted around just as the sharp ‘crack’ came sounding. I turned to a short, stocky, balding man holding a Glock walked up. Recognition burned through my memory. Notorious psychotic mercenary Fonte Senare. He was also at my safe house posing as a city official. Stupid Alex getting caught off guard not once but twice. Especially, with innocents in the way.
	Jason moved forward and Fonte drew another Glock aiming at his head.
	“Jason get the girl and go. Do you understand?” I ask, my voice coming out as a growl. Jason jerked his head and Ametia sprung forward grabbing the girls arm, then dragging her away.
	Fonte laughed. “So, a girl like you can make friends?” He sneered. “So what name are you going by now? You do have a lot of them. Kisa, May Winters, Fan, one and a half months later you were Kieara. There are a lot of powerful people who want your head on a platter. With your bounty I will retire a very rich man. One little girl.” He chuckles “I bet half the are lies.”
	A deadly monstrous smile spread across my face. With a flick of my wrists my long daggers shot out of their sheaths. 
	“I bet on your life that all those stories are true.” I taunted before flying toward him. The flat side of my blade slapped his wrist but not before another shot got set off. Unflinching I drove my blade into his heart. I danced around him and slit his throat from ear to ear before he could blink.
	“That’s for your victims. Tell Vadim I’ll see him in Hell.” I whispered in his ear as he tumbled to his knees. I yanked my blades free and whipped them clean on his pant leg. 
	A strangled cry came from Jason. I whipped around to find him crumpled in the alley way. Before I could go to him I had to take care of the mercenary. Sheathing my blades, I dragged his body to a dumpster and folded him into a corner. That would do for now.
I ran to Jason, skidding on my knees once at his side. Quickly I inspected him until a deep red patch grew in his pant leg caught my eye. Ripping open the pant leg I inspected the wound, it was a flesh wound but unfortunately, I saw no exit wound. Shit the bullet was still in there. Three inches above his knee on the outside flesh, clear of the femoral artery that was enough reason to pray and thank the Gods. 
	“Jason.” I called. “Stay with me.” No response I slapped his cheek lightly and that brought him to consciousness. “Jason, I need you to stand up. You have a wound in your leg and it’s going to hurt like hell. We need to get you to my place. Do you understand? Come on Jason come back to me.” This night, it hit to close to home. Opening a wound that had just started to heal.
	I unbuckled his belt and slipped it two inches above the wound, wrapping it snugly before snapping it into place. Jason threw a limp arm over my shoulders. I nearly wept with relief. I helped him sit up, wrapping an arm around his waist and hauling him to his feet.
	“Jeez Jason do you have to be built like a linebacker?” He gave a light, short laugh then groaned in pain. “I know; I know” I murmured.
	With an uneven gait we limped to the truck where Ametia and Ellie waited. Spotting us Ametia shot out of the car. Having Ametia hold him up I climbed into the back and hefted him up. I ripped off Ametia’s flimsy top leaving her in her tank top.
	Bundling up the shirt I pressed it against his wound and looked to Ametia. “Press this against the wound with consistent pressure.” I instructed she crawled in and did as she was told. Ellie began giving whimpering sounds that pushed my grip on my sanity. 
	I jumped into the driver’s seat and drove like a mad man back to the house. All while Ellie’s plea full sobs continued.
	“Ellie, I get you’re freaking out right now but I need you to hang in there. My friend and I are here to help you. We’ll explain everything soon.”
I raced down the drive way and slammed on the breaks as we got too close to the garage door. I hopped out and raced to unlock the door then was back in the Suburban and shooting forward into the safety of the complex. I slammed the driver’s seat door as I rushed to the garage doors and locked us safely inside.  
	I hurtled myself to Ametia’s side and threw the door open. Ametia’s tear stained face looked up from Jason’s body. “He’s breathing is rapid and shallow, heart beat is erratic, and his skin is cool and clammy.” She cried in distress. All signs of shock. Not good Alex.
	“Grab his legs.” I instructed Ametia and I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and upper body and hauled his body out of the car. My muscles strained screaming in delight and anger as they held up his well-built chest and torso. He couldn’t just be well filled out no he had to be bordering on the fine line of bulky.
The girl continued to whimper but thankfully followed us as we hauled Jason down the hall and up the stairs to the apartment. I barked at the girl to open the door and she teetered onto the other side from frightened to terrified and her cried turned into pleas for mercy. 
Ametia glared at me and bared her teeth. “Take it easy. She’s just a kid.” I narrowed my eyes in response but otherwise ignored her. 
	We carried Jason into the small room and set him on Ametia’s cot. Well this certainly brought back memories of my own gunshot wound in my thigh, oh how history repeats its self. I turned to the girl and pinched the nerve in her neck sending her into unconsciousness. I caught her body before she hit the ground. Her 5’ 1” frame a relief compared to Jason’s bulk. I laid her on my cot.
	“Ametia.” I called she dragged her worried gaze from Jason to me. “I need your help. This is one of those times when you listen and do everything I say without hesitation. Otherwise he will die. Do you understand he will die if you argue?” She gave a rapid nod and hurried to my side.
Running to the tool chest. I ripped it open and hurried through the contents until I got to the IV bags and various syringes filled with drugs. I gathered those supplies and began the process of inserting the IV into Jason’s arm. I hung up the bag and grabbed a syringe. I pulled the cap off with my teeth and mentally calculated his weight and the dosage side. 
	I flicked the tube and pressed the plunger, evicting any air bubbles. I screwed the syringe into the IV port and pushed in half of the liquid into his blood stream. Norepinephrine bitartrate a strong drug used to increase heart rate. If I didn’t do this then he’d die, and that I couldn’t allow to happen.  
	“Get over here and rip his pant leg open.” I instructed as I went to the counter, and started scrubbing my hands. I nudged Ametia aside after she did as I asked. I pulled on gloves.
	“Grab that lamp and point the light directly into the wound. Prepare yourself I’m essentially going to have to do surgery on him right now. The bullet is still in his leg and it needs to be removed.” I told her this as I dug through the drawers and began pulling out medical instruments and more syringes. 
	She took this all-in stride. I turned to his leg and was now ready to begin. First, I doused the wound in rubbing alcohol, then took a scalpel and made an inch-wide incision with the hole right in the middle. Poured some more alcohol, dabbed with a piece of gaze, grabbed a spreader and separated the skin and muscle. Took a pair of tweezers and went digging, I felt the lead and grabbed on to it, finished removing it and then dropped it onto the table. Take some more alcohol pour it in, soaked it up, went back in and cleaned up the dead and decaying tissue. I tore open a package that contained a sterile threaded needle. I grabbed long delicate tweezer type instruments and began stitching up the wound. 
	I looked up to Ametia her face was pale and drawn, her eyes horrified. “Look at me.” I ordered gently. She tore her gaze up to me. “I understand this is extremely upsetting but I need you to hold it together for me for just a little longer ok?” She swallowed roughly her skin tinged green. She gave a slow almost mechanical nod.
	“Ok, I need you to go make some coffee, make it extra strong. Once you do that I’ll start to explain. Ok?” I asked, keeping my voice and tone soft but stern.
	She did as I asked and then turned back to me. “What’s happening? What are you doing?”
	“I had to remove the bullet. I gave him a saline IV, I’m starting strong antibiotics, and gave him something that will increase his heart rate.”
	I pulled out another bag that held the antibiotics and set it up next to the IV and connected the two.
	“H-how did you learn to do all this stuff?” Her voice as still shaky but it was gaining strength. 
	“Before I learned any martial arts I had to work as an apprentice to my villages healer that’s how I learned the eastern medicine. I did that for almost six years but my dad kept my knowledge fresh. When we moved to the states, he enrolled me in college classes of first aid and biology and even some med school classes for extreme emergencies. A lot of my skills came from a friend of my dad’s she was a paramedic. I read all of her books and she taught me the difference between theory and field medicine. 
	“Lucky for Jason my stitching skills have gotten much better. Unfortunately, I had to use myself as a pin cushion to get decent at it. I’m no plastic surgeon but the scar shouldn’t be too horrible.” 
I cleaned up my station and prepared for the next round of the process. Once done I grabbed another IV bag and a sedative. I moved to the girl and set her up. Tonight, was going to be too long to deal with her if she woke up, only to fight us. 
Ametia gave a sad sigh. “I miss my dad too. More than anything.”
A heavy lump gathered in my chest. “Me too, me too.”
For the next three hours Ametia and I ingested an unhealthy amount of caffeine. We kept constant vigil over our patient and friend. 
Ametia sat slumped against the wall her eyes open but unseeing, I shook her awake.
“I need to leave for a few hours. Everything is fine now so you can get some sleep. I’ll be back as soon as possible.”
She conked out before her head hit the pillow. I curled my hair into a bun, pulled on a hat, and grabbed a file. I left the apartment and head to a storage unit one floor up. Here I held basic supplies that were not case sensitive. I grabbed a box of medical grade gloves and a tarp. I went down to the garage, threw the stuff in the passenger seat before opening the door and leaving. 
	I drove back to the club and hoped that I hid the body well enough to avoid discovery until I could come back. I stopped in the alley but did not turn off the car. I pulled on a couple layers of gloves grabbed the trap and jumped out. I surveyed the area no drunks or couples that would make this so much easier. 
	In the shadows of the alley they were there. The three figures that had been stalking me since the day my dad died seventeen months ago. They were clad in black silk robes and engrossed in black smoke. I kept moving they observed but didn’t interfere. In the beginning I would attack them but they were made of the same smoke that surrounded them. I went back to work.
I checked around the garbage dump and found him right where I left him. At least something went right tonight. 
	I laid out the trap and rolled/ dragged the body on to it, laid the file on his chest then I wrapped him up and then dragged/ carried it to the trunk and hefted him up. I wrinkled my nose in disgust I am going to need an extensive detailing after this. I thought to myself before slamming the door shut.
	I drove to a respected police prescient. Pulling over before I got in range of their security cameras I covered my license plate. We had enough issues without the cops on our tails. I drove up to the back of the parking lot before dumping the body. The city commissioner and mayor were going to have a field day with this. I wonder if the head detective was going to care enough to find out who killed a mass murderer for hire. Or if he was a standup guy that stuck to his ‘everyone deserves justice’ belief.
Either way it was best to have insurance. I pulled out a secondary burn phone and dialed while exiting the parking lot.
	“Mathews.” He growled across the line. Ooh bad timing, great.
	“I take it from that tone of voice your home with your special lady friend.” I said with a smile in my voice. He heard it and growled in response. 
	“Sorry baby its work.” I caught in a muted soft voice. I heard fabric rustling and the squeak of loose flooring.
	“What do you want at 5:30 in the morning? If you wanted more files you could have called oh I don’t know maybe when the sun actually rises on a Saturday morning.” He snarled
	I smirked. “Apparently I have horrible timing. Sorry I figured you would want to know that there’s a certain body that’s going to be discovered in about thirty minutes and in an hour the FBI’s going to get called in and I figured you would want to start kissing ass to get the case.”
	He stilled and didn’t speak so I started back up again. “So now you need to decide on giving me a raise or start preparing a lecture. I personally would prefer the raise but if you go with the lecture I can hang up so either way I’m cool.”
	He groaned. “What did you do now?”
	I rolled my eyes. “I defended myself thank you very much. His names Fonte Senare and his body is in the St. Louis police department parking lot waiting to be discovered. So, get dressed and get your ass in gear, time for you do your job and cover my ass.”
	“You know I actually have a job that doesn’t always involve you. I hate to break it to your sweetie but you’re not the center of my world.” He teased.
	“Yeah keep telling yourself that while you’re sitting in your badass office in D.C. that you got thanks to whom again? Oh, wait me, that’s right! In addition, Shelia and I talked she’s apparently fine with sharing you.”
	“Please tell me you did not actually talk to my girlfriend?” He begged, it was music to my ears.
	I laughed with a wicked edge and he cursed me out. “Wait, why are you in St. Louis? I thought we agreed that it wasn’t safe for you there.” I sighed.
	“Yeah, well, plans change, so you’re going to keep the heat off of me, right? That was kind of the deal I get you dirt, you keep everything away from me.”
	He sighed. “Have I ever let you down Alex?” He asked sincerely, I hated when he used that tone it made me feel little and young. 
	“No.” I admitted. He has done many things but he has always kept my name and ID out of big brother’s hands. He did his best for the black market but that was more of my domain. 
	“Ok let me take care of this and you take care of yourself. You hear me?” Worry laced his words. Mathews was the only person I would consider a friend. In truth if I wasn’t so defensive I would say he was like the older brother I had never had. However, to admit he meant that much to me, it would ruin me if anything happened to him. Therefore, for now he was a business associate. 
	“Alex, don’t do anything risky. I know how much he means to you.” He sighed “I just don’t want to see you hurt. Christ Alex, you were a mess.” 
	Pain radiated in my chest. I was. I just didn’t want to hear about it. “I know Mathews I was there remember?”
	“I know, just be careful. Don’t mess around with the crew. You hear me?”
	I nodded even though he couldn’t see it. “Trust me I’m trying to avoid them at all cost. I got to go.” I took a breath “Thank you Arch.”
	“Bye kid.”
	I got back to the apartment about four hours after I left, meaning it was about six in the morning and I still hadn’t slept. I stumbled into the kitchen bypassing a sleeping Ametia and headed straight to the coffee pot. Someone in heaven loved me the pot was hot and completely full. 
I did I quick check up on Jason, his coloring was good as was his pulse and breathing. I changed his bandages. Stripping out of my clothes, too tired to care that anyone of them could wake up any moment and stepped into a pair of sleep pants and a tank top. I downed the last of the coffee, grabbed the timer and crawled into bed for a cat nap.

Chapter Seventeen
Vadim gave a flash of teeth at the man tied up in front of him. He leaned forward and dragged the knife through the man’s skin. He started at the end of the eye brow and zig zagged his way to the man’s nose. Inflicting maximum pain, humiliation, and degradation to the man. 	
“Don’t feel like speaking?” He gave the bleeding man a nasty little grin then it morphed into pure sadism. Vadim clocked his head to me. “Darling.” He purred. “I need the truth, come and help?” It was phrased as a question, but it wasn’t. 
Disgust curdled in my gut, God forgive me. I gave a wicked grin and came up to Vadim taking the knife. “Yes master” I hiss in delight.
*			*			*
The man from two months earlier from Chicago sat in front of me. He didn’t know who I was on the account of his being blind, but I knew. From the look of pure glee Zane did too. From the minute I laid eyes on Zane I knew he hated me with a cold fury I didn’t understand. He went out of his way to toy with me. He treated me like an adorable kitten with tiny claws.
Zane was like Vadim in that way. They deluded themselves into thinking they could control the sweet looking kitten when in reality the kitten in their midst was a tiger with three-inch claws. Meant for scratching, ripping, shredding, and one day I was going to rip Zane apart.
Whether I was going to go after his little criminal empire like I did Vadim’s or go for his throat I hadn’t decided. I had time, lots and lots of time. I couldn’t make my move until Nathan was protected. I didn’t understand why I had to meet caring, compassionate, perfect Nathan when I did. I shouldn’t have. I would ruin him. I ruined everyone. Just ask my dad, oh wait he’s dead. As if sensing the direction of my thoughts Zane leaned into me and pressed his lips to my ear whispering.
“I wonder what poor kind Nathan would think of the girl whom he shares his bed with?” I snarled under my breath. I knew now I was going to turn his throat to ribbons. 
*			*			*
Light streamed through the window and into the thin membrane of my eye lids jolting me from sleep. The sun was too high for seven o’clock. I jumped out of bed and ran into the kitchen area to find Jason awake and cooking. He was leaning heavily against the wall and stove as he stirred something in a frying pan. He was off the IV, which isn’t horrible as long as he drank lots of liquid. I stumbled in and went straight for the coffee. 
Once I gulped down half a steaming cup I bothered to acknowledge the rest of the room and really check on Jason.
“You shouldn’t be standing your leg needs rest not physical activity.” I warned, I looked around but didn’t see Ametia. Then checked the time it was after 9 in the morning. I topped my mug and doctored up the black liquid this time. 
He shrugged. “We heal quickly. Before the yelling begins I want to say thank you for saving my life.”
I grimaced. “Do we really need to do the yelling?” I asked hoping to swindle my way out of whatever he was going to say.
“Well considering last night you murdered a man. Yes, I believe some loud angry discussion is in order.” 
I sighed. “I killed him in self-defense, not cold-blooded murder.” Jason gave me an empty glare. “His name is Fonte Senare he is a mercenary, hitman, whatever you want to call it. He is also one of the best in the business. Fonte has been in the game longer than either of us have been alive. He’s ruthless, power hungry, operates by no one’s rules but his own. He is driven and cares about one thing and one thing only. Money. He has no morals; doesn’t give a damn about the life he snuffs out. Only cares about the check before and after the job is done.”
“He called you Kisa. Wait, wait, wait” his mind back peddled, “if he’s a hitman then…” The dots were coming together. 
“Yes. Fonte was hired to kill me.” I stated easily, this was nothing new to me. Jason’s face paled and not on account to his injury. 
“Is that why you glance over your shoulder every forty seconds?” His question logical but he was digging. Digging is bad. 
“Yes, it is well known that I spent time here. Humans have a habit of returning to where they know. Logically they assumed that one day I would return. I wouldn’t have but unforeseen circumstances.” I shrugged, my expression carefully detached. 
	Ametia came through the door. "She’s awake." Then promptly left. All thoughts of me flew from Jason’s mind as he limped after her and I followed. Internally sighing with relief good no yelling, for now.
	Ellie was huddled between the toilet and bathtub. Her body vibrated with her shaking. Jason kneeled two feet in front of her.
	“I know your scared and confused but I need you to listen to me. Can you do that?” Jason asked his tone soft and soothing. The girl didn’t respond, but she did relax slightly. “My name is Jason, this is Ametia, and that is Alex. We know that in the last few weeks you’ve been attacked by something not quite right. Something not human. See you’re special, and we’re here to help you and keep you safe.”
She looked at each of us as Jason introduced us. Her eyes widened when she saw me leaning against the wall. She recognized me, yet I don’t recall seeing her before, interesting. I wonder what crowd she runs with in the underground district. I thought she wouldn’t say anything but I was mistaken.
	"You’re her, aren’t you? I never thought you would show your face in this state let alone in this city after you left. They said you promised never to return." Apparently, she knew me better than I had thought, unfortunately I was on the brink of a very fine line this morning.
	"Yes, well apparently saving your life is worth more than a liars promise.” I reply before turning and leaving. 
	"More secrets Alex? Why shouldn’t I be surprised?" Ametia’s voice mocked behind me. Whatever truce that was called last night was now officially over. I sighed this morning was not turning out into a good one.
	"Like I said you should never believe a liar; we're bound to make fools out of you." I replied before entering the hall. I moved down the stairs and to the garage. Lovely, forced from my home, again. 
	I started at my truck in frustration. You could never out run the past, can you? Nope because that would be too damn easy.
	"Would you like to tell me how you know my sister? And why didn’t you mention it." I growled, I would never be alone? Would I?
	"I don’t." 
	"Do you ever stop lying?" He demanded, he seemed angrier now than when I had killed Fonte.
	"Actually, this is one of the few times I’m not lying. She must have started running with them right before or after I left. Although she could have been with them before I even came to St. Louis it’s not like I worked with all of them." Jason walked until he was in front of me.
	"Running with who?" He ground out, his jaw twitching.
	"Remember those kids who stole Ametia’s wallet in the Square?"
	"Of course. You somehow stole the leader’s wallet and gave in back in exchange for hers."
	"Them. She runs with them."
	"What do you mean she runs with them. Their thieves."
	"Yes, they are sort of. Those kids they don’t work alone. They work for someone but that’s not explaining it properly. They are trained to be thieves it’s kind of like an apprentice-ship thing. I don’t know how to explain it but I worked with some of the people she trains with. That’s probably how she recognized me."
	"Do you have any idea how frustrating it is to talk to you? Wait are you saying my sister is a thief?"
	"No. I am not I am saying she’s in training to be one. Don’t talk to me about frustrating." I snap. "Now as much fun as this is I’m tired and don’t feel like sharing anymore."
	"Sharing is that what you call it? I’d call it colorfully evading questions." 
	"Have you ever thought that some secrets should stay in the dark?" 
	"No, I have never believed that. Only the truth can make things right."
	"The truth.” I sneer. “There is no such thing as the truth. The truth is a lie everything is a lie. The sooner you learn that the better off you will be. My secrets they’re better off in the blackest night. Because the moment you crawl into my head and my past is the moment you-" I cut off and turned away I took a breath. You really need to stop trying to solve the riddle of my life. Stop before it gets you killed."
	I stared at my truck and all I could think was crap. If she was part of his crew, this little rescue mission got that much more complicated.
	I pulled out my phone and dialed. Shit.
	"Do you know a girl about fifteen called Ellie?" I asked instead of a hello.
	"Why?" The word stressed with a biting undertone.
	I groaned and rubbed my head. "Shit Nathan. I screwed up. Can you come over? Now?"
	"What happened and what does it have to do with Ellie?" He asked with an edge.
"She's the girl I'm here for Nathan." He hung up and I hoped that was a yes.

Part Two



At the end of this journey
Will there be any part of me worth scavenging?
Is there an actual end?
Will I be able to sleep at night?
Will I be able to look myself in the mirror?
Will there ever be an end?
Chapter Eighteen
Twenty minutes later I got my answer. Nathan strode through the door and looked solely at me.
	"Where is she?" He asks roughly. I pointed to the room and he found her asleep on the cot inside.
	"What's he doing here?" Jason asked. I sighed. I didn't have time for territorial B.S. I ignored Jason and watched Nathan as he assessed the girl.
	"What do you want with her? What's going on?” His eyes were tired and sad instead of angry like I had expected. I should know better Nathan didn't react like I expected him to. He rarely did.
	Jason jumped in. "Don't talk to her like that. Who the hell do you think you are to walk in here and demanding answers. Ellie is none of your business." Oh, yay a knight in shining freaking armor. My freaking hero.
	Nathan ignored him and kept eye contact with me. "Ellie is like me Nathan." Is all I said. It was all I had to say. His eyes flared minutely and his mouth tightened.
	"Shit Kat. You’re in deep shit. Again."
	 I rolled my eyes and shrugged "I'm always in trouble, the only new thing is the three stooges I got to keep alive as well."
	He shook his head. "Ok I'll help."
	Jason moved up to us. "Will someone explain why we need your help because we don't."
	I turned to Jason breaking eye contact with Nathan. "Remember when I said Ellie runs with the pick pocket kids, well so does Nathan and the only way to leave the city with her without dying in a ditch somewhere is with his help. Now shut up and let the adults talk."
	Nathan had turned to study the map. "Clean work Kat though I expect nothing less. I was sent to look at these locations after she was attacked. You know how he likes to take care of his investments." I glowered at his words. Yes, yes, I did know.
	"I couldn't make heads or tails of it except that they looked very similar to another one." Yeah ours I thought sourly.
	"So, what do we do? Can we pay her debt?" I asked while moving up next to him.
	"That's the only way but with you involved he's going to jack up the rate."
	"As if he hasn't wrung enough money out of me." I muttered bitterly "how much do you think?"
	 He rubbed his jaw in thought. "I'd say two, three hundred." 
	Jason snorted. "Two or three hundred dollars are you kidding?" He asked in disbelief although I wasn't sure what his angle was.
	Nathan gave a humorless laugh. "I wish. No more like two or three hundred thousand. You’re lucky you found her when you did. Three more months and her real training would have started and then you'd be around eight hundred thousand." 
	Jason went white. "You have to be joking. The San- they don't have that kind of money to throw around." He shook his head. "We should just take our chances. We have connections that can protect her. If she even needs protection." 
	Nathans shoulders tightened. Jason needs to stop talking about things he doesn't understand. "His reach is very broad and he has a lot of pull when it comes to people in power. If you take something he perceives as his he'll stop at nothing to take it back and make you regret the day."
	Jason strode in front Nathan getting right into his face. "That's my sister your talking about not something, some possession to be controlled. We can protect her." 
	I rolled my eyes testosterone is the stupidest thing on the God’s green earth. I moved up to get between them. "As entertaining as this is promising to be. Knock it off I'm not going to be patching either one of you up if you get into this. And it'll piss me off. Are either of you stupid enough to do that?" Nathan had already learned this particular lesson. Jason he's only known me what two weeks he didn't have a clue about me. 
	Jason took a step back relenting to the fight he'd been itching for. I leaned into Nathan and whispered. "哪裡是你的獵人面膜" Where is your hunters mask? Nathan closed his eyes and nodded. When his eyes opened his hunters, mask emerged. His hunters mask was what I called his conning face.
	"Tell me about this guy. I want to know everything and I want to know it now. You said that it was an apprenticeship kind of thing. That he was a part of it." He looked away from me and started examining Nathan. 
	Ametia came through the door and raised an eyebrow at us. No one bothered to get her up to date. She just sat down and watched Nathan and I. A gleam I had never seen before glowed in her eyes.
	"You explain. Now!" Jason demanded. Nathan watched me, I gave a slight drop of my chin in confirmation. He moved to the dinning set and sat down. He gave me a questioning look and a raised eye brow and began.
	 "His name is Zane and he is the world's greatest thief and con artist. Ten years ago, him and other thieves opened up a guild house of sorts. They find kinds out on the street. Then teach them how to lie and steal. How to become a professional. 
	"He has watchers that keep an eye on the streets looking for talent. When he finds one, he has someone approach us, they usually become their mentor. The mentor takes the new candidate under his wing and trains the recruit. Before the recruit starts training they meet Zane and he informs them that if they go through the training then at the end they will owe him a lot of money. More money than they’ll be able to pay off easily."
	"Wait if they knew they would owe him that much money why would they agree to it?" Jason leans forward on the table watching Nathans every move.
	"Most of the kids come from a broken home. Trying to escape some demon from their past. Being offered an opportunity that gives them control over their lives and even others. It's, it's not something that one can easily pass up." His tone was carefully arranged. Not too much emotion showing how close this hit home and not so little emotion that he was heartless. I knew him. I knew how much he hated this. I knew how much he despised Zane.
	I saw his pain and his soul. His mother was a good woman until his father died then she became a drunk and his step father was a waste of space human being. All he wanted was to become a regular kid. Go to college, fall in love, become a teacher, get married, and have kids. He just wanted the American dream complete with the white picket fence. Being a con artist wasn't exactly on his bucket list. He was just a kid desperate for a real life, a normal life when they found him. 
	"So how are we going to get the money? We don't have that kind of resources." Jason looked lost, liked a kicked puppy. 
	"Call Isaac." I instruct Nathan. "Tell him to get his skinny ass over here." Nathan nodded and moved across the room with his cell phone. 
	"Isaac, isn't that the hacker?" Ametia asked.
	"Unfortunately, yes." I answered blandly, my eyes were on Nathan. They've been on Nathan since the second he walked through the door. When I couldn't see him, my thoughts were all over him. It was pointless to deny it; I was still in love with him. Who ever said distance made the heart grow fonder was right and I hated them. 
	"I don't understand why are you calling Isaac and how are we going to pay Zane?" 
	"I'm going to pay him. Nathan is calling Isaac so he can wire the money out of my account and deposit it into escrow so we can pay the bastard and get the girl safe." I ground out. 
	Jason opened his mouth, never a good sign. Ametia cut him a sharp look that shut him up. Who knew I'd be happy with Ametia around.
	I got up and started a pot of tea. A body brushed past me and settled next to me. Nathan. He started handing me ingredients. 
	"Nine months, new scars and tattoos, real answers and you still make the same tea when your stressed out and you need to think." The first smile of the day broke through. For the love of my sanity my heart fluttered like a maniac. 
	"You forgot a massive migraine coming along. In all honesty how have you been?" I slammed my jaw shut a second too late. 
	A short laugh erupted. "Same old Kat no tact except when conning poor criminals." 
	"I have tact until it comes to you. Everyone else there's no issue. Have you gotten your head scanned lately?"
	He really laughed now and I had to join him. "You manage to lie to everyone except me and you think there is something wrong me? Same old Kat." The joy leaked out and sadness replaced it. "Alex is that your real name?" It wasn't out of curiosity he was asking.
	"Yes." I answered simply. I stilled my hands and turned to him. "So is Kat. My alias when I came here was May, May Winters. But when you asked. For the first time in five months I answered honestly." I bumped my shoulder into Nathans bicep. 
	"Alexandra Katerina Duvey. My father used to call me Alexi." I took a shallow breath. "It's been a long time since he called me that. After all this time it feels weird to have someone call me by my given name. The name my father gave me when my mother left me in his arms a few hours after I was born." Only the God’s knew where that came from. Damn him, I could never hide from Nathan. I couldn't even hide from myself when I was with him. He had that annoying effect on me.
	He took this all-in stride, like he always did. He was so good accepting me. Me damaged, ruined, marred, probably unhinged Kat and now apparently Alex. Although there probably wasn't a line between the two. 
	"Did it feel weird when I called you Kat." 
	With a rueful smile I met his eyes. "No, it felt, right."
I finished fixing the tea my tea and began another for Jason. I gathered the cups on a tray and brought it to the table. Jason sat at the table, his skin pallor contained a concerning grayish hue. His eyes bloodshot with black circles under his eyes. I went back to the kitchen and grabbed the other container of brewing tea. 
I poured the rejuvenating tea into a cup and handed it to Jason. “Drink.” I instructed. “This will help with the blood loss.”
I fixed Nathan and my tea properly and then gave a plain cup to Ametia to fix as she liked. 
Jason took a sip of the herbal tea and made a face then doused the tea in sugar. I narrowly suppressed a groan. No longer was I in China or Japan when nothing else was added to the tea to perfect the taste. No Americans preferred sugar flavored tea over the actual taste of tea. The first time I drank a glass of Texas sweet tea I nearly choked from the sugar over load.
	Halfway through my cup Ellie came out of the room, the second she spotted Nathan she raced to his side and glued herself there. Much to Jason’s dismay. Once she was settled practically in his lap she looked over to me and gave me the stink eye. 
	Christ, now over half of my traveling party would happily dance on my grave. Anymore and I’d start to sleep with one eye open. Oh, wait I already did that I laughed to myself. Nathan caught her look and whispered in her ear while patting her shoulder. When he was finished he handed her a cup of tea to hide her pouting. 
	We didn’t speak in the entire time we waited for Isaac to arrive. We were all too preoccupied in our own thoughts to bother with making conversation. All the same to me, I was too lost in the sensation of Nathans warm body next to me; My own body absorbing his heat, taking every drop, he offered. Reveling in his spicy masculine scent that surrounded me like a warm embrace. No, it took every ounce of self-control not to follow Ellie’s example and curl up in his lap and start purring in satisfaction at the safety in his embrace. 
*			*			*                       
By the time Isaac deigned to arrive we had already drunk three pots of tea and was working on the fourth and devoured two and half dozen mini baked ham and Swiss sandwiches. I was in the kitchen throwing together a crock pot dinner. A pot roast with all the fixing. One nice thing of not being on the road was real cooked food. Then Isaac decided to grace us with his presence.
	The front door opened and closed with a bang. “You rang? Oh, look I finally get to meet Kitty Kats new playmates. Hmm, oh look if it isn’t Kats new boy toy. New getting along with the old, how does that work? I mean is there any anger, resentment?” He asked, a snarl ripped its way from my throat before I walked into the main room.
	“Watch it Isaac you know she’s just waiting for reason to break your jaw.” Nathan warned, his face furrowed with trace amounts of anger. Only enough for me and Isaac to see the others I doubt could read micro expressions. 
	“Who said I need a reason?” I inquired quirking a brow at Nathan. He shrugged in response. I turned to Isaac. “Oh, and thanks for the warning that she was in Zane’s crew that was particularly sweet of you. I’ll have to remember to send you a gift basket in payment.” I drawled in my sweetest voice. 
	“Kitty Kat, Kat?” Ametia asked amusement dripping from her words.
	“Katerina was one of the names I was going under while I lived here. Some called me Kat, Isaac here when feeling particularly suicidal calls me Kitty Kat.” I explained, I tipped my head heavenward. “It’s a miracle he’s still alive.”
	“Ha, ha. I have palates at three can we get on with already?” I nodded and lead him to the desktop.
	Fortunately for me Isaac knew what I wanted without much explanation. It took less than twenty minutes for him to wire the money out of one of my accounts. Toss it around the other in dummy corporations and random banks and accounts to lose the trail from my personal account. So, Zane couldn’t run a trace to find my bank account and bleed it dry.
	My dad was very good at investing. His parents left him a decent amount of cash when they died and he was smart enough to know how to invest it. From when he was a twenty-year-old college student who graduated from Columbia University with honors in Business. He worked for a few years until he made enough to retire and travel the world.
	He backpacked almost the entire globe by the time he met my mother in Istanbul. He was twenty-six. Like any little girl raised by a single parent I was curious about the missing other half, but it didn’t consume me. When I was feeling nostalgic he would tell me how they met: What she was like, what kind of food and colors she favored. That was enough for me even when he told me she loved me but just couldn’t take care of an infant. 
	According to him she was brilliant, with the kind of mind that even geniuses envied. She could listen to all arguments and wait before making a judgment call. Open minded to any subject that could drive others crazy; Politics, religion, science, art, even war, you could start a conversation on any subject and she would have an intelligent opinion and question. 
	She was beautiful, he would tell me I was a spitting image of her but I had inherited his ocean blue eyes. She had kind, inquisitive eyes, a button nose, and a graceful mouth. With sharp elegant cheek bones and brows.
Sometimes I would catch him watching me, but not really seeing me. He saw her. I think he missed her, but he never voiced his pain. 
Anyway, when I was old enough to understand he had me memorize over a dozen bank accounts all using a different bank and identity. He taught me how to access them under the radar and how to remain hidden no matter what. He left me a fortune. Which I usually used to clean up my messes, like when I destroyed lives while working for the mob. Or trying to keep a girl, whose father was the Greek God Zeus, safe. 
	“Kat.” A soft lullaby of a voice yanked me from my thoughts. I found myself staring blankly at the far wall and stroking my father knife in my lap. I blinked and looked over to meet his gaze.
	“Yes?” I asked unsure of what had transpired while in my trance. A crimson blush stained my cheeks. Once again sloppy Alex appears.  
	“Isaac is done. The money is safely hidden in an obscure escrow account. When do you want me to try and arrange the meeting?”
	I rubbed my forehead. “Try and get him to agree to at least three days but no more than a week. I don’t feel like waiting here, I feel like a sitting duck.” A dark look descended on his features. 
	He gave a slight nod of his chin. “I have to go. I’ll call you once I have a time and date. Let me know if you need any help.” He gave me a sharp look. “I’m not kidding Kat this isn’t the time to play your lone wolf shit. You call me if you need me.” I nodded in agreement.
	A deep crushing sensation came alive in my chest as I watched his retreating figure. I absently rubbed at my chest willing away the pain. Then stood and joined the others in the great room. Isaac had left with Nathan and now only inquisitive faces remained. 
This is going to be great.
	Not.
*			*			*
Tonight, with Ellie in our grasp Jason and Ametia rested easier. Jason crashed early, all those late and restless nights and the injury were demanding their due. Ametia had finally folded permanently from the game of Gin we had going. A frustrated snarl was etched on her features when she finally threw her cards down and hit the sack. 
	Ellie and I continued a few more rounds in pretense as we waited for Ametia to fall asleep. Once bear worthy snores rumbled through the rooms did she lose the façade. The anger and mistrust she’d been suppressing all day came out.
	“So, want to tell me why you hate me? I don’t remember you, so it can’t be something I did directly to you.” I kept my tone light and pleasant, my facial muscles relaxed and my hands folded in my lap.
	She ran her tongue over her teeth in thought. Her ash blonde hair graced along her cheek bones giving her an angelic glow. I’d have believed the sweet and kind personality traits her looks portrayed if not for the cunning and devious anger in her eyes.
	“No, we never meet in person. Nathan was one of my instructors when you met. All he did outside of instruction was talk about you. Your ferocity, anger, deception, ‘Kat did the most amazing thing yesterday.’ Blah blah blah every lesson he praised the ground you walked on. After a while it felt like I knew you as well.” A sneer painted her lips. “I was actually wanted to meet you after hearing about the job you pulled at the club. Now that was pretty brilliant. I actually planning on how to bribe the guy into introducing us. After all you weren’t just a great grifter but you’d stolen sweet, amazing Nathans heart.” Her tone had a soft fondness that made my grit my teeth. Gods jealous of a fifteen-year-old girl that’s a new low Alex.
	“Then one morning Nathan missed a session. I called Liam- our mentor- and he told me Nathan was in the hospital, fighting for his life. If that wasn’t bad enough two days later you were gone. Left like you were never there, didn’t even bother to say goodbye. He hasn’t been the same since that week. After a month or so he got better at acting normal but even then, he’ll joke and laugh but there’s a dead sorrow in his eyes that just won’t go away.
	“The worst thing is, is that he’s still in love with you. Not just mending a broken heart and trying to get over it. He is still loving you and every minute of every day you’re not here it just breaks again and again. Now you’re here! Yet I doubt your planning on staying. I doubt you would have contacted him if it weren’t for me.” Her voice rose with her words.
	Her brutally honest words cut me into ribbons. I blinked away the tears threatening and looked down in shame. “You’re a good friend I’m glad he has that.” I lifted my eyes just in time to see her deflate from her anger into surprise. A lone tear broke free and slowly rolled down my cheek.
	Her eyes warred over wariness and pity. “You still love him, too don’t you?” Her voice low as if disbelieving. After all this time she finally considered that I wasn’t the heartless monster that enjoyed breaking her friends heart.
	I looked away and nodded. “More than I ever thought possible.” I murmured softly. 
	“I still don’t like you.” she announced. I gave a small smiled and laughed once.
	“Good.”

	                      
Chapter Nineteen
The cold air nipped at my exposed flesh and raised goose bumps over my body. I dug deeper under the covers and snuggled up against the warm male body. I pressed my face against his chest and slipped a leg between his. Mm, not sleeping alone had its benefits. Nathan was like my own personal space heater slash electric blanket. 
He ran a hand down my hair and I nearly purred with pleasure. “Good morning beautiful.” He whispered in my ear, his breath tickling my neck. 
I gave a menacing growl and pulled the blanket higher and pressed myself deeper into his body. “No.” I muttered stubbornly.
He gave a huffing laugh until I pinched him. “Here I thought you were a morning person, up before the sun and all that shebang.”
“That was when I could only sleep three four hours max a night. Turns out I rather enjoy sleeping in.” 
He tilted my head up. “Are you saying you feel safe here? With me?” 
“Hmm…” I rolled my neck. “Eh, that might be going a little too far.” He gave me a devilish grin and gently attacked my sides. “No!” I screamed as he continued his relentless tickle attack. I tried rolling out of his reach and out of bed but he anticipated my move and rolled on top of me. Pinning my arms next to my head, he grinned above me.
“Say it.” He demanded. He dropped his head to my neck and placed barely their light kisses, just brushes of his lips. I rolled my head back to give him better access but he didn’t accept my invitation. “Say it.” His tone changed, pleading.
“I love you Nathan. My safe place, only you. Nathan.” I sighed. I bumped my head against his and he gave me what I wanted. A firm passionate kiss. 
“I love you too Kat.” He loved me and I loved him, it should have been perfect. And in a way, it was but in the back of my mind I wondered when it would all explode. I wondered if we would survive? Would my Nathan survive?
*			*			*
I surprisingly and annoyingly slept in this morning. Which meant I slept until six. Five and a half full hours the most I’d slept in one time for almost a year. I looked over to the quiet stream of conversation taking place at the table. The trio sat around a pot of coffee with mugs cupped in their hands. 
	I stumbled to the table and plopped down in a seat. Jason handed me a doctored mug, I nodded gratefully before taking a deep sip. I drained the mug and went to get medical supplies. I pulled a chair up next to Jason and pulled his leg in my lap. Bending over his knee I examined the wound. The pink flesh was sealing together nicely, another day or two and the stitches could be removed. He healed just as quickly as I did. 
	Finally answers. I breathed with relief. I applied some herbal salve and taped a bandage. I rearranged my chair and reached for the coffee pot. 
	Jason broke the silence as I refilled my cup. “Ametia and I have filled Ellie in on the other side of her parentage. Alex is also new to this life.” He informed Ellie, I cocked my head. Ah he wanted us to get along. How… sweet. “Ellie since you’ve acknowledged that you’ll be moving with us to the Sanctuary is there anyone you need or want to talk to here? Your foster parent’s friends?” 
	She shook her a glint of sadness in her eyes. I could see it in her body language she had no one outside of the band of thieves. I almost wanted to pity her until I realized I had even less. 
	She shook her head. “No. No one.” Ametia to my surprise took her hand and gave it a slight rub. 
	“I suppose today we’ll need to stop by where you’re staying to pick up your stuff?” I asked.
	Ellie jerked her head violently. “No, we can’t go there. Please I don’t want to go back there. I don’t have much anyway.” Her words came out in a rush of shame and fear. She bit her lip as she watched me, she understood that I saw more than the average Joe. They pondered her words. Brief understanding lit their features with angry and sad undertones. 
	“Ok that’s fine.” I tried to steer the conversation away. “You will need some clothes though and were not exactly the same size.” I said referring to the pair of shorts she was wearing that hit me mid-thigh and on her almost to her knees.
	“Absolutely not.” Jason dictated, Ametia and I shared an eye roll. 
	“Yes master.” I muttered in my sweet most docile voice. For some reason I don’t think he bought it.
	He sighed. “Please you have a ton of stuff in the room there must be something that will work.” He pleaded. I huffed how did he not understand that Ellie was at least four sizes smaller than Ametia and me. Anything that I might fit her was not every day wear meant for life on the run. Those that could work would hang on her itty-bitty size one ballerina body.
*			*			*
I turned my back to her so she could put on the pants with some privacy. I turned around when she gave the ok. A genuine smile pulled the corners of my mouth when I saw her. She looked like a little girl wearing her mother’s clothing. With an access of at least half a foot of fabric rolled up to her ankles. Good thing I wore boot cut and not skinny jeans.
	She put her thumbs in the waist band and pushed it away from her frame. Ellie was tiny, a ballerina on the verge of sickly thin so my jeans were huge on her. I sighed those were the smallest pants Ametia and I could find. I turned my back so she could change back but forgot myself turning my head I caught sight of her lower back and thighs.
Thick, raised welts marred her skin. From the mid of her back down to mid-thigh. The kind of scarring you get from being whipped. I sucked in a breath.
Looking up and around I was caught. Her jaw clenched and her eyes hardened. One thing you learn about having scars of your own is that concern equaled pity. I closed down my face and turned fully around. 
“Foster parents?” I ask conversationally. Her head jerked in response. I nodded, no wonder she refused to visit home and pack, or say goodbye.
I had leggings but those would be to thin she needed durable clothing for traveling. We had to go shopping. The others were not going to like this. Not one bit. I stepped out of the kitchen room and sat next to Jason with an innocent and hopeful look. Jason was getting to know me when his eyes narrowed with suspicion. 
“What do you want?”
“To take Ellie shopping.” 
"Absolutely not." Jason’s tone was adamant, no wiggle room. I thought around the problem, checking each angle until I found what I was looking for.
	"What is it your worried about, exactly?" 
	"Monsters, she’s untrained, she’s leaking power everywhere she goes which is how we attract monsters." Ding, ding, ding we have a winner.
	I turned around and went back into the room. Digging through my bag until I found it. Turning to Ellie I slipped the necklace around her neck and covered it with her hair.
	"Don’t mention it." I warned hauling her up from her seat I placed her in front of Jason.
	"Can you feel the power leakage?" He looked at her with confusion wrinkling his forehead.
	"Barley. How? That’s not possible I could feel it like a tidal wave two minutes ago now it’s almost nonexistent." He shifted his gaze to me. I quirked my brow in confusion to mimic his and turned to Ellie. My eyes giving her a warning. She kept her mouth shut and looked to ground while hugging her stomach.
	"Good then its settled. We leave in half an hour."
*			*			*
Metal rubbing against metal echoed across the concrete walls of the store. Heaps and piles of clothing filled the cart. I leaned against the wall and dutifully watched as Ametia and Ellie took advantage of my credit card. At least I wasn’t the only one suffering. I glanced over to Jason he looked dead on his feet I was amazed he just didn’t curl up on the hard floor and take a nap. After almost four hours of standing around watching clothing get thrown around and appraised I was ready to get on my knees and beg for a reprieve.
	I sighed at the silky top Ellie was drooling over. “Not practical you’re going on the run. You need sturdy not pretty.” That got me an eye roll and a pout.
	“What, and look like you? If I’m going to get whacked I want to at least look good.” Ellie shook her short hair.
	“Vain to the bitter end huh?” I mocked. Jason perked up.
	“You’re not going to get whacked.” His tone was adamant as though he could and would stop any and all threats. Unfortunately, he didn’t know what we were up against. Monsters might like the taste of Hero blood but Zane he relished the taste of our misery. His entire world and empire as built on his thirst for control and power.
	“Ellie are you sure you have enough? I mean there is another side of the store that you left untouched.” I asked and she gave me a snarky smile. 
	“Ha, ha.” She looked at the cart and her eyes widened in surprise. “I see your point I need another few minutes to go through this and I think I’ll be good. I’m getting kind of hungry anyway.”
          If it weren’t for a life time worth of control and training I would have thrown my arms in the air and sing hallelujah. Jason on the other hand broke out in a victory dance. 
*			*			*
“So, once you get a meeting with Zane what’s going to happen, you’re just going to hand over a check for an ungodly amount of money and then we can walk away free and clear?” Jason asked before inhaling half of his Swiss and mushroom slider. 
	I chewed and swallowed while thinking through the possibilities of this going my way. “Let’s just pray that that’s how it’s going to go.” 
	Ametia pursed her lips. “Yesterday you said to Nathan that he knew how Zane hated you. I’m curious as to what you did to him.”
	My gaze drifted away and watched the restaurant. “It’s not so much of what I did to him so much as he frowns upon my current line of work.” I answered vaguely.
	That caught their attention. “That would be?” Jason inquired. I took another bite of my burger to delay. Ellie on the other hand didn’t feel the need to refrain from commenting.
	“Well there are rumors, most believe they’re just ghosts stories. Meant to scare the big bad mafias about the existence of a rogue element in the criminal world that loves to tear down organizations. Many don’t believe the rumors of a lone woman infiltrating and destroying these groups. They swear a single entity can’t do this because of the size and power of the organizations. Plus, what mob boss would trust a woman that appears out of thin air. They say no man can beat her in a fight, she speaks many languages, and never forgets her persona. She is supposedly a chameleon never looks the same twice.
	“Like I said ghost stories. Except some of the biggest names on the other side of the Mississippi suddenly going out of business. Permanently.”
	Someone was quite a chatty Kathy. “Gods criminals gossip more than little old ladies.” I mutter just loud enough for the table. 
	Ellie slurped up her mountain dew while Ametia and Jason sat frozen absorbing the news. 
	“So, if Zane has it against you why would he help you?” Jason asked ignoring the rest for now thankfully. 
	I took a breath. “Last time I was here, Zane and I made an arrangement. He would keep my name and face under wraps for the next few years on the condition I would participate in some of his jobs while in town, pay him a hefty fee, and promise that I wouldn’t double cross him during the length of the contract. While his price sounds hefty compared to his side its actually fair. 
	“Zane isn’t just a master thief and grifter. He also likes to play the part of James Bond.  He’s a criminal version of yellow pages and a great middle man for the ordinary folk. Need to find someone to clean you blood money call Zane. Need a hitman on a budget or an ‘accidental’ death, call Zane. Need a defense lawyer to get you off well any charge call Zane for the best in the business. You get the point. Want to find a certain 5’ 6” woman who never loses a fight call Zane. This time however, Zane doesn’t know anything.
“Anyway, Zane will most likely help me at an extreme inflated cost but he most likely won’t say no, so he doesn’t get on my bad side.”
	He pressed on. “You don’t know for sure?” I shrugged but Ellie answered for me.
	“Zane is unknowable and he likes it that way. There isn’t really any prediction for him he might act and say once thing and do the opposite the next. Everything is an act to him, a façade. He might just kill her himself and collect the cash accumulating for her head.” She said with a flat expression.
	I grimaced. “That is also a possibility.” Ametia didn’t share Jason’s disgruntled expression. Big surprise. 
	As we walked out of the restaurant another group stood. They sat on the far side of the room with a clear visual to our previous seats. Mixed emotions mixed in my gut I didn’t like it when people followed me but at least Zane was responding to my request sooner rather than later. Once we passed the windows for the restaurant I paused and waited. Ellie looked back her eyes widened in recognition. Her expression and my silence was enough for Jason and Ametia to hold their piece. Two men approached; one average and stocky but with a boy next door face, a face that let you let down your guard and trust him. The other was a few inches taller, he had a more handsome face but a cocky smirk. 
	The shorter of the two spoke. “Ms. Winters, Zane sends his regards and to hand deliver this to you.” His voice went with his face sweet old American boy you’d find in the south complete with a southern accent. He handed a larger than average envelope. I took it the paper was high quality and expensive, the same material I would imagine being used for royal wedding invitations. 
	“Does Zane’s regards include a tail while in his city?” I asked while tucking the envelope into the interior pocket of my jacket. 
	Cocky boy answered this time. “It’s Zane, he never lets anyone wander his city freely. Especially those with a vendetta.” Gods even his tone was smug. Yep I felt the urge to pound his nose and I just met him. I wonder if it turns off when he’s on a job.
	I nodded before turning and walking away. Three sets of footsteps follow mine. Once settled in the car I pulled out the fancy envelope I looked over to Jason who sat in the passenger seat, then looked at the other two in the back.
	Holding the envelope up between my fingers I silently asked when to open it. Ellie looked around outside. “We should wait until we’re out of Zane’s reach.” I nodded in acceptance and support. I opened the center counsel and dropped it in. The counsel was leaded and would prevent bugs from keeping tabs on us. Also, there were certain… safeguards that would fry any form of spyware. My own special design. As I drove home I drove erratically to say the least. 
 	By the third time of being slammed into the car door Ametia’s temper broke. “Any reason your trying to tenderize us?” She growled and sneer decorating her mouth. Hmm pretty mild reaction, maybe she’s starting to like me, I mused. Now that would be sad I kind of like pissing her off. 
	“Well I just figured it would be a good time to remind people that they can’t keep a tail on me. Even if.” I glanced off the rear-view mirror and spotted a familiar Honda turn behind me. “They play it smart and do a multiple car tail. The Honda behind us well they were following us two miles ago but it traded off with an Audi SUV cross over and then a Ford pickup took over then got traded with the Honda once again. Brace yourselves because it’s time to say goodbye to them all.” I pressed the gas to the floor the SUV jerking forward running through the red light I swerved to avoid incoming traffic. Then cut across the lanes to take an abrupt right and continued the pattern another mile until I was sure we were secure. 
	It took a few more blocks until the cursing let up. I adjusted the rear view so I could look Ellie in the eye. “Just in case you’re interested I learned that with the Triad. Nothing teaches you insane driving like street racing.” I winked at her before fixing the mirror. 
	By the time we arrived the safe house the three stooges were more than happy to get out of my car. And would probably prevent me from driving again. 
	Upstairs I brewed some tea before settling down and opening the letter. I glanced over it before reading aloud.
	Dearest May, 
I have an opening in my schedule tomorrow evening. I’ll be in attendance at Reverence. Arrive around 8 o’clock in the evening. You’ll be meeting me in my private room. Dress accordingly. Bring your new companion, Jason as well as Nathan. 
	Sincerely,
 Zane

	I handed the letter to the outstretched hands without looking. I took a deep sallow of tea before reaching for my burner phone.
	The phone rang and a masculine voice answered. “We got the meeting he wants you there as well.” I inform Nathan.
	“Where and when?”
	“Reverence tomorrow eight. Also pick up a classic two button black suit.” I mentally measured Jason and gave my estimates to Nathan. “See you tomorrow.”
	“Ellie and you need to work on how to control your Godly essence.” Jason commented. Ellie wasn’t activated but the power radiating off of her without my necklace was extreme. We changed into workout wear. We all sat down and Jason lead our instruction.
	“First things first, you’re going to have to relax. Ignore your surroundings and focus solely on yourself. On what’s happing inside you.”
	 My mouth quirked. “I thought you didn’t meditate?” 
	“Quiet you.” Jason growled. “Focus. Your power source isn’t the same for everyone, you’ll have to search. It feels like the sun. Warm comforting, powerful but if you get too close, it’s dangerous. The electricity we feel around each other, it’s like that. A gentle hum buzzing through your body, it’s in your blood. It’s who you are. Find it.”
	Time went by. Sweat beaded down my temples as I concentrated. Looking, feeling for the power of my mother. Isolated the essence, the power running through my veins. I grabbed on to it. Pushing it out of my body.
	The other gasped. I opened my eyes, their expressions looked pained. 
	“What?” I ask. Starting to feel weird.
	“Your power, its, well its defiantly there. How have you been able to conceal it all this time?” Ametia asks. 
	I purse my lips, after careful debate I reached around my neck and took off the necklace. The power vibrated through my system. Stronger, harsher than before. 
	Ellie cried out as Ametia gasped, and Jason hissed. He lunged towards me and secured the thin metal chain around my neck. 
	“Don’t take that off again until you can contain it.” Ametia warns.
	“No shit Sherlock.” I mutter.
	“So that’s how Ellie isn’t registering either. You have a spare.” Ametia observes. I nod. 
	“How long where you on the run before you got that necklace?” Jason asks.
	“Remember that story about what happened in Phoenix?” I ask. Jason nodded remembering my first day at the Sanctuary. “The medicine woman that saved my life. She gave it to me. After that the monster attacks stopped.’
	“That doesn’t explain the Griffin reporting nine months ago.” Jason observes. 
	“The necklace broke; I didn’t notice until it was too late.” I lost everything.
Chapter Twenty
Nathan arrived at seven with an off the rack, but well-made suit for Jason. I finished dressing before giving up the bathroom to Jason the change. I wore a strapless little black cocktail dress with a tutu like skirt. It landed a few inched above my knees but even while sitting it still concealed the knives strapped to my thigh as well as the tiny pistol on the other thigh. My hair was up and in an elegant do with spikes implanted, you know just in case. My necklaces and bracelets converted to garrotes. Then to complete the outfit with, five-inch, golden heels. Plus, a gold wrap to drape across my shoulders, no deadly ability there. 
I smiled in welcome to Nathan who eyes carefully appraised me. Rolling my eyes, I slowly turned. He whistled. “I’d warn you, but you know the games we play.” When 7:30 rolled around we piled into Nathan’s new Mercedes Benz CLS Coupe. 
“Jason, I need you to do me a favor whatever Zane or I say, don’t read too much into it or react. Try not to speak too much.” 
He snorted. “I don’t think you need to keep reminding me about that. Every time we come across someone, you tell us not to say anything, it’s starting to become a habit.” 
Nathan laughed. “Trust me it’s nothing to do with you, she does that to everyone.”
“Ha, ha. Friendly reminder to the both of you let me lead.”
Nathan glanced into his mirror. “Don’t worry Jason she’s always this controlling but I can tell you, it’s usually a good thing she can talk and plan her way out of about anything.” His eyes warmed when they landed on me and a light smile tipped his lips. My chest got ridiculously warm at that. 
“He will say some things that will blow you temper into the stratosphere, that’s how he remains in control. Along with other kinds of manipulation. Don’t tip our hand or give him the satisfaction of falling into his traps.”
“If he’s so horrible why did you sign up with his crew?” Jason inquires, Nathan’s body tense I yearned to reach over and offer some comfort but that was no longer my place. That fact further broke my soul.
 “There’s a low chance of survival on the streets at fourteen. He offered a life line. Little did we all know it was barbed and poisoned.” That was all he gave but it was enough to give Jason a glimpse into the mindset of desperate young teenagers.
When we pulled up to the five-star restaurant. We climbed out and Nathan handed the keys to the valet. I lead us inside with the guys on my flanks one step behind. I gave the maître d’ my name and he led us to the back room without hassle.
Zane stood as we entered. He walked up and took me in his arms pressing a kiss to each cheek, French style.
“May, my dear it’s been too long; almost a year hasn’t it?” He asked rhetorically. “You look exquisite, all grown up. Please sit, sit.” He waved a hand to the love seat and took his seat in a wing chair across. He settled back and slipped into another persona just to keep us guessing.
A sardonic smile twisted his mouth. “I see you finally got over yours and Nathan's little tiff and decided to come back home. We've missed you around here. For all the students I've picked up none of them quite have your talent.” 
He reclined into his posh leather seat and his sharp cunning eyes watched me then shifted to Jason. 
"Maybe he's the reason you haven't returned. May are you trying to make Nathan jealous or are you still hung up on that little incident a couple months back."
That little incident... dear goodness I wanted to play my usual games on him and send his ass to prison. Can’t do that Alex, I reminded myself contract, contract be damned, no bad Alex. I smiled coyly and crossed my legs.
“What do you want May?” Switching from mocking too impatient.
I pouted. “To business already?” I shook my head and straightened my spine. “Fine there is a girl in your.” I pursed my lips. “Organization I want her. I’m willing to pay thirty thousand for her.” Jason’s body tensed I placed my hand on his thigh and squeezed, a warning. 
Zane’s eyes narrowed. “None of my girls are worth that little. Which one do you want?” No fight against my interest on one of the children he ‘saved’.
	“I believe her name in Ellie blond hair sky blue eyes.” I hoped Zane didn’t see the same features that Jason shared with his half-sister.
	“Ellie. Ellie, ah yes, I know who you refer to. She’s been with me for some time now. She’s worth far more than your measly thirty thousand dollars.”
	I raised my eyebrows. “Fifty?” I asked with a soft flirtatious tone.
	He narrowed his eyes at my antics. “Priceless.” He countered.
	I laughed. “You and I both know there is always a price. Seventy-five?”
	He smirked. “What do you want with the girl? I know your morals are questionable to say the least but human trafficking. That’s a new low even for your repertoire.” 
	I mentally narrowed my eyes at his words, he knew far more than he should. I wasn’t surprised, not in the least. I would be surprised if he didn’t know much about me. I shrugged at his jab. “You shouldn’t constrict a girl. I have to eat you know.” I smiled a dark hungry smile.
	He laughed. “Yes, I remember your appetite. In all seriousness the girl is worth more than what you can pay me. Unless of course you have no interest in the girl and are working on someone’s behalf.”
	I shrugged. “Does it really matter who I may or may not be working for. One hundred thousand dollars that’s my final offer.” 
	“That’s nowhere near enough. How about this, there’s a job opening up and I don’t have anyone available to do it. You do it successfully and you can have the girl. Since I’m feeling generous you can even use Nathan on it. I know how much you two enjoy working together.” 
	I cocked my head and wondered what he was after. What was his end game?
	“What does this require of us?” 
	He had the audacity to tsk at me. “You know I don’t like giving out information without a little reassurance that you’ll come through for me.”
	I gave a throaty laugh. “You are well aware I don’t like blindly walking into situations that are hazardous to my health.” 
	He tilted his head at me. “Since when is this job hazardous to your health?”
	“Zane, Zane.” I murmured. “Everything about you is hazardous to my health. Including your jobs. I seem to remember a certain Pakistani prince playing Russian roulette on my head.”
	The muscles in Jason’s thigh constricted, I tightened my grip in warning.
	He laughed. “I forgot about that. How could I forget your face afterwards you looked like you wanted to maim and murderer anyone who looked at you cross for what a week afterward? Nathan do you remember this?”
	Nathan nodded slowly. “Yes, I do, and yes she was quite unhappy with how the deal went down.”
	“How about this May. If you do the job properly and use your brilliant mind to its full capability there won’t be any guns, or violence. You’ll be in and out before none is the wiser.”
	Making a deal with the devil… I thought about the doll sized girl stashed away in my apartment. What would I do to save that girl from this manipulative bastard? “Deal.” Apparently, anything.
	“So, what’s the job?” Nathan asked he sat forward, listening intently. 
	Zane laughed and it was not a thing of beauty, the cruel vibrations sent shivers up my spine. “That’s for me to know and you to find out, eventually. No, I’ll keep this little operation on the down low you’ll get little bits of information. Slowly and as I see fit. I’ll give you a morsel and you’ll follow through. If I approve of your work when it suits the operation and myself of course I’ll give you the next bread crumb.”
	He leaned back, smug satisfaction lit his face. “Oh yes I do like this plan. I was just going to give you the details but I think I’ll let you squirm. Penance for trying to play those little head games on me. In time Alexandra you’ll learn that you are a pawn and I am the king.”
	One day he’ll learn that while he’s the king. I’m the Queen.
	Without another word he motioned for his henchmen to see us out. The bastard didn’t even give us the first clue.
	We climbed back into the car. Jason spoke first. “That was seriously messed up.”
	I flinched but didn’t say anything. There was nothing to say, I dragged a good guy into a dirty rotten world. I wished I could have taken this job on myself and not have to expose them to this wretched life.
	Nathan just nodded and drove. We continued the drive-in silence. Was we climbed the stairs to the apartment and Jason split off I continued to the roof. Unsurprising Nathan followed. I pushed open the door and kept moving until I reached the edge.
	I puffed warm air into my hands and pulled my wrap tighter around my body. “You’re different than before, you’re better. I never thought I would say it you were amazing before but now.” He shook his head. “Now it’s like its effortless.”
	I smiled ruefully. “You know the saying practice makes perfect. Well turns out it’s not all B.S. After I left I went did what I did in Chicago. Twice.” That was all I had to say. He knew what Chicago did to me. We meet the day after I ran from there. 
	“Kat.” He sighed. “Did you get anything of use at least?” I shrugged.
	“More files. More people murdered the same way as my father. I followed it until I hit more dead ends I was about to call Mathews back before I got stuck with those two yahoos.” He laughed.
	“They’re… different. How have you managed from strangling them or at least tying them up?” He smiled, I loved his smile.
	I groaned. “Ugh it’s hard at times but you were worse. I’ve learned to control myself better after having to deal with you and you’re never ending curiosity.” I paused and let his words sink in. “Hey you broke into my place after having me followed and surveilled and whatever else to find me. Excuse me for being a little cautious.” I threw my hands up in mock defense. “If I didn’t knock you out and tie you up you would be fish feed.”
	He was never one to back down. “All you had to do was give me your name at the diner. Besides you then ignored me for almost two weeks.” 
	I huffed. “I was busy trying not to be killed. Unlike someone, wandering in a person’s secured building.”
	He cried in outrage. “What sane person has c-4 bobby trapped in their stair well.” He laughed “I forgot you’re not the average sane person.” He smirked.
	“Exactly what sane person dodging assassins wouldn’t bobby proof their place. It’s just a recipe for disaster. I threw myself down those stairs to save your sorry hide. you even got a date out of it so don’t go boo hooing about it eleven months later.”
	We smiled at each other the moment completely separated from rational logic. We were so caught up in the beginning we forgot about the ending.
	His smug grin returned. “Your right I did get that date afterwards and many more.” I shook my head and laughed. I leaned into his side and we watched the city under the star light.
*			*		*
Later that night after Nathan went home an engraved envelope arrived my messenger. Inside was a matching letter with our first mission.
 
May, 
You and your ‘crew’ are to research and come up with a plan on how to disguise and move a 98’ yacht. Your deadline is three days from tomorrow. You are to join me for dinner at Lafayette, alone, and inform me of your findings.
Zane
PS: Wear the dress. You know the one. 

I gritted my teeth as I handed the note over to Jason, Ametia and Ellie to inspect. It wasn’t the ordering around like a dog that bothered me it was that last line of instruction. Wear the dress. You know the one. Ugh I hated that dress. I only wore it once and that memory was enough to make me shiver in disgust. I had seriously thought about burning the wretched thing but now I was glad I didn’t give into temptation. I didn’t want to think about what he would do in retaliation for not wearing a particular scrap of silk.
I waved away their questions and hopped into the shower, hoping to wash the night away. 
Chapter Twenty-One
The music was loud and obnoxious. I really did not understand American music no matter what he said. Honestly it felt like tiny knives were being driven into my skull, the lighting of the club made me nauseous and dizzy, and the music as so loud even the death could hear. I hoped at least one of us was enjoying ourselves. A warm body stepped behind me and engulfed me in his embrace and for once I didn’t mind.
His breath tickled my ear but I couldn’t hear what was being said. He tugged on my arm leading me outside. The cold air nipped at my skin. Chilling the sweat beaded at my temple, chest and back. 
He sighed. “Oh, thank God, I can actually hear myself think!” He exclaimed. 
I nodded in agreement. “Wait what? I thought you liked clubs?” His sea foam eyes clouded over in confusion, the corner of his eyes crinkling. 
“I hate clubs like this I came because I thought you enjoyed them.” He explained. 
I laughed and shook my head. “Can’t stand them. Seriously I think my ears are bleeding.” We laughed and pulled each other tight. The cold air starting to get to us. 
He lowered his mouth to mine and pulled me into a soul searing kiss. The kind you only read about in books. The kind that set your body and soul on fire, the kind that steals your name and heart. His lips warm and soft, nipping and pulling at mine. A dance of passion, play, and love. I loved him so much. He was everything. I pushed closer to him, needing to be around him. Wanting to curl up in his skin soaking up his warmth, his goodness, his love.
A horrible sound came from down the alley. Pulling me from the kiss. I looked around the alley too dark for even my eyesight to catch anything. A growl vibrated the air. Not again.
I pushed him behind me shielding him with my body. I didn’t have my long knives only a couple throwing daggers. Stupid girl getting caught unarmed. 
“Kat” he breathed. I hushed him barely a sound escaping my lips.
It prowled closer and closer until I could feel its heat. This wasn’t the thing that killed dad. I pressed my back tighter into his chest. Willing us to stay hidden. The Fog rose and tapped into my senses not yet taking control. Please whatever you do save him, I silently pleaded. Do whatever it takes. The stress and pressure, lack of oxygen maybe caused me to think for one second to hear.
“Protect, mate, mine.” 
The thing got closer and closer until I could smell the putrid stink of dead decaying flesh, and embers. Slowly the Fog surrounded me with its cold embrace. Taking over control. I waited and waited until it crept closer and closer until I could vaguely see the thick hide protected throat. I leapt angling for that pulsing point. The monstrous body turned faster than it had the right too, lifting a giant paw and swatting me away. As though I was nothing more than an annoying fly. My skull bounced against the building. 
“Kat.” He yelled diving for my fallen blade. No! I silently screamed. A feeling of soul deep fear and anger taking root at my bones. 
The Fog dove right in getting up close and personal with the foul beast. I went for the heart and lungs, anything I could reach anyway.
The monster danced and moved as we stayed underfoot trying to kill the thing. Until a human scream of pain and agony along with the wretched sound of skin being pierced and torn filled the night. I bellowed my rage before carving open the creature’s stomach, sticky dark tar like blood squirted from the wound coating me from head to toe. The thing collapsed but still drew air. I took the blade and gripped the things head that looked remarkably like a bird’s head. I shoved the blade deep on one side and jerked and pulled severing all the arteries, nearly taking its head off.
I ran to him. Pressing my hands against the wound at his chest that cleared from his collar bone down to the end of his ribcage, on the opposite side of his chest.
“Help!” I screeched willing someone to hear. “Help me please!”
I looked down into his eyes, the light, his soul staring to dim. “No. No, Nathan baby, stay with me. Stay with me love. I love you. You have to stay awake and alert.”
A guy walked out of the club and gasped at us. He pulled his phone and started dialing without a word.
“Come on Nathan stay with me.” I pleaded. His heart picking up a pace. “That’s it love, that’s it.” Then it slowed; Beat... Beat…. Beat. Nothing. No, no, no. “Damn you Nathan live!” The sirens sounded in the distance. I felt nothing. No heartbeat, no emotion, nothing. 
*			*			*
The nightmare, no memory was like a brick to the face. I shook it off it wasn’t the first time and it wouldn’t be the last. I got up and looked around. I was first to awaken I followed my new routine. Made coffee, work out, shower, breakfast; and a new addition of research. How to disguise and move a 98’ yacht. I pulled fresh paper, wrote down the goal, and began brain storming why he wanted it on one side of the sheet. I wrote down options of what to do with this bread crumb. We could visit all the ports in a fifty-mile radius. Find every yacht that fit the description and research it.
I nixed that idea pretty quickly. What was so special about a yacht, there’s probably dozens in port. Not to mention grounded in storage, museums, private collections, who knew. It might not even be in St. Louis, that is more likely, maybe.
Frustrated I moved onto answering the actual question. Google was my best friend at the moment. I scrolled through search results, only two looked promising. Wiki and another site that just mentioned how to get the bloody thing in and out of the water with a giant crane.
Wiki just gave general ideas. Overland by trucking, but that didn’t seem too plausible with this size yacht. Semi-submersible basically putting the thing inside a submarine, again that didn’t seem likely. Deck cargo or container shipment now that was getting closer. Only issue would be of other people getting involved for that. The main idea for any kind of relocation is just motoring the ship around normally. 
Now the second part of the question. Disguising the monster, off the top of my head, changing the name, flag, and add some spray paint. Back to google. An hour later I was ready to bang my head against the concrete wall. I glanced at the wall and took a break.
I grabbed fixings for lunch and threw a couple frozen pizzas in the oven. Grabbing two sets of Kali sticks I motioned Ametia from the training session with Ellie, I tossed her a set and we began. I set a nice slow steady rhythm to warm our muscles. Eventually Ametia got bored and when I sped up and gave her a nice solid slap, then went back too slow and steady.
When she’d try to up the pace I would retaliate then slow down again after the third round of this her anger peaked. This time I brought up the pace significantly not giving her any time to adjust with a painful thwack against her thigh she began a meltdown.
“Don’t let the anger control your movements Ametia. Use it, use it to keep you going no matter how tired or how much pain you are in use that anger as energy. It’s an instant sugar rush that when used correctly can last as long as you need to win. Don’t get pissed, get smart.” As I spoke her movements got less erratic and sloppy and more focused. 
I slowed back down accepting a hit to my midsection. Damn these things do hurt, no wonder she gets pissed at me. For another forty-five minutes, long past the pizzas timer. I led her in a painful dance. Mixing speeds, styles, we danced and twirled pushing each other, ourselves, the limits of our bodies. Until we were both swimming in sweat. 
I stopped suddenly and pulled back and bowed. She waited a millisecond before following we regarded each other chests heaving for breath, muscles beginning to cramp and stomachs growling. I gave a nod without a word she took it as it was meant. A genuine smile broke across her face, the first she’s ever given me then without a word headed to the shower.
She did good, she was learning fast, very fast. She got a grip on her anger, she had a few slip ups but she reined them in quickly and without a prompt from me. I grabbed a couple slices of pizza and quickly devoured them and made a salad and scarfed that down too with two bottles of water. Ten minutes later Ametia gave up the shower and sat for her lunch.
 While I waited for my stomach to settle I checked out Jason’s leg. I had taken the stiches out three days ago and the wound was still ruddy but almost completely healed. Deeming it safe I pulled Jason up for some sparring. After I gave Ellie and Ametia the task of them brain storming how to accomplish this hypothetical heist.
The days sped by between training and research for the yacht fiasco. On the last day we went to visit a marina, playing the part of college journalists doing a piece on care of high end yachts.
Then the day to get ready for my meeting arrived. As the hours ticked by I worked up the courage to dig through my belongings to find the high-end boutique bag that contained tonight’s apparel that Zane specified. An hour and a half before dinner I grabbed the bag, my makeup bag and headed to the shower. I blew my long locks dry and they fell softly and gracefully over my shoulders and down my back. Then I moved on to war paint.
	Thankfully I was graced with clear skin an even skin tone so I could forego the heavy foundation and just apply a small amount of concealer to my eyes. Next, I did my eyes in a dark smoky look, then I painted my lips a deep red. Lastly, I pulled on the black sleeveless silk slip that unfortunately was the actual dress.
	It was skin tight, left nothing to the imagination and no room to conceal any weapons. Not even small blades attached to the inside of my thighs. I slipped on the specialty garrote necklace and bracelet.
	I pulled on a silk trench coat before saying goodbye to the group. Nathan met me at the door insisting on escorting me to dinner. Outside was a silver Audi. I threw Nathan an amused look, he shrugged with a bashful expression. Nathan loved flashy fast cars. American muscle or import he didn’t care he cherished them all. 
	We drove to the restaurant in silence then we pulled up to the entrance.
	“Play this smart Kat.” He warned. “I’ll be nearby to pick you up.” I nodded and then stepped out of the luxury sports car and on to the pavement in my mile-high stripper heels.
	I strutted up to the maître d’ like I belonged in a place like this in clothes like this, minus the high-end hooker appeal. The middle-aged maître d’ watched me warily do doubt thinking the obvious. With his position in a restaurant that catered to the rich and those in influential positions he would be discreet and as quiet as the grave. 
	Zane stood as I approached, he waved away the maître d’ before he could pull my chair. He pulled me close and pressed a borderline intimate kiss to the corner of my mouth.
	“You look ravishing, darling.” He whispered against my skin.  Mentally I threw up but externally I smiled seductively while accepting the prolonged kiss.
	“You look fantastic.” I complimented while thoroughly looking him over. Unfortunately, it was true, if ruggedly handsome was in the dictionary his picture would proudly be displayed. Pulling away he stepped around the table and pulled my chair back and pushed me into the table. For a monster his manners were impeccable but then again blending in was his job description; Whether it was a boardroom, ballroom, or even the ghetto he was right at home, in his element.  
	“Business or food first?” I ask while looking over the menu. He had to choose French one of my least favorite cuisines. I had a palate that appreciated bold and exciting flavors. All the things French food was not, with its mild and subdued to bland flavoring and to be honest far too many snails for my taste. Even if the dish itself didn’t have escargot just being associated with them was too much. I was weird bring on the fried and candied worms and insects I loved those but escargots, gag. I ate every crazy and disturbing dish found in every country I ever visited, but those were one of the very few things that was not allowed near my mouth. 
	Zane laughed. “Just barely got here and already ready to flee, are we? No matter. At least a glass of wine before we begin, good enough?” He raised his brows in mock. He didn’t bother with the wine menu when a waiter came up, he ordered a good year for merlot in the valleys of France.
	The waiter wasn’t even gone two minutes before coming back with a bottle and a corkscrew. He opened the bottle and poured three fingers into both red wine glasses. He took our order, Zane got the repulsive escargots, I ordered a veal dish and the waiter left the bottle. I lifted my glass to my nose and breathed deeply then lifted the glass above my head and gave the glass a good twirl to check the legs. I took another sniff and took a sip rolling it around my tongue before swallowing.
	“If I didn’t already know you were a connoisseur of wine I would think you were checking for poison.” Zane pointed out before following my steps. “Not bad. I have a ’89 that would really knock your socks off but that I am holding off on until a special moment.”
	I smiled lightly. “While it’s possible the bottle being contaminated before being opened it is unlikely it was poisoned. As for the ’89 if you were anyone else I would be lead to believe that that ‘special’ moment in your life would be an engagement or expecting a mini human but knowing you that’s highly unlikely.”
	He laughed a full laugh. “Oh May, you amuse me. What, you don’t think I can be loving or paternal?”
	“Nothing is impossible.” I mused. “The leading factor for those events would be, head injury, sycosis’s, portions of your brain being removed. That kind of thing.” I waved my hand dismissively. 
He holds his hand to his heart in mock pain. “You wound me May. Not even if the child were my legacy?” He pursues his lips. “Yes, I do see you point.” He holds up his glass, “here’s to not getting a head injury, sycosis, or brain surgery.”
	I laughed and clinked his glass with my own. Food arrived before we could talk shop. The veal looked quite appetizing until my nose caught the smell of Zane’s entrée. My stomach turned and suddenly my steak looked repulsive. Zane caught my expression and laughed at my expense, bastard. 
	“Don’t tell me my favorite little assassin is put out by a delicacy. You look positively green.” 
	I shook my head and started breathing through my mouth while looking anywhere but his plate. “It is not natural to eat those, those things!” I had the urge to put my head between my knees but didn’t want to give Zane the satisfaction of me freaking out over his dinner. Kill a deer and field dress it sure no problem, get shot and preform minor surgery on others or Gods forbid yourself, ok I can do that. Half dollar size slugs with a shell, time to hug and praise the porcelain gods. 
	Zane waved over the nearest waitress, handed her his plate and dismissed her before she could get a word out. Reaching over he snagged my plate and happily dug in. “Tell me about your ideas.”
	With the sight and smell gone my need to retch diminished but my stomach still cramped in disgust. I thought over everything before beginning. “Starting with disguising we’ve determined the few things cops, marina officials, and owners remember the boats by. Changing the name of it if short on time by just throwing sticky material over it hiding the real name and displaying another. Changing flags if there are any, spray painting detailing on the sides. To name a few things. 
“As for transportation the quietest away of going about it is just boating away, fill up the gas tank, and sail away. If the destination is too far for that at least take it to another port to transport. Without any other details that’s really all I can offer. It’s all dependent on location, visibility, popularity, tiny details.”
	Zane continued eating without a word until he fished the plate. “I’ll be sending your next puzzle piece in about,” he looked around in thought. “Well whenever I feel like it. Goodbye May, until next time.”
	I nodded and stood, without word I walked out of the restaurant. Nathan was already pulled up at the curb. With little to no grace I dropped myself into the sports car. 
Nathan examined me before commenting. “You look a little green around the gills.”
	My lip pulled up in disgust. “He ordered the snails.”
	He nodded. “Yep that’ll do it.





Chapter Twenty-Two 
We waited three days for further instruction from Zane. We ate and slept for training. When we headed into the city I was happy to note there were no tails or watchers. Then we would continue training and eating with some sleep thrown in the mix. 
	Another package showed up on the front door. 
May,
 Find a way to disable but not kill security guards. Also, there will be a security system called Tri-Anne 2700. You’ll probably want to bring in your hacker friend on this part of the job. You have until tomorrow met me at Sawadee Thai at noon.			
Zane

Part one that took five minutes I have the ingredients for a sedative in my medicine cabinets. Before calling Isaac, I visited the bank and grabbed another sixty thousand dollars in cash and the rest of the diamonds.
	I called Isaac, he whined and complained for at least ten minutes before assuring me-under duress- that he could pull it off. 
*			*			*
	Zane leaned back into his chair and drank his scotch. “What’s the update May Winters.” He loved to taunt me about that. 
	“Isaac will take care of the systems I won’t bore you with the details because I’ll be honest, I don’t know them, Isaac says he knows how to do it and he likes breathing so he knows how to do it. As for the guard’s homemade sedative leaves no trace in their systems. That’s a piece of cake.”
	He handed me a folded sheet of paper then waved me away without another word. Works for me just fine.
*			*			*
The next day another package magically arrived. 
	May,
There is to be a gala at the Malaysian embassy in three weeks find a way in. I’ll be in touch.
Zane
	Now this would be more complex and would hinge upon someone I haven’t seen since I was eight. A friend of my father’s. How on earth was I going to get in contact with him? 
	That evening I took a mixture of a calming tea and the tea I first gave Ametia to put her into a deep meditative state. With the candles giving off a soft aurora and warmth I fell deep into my unconsciousness, then I began my search. 
	Adil Megat was his name. I traced my memory to where we met and where he once lived. I lividly remembered what he looked like. This was nine-year-old information. I had to contact another family friend who had connections to find this information for me and not ask too many questions. Luckily, I remembered her phone number.
	I had picked up a new phone for her. I dialed and it rang two times before it stopped, she was the one how taught me never to speak first. This time I would have to.
	“Danny? It’s Alex.”
	A gasp came across the line. Wow I was better than I thought to stay so far off the radar not even the CIA knew I was alive.
	“Alex! How? I- I thought you were dead? Oh my god, Alex I am so sorry about your dad. Where have you been? I have been trying to track you for over a year.” Everything came spilling out in a rush.
	“Danny, Danny I promise I will explain everything one day but right now I need you to do me a favor. I need the location and phone number of a Adil Megat. Nine years ago, he lived in Malaysia.”
	It took her two days to track him down, me eleven hours to get in contact with him, and another nine hours for him to get me on the guest list. One thing you could not say about my father was that he was not well connected.
*			*			*
	Vibrations and jingles came from the dining table. I located it, noticing the number was blocked I continued on to answering it but didn’t give a greeting. It had been over three days since the last meeting with Zane.
	“Make a drop at the River-Stone Café nine A.M.” The line went dead. Zane was changing up the pattern. How expected of him. I checked the time 8:15, I glanced down I badly needed a shower time to get a move on.
	I pulled my bike up to the front of the hole in the wall café. Immediately I knew his location, he sat in the outside seating. Looking out over the river. Now this was not expected it’s one thing to change the drop location but for him to be here now that’s another level. I glided to the table behind him. 
	I ordered a shot, as the waitress walked away, I initiated the game.
	“I have my way into the ball.” 
	“Tell me.” He demanded in a light tone that didn’t seem as demanding as it truly was. 
	I took time to. The waitress bought me extra time, I enjoyed a sip or two before responding. 
	“I don’t think I will. I can get into the location and at the time you specified. I’ve done everything you needed but I think I will keep this close to the vest.”
	“That is not how this works. Who said that you were going in May? What if I wanted someone else to do the job and you the groundwork?”
	“Oh! Well I suppose in that case… Well I guess you’re out of luck.” 
	He laughed quietly. “As insolent as ever. Fine we’ll play this your way, be warned I will only tolerate so much.” 
*			*			*
We went out to an Italian restaurant for dinner. Telling them of my meeting with Zane. A large body pulled up a chair to our table and gracefully sat down. Zane smiled perfectly at ease, as if he had been invited. 
	“Hello everyone, Jason, Ametia, Ellie.” He gave her a nod then he looked at me. “There are so many names to call you and some aren’t even expletives.” He smirked. “What are you going by today?”
	I took a bite of pasta and ignored him hopefully getting to the point before my appetite was ruined. Ellie on the other hand wasn’t was cool and collected as I was and broke quickly.
	“What can we do for you Zane?” She asked meekly, the attitude infused teenager gone. She sat next to Jason, this could get bad, quickly. As these thoughts ran through my head Zane’s head cocked and he watched the siblings with hawk like focus. Shit.
	“I was wondering what was so special about that made May over here break her vow never to return but I see now. You’re her new ‘friends’ sister.” The maniacal glee was thick. He turned back to me. “Oh, I underestimated you. You, brilliant evil little woman you, tell me how is it you got your old love interest to help your new one? Honestly that’s one for the history books, that is.” His grin was nothing less than evil and feline. 
	“Why are you here Zane?” I inquired with a bored tone. “Don’t you have some fifth graders to swindle their lunch money from or something? A Monet perhaps?” 
	He honest to the Gods stuck his bottom lip at me and pouted. It is disturbing on so many levels it will likely become one of my new nightmares. “You ruin all the fun.” He sighed dramatically. “Fine there is a marina and you need to find out how to get into it without setting any alarm bells off. All of you. Northside Marina, you have a week May. Best not for you to delay.” He stood and left.
	We all gave out a collective breath. “Well he seems, interesting…” Ametia observed
***
The next morning after training I brought up the plan. “So, who want to go on a stakeout today?” There was a collective groan. If they thought, I was doing this by myself they were sadly mistaken. “Great Ametia today, Jason tomorrow, and Ellie the next and repeat until I find an angle. Won’t this be fun?” I asked while horribly faking enthusiasm. 
	Ametia shook her head. “What angle will you be looking for this time?”
	I gave a grin. “Trust me you’ll hate it!” Gathering snacks, we piled into the car and drove to our destination. Parking a discreet distance away but visible with a pair of binoculars. We settled in for a long shift.
	However, not a quiet one it would seem.
	“You were never after him, were you?” Ametia asks. So, the day had come when we were able to rationally clear the air.
	I shook my head. “Nope. I-I still don’t see any but Nathan.” 
	She gave me a bewildered look. “Then why? Why put up with the abuse, with my anger and scorn? You could have just said something. Granted I wouldn’t have believed you right off the bat, but the first night with Ellie, when he came. I would have believed you.”
	I chuckled. “I liked that you hated me. You wouldn’t believe how boring life can be without a little fire. Provoking you has been the best entertainment I’ve had in so long.” I smiled sadly. “Besides Nathan and I can never be.” 
	We sat in silence. “Does this mean I have to be nice to you now?”
	I gasped. “And deny me my entertainment? I will not accept such a proposal.”
	Her laugh thick and throaty. “Very well, I will continue on hating your guts and questioning you at every turn.”
	With a conspirators smile we pulled up our binoculars and watched the marina.
*			*			*
“So how are you planning on getting access to the marina. The only way is by being a member or a guest. What’s your angle?” Zane asked with that smug smirk. He knew what are plan was, but he enjoyed the game far too much to make it boring. 
	It had taken us four days to finally find a viable way in. We did it now we just need to wait until a day or two before the job to make contact. I pulled a manila envelope and tossed it to him. He caught it and opened it pulling out the photos of a member of the marina with women that he invited in. That was going to be our in. Unfortunately for the mark, Ametia was the marks type and she would be going undercover. 
	“What about you and the rest?” He asks.
“I’ll be joining him and Ametia. The others I’ll get in through the security offices. Don’t you worry your pretty little face about anything.”
	He held his hand to his heart. “Ah you think I’m pretty.”
	I shrugged and gave a finger wave before turning on my heel and leaving without permission. Permission, he could kiss my ass.
*			*			*
The Malaysian gala was in six days and I assumed that was when Zane planned for this job to take place. There was one final step we needed to cover before the heist happened. Where we were going to go after the heist goes down. Where were we going to lay low until we could give Zane his prize.
	I decided to get a jump start on this before Zane told us to jump, again. At dawn I dressed, wrote a note, and pulled my bike out of the garage. I drove up and down the river on both sides 25 miles each way and on the last leg of the journey I found the perfect place. 
	I drove to another marina near Northside and rented a boat so I could see the spot from the water. It took almost an hour to almost reach it, from here I pulled my binoculars and looked around. Nope this was not a bad spot. I memorized the coordinates from the navigation before heading back to the marina. Before I returned it, I made sure to clear the memory. 
	When I returned to the safe house there was another package this one larger than the others.
	May, 
I’m glad you took the initiative of the final step for the job to go successfully. I haven’t told you the reason behind the gala that is where we’re going to meet up after the job and you’ll give me the location of my new acquisition. I decided to spare you the hassle and did some shopping for you. 
Your welcome,
             Zane
	He was like Vadim. Vadim always controlled what I wore. He is a story for another day.
*			*			*
Three days later Ametia went into play and hooked the little rich boy (aka the mark) within five minutes. Apparently, she was a quite the actress when she had to be. Everything was now in play Ametia had a date, Isaac had all of his programs set up, the sedative mixtures were ready, Nathan had a van and uniforms. 
The morning of. We all met up at the diner where it all started. Nathan and I, the search for Ellie, we all gathered and talked about just about everything except the job that was taking place this afternoon. 
“So, what’s story between the two of you?” Ametia asked indicating to Nathan and me. Could I ignore the question? I asked myself. I thought about how this could go. I could say nothing exciting but Isaac and Ellie would probably snort and laugh and then I would have to say anyway or I could just come out with it.
Door two it was. “I came into town to get some hit men off my tail before moving out of the area. I met Nathan stayed longer than I should have, he almost died. FYI that’s the reason why I shouldn’t have stay as long as I did. When I left, he was still in a medical induced coma. Which is why Ellie hates me, Isaac hates me, and why Zane likes to make snide comments.” I grinned quickly before calling out “could I get another coffee?”
Everyone held an identical look of shock. Nathan eventually rolled his eyes and his expression turned into amusement. “That’s definitely one way to describe our relationship.” He couldn’t even bother to be annoyed, no he had to be amused. 
“Fine I stayed longer than I should have because I fell in love you. Then I almost got you killed.” I rectified with a snarl. “Better?”
He nodded, appeased. 
“They argued like an old married couple back then too.” Isaac included. That thankfully was the end of that conversation.
*			*			*
Then the time came. This is how it proceeds. Part one of the heist Ametia had a date with Sampson (aka the little rich boy). Little did Sampson know that I was going to tag along. He comes to her hotel to pick her up and also find me as well. With careful manipulation I get invited along. As we walk through the docks I will separate to go to “bath room” but instead I’m breaking into the control office. Sneaking up behind the security guard I slip a thin needle into his neck and inject a sedative. His head lulls back as he becomes unconscious. Pushing the chair away I begin to hack into security via a thumb drive with a virus already in place, thank you Isaac. I open the entry gates letting Nathan, Jason, and Isaac in while they’re disguised as mechanics. I doctor the records so it appears as though they’re supposed to be here.
Now I meet back up with Ametia, feigning I got lost to make up for the excess time I was gone. Meanwhile Nathan and Jason are knocking out the yachts guards, while Isaac hides in the van until his time comes. When it does, he will do his magic and hack into to both the onboard security and the Russian military grade missile system. Nathan and Jason will also be making changes to the ships exterior. 
All while Ametia and I lounge in a multi-million-dollar yacht drinking expensive champagne. Then they steal the yacht. Ellie meanwhile is down river preparing the rendezvous point. 
Ametia and I lock eyes as the target leaves the marina. In a few hours before Sampson’s father comes to his boat, Sampson will take us back to the hotel. Ametia will order our rental car around and will drive me to the embassy but first I must dress in a floor length gold dress, matching shoes, clutch, smoky makeup, and a messy chic ponytail.
I sit in the backset on the drive to the embassy. The embassy is an old brick colonial, but completely renovated with all new appliances, plumbing, wiring, and of course security systems.  Ametia pulled the car into the entrance. Her nod said good luck and I stepped out. 
	Security scanned my finger prints, did facial recognition and ran my passport, all came up with green lights. My contact back in the home land came through. I stepped into the ballroom and glanced around the room was beautifully decorated in bright lively colors. 
	I lapped around the room once before I saw him. He tipped his flute of champagne to me right was a waiter approached with a glass. I took it and the napkin it rested on. 
Third floor alcove across from the stage. Enjoy the champagne I hear it’s one of the best in the world. 
Was written on the napkin, I folded it in half to hide the words.
	I took a sip of the sparkling wine as I slowly made my way to the stair case. Zane was right the drink was fantastic but it had a strange earthy after tone. I slipped up the stairs with no one noticing. Heading to the alcove still sipping the drink. In case anyone caught me, I could fake being tipsy/drunk, it was much easier to play that part with a near empty glass than a full one. Tripping on the stairs, the champagne must be going straight to my head. I mused
	As I approached the alcove what I saw stopped me in my tracks. A sniper’s nest was set up the rifle, my rifle, in position to kill someone on the stage behind the podium. This was an assassination and I was going to be framed for it all. My Instinct rose to the surface giving a growl. I swayed on my feet the ground rushing to greet me, my vision went black, my legs gave out and I was dead to the world.
Chapter Twenty-Three

When I came to the noise of chaos and panic sent spikes of pain to my head. Quickly I remembered what was going on. The Instinct was there rising up but not taking control, merely lending me strength. I stood on unsteady feet and looked over the railing, people were going crazy and on the stage blood was everywhere. 
“There!” Bellowed a familiar voice. Zane, he was pointing at me to the security officers. My eyes widened in panic I yanked off my heels and ran. Since I was in a secure building I could bring one lick of a weapon but that didn’t matter when you were forged into one. I didn’t want to fight these guys they were just doing their job and honestly my hands were shaking too violently to be reliable.
I ran to the balcony doors only to find them closed and locked due to the lockdown protocol. Think, think I demanded. All the windows of the entire building were bullet resistant. Weak points, maybe just maybe I could exploit the integrity of the walls. With a crazy plan- but a plan nonetheless, I ran to a room that had a window next to a large tree that I saw when Ametia drove up. 
Pushing a heavy oak dresser in front of the door. The window was locked and made of bullet resistant pixy glass no matter, what I did that sucker would not shatter. I picked up a solid heavy-duty silver candle stick and started busting up the wall six inches away from the window.  The outside was composed of brick. It was a crazy foolish idea that I could bludgeon my way through it. Everything about me was impossible, might as well try and use it to my advantage. 
I started swinging, the candle holder going through the plaster like butter. I repeated my strikes. It took much longer than I wanted to create a gap large enough for me to fit through. I didn’t pause to think of the implications of such a feat. I squeezed through the opening right as security busted through the blockade. I jumped out and landed roughly against a branch I wrapped my arms around it before swinging and jumping to another branch below. Security now didn’t have a clear shot from my exit point. Once there I dropped to the bottom. 
	Picking up the remains of the tattered hem I ran. As I approached a ten-foot wall I started front flips and as I got closer and closer to the wall my flips grew stronger and stronger until I summersaulted over. I rolled into the ground not taking time to breath before jumping up and running again. The embassy was on the water and my crew were waiting downstream. I stripped off my dress and dived. I took a breath before disappearing into the murky depths of the Mississippi river. I just hoped no Bull sharks got curious and started chomping.
	I swam down river for, four miles until I approached the abandoned cemetery and marina. There were two docks, both empty and on the side a large metal shed where the yacht rested. I hauled myself onto the dock and momentarily collapsed. I needed water and some green tea to purify my system of the drug. I pushed myself up, looking around for everyone, or anyone. The freezing air wrapped around my wet body. The cold starting to bury into my body. I wrapped my arms around my torso. I walked deeper into the cemetery and found my team.
	Zane and two of his thugs were holding guns on trussed up Jason, Ellie, Nathan, and Ametia. Zane saw us approach and readjusted his aim.
	“You, stupid bitch, why don’t you just die already?” Zane demanded with a growl. Nathan, without looking at me gave a minuet dip of his chin.
	“Why the double cross Zane? You got what you wanted! We got the stupid boat for you. That boat is worth four billion dollars, what more do you want?”
	“What do I want?” He asks with exasperation. “I want you gone. Do you have any idea how much money you’ve costed me over the last year? Every time you infiltrate the mob you’ve decimated my contacts and alliances. No matter I’ll collect the bounty on your head to repay some of the debt. Thanks to you I’ll have a new business venture up and running soon. You see I didn’t care about the boat. I wanted what was inside of it.” He pulled a flash drive out from his pocket. 
	Shaking from rage I demanded. “Since you’re going to kill us anyway, why? What’s on that flash drive worth killing for? You’re ruthless Zane equal to none other, but you don’t kill, why now, why frame me?”
	“First off, framing you, that’s how I’m delivering you to the mob. Second, you’re right killing isn’t my style but I made an exception in this case. Two birds one stone you know. The man ‘you killed’ he was standing in my way. His predecessor is excited for my operation to being. Third, the files those are they’re about me and my plans. With him dead they would have been read, ruining my agenda.” A smug smile appeared. It took all my strength not to attack, but I had to keep my friends safe. “Lastly, that boat while worth so much. It’s too popular and to well known to be sold as is. Even scrapped my operation will be worth ten times as much. The yacht was just a misdirect.
	“Imagine it, it’ll be the most successful broad-spectrum operation ever. Drugs, relics, women, do you have any idea how many alliances those products will make me? Let alone the money.” He sighed in self-satisfaction. I knew Zane was greedy and twisted but this went beyond my comprehension. 
	“I’m disappointed in you May. I thought you of all people wouldn’t get caught quite so easily.” There was a pause. “How did you know how much the yacht it worth?” Speculation and something else was in his eyes. Fear I recognized. Gotcha.
	“Zane, I will remember this day for the rest of my life.” I promised.
	“FBI freeze.” Men’s voices boomed as guys decked out in full swat gear surrounded Zane and his boys. “Down on the ground now!” They commanded. 
Ametia Jason and Ellie stood on it shock. They looked at me and Nathan dumbfounded. I smiled at Nathan and flashed back.
*			*			*
After that first meeting with Zane I escaped to the roof. Nathan cornered me into the back of the roof siding he placed his hands on the railing trapping me between him and the rails. He leaned into me until his heat mixed with mine and there was no difference between the two. “I know that look. I know you. You see twenty steps ahead, when the rest of us only see the first three. You take chances that seem crazy to the rest of us. When really, you’re planning a game that won’t come into play until fifteen moves later. I may not know what you’re planning, but I do know when you’re playing a con. 
	“Kat this isn’t the game you play often. He isn’t your usual marks. You might be brilliant but Zane is better.”
	I looked Nathan in the eye. “What are you going to do about it?”
	He narrowed his eyes at me. “I have two options; I can ignore what you’re doing or try and stop you, even with our history. Both you will foresee and plan accordingly. If I try and stop you I might end up helping instead.” He shook his head. “Playing chess with a master.” 
	I leaned into him. “There’s a third option Nathan.” I breathed. “You can help me and we can destroy him.”
	He did not disappoint. “How? What do I have to do?” 
I responded with a wicked grin. “First things first.” 
*			*			*
A 98’ yacht what was so special about one particular yacht that Zane would go through all the trouble of having me take care of it. There really was one answer and there was going to be a double cross somewhere. Only one way to find out and get my own little double cross set up go to the man with the best resources. I grabbed a brand-new burner phone and headed to my secondary control room.
I dialed a number five times then smashed the phone to smithereens with a hammer. Next, I went to a wall, I took the hammer and started smashing the faux concrete. I cleared the debris revealing the wall safe, opening it I pulled out the secure satellite phone. Inside the safe were a few other just in case items. A go bag that contained clothing, money, weapons, and another clean identity. In every city I set up a base I had a few hidden go bags scattered around. Also in some random towns, you know, just in case. 
I turned on the phone and waited. I answered once it started to vibrate.
“Alex, you ok? What’s the big emergency?” He sounded worried, he had a right to worry I just called him with the doomsday signal.
“Hey Arch remember when you said not to mess with The Crew?” I asked in a light tone.
“You didn’t, Christ, Alexandra I tell you not to do one thing and that’s exactly what you do next!” He sighed and breathed. “Ok can’t change the past. I presume you need something so what is it?”
“Well I kind of took something of Zane’s and in compensation he wants me to steal a really big boat, I think. But anyway I’m 99.98% sure he’s planning an elaborate con and double cross. And to be honest he’s a pain in the ass so I want to pull my own elaborate con and double cross.” It was quite simple but give it five seconds and someone was going to blow a fuse and have a major temper tantrum.
“Are you insane?” He bellowed, see five seconds. “Alex h- he is not some mob boss that like deadly mysterious women. He sees right through you.”
“I am well aware of who I’m messing with, thank you very much. I’ll be careful but in the meantime, try and find this yacht he wants. All I know is its 98’ and has to be important. Try a search for say one, two hundred miles.”
“Will do. Play this smart kid.” He warned before hanging up.
*			*			*
My phone rang once three times. Finally, Mathews was getting back to me. I went upstairs and grabbed the secure phone and called him. 
	“I think I found your boat.” He informed instead of a hello. “It’s one of the most expensive yachts ever built. Pricing around four billion dollars.”
	My breath caught in my throat evoking a coughing attack. “Four billion, as in billions?” I demanded. 
	“Yep. Anyway, the owner is a Malaysian ambassador. Obviously, a billionaire but also with political pull. Are you sure you have to pull this job kid? All I’m getting is bad vibes and I’m hundreds of miles away.”
	I rubbed my forehead. “I really don’t want to do this but yes I have to. Besides how knows what he’s planning and I’m most likely the only who can stop him. I have to do this.”
	“Ok be careful.”
*			*			*
	I followed protocol and dialed up Mathews. “I know what he’s planning. He gave us a task to try and find out how to infiltrate the Malaysian embassy. I tailed one of his goons we went to a hospital pharmacy and got some kind of sedative. Also, there’s also been some breaches in my security they haven’t gotten in but they’re testing my set up.”
	Mathews gave a long colorful curse as he put the pieces together. “Here’s what were gonna do.” I gave him the rundown.
*				*			*
I came back to the present as a coat was draped across my shoulders. I looked behind me to see an unfamiliar face. “Thanks.” I smiled. I inspected all lawmen until I found the one with a buzz cut and in his usual suit and tie.
Mathews lowered his Glock and holstered it. “I can’t leave you alone for five minutes without you getting yourself in a mess. Honestly what would you do if I wasn’t here.” He said with a glint of worry in his eyes. 
“Well my body count would probably be much higher.” I joked, kind of.
He gave a frustrated sign. “Anything I need to worry about?” He asked.
I shrugged and grinned. “Just about what you’re going to do with that raise and promotion. Like buying Shelia a certain article of jewelry.” I wiggled my eyebrows.
	He groaned. “Oh, not you too? Everyone is getting in my business about popping the question, Christ almighty. Maybe I enjoy bachelorhood.”
	I snorted. “Bachelorhood? It is time to face the truth. You’re whipped.” He considered this for a moment and then an evil glint flashed in his eyes.
	“Maybe I am. It takes one to know one, doesn’t it? My favorite little spy.”
	I scowled at the nickname. He chuckled smugly and I resisted the urge to stick my tongue out at him and throw something at his handsome face. Thankfully he didn’t mention my slip up.
“W-wait what just happened?” Ametia asked her voice calm but she was on the verge of a panic attack. Jason looked over at me his eyes narrowed. Ellie looked unconcerned about being held at gun point and the fact that the great and powerful Zane just got arrested and would not be getting out of it this time.
“Well we just narrowly missed getting stuck with a grand theft auto charge. I was framed for murder by the way the guy is alive and safe with warning from the FBI and an informant. His security team was able to save him. Ellie is now free from Zane’s evil crutches as is well everyone in his crew.” Including Nathan, he was free.
His head jerked towards me as he realized what I meant. A quiet smile played his features. My breath caught, he was beautiful. I loved him, I loved him with every broken fiber of my being and I was going to have to leave him again. Life most defiantly wasn’t fair.
“We all now have one hell of a story to tell everyone back at the Sanctuary.” I tried to break up some of the tension. Jason and Ametia still in shock didn’t question things further. 
That night after we went home and cleaned up. We all went out and celebrated with the best pizza St. Louis had to offer. I got to catch up with Mathews. Ellie clung to Nathan unwilling to lose a second with her friend. Jason for the first time since I met him weeks ago was relaxed, no longer with worry and strain pulling at his neck and brows. Ametia well she didn’t say much of anything she just sat and watched the relationship ties between all of us. 
During the night one question remained. How in Hades did I escape from the embassy. One person does not simply beat a brick wall into smithereens. 
By the time the clock hit eleven my group said our goodbye to Nathan and Mathews. We piled into my SUV and drove back to the safe house. In the rear-view mirror tears streaked Ellie’s face, she cried without a sound the entire drive. When we got there, we lumbered upstairs. Ellie hit the showers immediately. I placed some pajamas in the bathroom for her and packed her bags, leaving out an outfit for the bus ride home. 
Jason and Ametia also packed their bags then went to bed falling asleep almost immediately. With privacy I repack my own pack. I still had a nagging feeling in my gut so I hid away two new clean identities I had hidden in the city and the left-over cash. Ellie climbed into bed and was out like a light. I waited a handful of minutes before sneaking out of the apartment. 
Chapter Twenty-Four

I pushed my bike up the driveway to keep from waking the others. I then drove the familiar path to his apartment. The cold wind blowing through my hair and clothing was as good as any energy drink and the best way to clear a loud busy mind.
I knocked on the door before my cowardly heart could stop me. I shoved my hands in my back pockets and took extreme interest into the toes in my boots. The door opened.
	"Hey." 
He didn’t say anything just leaped forward and pulled me into a crushing hug. “I was hoping that you’d come by but- “
	I smiled weakly against his neck. “I have a history of disappearing in the wind.” I pulled out of his embrace, that alone was one of the most painful things I’ve ever done “I wanted to say I'm sorry I didn't say goodbye in person. That I wrote that letter instead."
	"So why didn’t you? Why didn’t you saw goodbye to me in person?" Deep inside in a place once again I thought was dead broke just a little more. I should know by now when it comes to Nathan my heart and soul are never dead and gone. No matter how much I wish they were. 
	"I was scared Nathan. I was scared that you would say something, anything and I would stay. That I wouldn’t leave and it would happen again, it always happens again. And I can’t, I can’t watch you die again. I watched my father die the only person I loved die, I felt his heart stop beating and watched the light fade from his eyes, and watched him take his last breath.
	"I won’t go through that again. No matter what I am feeling now and for the last nine months it is nothing compared to what it felt like in that alley." A sob choked in my throat and out came a truly miserable sound.
	"Hey, hey, it’s ok, its ok." He gathered me in his arms and it felt absolutely perfect like his arms belonged around me. It destroyed me it shattered and ruined my withered black heart and soul. This was the very definition of insanity, torture, and masochism. 
	"No, its not ok. Why for once can’t something be easy?" I half sobbed into his chest.
	"As much as I hate it, everything worth having is worth fighting for." I half laughed in his shirt. Those words vibrated through my chest. Someone I loved dearly used to say something like that once.
"When did you start taking philosophy classes?"
	He gave a nervous laugh. "Um actually about three weeks ago." I lifted my head up from his chest and put the dots together. A smile broke through my tears.
"You did it?" I asked rhetorically and without thinking leaped into his arms. "I'm so proud of you." I exclaimed still hugging him still forgetting that we broke up and for some reason I was clinging to him. After a moment 
	I untangled myself from his chest. "That’s amazing Nathan. You went for it and you got it just like you always do.”
	He gave a self-deprecating smile. “Well not everything but I see your point.” I grimaced “but none of that.” He looked behind him and back at me. “Would you like to come in. It’ll be like old times just for a little I’ve missed you Kitten.” 
I turned my face away. “Is that really a smart thing to do?” I ask one side of me pleaded for a yes and the other a no. Just like when I was breaking into his place I was torn. I wanted protect both our hearts but another side craved him, needed to be around him no matter the cost. 
He smiled mischievously. “Kitten when have we ever done the smart thing? You tear apart the worst men in the country and I steal from the most powerful and we just took down the best thief in the world.” I laughed and stepped into his apartment. 
Memories flooded as I took in his place, everything was in exactly the same place as before. On the right was his kitchen and across and in front of the door was his dining table on the left was a bathroom and further left was a small niche that held his bed. On the far wall was this TV station with a coffee table and suede couch in front and on the right of the far side was his piano and painting area. This was the only place that I felt safe, at home and safe.
The most surprising thing though was the TV was on the CW network and his favorite show was on ‘Arrow’. I laughed. “You still watch this?”
He pulled his shoulders back and unabashedly admitted he did. “Don’t try and weasel your way out of admitting you liked it to.” 
“I tolerated it because you loved it not because I found any enjoyment out of it.” With my back to him I let myself release an evil grin.
He tackled me to the couch and laid on top of me. “You take that back right now.” He raised an eye brow and began his attack tickling my sides until I shrieked and cried uncle.
“Fine, fine, you big bully. As cheesy as the show is yes I enjoy it.” He let out a whoop of triumph. He moved behind me and cradled me to his chest. His warmth was a healing balm for my black heart and soul. The constant pressure against my back and arms around my waist a security blanket I’d denied myself for too long. My breathing deepened and pulse slowed. For once I was relaxed, truly relaxed and not manipulating my body to slow. We laid like that for two episodes until my eyes started to get heavy.
I gently sat up careful not to jostle him too much. He was still awake. I placed a palm on his cheek. “I love you Nathan, please don’t ever doubt that.”
He pressed his cheek into my palm. “I love you too Kat. I don’t care what name you go by is real or not I love you. For what’s in here.” He covered my heart with a hand. A tear slipped from my eye. 
We both pressed forward at the same time. The kiss began gentle but turned passionate and desperate quickly. He pulled back. “Come back to me when you feel safe. I’ll be here waiting, always.”
I shook my head. “Don’t promise that Nathan. I want you happy not waiting on a broken girl with more secrets than truth.” I pressed one final kiss to his mouth before standing and leaving without looking back. Tears broke free but I contained my sorrow until I got back to the safe house, the minute I was safe in the garage my control snapped. I dismounted my legs crumbled and I fell to my knees.
Sobs ripped free from my chest, my vision blurred, my mind collapsed under the agony as my chest ripped apart. Vaguely I saw a shadow appear but I didn’t really care until someone sat next to me and wrapped their arms around me.
It didn’t stop for over an hour. Soon after the sobs stopped and my tear ducts ran dry my vision cleared I could see who my comforter was. I blinked thinking my eyes were wrong but nope I saw correctly the first time. It was Ametia.
“It sucks doesn’t it?” She asked rhetorically while letting me go and standing.
I nodded. “Jason’s a blind idiot.”
She shrugged. “So are you.” She turned and left. Yes, yes, I was.
When morning came it was unlike all the others. There was no working out, no training, we just woke up made coffee and breakfast, checked the bus schedule for the final time, packed up the hidden room, finally locked all the doors and finally it looked as if I never came back. The only difference was we took to the SUV to the station. In a few days it would get towed and it would stay there for forever. Then it was done. We were on a bus back to the Sanctuary and I left Nathan behind. Again. 
The trip was long, tiring, and emotionally exhausting. Not only was I missing Nathan and Mathews, but I was seated next to Ametia the entire trip. It was late when we got back but our ride was there waiting, Sarah. I didn’t even know her but I was more than happy to see her friendly face. As the bus pulled away she pulled us all into bear hugs, even a disgruntled Ellie. I even excepted the hold for an extra moment or two, you know just to make her feel better.
She drove up to the main house and like before she led us inside. Unlike before food was already waiting on the table thank you Gods! Duke sat at the head of the table but stood and greeted us as we entered. 
His smile was warm, gentle, and welcoming, I felt better already. He stopped in front of Ellie. “Hello, you must be Eleanor; I am Duke.”
Ellie had the same reaction I did. I could see it in her micro expressions and posture, she was relaxing and absorbing Dukes comforting presence. “Hi.” She said meekly. 
“Come, come eat.” He waved us to the table and retook his seat. “Tell me of your adventures.” He smiled but there was something in his eyes, a light furrow between his eyebrows. As dinner proceeded Ametia and Jason told a wild tale that was actually our life. Ellie chimed in here and there but I remained silent, Duke asked many questions and responded to the story with hysterical aminations. 
Then dinner ended, the table cleared we were dismissed to go back to the cabins and get some sleep. Then. “Alex can you hold up for a minute?” I turned and followed him into is den. His eyes were lidded and his forehead furrowed whatever he was going to say it was not good. 
“Alexandra, we need to talk; you should sit down for this.” He sat down on one of the chairs on the outside of his desk and he pulled up the other for me. I came forward and sat. His hands were clasped in his lap and his shoulders hunched.
“Alexandra, I know what is happening to you. I know who killed your father, and I know why they are after you.”
I gasped, everything every answer I craved with every ounce of my being was right here. Right now. “Duke, who, why, please everything?” The words tumbled from my lips incoherently. 
He shook his head and looked out the window. He wasn’t just upset, he was afraid. “I cannot tell you. It cannot be spoken of.” 
I accepted his refusal to tell me of my father. “So, you know of my plan to leave then.” Not a question.
He now looked me in the eye. “I realized it the moment you first walked through the door. 
I shrug and went back to my father. “How’d you figure them out?” I ask. I went through my knowledge of the creatures and what Duke had just said.
“I will admit it was not easy. Near impossible actually to put the pieces together. Then one night in my sleep I remembered a story I was told long ago. It was the only thing that made sense even though it was the worst scenario. I had hoped it was just a ghost story, but it is all true. I am so sorry Alexandra for what has happened to you. And for what will come to pass.”
I knew that was all I would get from him even if I had the urge to beg and plead. I stood. 
He got to his feet. “I am so sorry.” He gave me a grim smile.
“I know.” I embraced him goodbye. “Take care of them Duke. Tell them I’ll miss them.” He squeezed me tight then released me. 
“I’m different for them. I’m faster, stronger, my senses are off the chart. I-I did something in St. Louis something that has no explanation for. What you know, does it explain why I am the way I am?”
He didn’t say anything; he didn’t have to. I could read it in his eyes.
I nodded. “Thank you Duke for everything.” I picked up my pack and walked out into the night.
Before I could get twenty feet from the house Jason was there. “You’re running, aren’t you?” His shoulder shoulders were stiff and anger lit his features.
“It’s better this way, trust me.” I blanked out my features and voice, giving nothing away. 
“Why?” He came to stand in front of me.
I didn’t look away. I held his eyes. “It’s who I am. I move around a lot. I like my life this way. I tried to warn that I would move on soon. I’m sorry Jason.”
“You have friends here. What about us?”
I surprised us both by pulling him into a hug. “Goodbye Jason.” Then I walked away into the night. I would miss them, all of them. It was better this way. They would be safe this way.
Epilogue
I made it halfway to town when she appeared. The black mare from the first day at the Sanctuary. The horse that was out of the fencing that apparently just showed up one day. As though she was waiting for me to come. Duke thought that the sooner I left the safer I would be from them finding me. But what if they already found me and were waiting for Don; to activate me, waiting for me to come to Duke. 
	The instinct that had been mainly quiet the last few weeks flared up. It wanted me to get on the horse. That horse would take me to those who killed my father. I once had a limited way to track them but always lead to dead ends, but now I had a direct pass to the belly of the beast. I could finally get the answers to all my questions.
Grabbing a fistful of mane, I jumped, pulling myself up, and onto her back. Off to see the wizard.

###





If you enjoyed this book please leave a review. Thank you so much. 

About me:
Raelyn Taylor lives on the Olympic Peninsula with her family and puppy. She lives for a hot cup of tea on a cold, rainy day with a good book. She’s wanted to be a writer since age five, wanting to tell wonderful stories and the desire hasn’t stopped. 

Contact:
Blog: http://rawlitcom.blogspot.com/
          http://raelyntaylorwrites.blogspot.com/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/Raelyn_Taylor_

Other Books:
A Daughter’s Fury Series
Fire vs Fire
A Daughter’s Fury
Untitled Coming 2018



