
A Salty Bus Driver and the Wet Flower Maker
By Professor Mustard
Copyright 2021 Professor Mustard
Smashwords Edition
CHAPTER 1

The garden of this metropolis took a while to create, the gardener owning two handfuls of green thumbs.  The downside with a green fist lies in the painful challenge to color pastel dye on the delicate shells of Easter eggs, but the feeling, the spiritual high ruminating off these leaves, is genuine and wonderfully true, pure love pours out with the sun’s yolk in radiant outcroppings of leafy canopies and Irish green crabgrass, the feel of it under his toes, the feel of joy and blessing grows fruit on the shrubberies and other manicured lawn gnome huts and fairy elf furnished houses spread out throughout this wild corner pocket of the state park.  Plants to trim, flowers to bloom, leafy greens to eat, caress, or smoke, out in the amazon tundra of Jefferson State Park, the green growth is golden.  
Life is simpler, in this little enclosure, the garden nymphs debauchery, where no one comes, and where no one gives two polished rat’s ass turds about.  Crisp leaves sun bake on the edge of branches, their fires burning in brilliant Autumn red and gold.  Drop enough things in the dirt, stirring of past creatures rooted in the soil, surround and bristle with their life energy, a covering mass blanket of decomposed death, a halo warmly snug around themselves, of such rich life force, found in the earth, and, something will grow.  Now, a paradise thrives out of once briar and brimstone and ice and coal.  
Detail, gone into this tucked away corner of a utopian oasis of manicured pomegranate bushes with cherry blossom trees, the beauty from randomness, madness, nature’s ass is as beautiful as it is violent, can perhaps the knife fight over sunlight and water be attributed to cause the effect of these trees being so magnificently breathtaking, they have to earn their keep.  Nature is a loaded gun but you don’t know what it’s loaded with until you pull the trigger.
Muic stares at the trees from his distant perch, he sees Mr. Jinkins sitting in the middle of it, oblivious to the world around him, focused on his papers organized in folders in his lap on the park bench, Muic studies the way even the limbs overlap and their branches, silhouetted by the backdrop of clouds, their artwork, and fiery autumn leaves, are like strokes of vibrant paint in a masterpiece made to bear witness to the temperance of the moment.  He feels special, taken with a feeling, this all, it maybe is made just for him, right now.
Fall weather is deep in the season, and while some leaves fall slowly in the breeze, others, fluttering down like rescue helicopters,  gather in mobs on the lawn, and have been recently raked, across the hot coals of cedar clumps and pine mulch, and their piles removed.
The trees sway back and forth as a man sits carefree on the park bench that can only be seen from atop the rooftop of Lexington Park Condominium Towers where Muic, relaxing, looks through his scope once again, red flagging and rehashing all the possible horrible endings that can sprout from this moment, looks in for the void, he looks at the man, who is shuffling papers around impatiently waiting, Muic’s appointment is in ten minutes, ‘Well my friend, your wait is almost over,” or maybe it has just begun, what comes into play, when you die and enter the gates of heaven or hell, is anything possible?, he supposes, anything can happen, if rumors hold true and you didn't live such a good life, eternity may be a long drag.  What is our own personal experience in hell?  Perhaps Mr. Jinkins must soon spend eternity chipping away at a rock mountain for penance due, whos to say, as Muic, looks into the void again, this time feels the void, and in the void, he lightly, tenderly, lovingly, squeezes the trigger.  Mr. Jinkins is about to find out.  His rifle gives a slight hiccup.  “Bye,” says Muic.
 Mr. Jinkins slumps over finding what he's been searching for his whole life, death.
Muic just created an object in motion, a small piece of sharpened metal spiraling out of his barrel, that’s like natural law, and subject to physical forces, spiritual law is now the body of meat sitting on the park bench, that’s now dead.  If there is a soul, spiritual law takes effect, but now that’s always been a tricky question, hasn’t it?
Muic quietly pours an acid wash over his plastic rifle and waits patiently while it melts into a plastic blob before packing up his nest on the rooftop, careful to leave no trace, he moves to his own beat, a drummer now madly keeping the rhythm low key to march slow and steady while a war rages all around.  He walks down the flight of stairs next to the elevator on a mission, his red flag waving, knowing they shoot for the drummer boy second, flag carrier first.
Outside, he takes a deep breath of clean air, and Muic pushes the wheelchair he left next to the bike rack, glad the neighborhood hoodlunms did not consider fucking with it.  He walks the wheelchair over to the park.  It is not too far from the towers, and as he rolls it, he has a funny feeling he is being watched.  Not that it matters, he knows how paranoid he can get.  It is almost a gift, his intense paranoia, yet the lack of peace of mind after days on edge, can wear at the soul, but being so paranoid, he rarely makes mistakes; still he is quick to walk out of the line of sight of curtained windows, when you think a nutcase with a gun or a barbed wire spiked bat is behind each door, every shrubbery, you tend to appreciate the moment for what it is, and tread lightly.
Now the birds are chirping, the sun is out, and this day just got better because Mr. Jinkins who agreed to meet him, he sees the papers in Mr. Jinkins hands for the life insurance policy Mr. Jinkins was ready to banter him with, Mr. Jinkins, a golden recipe, is now halfway closer to making Muic a cool half mill.  Mr. Jinkins was a life insurance salesman, another notch in Muic’s reasoning to kill him, Mr. Jinkins had been very very insistent on selling him an life insurance policy that had Muic accepted and then keeled over, would have left Muic’s wife a multi millionaire and various other agencies very rich.  Promises of great rewards, the only catch, Muic has to die to receive them.  Well in a funny way the tables have sort of turned.  Muic hopes Mr. Jinkins family is well taken care of.  He is sure Mr. Jinkins subscribes to his own song and dance.
Now, this is Muic’s favorite state park and part of him feels violated and impure, because he killed someone in it, the innocence lost.  Now this place will be associated with death and warrant secrecy.  Muic can not come back here ever again, it’s stained, just like the blood stains dripping down the bench, they say it all, aw fuck it.
Mr. Jinkins is hidden from view near some mums and an oak tree turning coats, leaves absolutely glowing in orange and red on fire.   Mr. Jinkins’ body is in the same place, spirit holding hands with the devil, as when Muic shot him from on top of the roof tower.  His two piece suit, blood stains in front and back, is ruined.
Muic wraps a blanket around Mr. Jinkins, it is a quilt his Aunt Melomy knit, and is dark reds and browns, very dismal with stringy braids for the edges, Aunt Melomy had been a bit off of her rocker when she knit it, swinging five fingers in bourbon and rum and crawling down with her walker half way up dementia, but still quite the quilt knitter, adding a spoonful of tender love and making it  beautiful in its own way, and it kind of makes the whole scene complete, like the umbrella in a tropical caribbean drink.  Muic scoots Mr. Jinkins up in its brown and red burgundy thread, Mr. Jinkins, with all the look of a mummified bus bum, an alley cat, tumbles forward, into Muic’s arms.  In a loving embrace, a bear hug, maneuvering his body to the wheelchair, Muic drops Mr. Jinkins in and adds a fluffy long wig and puts air pilot goggles over Mr. Jinkins’ eyes, it gives him the feel of a red baron hippie who looks constipated, his mouth in an expression of wonder.  That’ll work, I suppose.
Pushing Mr. Jinkins down the park trails, Muic does not rush, but walks briskly whistling.  He has a rather one sided conversation with Mr. Jinkins.  He passes a young couple holding hands, and another with their dog, the dog who says nothing of the scent of death reeking from Mr. Jinkins who’s well on his way through the pearly gates, by now Willy Wonka's golden ticket in hand.  Muic veering down a lesser traveled trail, on the edge of the shore, keeps walking.
 “I tell you Herb,” says Muic, he likes the name Herb, Mr. Jinkins first name is Howard, its close enough.  Two joggers pass around them, “I am thinking of retiring from this biz,” he says to Howard’s body, A mosquito lands on Howard’s nose, waits a second, and then takes off again.  “It’s too fuicking stressful, gonna give me a heart attack, but the pay, you can't beat the pay.”  This is a gold recipe mission, top pay, 500k, pay on delivery.
As he talks he switches on his cell phone signal jammer, blocking all calls in his vicinity and now a little deeper down the trail and in a more isolated spot, he starts walking faster, pushing Mr. Jinkins at a ramming speed.
At the cliff edge he removes the cooler he planted in the bushes earlier there, withdrawing the autopsy equipment, he looks at Mr. Jinkins, studying him.  He is a handsome man, in his own right.  Muic removes the goggles from Mr. Jonkins head and he feels he is sharing a rather personal moment with him as Muic, studies, measure twice cut once, then carves into Mr. Jinkins’ face making deep cuts and using the tongs and a kind of sharp edged scooper, he pulls Mr. Jinkins eyeballs out of his skull with some resistance and yanking them out with his optic nerves whole, places them in a mason jar he puts in his cooler.
Now Mr. Jinkins looks on vainly and eyelessly, in horror, two bloody holes burn into Muic’s soul, staring at something Muic can feel but not see, like he sees something horrible, or rather, something so beautiful the price is his sight.  Muic is pushing for beauty in his daily encounters.  True, he has just murdered someone, however, random acts of kindness and senseless acts of love are always still top goal.  He thinks how can I help somebody today?   He is used to this kind of stress, and is breathing quickly through his nose in high anxiety, he needs to ride it out.  Just get rid of the body now.  Hard to find beauty in faceless cogs that make up the mother machinery of everyday impersonal life; it is a god sent miracle if someone actually stops to smell a flower before rushing to work to spend their day in a small cubical typing away at a machine that owns their soul, the same old ball and chain, song and dance.
Muic pushes Mr. Jinkins down the path, and launches him off the cliff where, airborne and sailing through the air, Mr. Jinkins’ butt and body leave the chair, Mr. Jinkins flies, soaring, and then dramatically, tumbling, he falls.  Mr. Jinkins falls out the wheelchair, falls, leaping out, headfirst, diving free as a fish into the churning sea and plummets silently into the deep tidal surge lost in the crashing waters of the Atlantic Ocean below.  Muic is not exactly sad to see him go and for just a sec, a stab in his gut, he feels a small pang of jealousy.   “Be free Mr. Jinkins,” he says as a kind of prayer at this, his grave site.  
Eyes are not necessarily needed to live, Mr. Jinkins did not have to die for Muic to remove his eyeballs, but he is rather glad he did not have to operate on a live patient.  He could not have done that to a living person, he thinks.  Mr. Jinkins’ eyes happened to be a match for a very rich clientele.  Muic belongs to the Involuntary Organ Donor Guild, or the IODG, where any body part can be bought, removed and delivered, for the right price.  Some of the cheaper recipes, the orange and purple ones, can be farmed from local morgues, no need for live subjects for donors, but Muic needs money, in a bad way.  He opts for the gold recipes which require some more risk but pay so well.  Not everybody wants to part with their organs or body parts, sometimes they have to be coerced, and not everybody is a killer, small puddles of innocence lost.  He remembers his first experience with death and love, when his Uncle one eyed Jack told him the burger he was eating was Milly his favorite dog, there is always a price and always someone somewhere willing to pay.
Muic is into solutions.  He doesn't waste time with arguing about morals, he has seen whole villages raped and plundered and crucified and burnt.  Life holds a special value when one really knows how fragile it is, but the body is amazing and can survive and endure some insane situations.    
On the drive home Muic replays the last days events, he goes over all his alibis, goes over the details, being completely Obsessive Compulsive Disorder about it, and also extremely paranoid.  He runs over every encounter he made with Mr. Jinkins.  He was a rather high public profile and would be missed in about an hour.
Muic lights a cigarette and takes a deep drag, sinking back into the comfort of his car and the numbing relief of a mission success.  He takes another deep drag, feeling like he is in the protected bowels of his car’s back support seats and the music playing, a Cure tune, and the AC blowing on his face as he rolls the window half way down and hangs his smoke out just driving.  He sips a Diet Coke plastic bottle to quench his want of liquid refreshment, he feels like celebrating later and agrees with himself to call up the cocaine Kingpin and buy a case of beer after he makes the delivery.  He is cruising right at top speed and does not notice the police lights until they are right on top of him.
For a tight second he thinks of trying to lose the tail, SHIT, he thinks FUCK, instantly he knows it’s over.  It’s all over.  Then logic prevails, what could they have on him?  What evidence?  So they search the car, the only thing possibly linking him are Mr. Jinkins eyes, which are staring at him from across the passenger seat in the cooler.  Muic only has a brief moment to do this, quickly, without thinking he immediately pulls over, grasps the cooler, rips it open, seizes the jar and gulps the eyeballs down his throat washing them down with his Diet Coke.  Almost, almost  tasteless, but Mr. Jinkins eyes taste a little like black licorice swedish fish and pistachio ice cream, really not too bad.  He could take a liking to them, best to not to get hooked on them, they are rather costly. 
The body is amazing and can live through hell.   It is also made of meat and can be eaten, but people don’t usually like to think about that.  He has time to pop a breath mint in and wipe his mouth off of eye gell on a Taco Bell napkin sitting on his dash.
The officer does not waste a lot of time approaching him, and his pistol is still holstered as he walks the short ways, closing the gap between them.  Muic can almost hear the cell block doors crashing closed again behind him.
“Sir, don’t be alarmed, just stopping people on this road, you’re headed to a forest fire on the other side of the crest.  Road is closed, we are turning people away, take route 13 and detour on Independence next exit.” 
Muic blinks a few times, “Yes sir, thank you for the heads up.”
“My pleasure, keep the speed a little lower, next time I might be under my quotia.”  And the young officer flashes a smile, and gives a half hearted salute with two fingers before turning to go.  
“Roger, that.” says Muic with a matching wave.  I am a cannibal now.  He wants to yell but instead slowly pulls away and lights another smoke. 

CHAPTER 2

Muic sits in his car watching the lonely dregs of society slowly stream staggering through the doors of the Morgue, his favorite bar and also the secret office HQ of the IODG, the Involuntary Organ Donor’s Guild.  He is thinking of what to say about scrubbing the mission.
He wasted valuable parts for an after lunch snack and the clientele will be displeased.   Plus Muic has a terrible belly ache.
Everything is done through a computer, no face to face encounters, ever.  He gets out shuffling through the painted black doors and enters the Morgue bar and grill.  He orders his favorite drink, a Dead Penguin, and stuffs a few coins down the jukebox slot.  He loves this jukebox.  He picks an oldy but goody Queens of the Stone Age song and goes out around back into the small huddle of offices, small rooms for rent, making it to the IODG he slides his card down the slot and the door pops open.  
Inside is quaint, a computer harddrive runs, fan motor humming, attached to a large window size monitor occupying the far wall.  A small fridge sits beneath the desk with a green glow lamp shining in the corner.  Sparse. Comfy.  Quaint.  Minimalistic.
He types in his code name “Blue” and password, yesterday’s headline for the New York Times.
“Do you have the ingredients for the stew?”
“No, they were lost enroute.  Need to find another potato.”
“Very, very sorry to hear that.  The cook will be very displeased.  It took a lot of prep work to find the right ingredients.  You owe us one now.  Your records so far unblemished, but everyone can have one bad day, we are giving you another chance.  A gold recipe.  You will acquire the ingredients for free to make up for your failure.”
“Gold recipe?”
“We have just the right one for you.  You will need to care for Rhonda Summers, this one is for the heart.  Sending photos and necessary information.  You know what to do.  You have three days.”
“Fuck.”
“Dont fuck it up.”
Muic leaves the office and pauses by the doorway to listen to the local band play cover songs of Bob Marley.  He sips his drink when his phone rings.  He looks at it, then looks at it again.  It is his father.  HIs father who died three months ago.  His father’s cell phone, he answers it “Hello?” he only hears dead silence.  His father’s cell phone Muic had placed in his coffin three months ago when they buried his father.  Just in case.  Just in case.  Just in case.

CHAPTER 3

Muic sits in his car in front of Saturn’s Subs, he is absently doing his favorite pastime, he is people watching.  A certain amount of paranoia goes into the coincidences that confront and coincide with the people who may just be passing him by, but in moments where he is on the very tip of the titanic and looking down, or in this case, looking out into a wasteland of sub joints, all fighting for clientele to transport them up ten blocks to the high end sandwich shop utopian empire, things seem preordained like fate is a hungry dog begging for a bone, for a reward.  Muic is in a downward spiral,  he can use some help.
He sees a woman wearing the colors of Saturn’s Subs mascot; a purple alien with red pants and a blue jogging shirt, only her purple is a skin tight jogging spandex one piece suit.  She has a blue afghan and red skirt on.
“Now,” thinks Muic, “You are going into Saturn’s Subs.  You have to.  You look just like their mascot alien.  You must go in it.  It is your destiny.”  He waits on baited breath to see if she turns into the store’s open front door.  She pauses by the wide shutters looking in the window, searching for a cure to some foreign disease, then uninterested, continues walking.
Muic breathes out a sigh of disappointment, angry at life a little more.  He gets out of his car and walks to the front door of Saturn’s Subs, just as the woman suddenly stops and walks back, behind him.  She squeezes into the little alcove doorway effectively blocking off any retreat and he is kind of pushed forward through the doors next to the alien mascot.
She rushes the counter and says as a way of excusing herself, “I’m feeding more than one you know, I got one in the oven.  It’s not easy, it’s hard having labor.”
“What?  What are you... suggesting?  Do you want a sub or a job?” asks the sandwich maker.
“A job?  Like a blowjob?  Are you trying to get my sexy pregnant lips around your pork pole?  You perverted piggy!” says the alien mascot chick.
“What?  What?  No, I was just seei…” the sandwich maker is at a turning point.
“What you think I can’t make you fill that mayonnaise bottle up to the brim?” the alien presses then goes in for the kill.   “If I make you feel real good, so good, like the next 12 inch sub is free...?”
“Lady I am just here because they pay me to... make… sandwiches,” but the sandwich maker’s voice lacks conviction, and he talks slower and with a flat voice like he’s been run through, he looks on at the deli meats in intimidation as if he sees himself as what's being offered for sale and his manhood is in question.
“Sounds to me,” says the older gentleman sitting down leafing through the paper, “Like she’s got you between a rock and a.. Ah hah … hard place.”
The woman giggles at the old man’s attempted joke.
Muic walks down the restaurant red carpet aisle for people to wait in line, he passes that by and heads to the soda machine, grabbing a cup and getting a drink, before he paid for it, but he’s not planning on stiffing the poor guy, that is a job it seems for the alien mascot chick.
She looks at Muic as if to see who’s flag he is flying, before pretending to ignore him with a cat tail smile and a cheetah grin, like she ate the whole submarine full of sailors, she prowls further and circles the sub maker’s pilgrim lemonade stand wagon.  “Now let me decide who I want to eat, got a second?”
“What do you want sir?” asks the youngblood addressing Muic.  His voice cracks on sir.  
Muic hears a voice calling out from the vinaigrette bottle, “I want you to make me one with everything.” it yells in the voice of a Zen Buddah Monk.
“What did you say?” he asks in its direction.
“What would you like to…”
“It’s a freaking conspiracy!” says the clear transparent plastic wrap box at the end of the vegetable spread.
“Muic more is at stake here then the steak of your heart.”  cries the salt shaker.
“Your unborn baby!   His soul is on the menu!  What you order is what you get!” mimics the souls in the sweet ice tea canister.
“What?”
“It’s the ingredients for your submarine sandwich, choose wisely,” the toaster breaks it down,   “Your wife will become pregnant from the blueprint of your sub’s DNA that is burnt into your semen.  Your babe will be a smorgasbord, physical characteristics, his personality, his life, his soul, all rides on this.  It is all depending on how you order your sub.  Now it’s your turn,  This guy doesn't even know your name but he will deliver you your baby.  Check out the sign behind you and for God’s sake choose wisely!”
Muic looks, “We deliver for less!” reads the sign.
“Yes?  Your sub?”
“Yes,” he can not run from this warning, he hits the ground hard running, he suddenly just wants to be with his wife, Jane.  He starts to think about her.  “Yeeeesssssssssss,” says a voice from the avocado container, “Yeeeeessssssss feed me your precious love.”
“I want….”  And he pauses, the sub guy is hanging on his words, while also holding a headset up to his ears, “I want….”
“Yeah?”
“One sub, make it an Italian, meatball, Philly Cheese steak sub with sweet peppers, lots of lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, cucumbers, and parmesan cheese.”
The sandwich guy looks at him blankly.
“I don't think..”
“Just Do it.   I will pay.”
“Ok, ok, a three in one sub?  Ok hold it, Ok.”
The woman’s face looks a little pale and suddenly blushes up in rosy cheeks, “I like your taste.” She says, “I think I would want to eat one just like you.”
Muic makes an appraisal,  her for rent already furnished one room vacancy, is for sale and he says a prayer of thanks for his wife, grabbing some potato chips from the rack.
“All that and a bag of chips!” says his baby Mr. Jinkins.
What?  No!  I will not give birth to Mr. Jinkins, my DNA has nothing to do with him, please God, Please dont let Mr. Jinkins be born again as my son.
“Well Muic,” says the clock, “You know we all have our time,”
“Yes,” says the Ketchup dispenser, “Some are late and need to Ketchup.”
“Am I going crazy?” he asks in the general direction of the chip rack.
“I am.  I had a service dog, Cloey, took her everywhere.  Great source of comfort and stability.” says the man reading the newspaper with an old wrinkled smile.  “Yep, Cloey.  Now I just talk to the hedges in my garden.  They don’t poop.  I can’t bend over to pick up the poop you know.  I’m an old fart.”
“I had a dog.” says Muic.  “He saved me.”  The blue paw print tattoo on his neck burns.
“What like Jesus?” asks the woman, now wide eyes all glittery, and voice of compassion gilded, like honey is pouring out of her mouth, tilting over onto the rolls, she looks like she is walking up the mountain to hear a far away sermon.  “Are you saved?”
“Sometimes I could shoot everyone right in the head, just blow their head off, the satisfaction would be all mine, so satisfying.” says the old fart.  “You don't condemn you don’t convert you lead by example, you had a dog, that's good.  Good start.  Now get another one and treat him good, like he is your own flesh and blood, your own masterpiece of salvation.” 
“TImes up,” says the clock, “Shoot him, the old man,  In the head.  Don’t leave a loose end.  He will unravel all of your plans.  Just like that rolly polly Mr. Jinkins.”
“Don’t be so fast to judge, Mr. Jinkins had a good life.  A life you ended short.  Don’t you think you should shoulder some of the responsibility for his soul?”
“What?   No!  A life insurance salesman?”
“If you love your son, will it really matter what his profession is?”
“Do you know what it’s like being a Father?”
“Muic, you’re in a real pickle jar now!  Dont go bananas on us!  There is a way out!”
“We do what mankind has always done when surrounded with dilemma, we consume!  Everything.  Have a problem?  Eat it all up and shit it out!”
“Maybe if you make peace with Mr. Jinkins soul you can have some sort of closure over his untimely death.  Maybe he will see it from your side, you did eat his eyes, how better then to taste his vision of life.”
Muic pays for the sub a little shakily, as if afraid of the real cost.  The price he must pay.  He looks at the scrambled egg bin as he turns to go, a little apprehensive, as if in regret, should he?  Eggs, the birth of all life, a seed, to grow.  What’s a life without a vehicle for conception.  Maybe he will get some eggs for his wife, she does enjoy conceiving so much.
The shadows outside gather about him.  One of us is going to lose.  Says the baker’s dirty dozen.  The shadows all dance.  Who will it be?  The pressure is on him to make a move.  To wait for a reaction is to react too late.  He needs some friction.  He has too many addictions.  Addictions of the body are gravity for the soul.  They weigh him down and keep him from flying off.  He lights a smoke and puts that thought on the back burner for later.  One day he won’t be able to smoke his way out of this hell.
A soul for a soul.  Muic did feel a twang of regret over Mr. Jinkins death.  If told be true, the man was good.   And Muic shot a hole in his heart and then ate his eyes.  That is wrong, and he knew it, but he was caught, “Between a rock and a .. a hah ha hard place,” the old man’s words haunt him on the drive home with his sub buckled in the back seat, safely, cushioned, protected. The submarine sandwich that would seep into his semen and become part of his baby’s founding DNA foundation.
Muic sits beneath the canopy of trees on top of his hill over the lake and watches in wait for the sun to break its first glowing rays free from the dark space and rise again above the bay and line of trees and balconies leading away past the horizon for rich home owners to squander views of the sunrise on the beach.
He is prepared for his moment of Zen.  This is why I struggle, this is why everything in life suffers.  So I can experience this moment.   Now wash me away from my body into another realm.  I don’t want to be here anymore.  It is funny the moment when he wants to leave is the happiest he has ever been here, but the struggle to stay here keeps him primed and sharp and fulfilling and happy in his life’s purpose.
His friends are clawing at him, for a drink, for a smoke, for a line of coke, they keep him grounded and wanting.  He sits here doing nothing.   He takes a long breath to inhale the morning sun.  
“Whats the mater Unic, no banana in your pudding?”
“You having a bad day?  Want to rap about it?”
“Want to announce your discomfort and unpleasure to the world through the internet?”
“Want to tell someone you love them before you kill them?”
“I do love,” he thinks.
“You're a tumor spreading disease, love is your cancer you ate the heart out of.”
“I do love,” he thinks again, and as if on cue, he hears the sliding glass door open.  He picks up a scent of honeysuckle and rose lips, and twirling a leaf around, it is golden orange and red and yellow and on fire at the base like a heat vision photo of a man working, in deep exertion.  His wife, Jane, wearing a thin see through nightgown walks to him carrying two mugs of coffee.  She shuts the door behind her and smiling, hands him a mug. 
“Zombies rule the night, but need shelter from the coming of day.”  He says to her with a smile.  Grateful.  He takes the mug of coffee and feels the most complete he has ever been.  It is brewed by his wife, damn good.  He eagerly takes a chug and savors the blend.  “Right on time.” 
“I’m going to the Salt Mine today, to do some meditation and yoga.  You drop me off.   I’ll catch a ride back from Sammy.”
“Yes mame, and I need to wet a few palms and get an invitation, an invite to the Longmeadows Asylum’s Big Halloween Bash.  It’s the perfect time to unearth my pops from the grave.”
“It really is…  it will be so.. Spooky, and on Halloween, oh honey, I’m excited for you.  Its going to be freaky.”
“Yeah, it will be a real scream.”

CHAPTER 4

The underbelly of the worm, the cool crispness of a savage wind blowing from across the spans of time and space forever unobstructed, the wooden stairs gives creaks and grievances as he walks up the spiral staircase, occasionally passing a goddess nymph statuette posed and squirting water flowing out her vagina and lips.  The carpet is bright red, soaked in blood no doubt, and on the platform by the door is a plate with after dinner mints organized like a checker board with chocolate and caramel laces over its surface.
Classy, thinks Muic on his way to see a man who Muic knew mostly from third party encounters, besides the lion incident, he is hoping is all forgotten about.  The man went by the name Ghetto the Gray.
Ghetto the Gray has his fingers and ears in a main course selection of different pies and knew how to jive and skirt and how to fly a kite, and if anyone can he is the man Muic needs to secure an invitation to the Longmeadows Asylum’s Big Halloween Costume Party Bash from.
The Swollen Smote of Paradise is a high class joint for people of questionable faith in gluttony and sin.  It thrives in disgust of overabundance, and makes good with truckloads of diverse and exoitic edibles.  As Muic makes his way through the throng of people gathered around the table of special lamb, he spears through the crowded pews of whale meat, and finds Ghetto the Gray in a large tub full of melted chocolate floating on his stomach along with three other women.
Ghetto the Gray is throwing large chocolate dipped donuts across the room trying to get them to land on the other nude women’s worn strap on dildos that they slowly and erotically dance in front of him.
“Being rich as fuck you run out of chalenges,” announces Ghetto the Gray as way of introduction, “You need to constantly try new and exotic activities.  You need to stay hungry for it.  You definitely need to have a sense of humor about you, cause something very funny is going on around here,” he says the last bit in part whisper part song like he is singing but loud enough to reach Muic’s ears.   He spots Muic sitting politely to the side, shrugs his shoulders, and motions him to approach.
“You the vet, I know you, you the vet who got my lions taken back to Africa, before we could have some fun with them.  Whole fucking herd.   Cost a hell of a lot to get them back.  What you doing here?  Want to save Moby Dick over there or serve him rare? You tree hugging hippy,” and he barks in a smile. 
“No, I have a favor to ask, no animal biz this time.”
“A favor?  Better have a better foot in the door then that, what this look like, the General Hospital Soap Dish?”
Whatever he means by that, Muic does not try to figure out, “I got something you may want,” says Muic.
“What do you want and what do you have?”
“I need an invite to the Longmeadows Asylum’s Big Halloween Costume Party Bash, and I have, and he smiles, “I heard through the vine one of your first mentors, a hard ass dentist, Nicknamed Gold molar but also known as Dr. Bertz?”
“Oh that stinker, he’s dead.  But yes,  I worked for him early on in some strip joints, gave me a few reminders of what it means of innocence lost,” he runs his hands over some vicious scars on his face, “We didnt see eye to eye all the time.  I ate his bizes up though, hah!  He took a dive.”
“I have 10 pounds of his ribs, all legal, all legit, for you to do anything you want with them.”
“His ribs?  What you mean he cooked them or something?”
“No, I mean, when he died the organ donor association was given his body, and sold me part of him, his ribs.  I thought you might want to do something with them, what that is I do not know, but its all legal, if you were to get out some BBQ sauce or something, no one would question your intentions.”
“You want me to go cannibal?  Hah ha!  The good Dr. Gold Molar,  know how many bad songs I had to hear from his winey whiskey jukebox stands?  no matter!  I will eat him with some special stew sauce, I shall garlish his meat and relish his baked body, ha ha ha hah!   It’s a deal my friend!  And I ain’t lion!” 
   
CHAPTER 5

“Why are you dressed in that ridiculous clown outfit?”
“I want to make people laugh.”
“Why did you paint such a big frown?  You would think you should have a smile.”
“It’s the only expression I know, besides I’m digging my pops up, nothing funny about that.  It’s a touch morbid and very sad.”
“Then why are you wearing a clown outfit?”
“It’s at the asylum’s halloween party.  It’s the only time I can safely sneak into their graveyard, my pops final resting place.”
“Do I look alright?”
“I guess, you are more sad than funny if that's what you're going for, you got my symphony vote.”
Muic pulls in at exactly 8 pm.  The start of the party.
“And who are you?  Bo Bo the clown?”
“I am Dr. Striknine, the psychologist from Riverdale Mental Academy, a long time fighter for Mental Health Rights and an advocate for those that cannot think for themselves.  My hospital in Lisbon has the claim to fame of being the first to effectively utilize the lobotomy.  Say what you will, it is very interesting.  The lobotomy remedy.  Not recommended for any anxiety, but say what you will, it is very interesting, the brain halves, what happens when severed.  Interesting, No?”
“Invitation Dr. Strikenine?  I don’t see you on the guest list, I do hope you have one, I’d hate to turn away such a  sad looking clown from this circus.”
“But of course, it came in the mail just last week, such short notice, but I thought I would see how you head shrinkers do it here in Longmeadows, I can give you some pointers on how to successfully remove a live brain, intact, without disturbing the lobes and of course we can practice our lobotomy skills after a few apple bobbing cauldrons are accomplished, hey doc?  I’m of course just kidding, just a - clowning - hah! Around!”
“I’d love to discuss the backbone of our industry with you, why don't you sit next to me and my gorgeous wife at the main table, we could use a little… clowning around.  If you get my drift.”
“I got your leg, love to talk the birds and bees of mental ailments, old war stories, and some brain-tastic turkey talk about those depressed and severely ill psychopathic patients of mine.  I have so many, I have to constantly reinvent the wheel, the mouse wheel in their heads, I don't know how many I’ve had to shock with ECT treatments to get them to forget why they wanted my help in the first place, it’s nothing but shocking - ah ha ha - and if we can just get them to wash their hands, which reminds me good doctor, I have to make a run for the john myself, been doubling down on the fine mineral water you have stocked on the entry table,  I tell you, with enough of that juice in me I can turn wine into pee.  It’s rather urgent I use the lavatory.”
“Ah, yes.”
Outside in the cold thunder and rain, Muic grips the handle of his shovel tightly as he walks out past the manicured bushes into the less tended graveyard.  There are only unmarked stones here, the graves unmarked, patients identity kept disclosed, confidential, every paper with their name on it shredded, and kept under lock and key, but Muic has been here before and has a map of where his father's tomb lies.  He walks through the organized grave site, his father was buried near the outer left edge, near the forest line of trees and new additions to the graveyard.  He walks the grounds in a circle.  He looks at his crude map and counts over the blank tomb markers.  This must be it.  He plants the shovel in the soft ground.  Almost visualizing a soul screaming out of the soil.  The shouts from the party are getting louder, soon the guests will be out romping the grounds and his window of opportunity will fastly diminish.
The tree line that used to be near it has since been bulldozed, that is what threw him off.  He begins to dig in the rain.
THUNK CLUNK CLUNK THUNK CLUNK CLUNK
“Halloween night, in the graveyard, digging up my pops, This is a little creepy,” he is thinking, almost expecting to hear moans and see zombie hands spring up out of the mud free from the grave.  Worms squirm in the dirt, clogs of mud and soil soon surround his little hole of salvation that swallowed his father nearly two months ago.  The den around him, full of lions, the dead seem to gather on his shoulder and plead with him of sins cast and not fully paid for.  The dead gather and cheer him on, on what is his fathers victory march, a coming home, a closure of sorts for Muic, who barely can remember what his father was like before they got their meat hooks into him.  His father died long before they placed him in this rotting box.  Muic continues to dig, and as he gets lower and lower, he feels a weight being lifted, as if he is freeing a giant shark from a fisherman’s net.  Each cut, each shovel, it gets a little easier, the freeing feeling of coming to peace with his father’s incarceration and commitment to this asylum when Muic was a child.  Although he visited him on weekends, his father, something happened to him that changed him forever, something in him died, and he was never the same again.  It could have been the drugs, but Muic, who dabbled in some of his fathers old stash, knew the drugs were just a symptom of some inner turmoil going on deeper, a dream chaser, something hit his father hard and broke him, shattered his mind and heart.
The smell gets him before he strikes wood.  Muic doesn’t know if he has the stomach for this, but, as he unearths his fathers grave, he feels a bit like an archeologist explorer, and the excitement of getting an answer to an impossible question is overpowering.  
BAM BAM THUNK
He, in a hole now that is over his head, kneels down and traces his fingers over the rotten wood, of the cheap pine coffin.  He smoothes out the edges, feeling for a handhold, not finding one he slams the shovel into the lid, and creates a hole to grasp as the stench of death shoots out and causes him to gag.  His face already buried in a rag around his mouth and nose, he kneels down and feels close to vomiting.  Not to be detoured, he says a prayer, and yanks up pulling on the wooden lid, it breaks in half and in the light of his lantern, Muic sees inside the coffin.  He gazes inside.
Inside the coffin is a deteriorating skeleton, dressed in pajamas, but as Muic pulls more and more of the lid off, prying it up, the skeleton, his father, is missing his head.  Someone has removed his fathers head.  Muic lets out a grieving moan.  It takes him a few moments to recover.  He reaches down in it and searches in the mold and rotting wood, his hands find a small shiny circular smooth metal and grasp it in delight, what he thought long lost he now has again.  His pocket watch he had placed in the coffin along with his fathers cell phone, which, is right where he left it.  He thinks about it and takes his phone out and dials his fathers number.  The line is dead.  The phone looks unused.  He is almost grateful.  His father, besides being dead, could not have called him as he is missing a head, but still someone called him, the same person who must have stolen his fathers head.  It doesn't make sense.  But that is the answer.  

CHAPTER 6

She, soft thin pink sheets, the color of an pig’s underbelly, lay there spread out in front of him on top the victorian style bed as he moves closer.
“Can you sense it?” he can’t help but think, “Your impending death, your departure from your shell?”
Her hair, jet black, a feathery raven of curls with talons drove in, half braided conceal a side of her lilly face, eyes gently closed with only a single scowl of a wrinkle on her forehead as if in deep contemplation over the state of the nation.  As he, hovering over the bareness of her feet, well manicured, tiny, rose colored nail polish on her toenails, elegant, her feet look light and cute budding small dwarfish toes.  She, a temple of the gods, her body a sacred sacrament to befoil or disturb or awaken, he will immortalize her in her sleep, she will never age again.  She will die by his hand.  He will remove her stirrups and set this colt free.
He studies her face for another moment, she has a slight snore in her breathing, each breath taking her closer to her last.  So innocent, he thinks.  “You will not know hunger, you will not know suffering, you will be admitted into the gates of salvation, a precious morsel to enter the heavenly mouth of the maker to be savored and consumed, to rest in the final belly of the universe, the kingdom above, and become one with God, to return home.
He withdraws his knife from its hold in his sleeve, positioning his weight on his back foot while kneeling over and with a quick strong jab of his knife, an extension of his hand, into the delicate back of her neck, he thrusts in hard, fast, quick, sharp, stabbing the whole blade, thrusting it hard into her, into the back of her neck.  He pushes with all of his force and is rewarded with little resistance and a popping, while simultaneously covering her mouth with his leather gloved hand, the last thing she will ever smell.  Blood comes pouring out as he thrusts the dagger in further, quick and smoothly, her body convulses for a second, eyes fluttering in shock briefly stare up at him, she never makes a sound.  Her body sinks back and relaxes.  The pool of bright red blood is gathering between the pillows as with the glow of the full moon shining in through the bay windows, he feverishly sets to make fast work.
Quickly now he removes his autopsy instruments and sets a small camp on her chest, did she just grunt and stir for a second?  No, he is so anxious, so stressed out, he is hallucinating.  In a few easy cuts he peels the flesh of her chest away, a few more and he has her heart in his hands, with plenty of arteries and the border room around the heart to give the saw and bone doc plenty of background to play with.
Taking her heart, drenched in sticky blood, in his hands he places it delicately in the bottom half of his cooler and puts the ice and the hotdogs with gatorade on top.  Her body looks more deflated without the battery pack inside.   
The end scene, closing act, he withdraws another of his favorite devices, an vintage Ghost Busters knock off The Ghost Bandits tv lamp, with very bad wiring, faulty fusing, they are known as fire hazards and were discontinued ages ago.  He sabotaged this one himself.  He plugs it in.  Sparks immediately fly as he lights the curtains on fire in front of him near a beautiful desert cactus.   It is against the grain to kill the cactus, he wants to save it, but that would be risky.  The curtains WHOOSH and sparkle and delight, so beautiful to stare out at the courtyard below, framed in a fire fastly growing.  He goes out the window he came in, and fades into the night's eternal grave.
In the streetlights shining down on him from above, casting judgement as well as light, he carries his burden, not at all lightly. Briskly walking past the apartments laundry facility and mailbox depot, the moon is silhouetted by a ring of stars, the crickets pause in their celebration of abundant life, and he is suddenly aware of his shadow, it is so huge stretching out from his hunched over body, flying out, lunging in front of him.   The old locks and chains on the monster below rattling as it digs in the walls of his spine deeper climbing out its dungeon.  The monster rages in its search for his black as night heart to consume, to engulf, to devour, it digging in him, is almost ready to come out.  His shadow, he suddenly thinks of Peter Pan, is getting ahead of himself, it is his alter ego, a shade of his true form but only the parts the light cannot find.  His dark knight.  He is so aware of his shadow, never quite realizing how unaware of it he ever was, as he moves his head he is also aware of a creature of dark on his back, the knight, driving him, thick in shades of caked on blood and filth, escape lifeforce diminishes.  He steps on a small beetle for the hell of it as he continues to walk, faster now, his shadow is separating into its own entity, suddenly it convulses in spasms, or is it the street lights flickering, a new voice comes out of the dark, loud, cold, heartless, “Killer.” it says, addressing him.  “Slayer of innocence, your not done.”
“The quota must be met you see, the suffering must continue, the death toll is a heavy burden but you shoulder it well, you got it down by now, huh, the dance we do.  Now I am your partner forever,” says the dead girl, laughing, “You can’t get rid of me, you cant even find me, you can not see me, but I will dodge your meaty eyes, and I will roast your charcoal gravestone until you burn so bright you make day come out and hide.”  
“Now more in our immediate vicinity must die, the fires of hell are lit and calling, hungry for tinder of souls to torture, their screams will never leave your ear, remember, remember the orphanage, remember, the dead bodies of the children, scattered like someone threw them carelessly off the rooftops, all over the playground they had found safe, no, pile the bodies on the bonfire, burn the planet, hell is calling, kill them all.”
He feels the coldness of the demon's roots digging into his soul, it carries some weight, he thinks its proposal over and discards it.  Not tonight.  The demon will have to eat on its own tongue, he is done tonight.  Suddenly he hears a knock on solid wood.  It is followed by another and another.  A thumping sound.  Thump.  Thump.  Thump.  It is.. It is..  Coming from inside his cooler gaining in volume.  A loud knocking, a beating of the severed heart.  Like the caw caw of a raven, it is singing.  It beats, the heart pumping, air, it is getting louder than his car horn, like a distant siren.  The heart alarm.  He winces with each beating thump, deafening his tranquility like a grenade erupting a toilet, he begins to lightly run, clenching the cooler in both hands.  Suddenly the beating stops.
So sudden he is released and almost mentaly trips on a new frail innocent voice.  “Muic you killed me.  I have one favor to ask...  Save my dog Shebra.  She does not have to die.  Save my dog Muic.  Save my dog.  She is so beautiful.   My child… savve my child Muic, please!”
Thinking about it, he did notice two dog bowls on the bedroom floor near the closet door.  He didn't think much about it at the time, but if he leaves now that dog will surely die.
Dogs are the unspoken angels of his God, unconditional love.  They carry the merit of respect.  He feels a sharp pain in his neck, the blue dog print tattoo there burns fiercely, like a bridge over brimstone and lava, the pain a reminder for the animal pact he made so long ago.  He must go back.  He must save the dog Shebra.  
With a fatigued sigh, he places the cooler in a nice shrubbery and turns around.

CHAPTER 7

The bedroom window, an inferno of fire, impassable, Muic goes around back, and breaking rule #3, no doors, smashes the back patio door window pane, and searching unlocks it from the inside, barging in the smoke filled living room.  Smoke billowing out of every pore of the house, he low, begins crawling through the hall, the image of Dante's inferno, hell fire, awakening in his mind.
He can almost hear the souls of penance burning and calling for him, howling in the splinters and creaks as the crackle of fire burning he watches a bamboo umbrella stand near him take the form of a small sparking volcano.  The umbrella handles melt into alien creatures with bubbly heads.
This hall will soon be engulfed in flame.  He feels the burden of the house releasing around him, flash of burning heat, flares, like a shield of fire around his face.  He needs something.  He needs a beer.  He crawls to the kitchen.  The fridge door is close, he opens it praying silently and.. Yes. Thank you God, he spots top shelf, a six pack of Mickey’s Big Mouth beer, he grabs them, pops the top of one and chugs it.  Sitting on the floor, he watches the oriental rug the dining room set is on is now ablaze like a grape in the sun, its edges are wilting up, hundreds of threads like the fuses to sticks of dynamite are all lit and burning.  A bookcase ignites on fie, books, seem to explode in flames, Harry Potter, The Dark Tower Series by Stephen King, the fire consumes licking each page.  He pauses watching the destruction of the books, they fall, into embers crumbling into ash.  It is beautiful.  He reaches in his top pocket and pulls out a cigarette, laying with his back on the teal colored linoleum tiled kitchen floor he lights it and pours the beer over his head.  So easy.  It will be,  The end.  He wonders.  What?  Who will he see?  Where?  But it will be the end, maybe a beginning, but definitely an end.  He can accept this.  A layer of smoke is now billowing two feet above the floor.  He coughs up a mass of mucous.  He knows where his life is heading.  No detours on this trip.  If anything he is traveling faster to impending damnation and eternal suffering.  He has a sickness.  It is a soul sickness.  Some parasite attached to him long ago.  He drains and sucks out the life force of everything he touches.  He has to kill it.  He has to end it.  He is like a communal cigarette he forces everyone to take a drag from that will ultimately destroy them in a very painful and suffering death, bring them to their knees and grind them into their graves, but for the moment is still OK, but he can see the end coming up fast, he is cancer.  He makes a quick and final decision, he will not be leaving this apartment, this will be it, he thinks as the dog behind the pantry door yelps.  
What?
Then he remembers, Shebra!  The reason he came back here.  The dog.  He must rescue.
The kitchen pantry she converted into a dog pen, he opens the door and sees a tiny black and white puppy huddled in the corner.  He grabs the dog, grabs a beer, and as the fire closes in and becomes unbearable, jumps out the back door he smashed in.  A small crowd of concerned neighbors are yelling, he hears them in the front yard of the complex as he, wheezing, shuffles out the back. He heads for the tree line of the park, the dog yelps but not loud enough to be heard above the shouts and yelling and crackle of the apartment burning.  Sirens in the near distance.  He has almost compromised this mission for this dog.  In the company of the trees and shadows he decompresses.  He walks the ten city blocks to his car, and casually gets in a drives.
Fall leaves turning coats, soon to let go and fall, gathering in a collage of orange and brown and red and yellows on the ground.  The sun is creeping out of its hold, rising up from its roots to overthrow the night, Muic is still pumped with adrenaline and paranoia and coke and speed and he sips a Mickey's Big Mouth he got on the way home, a case, he bought a case.  She influenced me.  The dead girl’s taste wasn't in question, she was probably a nice girl.  She didn't have to die, but he knew if it wasn't him who killed her, it would have been someone else.  A gold recipe.  She had a gold heart, top pay, for the cream of the top, her heart was a match for some dying billionaire and its hard these days to get someone to willingly give up their heart.  She didnt have to die, she just happened to have her heart exam on file somewhere in the archives.  He loathed hospitals, doctors, all that.  He believed in medicine however.  He was a veterinarian who lost his license from prescribing narcotics to bogus names and getting busted for it, a suitcase full of wolf tranquilizers.  He waits.
He waits for the sun to rise above the lonely lake that is so near the bay.  It leads out to the ocean where life grew legs and crawled out of one day, just because life finds a way.   

CHAPTER 8

Muic sits on his patio camping chair and takes a deep drag from his smoke.  He stares out into the backyard lake at the bottom of the small crest hill his yard slopes down into the bulkhead of the bunker fortifications built with the pilings two feet above the lake surface.  He stares into an oasis of paradise.
A thought, irrational but persistent nags at him.  He has a deep need, a silent yet incredibly strong urge to jump into the lake.
And be free.
The surface looks so calm, but underneath, lies the kingdom of heaven, the entrance to the underworld, the truth, this life is a lie.  He can breathe the water,  He is a fish.  His thoughts are getting murky,  He is thirsty.  A beer sounds right.  Just one beer.  He reaches for his cooler, thinking of the heart he just removed.  Now this cooler is full of beer, cold, something about the ones who control the climate, comfort is everything.  Does it make a difference?  He looks out at the path of conchs and clam seashells leading down the hill and opening near the lake, Jane gathered those shells on their extensive island vacations.  Reminds him of a runway now.  Like he is supposed to charge down the hill and jump into the lake.  He feels vulnerable.  Very influenced by his environment and his thoughts.  He needs something.  His reality is beginning to crumble in on the edges, he is feeling edgy, he is on edge.  He is on the edge of falling over the crack.  He needs to do a few lines of coke.  Then he thinks, is that me thinking, or the fiend in me, I think I think I need some coke, but it is more obscure, the takeaway of this moment, it is more simpler too, as is everything that gets broken down into the foundation, it starts with one.  I need love, he thinks.  You pretty sure of that?  Asks the fig tree next to his house, barren of even a leaf.  “Yes, I am toxic.  Love me.”
Maybe it is up to him to make the first move.  He groans.  He hates it when his mind clicks over on these little speed bumps, he calls them, these ruts, where he thinks if I don't do this, something terrible will happen, wait, don't think about the terrible thing, you are meant for loving, you love everything, you are love incognito, you are a lover of life, now be of service to something, quick, don’t think about impending doom.  Before he can react, his dog barks out running past him.  He immediately tense, loosens up and smiles and relaxes, with a halo of goodness lowering over his head.  He will walk the dog.  
He stands up and turns to head back into the house, making a mental note, if I ever think I’m a fish again, I need to walk the dog.  That is the take away from this moment.  That is the answering thought to his questions he's pondered these last few hours.  Just jump ahead to the answer.  Dog walking.  After a few beers of questions, the dog walk will carry him over the edge to the finish line and he can move on to a whole new set of questions, whom he will answer.  As he goes in for Shebra’s leash, he turns back and stares at the lake with a sense of urged caged longing, ahhh how peaceful, he feels he is missing something, some factor in the equation he is completely unaware of.   Am I a fish?  Somewhere in that lake is a fish that is happy, happier than any other being.  Happier than all of bliss and joy a fish could be affronted.  I am going to catch that fish, he thinks, and when I do, I am going to eat it.  He is swimming with blinders on.  He heads in as the thought submerges and is immediately replaced with the urge to urinate on the fig tree, he turns to look at it, and stops dead in his tracks.  There, on one of the bare branches, or almost bare, is a, there grows a fig.  He could have sworn it was barren just a moment before.  How…  the fig looks ripe.  He snags it off the branch, and thinking of the lesson in its nourishment of love, its gift, its pulposus heart, takes a deep bite, taste buds rejoicing and recoiling in heavenly sensations. 

CHAPTER 9

Jane is naked and doing aerobics and yoga by the kitchen door.  She is sweaty and intensely focused on her breathing until she sees him.  She stops in mid pose.  “Hi!  I like this dog, where'd she come from?”
“Thats Shebra,  She is a gift.”
“Her collar says Daisy.”
“I’m taking Sherob with me today.  She is to be my emotional support animal,” he says.
His wife tilts her head, “Dont they need some special training for that?”
“No, just have to be a source of love and comfort and peace, and I think our dog fits the bill,” says Muic.
She nods over in the dogs direction where Sherob is licking her butt.  “Good luck with that.”

CHAPTER 10

He hears a train’s whistle go off in the distance, birds chirp nearby, life continues on its merry way trudging the trail of happy destiny.  He thinks of lost opportunity wishing desperately he had pulled over on the way over here and had a drink.  This head shrink means to put me in the rat maze, the funny farm, I need to pretend to be sane, but are the real sane people the normal?  Or are they the anti-norm, the anti-social delinquents, rebelling against any authority, the insane instigators, the majority?
“Now I’m going to show you a few ink blots, they are just abstract pictures, and you tell me what you think they resemble to you.”
The shrink holds up one that looks just like the demon’s face.  “A door knob,” says Muic.
The shrink holds up another one, it very closely resembles a nude woman, “A butterfly,” says Muic again.  He goes through the rest, “Mailbox”  “Tree”  “Lampshade”  “Cricket”.  The last one looks like a shark, he sucks in his breath in a distasteful reaction as if he had just bitten and eaten a surfer, as if he is the shark, The shrink notices and raises her eyebrows.   “Potato” says Muic.  The psychologist underlines the answer twice.
“I need to get away for a spell,” says Muic.
“You’re carrying quite a load aren't you, want to talk about it?”
He is silent, stares out the window into the distant, eyes attacking a duck, he feels he is one cracker away from quacking up.
“How about your military time, You saw some action huh?”
“It's written in your chart that you refused a direct order.  An admiral got attacked by a dog, and you received a court martial that resulted in a dishonorable discharge and some time,  That must sting, huh?”
It’s raining outside, Muic watches the water tear down the window sill.
“The insurgents attacked, bombs, they had trained dogs.  Attack dogs.  I was on watch.  I couldn't shoot the dogs, they mauled ten people..”
“Have a deep conviction over dogs?  Something happen?  Want to talk about it?”
“I dissected my first frog when I was 5, by the time I was 10 I was dissecting farm animals.  I’m a veterinarian.”
“But wasn't your license removed because, lets see,” she looks at his chart, “because you were caught prescribing some wolf codeine to fake names?”
Muic stares out the window at the rain.
“I’m going to walk you over to get an MRI of your brain, just to make sure everything is OK.  Ready?”
They walk through the shiny halls of the hospital, his footsteps echo on the glossy linoleum tiled floor.  Everything so clean.  He feels ever so dirty, a dark blood stain on a rose colored sheet.  

CHAPTER 11

Whispers in the wind on the edge of cohesion suddenly find mouths to speak inside the theater of his thoughts, Who dare disturb my slumber? They ask, Hey got that sweet stuff?  Hey, go hard or go home.
The brick pathway, once must have looked stately, now is overgrown with clumps of leaves and crabgrass on the gentle slope leading up to the manor house built on a hill.  The house looks like a skull sitting on a pile of bones, the trees they twist around the barnacled vines and masonry, the lit windows for eyes, like fires of hell, deeply burning souls, the door, a mouth hungry for admittance, holds a sign above its head which reads, “Oracle, Psychic, Fresh Fortunes.  Destiny Card and Palm Readings.  Power On Answers Await Inside.”
Nice.  He thinks.  He does not know where else to go, maybe the Oracle will know.  
Muic enters wiping his feet off on the star shaped mat in the door, there is a trail of muddy footprints leading off in all directions of the house, a small foyer hallway of three doors.  The middle door has just three eyes engraved on it, the middle eye shines bright like a diamond.
He knocks.
“Enter,” says a voice, younger, an air of mystique, intrigue.
Inside smells of incense, stale perfume, and burnt candle wax.  Dark with veils and beads over the windows and back, a circular table with a crystal ball sits to a side a larger table with large lion feet occupies the main territory.  There are numerous chairs each one entirely different some kingly, stately, some plain and cushiony, as if they each hold a different personality.  “Sit!” states a voice from beyond the veil.  He doesn't want to buck authority, not this early in the game, and goes for comfort, to sit he picks a cushiony mustard yellow wooden back chair near the door with his back to the wall, just as the oracle enters.
She looks ravenous, regal, beautiful, but that is not what shocks Muic to the bone.  She is the exact twin of the girl whos heart he just so recently cut out and held in his own hands, the girl he murdered and dehearted and butchered.  She can be her clone.  She looks exactly like her.  Her raven black hair falls on curls around her sweet face, pale blush, dark mascara, rosy cheeks, he tries to spy her toenails to see if they are the same little rose petals, but she is wearing boots.  She is sweet and angelic and a breath of freshness, she is wearing a mystic type robe with layers of necklaces on.  Ribbons and bells in her hair, rings up and down her fingers, she sits in a chair with a beautiful black rose engraved in it, on the table blood red rose lips pressed in buds of intricate kisses in a vase to her side, a ink well skull with a pen quill feather sits to the other.
She looks at him in his eye, it is not the first time he has met her, he feels, something close, personal, and immediately trembles.
“I know I will know why you are here exactly later, but for now clue me in.” she says, in a sweet melodic voice, “I sense a kindred spirit in you, but something terribly wrong, something… lost… trapped…  something damned from entering the ocean of salvation.   Pain… I sense such pain.”
He is suddenly feeling very fidgety, strange, disoriented, his mind is shouting out from all the distant corners that border in the continents of his thoughts, identities of laughing clowns, and brave injuns, of dogs, and bears, of hawks taking flight, and of fish, all swimming through him, he is suddenly overwhelmed, “Free me, LEt me out!” screams a voice not entirely his own.
“The price you  must pay is $100 for your first reading, prices fluctuate after that depending on the quality of your spirit.”
He slips out a hundred dollar bill and places it in her open palm, a little relieved no blood is involved.
“Now I am picking up a visual, it is small, round, shiny… it is something.. Personal.. It is a….  A….  a…. Pocket watch!  Tell me do you know anything about a special pocket watch?  Does that trigger any reaction in you?  Hold any significance?”
The watch, he forgot all about it.  It is sitting on his kitchen counter next to his toaster.
“Yes, I have a special pocket watch.” he says, he does not add that it is the one he just unearthed from his father’s grave.
“It was a gift I gave to my father and just recently got back.”
“There is more to this watch then you may think, it is as if it is drowning…  drowning in a suspended suffocating pain filled ocean of time.”
“Can you feel the presence of my father?  His spirit?”
“There is an awareness I have never felt in you, a bright beacon like a buoy at night warning of crashing shores and impending doom.  It is all I can do to sit here passiverly and not run out the door screaming to be honest,” and she gives a small curl of a smile, “but there is also a loveliness a beautiful horizon, just past the mountain ridge, a doorway to another plane, a higher plane, of spiritual equity.  The pocket watch is tied to you in ways I cannot describe, it is a compass to your soul, something ancient in you, an awareness, locked inside by the hands of time are bound.  You are a doorway to another world, I can see it through the eye of a dog, feel it like feathers on a bird, it is an acorn that fell from a tree and is taking root in the soil, it is a rock, smooth from a river, found and collected by a child and put in a place of honor for the respect and appreciation due it, the door is closed, just crack it open, it is a dream that is awake and has started a life of its own, I do not even know if you are now asleep in a dream world, or if you are real, but through that door you will find your answers.  Bring me the pocket watch, be here on next Friday, at 11 pm there is a full moon then, then we will hold a seance,  Then we will see.”
Muic is driving home when a call comes over the radio speaker his phone is attached to, “Hello Muic?”
“Yes,” he does not recognize the voice.
“This is Doctor Bright, from Longmeadows Asylum Mental Institute, I need to see you.  Right away.  I realize its close to 9 pm now, I’ve been trying to reach you all day.  Can you come in tomorrow morning?”
“Is everything ok?”
“It’s your brain, we found something.”

CHAPTER 12

Muic lays in bed, eyes alight memorizing the ceiling, the patterns in the cracking paint, the shadows cast from the slowly revolving fan, he kicks the covers off.  He is sweating.  His wife murmurs next to him.  He needs something.
He looks at her thin nighty, pink, lacey, nice.  She snorts and clears her nasal air passage and rolls on her back.  He stares upward and in the darkness the ceiling opens up to another realm.  He sees demons and dark shadow minions swarming in the corners, come to gather and feast on his soul and roust him.  Lately he has been afraid of his sleep.  His dreams have been… disturbing.  So real.  So real.  They have become so intense, he questions if they are dreams or an alternate reality he also shares.  Perhaps it has always been this way, only now he is actually aware of his dreams, where before he experienced them but forgot them upon waking.
I need to smoke a beer, or some kind marijuana.  He will have a few beers and then let sleep overtake him.  He shuffles out of bed, slips on his comfy sweats and barefoot goes in the kitchen then out on the back patio.  
He is very aware of the small shrubbery in their garden, it is almost glowing in the moonlight.  It looks like a small man with three heads and four arms, the way it explodes out.   He is reminded of the burning bush of holy fire that Moses was visited by.  The moon is cresting.  
Muic chugs his beer and lights up a smoke, inhaling deeply.
“Better?” asks a voice from below.
Muic looks startled.
“Who?”
“Who?”  asks the tirating caterpillar sitting on a small rock by his foot.
Muic looks again.  There is a caterpillar by his foot, it is bent with its head sucking one of its legs, as if cleaning it, he guesses.
“Talking to me now… the bugs… are talking.”
The caterpillar seems to now switch to its left side licking its legs.
“Who are you?” asks the Caterpillar.
“Ahh…  good question, one that I will and can need a whole lifetime to answer.”  He reaches down and picks up the caterpillar’s spongy, plump, vulnerable body and places it three paces away on the tip of a red rose petal.  It stands up on its outstretched legs and begins climbing up.  The rose is on its way to meet the glorious dawn of a new age, a new era, a new day.  It is Muic’s favorite time in the outwardly appearance category of the space continuum.
“I know who I’m not.”  he says.   “I’m no saint.”
The wind is picking up.  He stares out in the darkness down the hill towards the lake.  A look of longing. It is going to be a rough morning, he thinks as he chugs another beer.   
It’s not as if he enjoyed the killing.  He didn't.  There was no feeling of superiority or ego trips or hidden pleasure, a wolf among the sheep, he really abhorred violence, it sickened him, and he wished there was another way for him to make such capital, but he was good at what he did.  He looked at killing in a cold calculating business venture, with risks and gain.  He was a little concerned that it was getting easier now.  The killings.  The faces did not torment him as much.  The voices however were relentless.  Just one more big, golden recipe, one more kill and he can punch out for a long, long while.  That would let them coast for a while, find their bearing, pick up some steam and cash in on some legal business ventures.  His wife was counting on him.
He stares out into the depths of the lake, feels his fins sliding through the tranquil surf in liquid motion, like a hot knife through butter, he is gliding across the bottom depths of the lake, swirling through the rush of water and aquatic vegetation.  He is home.  He is free.  He is interrupted as the sliding glass door opens and out steps a long pair of legs attached to his bunny pajamas wife.
“Cant sleep?” she asks in a statement more than a question, “What’s the matter?”
She is standing behind him, hands on his shoulders, run down his back.
He wants to tell her about the dead girl, about Mr. Jinkins as well, he wants to tell her he didn't want to kill them.  He is a slayer.  He is a cold blooded killer.
“Indigestion I guess.” he coughs up.  “Just don't feel right.”
“You try my oatmeal raisin cookies?  They’ll clear out your tank.”
He smiles, his wife is always cooking something, she stays glued to the cooking shows, stirring up a new creation every day, as if in heated competition with the cooking show hosts, she uses him to try her new creative cooking creations on.
“Sorry I’ve missed the last few dinners, got pulled away with work.”
She didn’t know too much about what he did for money, she didn't really ask many questions, as if she was afraid of the answers, she was happy to know he worked for the organ donors and that he brought home a check.  She knows he went on deliveries, with the organs, but she didn't know how he acquired them.  She must have some suspicions, to the legality of it all, as she talked in hushed whispers whenever inquiring about specifics like dates and times he would be gone.
“I only made three cookies, they are laced in cinnamon and icing, into three gingerbread men, a little family, I want to show you.  The recipe is an oldy, a family treasure, and on the Cooking up Dough show the contestants made apple fritter and raisin crepes, not to be outdone I dug into our family vaults, I think it worthy of your taste, shall we?” she says holding out her hand, he takes it and lets her lead him away, away from the lake, back inside into the dinning room.  There is a candle lit on the table, and two large blue plates.  She wisps by, returning with a small covered tray.  She lifts the lid revealing two gingerbread men, one in pink icing, one in blue, and in between them is a small gingerbread turtle.  
She looks at him expectantly.
“Nice,”  he says, not exactly sure what she is digging for.  
“A man and a woman and a turtle.” he says.  He reaches for one of them and she slaps his hand.
“Turtle?  No no my dear, its a baby.”
“A baby?”
“Its a gingerbread family.”  she looks at him again, with a twisted smile.
He grabs the turtle like babe and takes a bite.
“Wow, tastes like the Rockefeller resort desert entree very nice, perfect sweetness, I am honored.”
She reaches for the woman gingerbread creation and bites her in two then puts her back on the plate, chewing it slowly, in contemplation.  “You know I don't eat that late, it's off my diet, but I am eating…. Now…. for…. Two.” she says and grins.
“Yep, you and me both,” he says absently, “I’m eating for me and my tapeworm.  Are you ok?   You're looking at me funny.”
“You’re as dumb as a rock.  How many hints do I have to give you.  I’m pregnant.”
He coughs up, choking a little, “Pregnant?”
“Yes, I tested myself three times.  I’m in the pink.”
“Pregnant?”
“Yes,” and she boils over in a huge smile shining her teeth at him, “We are going to have a little one!” and she pauses searching him for his reaction, he recovers a little.
“Thats thats great news babe!  Great news!  A little surprising, but it…  are you sure?  We are kind of old don't you..” 
She punches him, “Shut the fuck, we are mid range, its not unusual, we have lots of life and love left to give little junior, I thought you would be ecstatic, isnt this what we wanted for so long?”
Fifteen, twenty years ago, he thinks, then, he smiles, “Yes, yes this is great news, you healthy?  We need to take care of your special needs.”
“I’m watching it, no hard drugs while pregnant, I don't want any coke or booze in the house.”
“Yes, yep, yah, of course.”
“No smoke either.”
“Wonderful news my dear!  Wonderful!” He picks up the gingerbread man and bites his head off.  “The best.”  He walks back to the porch and cracks open another beer, thinking, well what the shit fuck am I going to do, he already is craving a line of coke. 

CHAPTER 13
 
Muic’s cellphone rings, the number shows up as RESTRICTED.
He answers it cautiously.
“Hello?”
“Hi, this is Officer Tibson we had a report that you have in your household a dog that is from a recently deceased address.”
“Sherob?”
“Daisy, I do believe, belonged to a Ms.   ,a fire victim, found burnt to death in her bathroom.”
Muic shifts a little, “found in the bathroom?  Dead from a fire?  Our dog Sherob?”
“No, the dogs previous owner.  I have to ask you sir, how did you acquire the dog?”
“Oh.. ah..  We found her..  In the bushes.  Tried to find the owner, thought we would keep her if no one claimed her.  We thought she might have been abandoned.”
“Ah well, there is a chip in her.  Makes it a little easier.”
“Oh yes, technology and all.  Well we have grown kind of attached to Sherob, do you know, is it ok if we keep her?”
“You know, her previous owner, who died in an electrical fire, she was a master electrician, among other things.”
“Oh really, well I guess you never do know how it will end, do you.”
“Say that again,  we will see if the family wants the dog, if not, I’m sure you can stake a legal claim to her.”
“OK, thank you officer, enjoy your day.”
“You have a pleasant one as well.”

CHAPTER 14

Muic gathers on the shore.  The river Styx is foggy and dark, staring at its surface Muic can see faces rise up and scream before submerging.  It is a transitioning, but he has already been here, he has just arrived.   He suddenly has a realization, again.  “I am…  dead….  But why…  here… again,”
Drifting out of the fog a rowman steers a small boat.  He heads to Muic.  He is skeletal bones underneath a black cloak.  The rowsman opens his mouth and removes a silver coin and places it in a small coin pouch on his side.  He points to Muic, his mouth making a silent scream.
“I am…. Here… dead?”
The oarsman points at Muic again then inside the boat.
Muic shrugs and steps aboard, as the oarsman pushes off the land of the dead and they travel back to life.
A memory plays for Muic in the water, it is a gentlemen Muic acquaints with his spiritual mentor, his guardian angel, “You see your mind uses images that are familiar to you, to bring you from recollections to the joy, your cognitive abilities can get in the way, really to be honest.  We want to bring you in harmony with us in the shortest way possible.  You were immersed in Greek mythology for quite a spell, thus the river Styx.”
“But you ask, but why am I going back to life.”
“A little unusual, we want to make this a short hop, but the world is not done with you yet, it would seem.  Your brain has been reactivated,”
The boat makes it to the shore of a very familiar place, the park, Muic loves, it is the exact place  where Mr. Jinkins took the dive into the ocean.  
“Whaa..”
Suddenly they are walking through the earth and come up in a building.  The tiles gleam, white, walls shiny, bright fluorescent lighting.  They walk down the hall, the skeleton creaking in his joints, they walk down an aisle of brains in jars, suddenly stop in front of one.  Muic reads, first his father’s name on one, then a little sickening, he reads his, the skeleton points to the jar, with the wires and circuitry meshed inside a brain tissue cavity.  
“How…  no…..   No…. please...”
The skeleton points again, Muic relives a memory, his doctor saying, “Know how rare and valuable your brain is, because of its major defects?”
“NO, no, no… nO!”
The skeleton points for a third time, and this time reaches out grasping Muic and drags him down, down… down… down… he swirls into the brain jar, and the light stems out from the full moon as the howl of hundreds of wolves sounds, the howling of pain and caged longing, the howling of home.

CHAPTER 15

“Here in the spirit world, you are here but not here, you are like a ghost.  A spirit with one foot in the spirit realm and one foot in the physical world.  As long as your brain is activated you cannot return home and are doomed to walk through your memories a ghost.  I can make it so you do not remember each encounter, I can do that.  I can make it so each memory is new to you.  Trust me, you do not want to watch reruns of your life over and over for an infinite amount of times.  We have your whole eternity to spend within the limits of your minds power, your brain searches for a host for your thoughts.  Do you penetrate the outside world and affect people in the now?  Possibly, but also your entertainment is the past.  You travel your memories a wraith.   Reliving them over and over.
Perhaps focus on the outside realm.  Even with no memory of your memories, you cannot hammer the same wall without eventually making a dent.  Do you understand?  For instance we have had this conversation, this exact exchange of information, countless times.   But who’s counting, not me, I am just going to wait for you to leave, then enter immediately.  After you leave you will enter with that lost, scared, puppy dog face of yours, and your fear compounded, and my heart will well, and we will begin this dance again.
“Now though is my favorite part of our conversation, it’s when you are a little doubtful and about to leave and I say, It’s like magic, just think it and it will appear.”
“And what do you say?”
“The Smithy Hollow with my wife Jane and our dog Sunny on the beach in mid summer, the waves are rushing washing us and we are loungin…..”   

CHAPTER 16

Muic sees himself with a feeling of detachment, he is sitting at his favorite spot, on top of the hill overlooking the lake, and he is taking a drag off his cigarette.  Muic would love to smoke right now.
For all intensive purposes, Muic has come to the realization that he is in fact dead, dead but not dead, dead, but trapped in his memories.  He is a prisoner locked in the prison cell of his mind.  In this memory he has taken the vantage point of the rose bush blooming next to him.  In the light of the sun shining on his petals, is a coded message, of revival, he feels a photosynthesis taking place as he converts the sunlight into energy to feed on, getting high on it, a little trinket of energy blooms inside him.  
“Tell your thieving ass monkey to keep his snaking paws off the dinnerware.”
“Oh, he’s a cute adorable little angel who can do no wrong, now lower your tone,” his wife giddies the monkey under his chin, the monkey hops onto the floor and onto the nearby vacant table, where he grabs the salt shaker and puts it carefully into his fanny pack.  “You will give him a complex.”
“He’s a thief, I’m sure he helps Olive cheat, how many books did you make Olive?”
“Five but who’s counting, I need a shot.”
“He likes shiny objects,”
“Where’s your stash at?” Muic says to the monkey, “I bet he has half our silverware in one of those pillows.”
Muic eyes the monkey a little more apprehensively as he talks, the monkey covers up his ears, then covers up his eyes with his paws, and finally it covers up his mouth.
“Cute,” says Muic heading back to the bar.
There is a line of coke already cut waiting for him, it leads to a single red rose laying across the counter.  Muic bends over snorting the line he comes up, grabbing the rose, able to smell a faint flower aroma his nose numb and wet, raw from the coke.  He pours a shot of whiskey and knocks the shot glass down his throat, liking the burn, a kindling of fire in the engine room, he grasps onto the bar counter, as if the rooftop he is clinging to just caved in and he holds on the bar for support.  Hiis mind turns the wheel around in his head, it rests on the Indian Chief.
“How!” says Muic to Olive who comes up fast behind him, “The fuck is this!”
Olive puts a hand on his back.  She takes two pinches out of the coke jar and cuts the white powder neatly into two lines.  Her tongue out at him she winks, “Me and you tiger.” she says, “These got our names written on them.”
“Signed on the dotted line, sold out, sign your soul on layaway,” says Muic in agreement.
She courtesies and dips her head down snorting up the line she passes the rolled hundred to him, he already feels the pounding of the earth, good old Newton and his law of gravity has some exemptions in it.  What’s that popular song, “Take a Load off Newton” 
It came rushing to mind, “What chu gonna bake your turkey and mashed potatoes with?   Gravy, Turkey Gravy, thats gravity Newton.  What chu dig up when you kill me and my soul is wandering the sky, A grave for me, a grave for me, Thats gravity Newton.”
“Now,” says Olive in her perfectly pronounced mouth, body pitched, throat elongated, extending out into the dark, “Does Jane have you on a leash or are you allowed out.”
“What do you have in mind?”
“A few bars we can go kiting.”

CHAPTER 17
 
WaterBubble lays three more cards down on the ornate wooden table.  She glides her palms over their embroidered backs of flowers, runes, and forestry, and then she flips them over.
Prison. Lovers. Poison.
“Damn!”  She doesn't bother looking them up, its been the same three cards for the sixth time since the man came with the sexy eyebrows looking for his dead father.  There was a lot more to this man then she knew, she had a vision involving him before she ever laid eyes on him.  He was the key to her twin soul sister and in her dreams with him.  He is with her, him in her, intimately, passionately, such a strong vibe he puts out she has to do all but curtail her furnaces from broiling to simmer. They must just entertain casual costimulation.  They share a connection.
He awoke something in her, he made her remember, there is a bus, a blue bus, and she sits next to him on this spiritual bus.  And she is looking to get off, this bus, they all are.
She was so taken and interested in setting up a second meeting with this mystery man, when she got news of his untimely departure from the planet.  He died, apparently from alcohol poisoning, but something a little more unusual, his head was missing when they found him, which kind of sort of points to foul play.  There is also the increase in her dreams about him, he dominates her in the dream world.
The spirit world is relentless and restless, it is calling and she must answer the only way she knows how.  She takes a handful of peyote.  She will be a channel for the river to run through.  She will attach to his spirit.
Her savior is born in her heart every day, her heart a fire, his form branded into her, in the little reservation pocket barn of Bethlehem she has grown to love.  “Where are you?”  she calls out to her spirit guide.
There is no answer.
“Come to me!” she yells out.
Suddenly there is a clatter in the foyer, a bang bang clang crash.  Wearily opening up the door,  a tomahawk has fallen off its peg, under the sign of the wolf.  Muic, his spirit guide was the wolf, she remembers.
Just like your sisters, comes a voice.
They are here, she says.
We never left, it says again. 
Now, it’s party time again.
Go get your dope, sings a voice as she packs her bowl.  The pipe is from a primitive tribe of pygmies in the lower planes of Africa, it hits hard and fast.,
Pack it up fast with your smoke.
Now go ahead and have a toke,
I will, she says, she needs one.
She inhales, as it all comes rushing at her again.  
“Muic, Muic, what happened to you?” she calls forth for his ghost.  Only a shade of dark silence fills the space on the table.
He is in limbo, waiting in a paradise of hell.  A temporal rift has occurred in the spirit world.  
Let him steer towards my light, in the dark, let him be guided here like a lost vessel at sea to a lighthouse on land.  “Muic, come, come here, Muic come.”
There is a rush of air and suddenly a glowing light in the middle of the table shines brightly around the room.
And she smiles, “You do know the rules don’t you, You can’t lie, or deliberately try to misinform me, you know only truths, and you have to stay in the confines of those lines drawn around you.”
“Rules, whatever, I no longer care for rules,” says Muic.
“Tell me about the girl who is my twin sister, she looks just like me, the one you tried to hide from me, tell me about her.  Rhonda Summers.”
He chokes on some words then finally says, “I killed her.  Her heart was for a gold recipe.”
She gasps,  So thats why,  “What happened, her heart, what about her heart.”
“The Involuntary Organ Donor Guild had her marked, her heart went to a wealthy client,”
“So her heart is in another body?”
“Yes.”
“You killed my sister.”
“I killed her and her heart went to save another.”
WaterBubble moves her bangs back as she thinks, if her twin sisters heart was still pumping that magical alexor of beautiful blood, even in another host body, the deal might still be on.  If she found the donor recipient, maybe she could still have access to a lifetime supply of the super charged blood.
“How do I find out who received my sisters heart?”
“No records ever kept, all secretive, encoded.  But I need you to do something,  I am trapped here.   In my memories.  You have to…”  he is fading.  “You have to release my soul.  Destroy my bra…...in.” he is coming in ripples.
“Helllpp  me.”
Then like a flick of the light switch he is gone and Waterbubble falls back as if released from an electric circuit shock.  

CHAPTER 18

Waterbubble takes the long egated knife and stabs the jack-o-lantern through its forehead.  “Interesting wouldn’t you agree to see if the heart recipient shares the same disease as me and my sister.”
What Vampirism?
“Destroy all vamps, with my sister’s heart, I could be their Queen.”
The man Muic, who died, he has been in my dreams.  A light bearer, a pillar of the dream yoke, the mojo.  There is more to his story then yet written.  Maybe with his spirits help I will no longer need blood transfusions.  Maybe I will become healed.”
The flower of the devil’s eye cactus goes from bright red and yellow to orange and closes up into a bud.  Transmission is over with her spirit guide.
Water Bubble glides her large battle ax sedan fortress into the handicap parking spot and throws her handicap insignia on her rearview mirror dash board, hopping out of the car.
She is at the mass cathedral alleyway sewers, along the oceanfront bank, in the alley rats back section, where her friend Mat the Amazing Magician performs his show for the docile and dope heads in a maze of dying aged cement walls with posters and flyers of nude bodies with burgundy fiery lips and turquoise lit hips plastered to the barnacled sides of the establishment.  There’s a smell of bourbon barbequed chicken and meat, and a low end level of smoke from burning barrels, the day is hanging on the shoulders of the rusty tin roofs but the night is coming and her heart skips a beat in anticipation.  They only come out at night to play.  There’s several rotting pumpkins sitting on the trashcans near the door leading to Mat the Amazing Magician.
She makes this holy pilgrimage once every four months for as long as she can remember.  Mat is the best alchemist this side of the Atlantic.  He makes the concoction she needs, she is about to go feral,  She needs the Drow Dohgs Dirty Jung Beatle Punch also known as Vampire Birth Control.
She doesn’t want to extend the family any further.  It wouldn’t be looked upon favorably.  Not that she gave two polished rats asses any about what the council thought, but now the music begins to stream through the alley way and pump through the door to Mat the Amazing Magician’s foyer.  
She sways and swinging through the dance floor like dirt through a gold miners sifter, she is drifting as she sifts, she is on fire, her body sweats, she is close to being feral, the heat burning in her body, the longing for release, she is on fire, her loins are hot, in heat, she desires something that only death can quell, she needs to make a kill, it’s been nearly a month since she last fed, abstinence from this type of sin does not lead to absolution.
It is a weight, like a headstone on a grave, to keep the dead from rising up from below, she does not need to announce it, everyone in the room can feel the wicks of her flames, her heat, her energy, her mojo comes flaming out of her, hijacking them whole.  She can have anyone in this room she wants, she has taste, but today, is not too picky,  She must quietly lead one of these stags to her den,  She releases some of her mojo, she is dancing with couples, with chicks, with guys, she sirs and moves the sea of hands and feet, the soup of bones, she stirs the pot and lets the music have its way with her, and she just dances, for all of the money in the cookie jar, and she just dances, for all the condiments in the fridge at the shrine of St. Francis, dance dances for the lost to find the light, dance dances and remember don’t forget the Alamo and Balto who rescued the Eskimo, she dances to conquer the united nations of the underworld, and she dances to replace the government with a squad of timeshare telemarketers and attempt to save the city from burning around her ankles.  Hell to everyone.  They will all pay.  She looks around at all of the bodies ringling.  No one here will make it out alive.  Then just as suddenly as it started, the music stops.
She blinks as the lights go on, one by one.  She is in a bit of a daze.
She has been dancing with a slender plumb tree on the patio and a bald gentleman who owns quite the devilish smile.  Musical chairs.  At least she has a choice.  
“I want to go for a dip, a skinny dip, you game?” she asks the bullish man.  His name is Frankosh.  He is from overseas. 
They swim out to a raft anchored above the rift.
“Careful there are sharks out this time,  This is when they feed.”
On the raft, wet, naked, her long hair she rolls and whips it back, she grabs the John by his throat and kisses him intensely.   He gives it as good as he gets, she gives him credit for staying in the game, he drops his shorts, she eyes his cock and grabs it, not displeased, They wrestle, she jockeys for position and ends up on top of him.  It feels so good.  So good. SO good, she goes faster and faster, controlling his thrusts, eating them up and swallowing his hard trunk, she grips him, hard, she lifts him, she contracts, she bites down hard, thrashing, grabs him, she continues to thrust, sinking her fangs into his lily soft skin, he explodes, gasping, gurgling, then silent, very still, silent as… a ghost.  She finishes, slowing back to reality, returning back to her body.  Her orgasm and living sacrifice opened a door in the spirit world, a small doorway to heaven, and sitting there, who should she see, but Muic.  That man again!  Muic!  He is standing there smoking, and seems to shake his head, just slightly, then turn and walk away.
She wipes the blood off her hands and lips, wrapping the chains around the man Frankosh’s body, attached to the anchor, she drops his dead body in the underwater trench she is floating over, all the time thinking. Muic!  He is connected to everything.  If she gets her sister’s heart she can shoot up her magical alexor of supercharged blood down her veins and become invincible!

CHAPTER 19
 
Shade closes her eyes and the world explodes.  She’s driving a big rig down highway 99, she’s courting and swerving, she’s performing calisthenics, window washing, and checking each breaking dawn for cracks, she flies a chariot on a ray of golden amp juice.
Rushing at her, intense pain bottled in a wailing long howl.  Footsteps lead to the end of the trail, to dead eyes above the scarecrows nose, one bullet, one chamber, one shot, loaded, pick someone, just pick someone to shoot, it is so easy.  She looks in her memories to shoot one person, to tag them it.
The man with the pawprint tattoo on his neck is being whipped again by the fiery beings.  The demon’s smile is concealing a valley of smoke,  Smoking huts, their thatch roofs on fire, the villagers gather at the bus stop to wave goodbye.  As their loved ones board the bus, it rumbles and pulls away.  “I love you,” she hears the cries.
The smile of the boy carrying a bucket full of water from the well she knows will never be drank, the smile is full of acceptance, and loyalty and faith and as the bomb, planted inside the well, goes off and detonates, shrap metal punctures and pierces his flesh like buck shot to a meatloaf and as half his midsection is blown apart he still carries the bucket, grabbing it with both hands, he holds it closer, he tumbles for two more steps as he falls, tumbling over.   He doesn't spill a drop from the buckets, as he dies.  She knows this scene will repeat again, with little variation.   It is paw prints dark night she is enduring, just before the dawn breaks. He is being whipped at the whipping post.
She has been granted powers with this heart.  But it is her heart that is in question.  It is one she borrowed from a vampire queen.  One she must pay the price, and the cost is measured in life, in blood.  The vessel that carries her soul is cracking and deteriorating entering lower orbit, it must be remade, reforged, her body must be made new to support her heart.  In pain. she calls out for help, she calls out.  Help comes foraging back to her in a howl of agonized suffering.  Broken, she cannot resist or deny the answer, she accepts the pact made with the animals that rule the night as it turns to day.  She is the animal queen.  Sensitive now to their pain, she takes the pact to do right by them, to always help them until the end, to put them first.
“So you remember,” she hears a voice, and feels an intense burning pain on her neck, she already knows what it is, a paw print tattoo being branded to her flesh.  Shade opens her eyes.

CHAPTER 20
 
“You cannot escape your destiny,” whisper the vines of ivy crawling, racing, at different speeds, towards the crisp, fresh, delicious, pure gold waters of the lake below, the victory line, the finish.  The point of existence must begin with a first step, Muic thinks as he watches himself from the vantage point of a tulip flower growing in the cedar mulch pile next to his camping chair.  He is the tulip.  He feels the life energy of the planet pumping through his roots.  Muic sees himself light up a smoke, he never realized how fiercely he clenched and cradled his addiction, attacking them fighting outwards, his weapons armed to kill.  Under a cloud of hazy smoke, he wields his cigarette, drinking a beer.
He sees poisonous holly berries right to his left, and thinks maybe he can coerce the holly tree to drop some of its berries in Muic’s drink, right under its branches.  Maybe that is how I die, end this cheap charade, he thinks.  He sends a telegram request to the holy tree.
A fly flies down from the Unix unit to fulfill the requirements of the request and see if it’s worth the effort to fill.   It does a fly dance regurgitating his idea into the bark of the holly tree.  The wind blows and the branches sway slightly.
The fly is infatuated with a plate of food next to Muic on the camping table extension of his chair.  It is a cheese toast sandwich, and a bowl of buffalo chicken wings.  Muic the watcher,  feels the energy of the food pumping in the air into the scent of temptation.
“The voice of reason always wins in the end,” says the grilled cheese toast.  “It has to, and that’s no bull,” says the buffalo chicken.
“Don’t you remember?” says the fly regurgitating on the tulips petal.
“Don’t you remember?” says Muic the tulip.
“Don’t you remember?” says Muic the man.
“I seem to be remembering,” sings Muic like it's a top ten broadway song. “Do da do da du da du.”  He takes a drag of his cigarette, not knowing where that thought came from, but really enjoying the exhaust of urban decay from his cigarette to the point of ecstasy, the smoke stacks pumping in his utopian industrialization age of his empire, as he finishes razing the village of the dead to the ground, he takes one more drag, and stuffs the butt out in the butt can already overflowing with cigarette butts.
His wife is two steps behind him, she reaches for his top pocket pulling out a smoke she brings it to her curled plump lips, cradling it, she sets it on fire, hungrily, looking like a lioness on top of pride rock, as Muic steps up to her unspoken threat and challenge.
“Dear…  no…. Dear…. No…”
“But I NEED something….   I’m a fucking fat pig.”
“No dear, your fucking beautiful.”
“Look at my fat ass.”
“Look, your beautiful tits, you got the glow.”
She is crying.  “I need something.. Something..  I need..”
Muic embraces her and looking her straight, level with her face, he bites the cigarette in half, kissing her.  He swallows it and spits the butt out, still kissing her.  Her tongue slips up to brace the roof of his mouth, his tongue lightly marche over her teeth and crests over them breaking on their backs.
“Baby you can have me, all of me, you don’t need that crap.  You are such a good mama, you are strong.”
She hangs her arms around his neck and smiles nodding, chin up.
“Baby, there is something bugging me.   I want to tell you.  I got evaluated.”
“Yeah? In what?  Breath control?”
“They say I got a serious mental problem.”
She makes a funny face, “Like duh, you just figuring this out?”
“No seriously, this is serious,” he says with a smile to her demented expression.
He just spits it out, “They say I got schizophrenia and my brain has some serious defects.”
“Huh?  Who? You?”
“Yep, I’m legally insane.,. My brain is defective.”
“You mean…  you're not perfect?”
“Am I?”
“You dumb ass, don’t you know, it’s your flaws that make you perfect.”
He kisses her, and reaches down, pulling a tulip flower from the ground, hands it to her.  She tucks it behind her ear.     

CHAPTER 21

There is a trail and he is following it, there are all kinds of jewels of many different colors made into the trail, the design of them is breathtaking to behold, “Follow the yellow ones,” says a voice that he somehow knows to trust, the yellow jewels are indeed beautiful, they open up like roses inside orchids inside crystal skulls, the path crosses over and under and he sees a magnificent city just ahead, and the city gates are colossal and do not end, but stretch on to infinity, the city is marvelous to look at, and he knows each part of it, and knows he is returning home, it is endless, but as he nears, the gate begins to shake, a storm of lightning and dark dark clouds surround him, full of chaos and night, the city, his haven, seems to shrink, and diminish down the drain like he poured it out a coke bottle and he awakes on his knees, naked, chained to the wall.
Near him is a few wrapped up paintings, a miniature sarcophagus, a ninja manikin, a case of rum, and some elegant bowls in a glass case.  He is chained.  The chain allows him to reach the edge of the rum case, the other exhibits are just out of reach.  He manages to get a bottle, Capt Black vintage 58, well, looks good to me, he thinks, and pops the top and chug a lugs.  The liquid burns down.   It seems to help.
Something bad.  Something real bad.  They kidnapped him.  He needs to arm himself.   The ninja outfit, the other side of it, rests a ninja sword, laying in a case.  It is a weapon.  He suddenly thinks he knows what to do.  He finishes a bottle of rum and weighing it in his hands, getting a feel for it, then holds it by the neck, and he, if he hits it just right, he, aiming, chucks it at the glass case holding the bowl, it shatters and knocks over, hits the sarcophagus that pushes the manikin forward which flips up the sword.   It flies up, triumphantly.  Yes!  He hisses, it flies up, close, where it gets stuck between the wall and the door jam, the blade pushed out towards him, the tip of the blade wedged in the wood.  Stuck.
He reaches for another bottle to think this turn of events over.  The ninja fell over, the sarcophagus is on its side, the bowl is hanging out the broken case, the bottle he threw is in pieces scattered about the room, but the blade is..  If he pushes the crates the paintings are in….  Just a little…  Right under the chain, and if he leans with all of his weight towards the wall, his right hand, taunt, chained, he can almost reach it, he stretches, stretches, stretching on his tiptoes, he goes forward, takes a slug from the rum, just a litt..  He slips falls and the weight of his body on the tight taunt chain falls on top of the sword and he feels a sensation in his right wrist, a sudden pain, shrieks, a sudden burst of nausea, a freezing burning pain and he realizes with shock, he just cut off his right hand, the release from the chain, cuffed now to his severed right hand, knocks him backwards as blood pours out his severed wrist.  In shock, he stares at it for several long seconds, before his vet and military training kick in, and he wraps it and cuts off the circulation, bandaging it.
That's one way to escape.  He thinks.  Not one he would recommend, but hey, whatever works.  Then he remembers what his kidnappers had said, they were going back to kill his wife, he, burning in pain and rage and pain, puts on the ninja robe, and busting the door open, tosses up, he vomits, before leaving the storage closet of the hotel.
The scene dissolves in a colorful ruse of raining patterns molding and growing like a forest of familiar items growing out the ground like trees.  He leans closer to the Listerine mouthwash treetrunk that is growing into a mammoth timber next to a beautiful set of salt shakers that exactly resemble the ones that sat next to his toaster his whole late adulthood life. Thats all he is getting out of that memory, he is sure, and it already is starting to fade, as it opens up, and he prepares to follow the yellow jewels a little further down the woodland trail. 

CHAPTER 22

So much.. Pain…  pain… pain.
Pain past the threshold of sane, at a pinnacle of torture, Muic walks out jittery, elated and all parts of his physical body red flagged, he walks out of the elevator a dead man, he screams a little at the bellhop who is pushing luggage behind the counter.
“Are you…. Ok?”
He sees only blood and wounds and death, he hears only gnashing and screams, and in the shortness of breath, he, trodding wearily through the hotel restaurant, reaches over and grabs two steak knives from the plates of an overweight man and his wife.
“They are going to kill her if you do not interfere.” says voice from inside the bar stool’s red creased cushion.  He sees one of his assailants near the kitchen, eating a danish, his back is turned towards him, but he is wearing that same over extended jacket, those same hill fighter shoes.  Muic, half stumbles towards him, and reaching his arms around him, from behind, stabs the man hard, plummeting the knife, burying it into his chest.  The man coughs blood streaming out his mouth and wound, doubling over, he falls, the blood looks brilliant against the gray tiled floor, it splashes and vividly washes a fresh coat of ruby and roses.  Several people are screaming, a big guy turns, face ghostly pale white then bright flush red, he grabs a chair and backs up, holding the chair like a lion tamer would, as Muic shoves the second blade into him, he plunges it into his heart.
“They will kill her if you let them,” says a voice from the flower vase nearby.  He feels the irises of the flowers watching him as he, unsteady, falls over the side of a booth, he falls on his face as a young lady sitting in the same booth, stands in front of her children and stabs Muic fiercely in the chest twice, deep.  It hurts, the sudden white light, snaps him out of his numbing sleep, he feels like the sky just cracked its shell and the yoke of the world is pouring drilling into his chest, burning, unending, it burns, the fire, growing more intense as it is fed his pain.
“They are going to kill her,” says the salt shaker.  He, floundering, as people kick and push him, he grabs hold of the table and lurches up, launching forward, he gets out of the back doors, people running and yelling and scrambling, screams, out the back alley, nearing a jeep, blood, he yammers through the driver side door.
No keys, he cries out.  He cries out for help.  He cries to God.  His voice shrieks out like a whine of a dying dog, a howl of pain and suffering and something that should be put out of its misery, as the windshield shatters and he feels his right shoulder punctured, with a loud explosion of BANG BANG BANG.  Someone is shooting at him.  He manages to crawl out the jeep and kneeling on the ground, among the seaweed of the city, the beer bottles, scratched out lottery tickets, cigarette butts, ribbons, he hunched over, scrambles away, down the back alley, into the sand dunes.
He hears the calling of the ocean, his mother, she is singing to him, and he has missed her for so long, she is singing to him a lullaby, and he stumbles further, closer, he feels a change taking place, he feels lighter, he wants to go home, all the lights change color, he is almost there, almost back home, the ocean is so close, he smells the salt sea air, the ocean is calling and he shall answer, he stumbles up the dune, falling, crawling, he sees a park bench and takes a seat, falling over in it, it is actually a trolley bus bench.  Sweet mother take me home.  A chariot of fire crosses his vision, white light, a valley of dinosaurs, he so silent and still, like a fossil himself, not breathing, watches intensely a small tadpole sperm gains a tail from an egg and swims in a tiny puddle made from the footprint of a wooly mammoth type dinosaur, and so life is born.  

CHAPTER 23

The only thing that brings Muic back, the only thing that is a constant, is the pain, he is on a distant bus heading further and further away each moment and this is just one of thousands of bus stops he must make.   His feet root into the ground and recoil at the touch of other roots.  “I am stone cold drunk,” he says to no one, he also has lost his hand somewhere, and has a knife in his chest, and a shot shoulder, and he may or may not of crapped himself, but really does not care.  He can smell and taste his own guts. He hears bells ringing in the distance, “Every time a bell rings…” he thinks unable to finish the chain of thought.  His thought returns to his wife and he cries.  She may be dead already.  She must have seen his attackers.  They probably want no witnesses.  He thinks he can remember them in a line up.  He must have been drugged.  No way to save her now, they left him with nothing, he has no cards left to play.   He is on a bus trolley bench, crying, as the trolley pulls up next to him.  He, full demon, he sold out a long time ago, fully turned, fully demon, no shred of holy angelic spirit, he looks up at the bus driver like he is going to eat her, and he steps up and boards the bus to hell, “On the bus… on the bus with Jesus now.  Oh God why have you…” as the lights snuff out one by one.

CHAPTER 24

He presses the tip of his blade harder into the bus driver’s neck, a little harder then he meant to and some more bright red blood bleeds out soaked into her collar.  “Faster,” he says.
“Drive Faster.”  He cannot tell if she answers, he only hears a dull ringing.   He is losing conscience.  He commandeered this bus in the name of a citizens commandeering arrest, he says, he has the driver flying down the back streets towards his house, heading to save his wife, the bus driver at knife point, all of the rules he has chucked out of the window, he feels his fins, his flippers, his gills, he is having more and more trouble breathing, he needs to get in the water, the lake, his home, he needs to save his wife, the mermaid, his love, he feels the chains of hell puling him in.  Is this schizophrenia?  He thinks.   
“So let me get this straight, the victim is in the storage closet and loses his right hand in room 1103 on the eleventh floor in the McHenry Flawless Foundations Hotel, he wraps up the stump in a bath towel, then enters the hallway, makes his way to the elevator and takes the elevator down to the lobby, walks through the restaurant, stabs the bus boy and the waiter killing them both near the freezer, where he gets stabbed in the chest three times by a  random woman, he gets up, walks out back in the alleyway, takes a shot in the right shoulder by a security guard, continues down the alley goes up the dune where he, crawls up the dune, down the dune, almost to the ocean, where he hijacks a trolley bus to take him to his house, where he kills the bus driver and here’s the kicker, dies, of all things, alcohol poisoning from vintage 1915 rum he drank in the storage closet  but…  BUT, pay attention, his body is found on the bus without a head.  Is that what you are saying?”
“Thats it in a nutshell,” says the Junior detective.  “He was diagnosed with untreated schizophrenia just a week ago.  He didn’t have much blood when he died, but made up for it with all of the aged vintage rum alcohol he was drinking to replenish it, drunker than a skunk.”
The bus rumbles roving over the open plains, sifting side to side, Muic along for the ride curls up in the corner of the seat and watches the landscape of majestic evergreens to fiery pits, cloud castles to open ranches and wild lifts of frozen tundras and thick woven forests of sticks.  The bus driver has an old half chewed cigar hanging from her skeletal mouth, she grins back black teeth and nods her half decomposed head. 
“I need to go to church,” says Muic to the busdriver.   
“Take me there, huh bud?” 
The bus driver cackles over a little and steps on the gas.
“There is a bus route.” says the passenger to his right, “We cannot deviate, or else…  or else… madness, chaos ensues, no there is a bus route we must follow.”
The bus is falling through the air, but when Muic looks out the windshield he sees the lights are lit on the road leading up to the…  orphanage, not the…  orphanage, where he….  Not the orphanage,,,,,  not the place….  Not that place….  No…. no…  not where he killed Jesus.  The bus is pulling up to it, he already sees the rag doll bodies of the children scattered in the playground yard…   the bombs, shrap metal blast, cleaved the wall out, his squad sent in to destroy the satellite station built into the orphanage, some damned soul trained and armed these children with weapons, the children soldiers set up an ambush and Muic with his squad, sitting ducks, called in an airstrike…. But not before Muic, the little girl, she was beautiful in horror, she, she raised her pistol up to shoot Muic’s squad leader, not even a second later Muic’s blade was in her chest, and her necklace, the copper cross, fell, cut, fell into, her, own puddle of blood.  She was Muic’s first confirmed hand to hand kill.  A little beautiful girl.
I need a drink.  I need something.   I need a..  The girls body is glowing a light blue as he sees her essence rise up and swirl in a soul puddle where a tree stems.  The bus is waiting parked catty corner to the orphanage.  
“Your mind needs to personalize, to have closure you must act now, you must perform the ceremony of crows the oracle told, remember how it goes, a pinch of hair to smoke, a bit of blood to drink, an item they love, and great pain will make the link.   
As if a lance is taken and forcefully shoved and stabbed from his ass up his trunk to come pouring pushing intruding out his mouth an intolerable pain all light flees from he shrieks and screams in agony he can only feel his body splitting screams deafen senseless pain overcomes his senses the intrusion, the violation he is impaled with as slowly slowly it fades in crumbling sensations a returning of his tender places in his body.  Feeling comes back to him in a gushing outpouring of pure relief.  In an aftermath of the pain, he shrinks from it like a shadow would light, he already knows, he will do anything to avoid that pain again, anything.  He is so overcome with the relief he does not realize at first the flower in his hand.
It is the most beautiful thing he has ever seen, a pure golden flower glowing in precious pulses of beautiful light.  So beautiful.  So unearthly.  It is God like.
“You have done it, you have made peace with yourself, your reward is this blossoom to light your way home.  Let it be your guide,  It points the way home, place it in your mouth.  It will take you home.”
He walks through the shattered courtyard, he feels the unbridled joy, the love energy in this flower ready to explode, ready to release and unleash a smoking baby of utopia pushing for him to get his wish.  Pushing with a fire burning in his soul for an unworldly experience to charter him home.  He walks doing a little jig, a little dance, and hears the sound of bells from nearby, the church, ringing, the bells, chimes to guide the dead to a safe spiritual gateway, he stops dead.  He groans.  He knows.  He stumbles.  He falls.  He falls not spilling a drop.  He bows down further to the ground.  He dips and places his flower in the little dead girl’s hands, laying it on her chest.  A moan goes through him echoing out into the courtyard like a howling wolf that is suddenly silenced.
The flower’s petals blow in the wind.  The flower flutters, then flies, and lands in the little girl’s mouth, there is a small burst of light, and she consumes it.  Suddenly another bus comes roaring in and slamming on the breaks parks next to the fire escape in the courtyard.  It stays for less than a minute, before slamming around a turn and taking off.  In the back window, Muic sees the little girl staring at him from her seat.
You see things that aren't there but are things you need to see regardless of their reality.  Your brain, your mind, has devised a way to convey meaning to you of things you have no comprehension of.  It is projecting a way for you to understand its intent, like explaining to a blind man what sight is like.  The bus system is the best way it can convey the spiritual nature here, the bus and bus route may or may not really exist, but it doesn't matter as long as you are riding on it, your mind is using the bus to move you closer to the goal.
The goal?
Salvation.
  
CHAPTER 25

Muic begins to make a correlation about the other passengers on the bus.  They all have a share in his tribulations and victories, in his foundling, his character, and his schooling, in his failures and his life.  At each bus stop more passengers get on board.
The bus rolls to a small townhouse square, in a cul de sac, development. Muic has been here before, but time and memories all run together, its night time, the bus comes to a stop.  He steps off the bus just as he spots a fire in the windows.
It is the home of the golden heart recipe, the beautiful raven haired girl, angelic face, he sees himself crawl through the window, as she sleeps, the girl who haunts his nights, this is where Muic kills her.
Muic watches from the Christmas cactus flower vantage point in the corner of the room.  He sees himself take her heart then leave,  he waits till he comes back to rescue the dog before he decides to go back on the bus, but something stops him.  He sees the dead girl.  Is she?  Dead?  As the fire takes a hold of the bed, a blood bath, her legs shy away from the flame.  She moves, she shimmers, jitters, her body flees from the fire as she topples over, off the bed, on flame.  Awake.  Heartless, she lunges into the bathroom, everything is ablaze.  She crawls through the bathroom, everything on fire. Burning she grabs hold of the toilet.  Looking right at the Christmas Cactus, she, howling in pain, pauses and is able to grin a small sad smile at Muic, just for a moment, she blows him a kiss, as she catches on fire, and Muic feels a sword seer him in the heart, a piercing howl comes screaming though his lips, his body burns.  He shares the pain with this girl and is comforted to know that she knows he is shouldering half of her pain.  He feels souls of innocents come streaming out his mouth where he bites and rips open their necks, only he is her, she is sharing her pain with him, as he is with her, they both burn, and surrender out their toxins, the fire purifies, it melts, it burns, as the whole house now is a blaze.  It burns the flesh off their bones, revealing an inner light, beams, into the moonlit night, evening finds a streaming river of darkness with puddles of light, come pouring into his valley to wash him clean.  The pain is so intense, so real, Muic will do anything, say anything, do anything, to make it stop.  Please God, he begs, end my pain.  End my pain.  End pain.
The body is but a shell, his has burnt every fiber of his flesh off, in his burnt bleach white skeleton bone hands he holds a flower, It is a beautiful Christmas Cactus rose of light, it is his, grown from his pain, he has never seen anything as beautiful or as appealing, as special and sacred.  It is his salvation.  It is his bus ticket home.  He suddenly remembers the bus is outside and goes for it, carrying the flower.  He stops by the dead girl’s body, she is a skeleton too, she is asleep near the toilet, and he lowers himself.  His head is so heavy, His body, the bone so tight, gnaw of bone grates against bone.  Rubbing, friction.  Cracking, he bows over, he bows down, and puts his flower in the girls ribcage.  Where it lights up and so fragile, disintegrates, mixing with her ash, then he turns and goes and boards the bus.  
   
CHAPTER 26
 
Shade chews on a piece of homemade granola while she contemplates her mission while sitting crosslegged and eagle eyed at the bus stop.  In the dreams, the so real dreams, the surreal so so real dreams, the man with the blue wolf paw tattoo is aboard a bus.  In the dream the busdriver, a rotting zombie with a layer of iodized salt covering her decomposing body, makes an announcement half way through, something like “Zunich to Aloha street in thirty” and the man with the paw print turns to her, giant grin, and excitedly says something, “Do you have the time?” or is it  “Your mind is a rhyme?” and she knows he says something about the monkey, the skeletal monkey that sits on the bus driver’s shoulder.  The monkey is a source of negative anxiety to the man.
So, she looks at the bus schedule again, red stripe runs through here bus 243, running right on time, should be here any moment.  Shade eats another piece of granola, her appetite has gone to hell, a vegetarian most of her life, lately she has been appeasing her cravings for meat, bloody meat, she’s been dining on some prime cuts.
She is going through changes.  There is a spiritual aspect here that she has ignored for too long, she has denied it entry, but now it has reached a point where she must confront it.  She has been given a second life with her new heart.  She was dead for four point nine minutes on the operating table, and she remembers about half of what lies on the other side.  She returned home, to her spiritual home, heaven, in defeat, she had not completed the mission she set out and agreed upon this life.  She cannot remember the exact details of it, but while she was dead, she felt she spent an eternity being tormented, tortured, by a being of fire, she was in its jar, until the man, the man with the wolf print tattoo on his neck, rescued her, he took her place in the pickle jar, so she could be free.  He may still be there, being tormented, the cost of her freedom was his imprisonment and she never saw this man before, didn’t know a thing about him, but they now both share a bond, a connection.  She will do anything to avoid going back to that hell, and she knows her salvation is somehow tied to this man, the guardian of animals, the dog knight,  she can sense his thoughts, like the source is somewhere near.  She bites the thick granola bar in half like it is a potato chip, her teeth go right through it, is it my imagination or are my teeth growing, my jaw strengthening? She thinks, just as bus 243 rolls up.
The bus driver is an old prune of a man, bus fares here near the college are free, she goes and sits three seats back and looks around.
Graffiti of tits and dicks, slogans to smoke napalm and holes cut in the seat cushion with stuffing coming out, metal holding bars a little scratched and tarnished, and bubble gum stuck on.  She runs her hands over the words, “Dill Chill” and “Lulu loves big dick”, she puts on her head phones and lets the music spin, this must be right.  Shes not wrong.   Something here the Dog Print wants her to find.  She feels her body shudder as again she is in the dream.  “The Damn Monkey stole it.” 
What?
My Soul.
Tied to.
What.
My Heart.
Tied to.
What.
Your heart.
The Monkey Stole it.
My soul in the hole.
How do plants grow it.
With time.
Plant the seed in the hole.
Unaware of the time continuum.
Spank the Monkey.
Behave.
What.
She looks again, the scrawled dick, the triple sixes, the Pink Oink name.  She reaches out and touches the seat in front of her.  Suddenly she feels a warmth in her chest, she reaches out, and puts her hand in the cushion hole, she goes in deep, up to her elbow. 
“You will lose your arm,” says the voice of the mumified monkey, “You will, if you are wrong, are you willing to make the sacrifice.”
“I am” she says and digs deeper, she strains with her hand stretching she inches it further down and scrapes the bottom of the seat, when, feeling, she grasps hold of a palm size round cold metal case, and pulls it out.  It is a pocket watch.  A gold pocket watch.  She gives a victory shriek to herself.  This is it!  What is tying the man to this bus, she is sure of it.  In an over joyed cry she grips the watch hard and leaps up smiling.  She found the tin man’s heart!   

CHAPTER 27

The bus rolls up as Muic sits in his car in front of Saturn’s Subs, he is absently doing his favorite pastime, he is people watching.  Paranoid, he  goes into the coincidences that confront and coincide with the fuckers who may just be passing him by where he is on the very tip of the planet and looking down, or in this case, looking out into a wasteland of sub joints, all flying their victory flags to keep the drums pounding and the armies marching, and commanding a wide smorgasbord of meat and topping, a trail for Hansel and Gretal, to transport them to the sandwich shop witches candy sugar coated shack, things seem preordained like fate is a hungry bitch looking for a bone, for a reward, he can use some condiments and mount her on the wall.  He sees a woman wearing the colors of Saturn’s Subs mascot a purple alien with red pants and a blue jogging shirt, her smile matches her tight ass cheeks.
“Now,” thinks Muic, “You are going into Saturn’s Subs again, what?’   You have to, you look just like their mascot alien,”  She pauses by the wide shutters then continues walking, but not before she turns and stares at him deeply, and gives him a knowing wink, then she continues strolling down the sidewalk.
Muic breathes out a sigh of disappointment, angry at life a little more, then gets out of his car and walks to the front door of Saturn’s Subs, just as the woman suddenly behind him, she squeezes into the little alcove doorway effectively blocking off any retreat and  this seems rather familiar.  Like he’s done this before, a bunch of times before, but no, that’s not…
...possible?
She rushes the counter and says on exalted breath excusing herself, “I’m feeding more than one you know, I got one in the oven.  It’s not easy, it’s hard having labor pains.”
“What?  What are you... suggesting?  Do you want a sub or give me a blowjob?” asks the sandwich maker.
“A blowjob?  Are you trying to get my sexy lips around your perverted pork chop!” says the alien mascot chick.
“I was just seei…” the sandwich maker is at a turning point and he rolls his eyes as if bored with this conversation.
The alien presses then goes in for the kill.   “I can make you feel real good, like the next 12 inch sub is free?” but the sandwich maker looks sick, like he’s close to vomiting.   Something is not right.   Something is very wrong.
“Sounds to me,” says the older gentleman sitting down leafing through the paper, “Like she’s got you between a cock and a.. Ah hah … hard place.”
The woman giggles.
“What do you want sir?” asks the youngblood addressing Muic.  His voice cracks on sir and splits into a wide demon grin, with thick venomous lips, green, and his tongue sticks out of his mouth, flies are stuck to it.  
Muic hears a voice calling out from the vinaigrette bottle, “I want you to make me one with everything.” it yells in the voice of a Zen Buddah Monk.
“What did you say?” he asks in its direction.
“What would you like to…”
“Its a freaking conspiracy!” says the clear transparent plastic wrap box popping a smoke in its mouth.  It talks around the cardboard.
“Muic more is at stake here then the steak of your heart.”  cries the salt shaker.
“What the fuck is happening?” says Muic.
“Aw Jesus here we go,” says the girl.
Something big smashes in the distance, like a car just went through a main store display window. Followed by the sound of three more crashes.  The lights flicker on and off.
“What?”  something does not seem right at all.
“This memory has been violated,” says the devil, the sandwich maker, “Something has changed.”
“The girl. She found it.”
“Found it?”
“The pocket watch.  She found it.”
“Sweet Maker, you mean we don’t have to be trapped in these memories any longe….r?”  A door opens, It has fiery chains around it that fall to the ground as Muic nears.  The alien girl giggles and her form changes to a little imp, with two little horns on her head.   The old man sitting reading the newspaper’s red tail rises up, he talks with a forked tongue and a slight hiss, “Looks like you're gonna make it kid,” he says, “Make it back to the astral realm, told you, get a dog.”
Muic stands up and walks over to the door, as it opens, and his world unfolds.

CHAPTER 28

She takes the crochet needle out of her hair, letting her long locks of golden sunlight hair dance around her shoulders and bounce down her back.  She sways her head, swishing her hair.  Muic has two drinks in his hand, he looks at her as the wind picks up and the moon light creates its own ambiance for its personal audience.  They are on the bed at the hotel.  
“Vodka up straight,” she says handling a drink.  She looks at him a little more intently.  “You ever cheat on her,” she asks.
“Never,” he answers quick, as if already expecting the question.
“Never?”
“Tell you the truth I would die for her, I would do anything for her, I really don’t know, I’ve backed myself up in a corner, she deserves better.”
“You would die for her?  Really?”
“In a heart beat.”
Olive places a hand on his chest, and looks him in the eyes, “Your a good man Muic, but you got that defective brain of yours, and the pharmaceutical companies will pay an ass load for,”  Muic’s eyes, dilated, expand wide, he senses something going on, “and I need the money,” and everything begins to spin.  “I gave you something in your drink.  Your paralyzed.”  she says a little sadly, a little sweetly, her hands lowering on his chest to his pants.  She gives him a kiss as he falls over, he gasps out in an exhale.  “Sorry buddy, we both work for the same guild.  Your brain is worth a gold recipe.” 
He falls over out of his chair, his body slumping to the ground, his head connects with the floor, his gold pocket watch falls out of his vest.
Her little monkey runs over and picks up his watch then places it in its pouch.

CHAPTER 29

“She’s in the banana room.  Wearing the ninja turtle outfit.”
“Is that necessary?”
“She went vampire on two of our officers, tried to bite them in the neck.   She thinks she’s a damn vampire or something, has powers, parents say she hasnt been the same since she got a heart transplant,   She's crazy.  Where else should we keep her?”
“Shade?”
“Let me out of here!”
“Shade, do you know where you are?”
“Yeah in the black cock room, and I’m not wearing this stupid suit.”
She takes her outfit off, it is padded and green and looks like a turtle shell.
On the ground is a small mattress shaped like a surfboard, or to Shade, a dick, it is black and meant for her to sleep on.  “How do I get out of here?”  that is the most polite she has been yet.
The guard leaves ignoring her.

CHAPTER 30

He feels a warmth inside his belly, and the cold in a comfortable chill of surging liquid mass around his body, he feels a rush, a euphoria he has never known.  He is swimming in pure love pure ecstasy.  He is swimming.  He is swimming and wouldnt trade this sensation for all the cod sandwiches in the world, “The danger is over,” chimes a feeling voice, “you no longer need to worry.”
“You have been swimming in a fish bowl your whole life and now have been returned to the ocean.”
“You are a fish, who never knew he was a fish, and are now free to swim the seas of eternity.”  “Look around you at all the magnificent beauty for your pleasure to see and swim with and be.”  “This whole time you were a fish in a  bowl, on the bottom of the ocean, who thought he was possibly a dog, trapped in the body of a man.  Now your bowl has been shattered, and you are finally free!”
He sees glowing cities of such vibrant colors glide in the distance and stretch out like built on the back of a jellyfish.  He sees castles and mountains, trees and lakes, irrigation systems of golden yoke flowing to feed into mouths of quaint villages and modern architect, he sees such beautiful kingdoms he wants to explore, and the spectres of glowing souls and others like him swimming with such big smiles on their faces, he can hear their thoughts as they broadcast out the vibe of love.  Love.   LO.ve. LovE 
There is a sound of gears straining, stress from tremendous weight breaking the bridge, cogs caught in mid motion, slam shut, he feels his spirit wrench down, his mind splits and he is sucked into a black hole.  Noises of tiny typewriters typing, of light breaths taken, he makes out noises, voices, calling, excited, talking all about him, feels a sensation on his face, on his hairy face, he is coughing, he is alive, his eyesight dim to dark is growing.  He sees blurry images, he sees blurs turn into shapes, he sees men in white, coughs, trys to scream, a woman is in front of him excitedly motioning, “Can you see me?” she asks, he nods and she laughs overjoyed.  A group of people surround him.
“Its a miracle!  Breakthrough in science,”
They turn on the main light and hold a mirror over him.  He looks and feels a cold dread, he looks and begins to cry.  Tears roll down his hairy cheeks.  They have transplanted his brain, into the body of a monkey.

CHAPTER 31
 
Shade stares at the violent red berries littering the courtyard over the still vibrant green grass and clumps of brown and orange leaves, the berries like blood drop stains leaking from the murdered earth,  She looks at her companion, his feet look pretty in the hospital slippers.  She wonders if he uses foot cream.  “Show me the money,” says a squirrel across the fence.
“What for a good nut,” asks the shrubbery next to it.
“Meditate,” breathes a voice.
“Focus on your breath, Meditate.  You are still asleep.  Dreaming.” She opens her mouth and shuts it, “Like a fish,” She closes her eyes and breathes.
“Let go of all earthly distractions.  All pleasures, all pains, she feels a drum in her slowly beating, hands on it, thumping, pounding, softly, loudly, beating, It is a breath, it is her breath, her heart.
“You are a colossal star.  A shooting star entering orbit of a giant whole new universe.  Pound. Beat. Boom.  Pound. Beat. Boom.  You are an insect, diligently working, with a whole universe in your palm.  Beat the drum.  Beat the drum.   Who are you….?
My name… you would know it as Sol.  Rebel Sol. or just Sol.   The sulistine, the nightingale, the Judas, The lamb, I am everything to no one, I am everyone in a crayon box of special needs and a medicine cabinet of one of a kind remedy vials, I am your nature, you finally got heart kid.  We are gonna go places, we are gonna rule this roust.
What do you want.
What does every stray alley cat seek, every blood hound search for, every young colt run to, every swine run from, every pearl of wisdom comes from someones erection of concrete and wood.  I want salvation.  Joy.  Love.   You are my vessel now.  I love you. 
What should I do?
Breathe. Meditate.  Focus on your..  Shade jumps awake.  Breath.  

CHAPTER 32

Waterbubble screams out into the dark covenant of the houses gathering on the hill on the side of the road as she streams by, in her sedan, she howls.  She is rewarded with the baying of hounds and other dogs and wolves outside to the night.  They answer her, her challenge, she knew they would.  She is too irresistible tonight.
She giggles as she takes another deep drag of her giant doobie she rolled at the truck stop rest area.  She laughs and steps on the gas.
She is close to her destination.  The paper gave away the biggest piece of the puzzle, the article about the girl who bit the officers in the neck trying to drain them of blood, she found very interesting.  I guess that’s what happens when you put a vamp queens heart in a mortal girl’s body.  It was an honest mistake, the attack on the cops, she can understand how it can happen.  The paper said the girl was being held right near in Lexington Longwood asylum.  Waterbubble blows out a lungful of smoke like a jet turbine then takes another drag,  Longwood Asylum is just a few doors down.  She is on her way to visit the vamp girl, the recipient of her sisters precious heart with such beautiful blood.  Then maybe Waterbubble can see what shes dealing with, this girl seems to have the heart for it, but just lacking the proper tools to be a true vamp.  She shall see.
Shade sits in the corner of the room.  She is watching the shadows from the tripped out fans and the bright lights from above and behind her, the shadows dement and shifty, they now look like hooded monks praying while stretching their heads up and down, hands turning to flowers growing on the gravesites of the damned.
A knocking on her door, a hooded guard comes up, cracking it open.  “You have a visitor.”
“Wow, whoever can that be?”
“Your Sister.”
“Sister? Oh…  yeah…”
Shade is led to the visiting room, a video monitor is turned on to a beautiful strange girl with dark hair and dark jeweled eyes smiling.
“What beautiful hair…”
“My hair has a cost,”
“Time?”
“Blood.  LIfe.  You have my sisters precious heart in you so I will offer the question, and answer, are you in need of help?  Or” she looks behind her in he back room at all of the guards and staff, “Do you think you have enough help right now?”
“Enough?  Help?  I was at my lowest, I tried to blow my head off with an officers gun, Thats why we scuffled and they subdued me.  Do you know what its like to come to terms with your own death, the surrendering, the ready acceptance of death at that moment, to look towards heaven and hell with open arms?  And then be rejected back to this life?”
“Do I know what its like?  I will tell you a secret, I.. killed myself 450 years ago, I…. am…..  Dead…..   I need blood.
Shade looks at her, backs up, then straightens, fixes her skirt, and does a sort of curtsy.
“Why, I’ve never met a real…   vam..pire… before.   Are you sure?  You look so..”
Waterbubble eyes Shade expectantly.
“Innocent…”
Waterbubble blushes, “Oh sweetey, innocent?  Maybe, I guess, who knows.  But you know you can leave here anytime you want,  you just need to draw on your vampire heart.  Your instincts.   You have control over the weaker minds, power of suggestion, you just picture an object of much desire in your mind, and stare them deep in their eyes, and whirlwind eyes and give the command.  You are a vampire in everything but body, you have certain rights that come with your heart.  My advice, stay here, milk it, for as long as you can, till you die of boredom, and learn, practice your abilities, and if you decide you want to physically be a vampire, call me.  But I am tapping you, your blood is just so intoxicatingly orgasmic, my sister never gave it up, I’m going to take just a little taste.”
“What?  Here?  Now?  How can I see you?”
“I thought youd never….” and she disappears from screen.  Then from behind Shade, Waterbubble says sweetly, “Ask.”
At lightning speed Waterbubble runs up and bites Shade in her already bandaged wrist.
“How…. ahhhhhh…..”  
The girl the staff introduced as Jimidy, with the bird feathers in her hair, approaches Shade.  She looks wise in her hospital slippers.  Her clothing is cut and torn out of bed sheets, but strangely fashionable.  She looks Shade over appraisingly and stands rigid looking her square in the eye.  It’s apparent it’s up to Shade to make the first move.
Shade holds her hand, palm out, and says, “How?”
Jimidy breaks into a grin and nods.  She says, “How do you do?”
“Very Good,” says Shade smiling too, “Fierce Warrior Nation Like.”  Jimidy sways to her left, to her right is another girl, shorter, dark hair, “Say Hi Daffni,” says Jimidy.
“Hi,” says Daffni.
“Best we can figure, shes seriously depressed and killed a bunch of people, and she has such a beautiful voice.”
Then she turns quickly, eyes, slits, mouth stern, “When three gather, the spirit gathers true, when the truth is gathered, the three are free to group.”  The light flickers.  Jiminy smiles, Welcome.  Welcome to our home.”

CHAPTER 33

“Locked in the cages, who are they?”
“Who, the monkeys?  I dont know all of them by name.  For experimental purposes, I’m afraid they all are going to die soon.”
“That’s.. That’s terrible!”
The pawprint on her neck begins to burn.  “What can I do to save them?”
“Besides unlock their cages and set them free back home in Africa?”
“They are on the same floor as the brains.  I have an idea.  How we can help each other.”
The guard, almost in a trance, removes his keys and unlocks the monkey’s cage door.  The monkey lumbers out stiffly, and runs across the hallway to the brain room, and begins reaching in the jars and smashing the brains located there.  One more monkey joins him, the others have already left, scheduled for their brain donor drops today.  The two monkeys, having destroyed all the brains they could, hear the girl they have a communion with calling down the hall.  They run and jump in Shades’ arms.  
Shade yells out slamming her fist against the plexiglass to the taxi driver to stop and pull over.  He yells back that its the middle of a bridge, but she already has the door open and is leaning out.  He swerves over as she jumps out, tossing him a twenty,  He complains some more as she moves onto the walkway ramp to the scenic area and enters the steel cage on the Chesapeake Bay Bridge, halfway across.
She, she has a compulsion, a mad compulsion, to jump in the bay from off the bridge.  She is familiar with this bridge from boating, there are places that developed whirlpool like currents.  Its almost as if….  I’m a….  “Fish.”  says the man shes come to know, as Mac, “but you’re not.”   She is climbing up the fence.  “You do not have to do this,” she stares out at the bay, the ocean, it looks so peaceful, “You do not have to die little one.  Enough blood has been spilt.  You are a new growth, do not carry the weight of the tree you spawned from, it lived its own life, you are free to be anything, you can do anything, anything is possible, you are so blessed, feel the love of all 100 hearts you share a communion with pump into you.”  Suddenly she has a fluttering, a stirring, and as if someone tossed the light switch on, she suddenly can see and feel the almighty Love surge through her.  She, a conduit, a conduct, channels the raw love through her from God and the planet out to stretch across the waters into the harbors of each nearby and far away heart, she is vibrating at a level of a super entity, never has she felt this much untapped mojo in her.  “You can travel to other worlds, other shores, others oceans of yoke,” says a voice not at all hers, “We can do anything.”  She is on top the bridge fence looking down, she hears some yelling from passing cars, hears a seagull squawk, the waves and wind moan and blow, smells the salty air, sees one of the most beautiful horizons of her life.  “I can do anything, I do not have to die like this.”  And without really thinking about it, she chucks the gold pocket watch out into the distance and watches as it soars and then falls and is swallowed by the sea and suddenly.. suddenly… a deep sigh of gratitude, a deep lifting, Thannnnnnk yooooou….  Says Mac, and peace, silence with her thoughts, peace, a heaviness lifted, a shroud of darkness unveiled to a new dawn of light and day, she feels, she feels free.   “What?   Why?  Am I…. on the fence… of this bridge….?” She hops down onto the bridge, and wipes a tear off her face.   She knows she will never speak to Mac again, that was his burden she dropped, she helped him carry it the last part of the journey, but that was his struggle.  Now it is over, she has a nagging thought, a last itch, a feeling, she looks in her left pocket, on a hunch, she sees numbers scrawled out, and the words “next lottery drawing winning numbers, go get a ticket”.   A parting gift from her spirit guide.  She smiles and puts the paper in her back pocket, hops down and sticks her thumb out for a ride.   

CHAPTER 34

A monkey stares out at the horizon, eating a banana.  His scars with stitches around his head and temple are healing.  He looks at his son with sad, sad eyes.  He hugs his son and he pats his son on the back, touching his face, he holds his chin up.  His son has similar scars around his head and temple.  His son, the younger monkey, looks at his father, and then he looks out at the crashing waves of the ocean, in longing, he cries out a loud moan as he, running on all fours, jumps into the sea.

THE END OF BOOK I
