


Ahed

by
Karim Aboul-Dahab


Copyright © 2013 Karim Aboul-Dahab
Published by Karim Aboul-Dhab at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Prologue
Chapter One the Way Forward
Chapter Two the Way Out
Chapter Three the Way Backwards
About Karim Aboul-Dahab
Connect with Karim Aboul-Dahab



Acknowledgements


To my Mum who taught me manners
To my Dad who tolerated me at my worst
My two brothers and sisters who I truly love
To My wife and lovely kid “yahia “
To all Syrians and to whom it may concern, I dedicate this novel



Prologue


With the Syrian crisis approaching its tenth year, the Syrian people all over the world are still suffering from a tremendous tragedy, as Syrians now constitute the largest group of refugees around the world. Firstly I decided to name my book “Syrian thoughts or insights”, However, due to the excessive use of these terms by Syrian food restaurants in Egypt, I then decided to create a unique name for a novel instead, so I decided to name my novel "Ahed", which is the name of the child around whom the events of the novel revolve, Ahed "عهد" is an Arabic name that means loyalty, guarantee, oath, affection, the characters mentioned in the novel are fictional, any similarity between the events of the story and reality is real. As I gathered my information mainly form the articles published in Syrian my website, especially the ones published via https://www.enabbaladi.net/ and https://syriauntold.com/ar/ .The novel did not address all the problems and crises that faced the Syrian brothers during the past ten years or the black decade in the modern history of Syria, so this novel is nothing but an attempt to convey the suffering of Syrian refugees in the camps.



Chapter One
The Way Forward

1

The thirtieth of December 2014, Ahed sits next to her grandfather while staring at the sky that burns with fireworks to celebrate a new year, bidding farewell to the past year with all the joys, sorrows, successes and wars that brought with it. As a five years old girl, she hardly knows the meaning of the word opposition, especially in politics. Her main fault was that her place of birth” Aleppo” had become under the control of the opposition.
This festive scene made her shiver. She no longer tolerated this kind of joke. She put both hands on her ears, so that she would not hear the sound of missiles, or perhaps she wanted to forget this sound effect, that simply reminds her of the devastation that she left in Syria, the grandfather looked at her and understood what was going on her mind, The grandfather could not contain himself from laughing, then he smiled at her, saying: Do not be afraid, my daughter.
These missiles are only for celebration. They will not cause us harm. She slipped her hand from her ears and said: Why do they use the missiles in the celebration? Aren't the same missiles that expelled us from our town, The grandfather nodded and said: These missiles do make noise but do not cause destruction. Ahed stared at him and the innocence of the children in her eyes. Then she asked him: Why didn’t they use in Syria?
The grandfather replied: Simply, because they wanted to destroy it. Ahed thought a little bit, then she asked: are they feel happy cause we have left our homes and became homeless?
The grandfather stared at the sky again and then said: My daughter, do not be tempted by the appearance of the clean contemporary civilization, which moves on the clock, and which criminalizes picking flowers or branches from public gardens, or to scratch the hair of a dog Or a cat, This civilization itself is ready to exterminate specific ethnic groups if they conflict with their interests, she couldn’t get his words, as if he was speaking to her in a different language, so she asked for clarification: Why did they demolish our house?, The grandfather then replied: They did not mean us specifically, they were looking for the key to the Levant, and our destiny was to be born in the Levant, then added: The problem is that the world today deals with humans as a census, something like inanimate objects, so they deal with the Syrian war as it will end with reconstruction And they will forget any human tragedy, Their conversation was suddenly interrupted by a screaming sound from “Lisaa”(ليساء), Aheds mother, a middle age female searching for a more meaning in her life, The grandfather looked behind him and then said: It seems that it’s your mother looking for us. Ahed looks to the right to find her mother, “Lisaa” promptly said. Why you are sitting away from the camp at this late hour, the grandfather looks at the sky and prays to the Almighty God to give him the courage to begin again and to overlook the difficulties in the new year, Lissa then sit next to her daughter and asked: Have you heard the latest news? The grandfather pretends not to care and looks in front of him in the empty space, so she continues her talk, the Syrian army fired Scud ballistic missiles at the rebel positions in Syria, and...., the grandfather interrupts her speech by saying: Why haven’t left the war and the destruction to talk about it, for God's sake, would you talk about something else.

2

Staying on Refugee camp doesn’t exactly looks like a district in a partly human life style ,on a land site of around ten acres a dark white tents scattered on a snowy ground, the tents couldn’t be distinguished by the printed numbers or the image of a mother and child, a globe, olive branches that represents the UNICEF logo, the only way to discriminate between the residents tents is the clothesline connecting the tents that strengthen the belongingness and solidarity among the camp residents, they now belong to the same tribe that struggles for life.
The grandfather woke up that morning after hearing a loud noise coming from every corner of the tent, all of a sudden he realized that his soul has been transferred from the fictitious life to the real one, then he rubbed his eyes to start his daily suffering.
Perhaps the trade-off between defecating or having breakfast, was all what matters after waking up in the morning, as the waiting time for any of them is too long, standing in line for an hour or more to urinate tells everything about their suffering, during the morning rush hour it might be better for an aging person to stay home at his tent instead, all of a sudden Lissa screamed at her daughter to catch up with the breakfast queue, the grandfather grumbles about the toughness and rigid way in dealing with her daughter, then he interrupted her with his soft voice: Good morning, Lissa, What's your problem?, she responded: nothing ,she must wake-up now to wait for our turn in the breakfast queue ,as we couldn't leave her alone in the tent.
The Grandpa gave Ahed a look of pity while her mother trying to wake her up from her floor sleeping bed, then he said: leave her asleep and do not wake her, I will sit with her until you finishes the morning queue, Lisa set out to catch her share of bread and thyme before they run out, life in the camp, has a fixed schedule for eating and drinking similar to staying at an hotel, but the only difference is the quantities of food, one of the main objectives of the camp is to avoid overeating and to maintain a healthy lifestyle ,something a five stars hotel have probably never thought about, If this could tell you just one thing is, healthy lifestyle comes first at the camp.
In a Parallel World Amal"أمل" lissas elder daughter carries her three-month-old baby, she contemplates the burial of her martyred husband, no one would recognize her after hiding her face ,through the Eyes of Sadness, drenched in grief after the farewell, Amal adieu her knight with mixed feelings.
In the beginning, perhaps her mother she was gloated today for her misfortune. The impact of her words of advice hadn’t change her decision to marry her Chechen husband, the Knight of Dreams turned to a nightmare, the fighter who came to protect her village from the forces of darkness has passed away few weeks after her mother left the battlefield in Aleppo, she left her to face her fate by herself.
As soon as the mourning ceremony ended, Amal returned to her home, scared of the unknown considering the uncertainty she and her baby, How can she help her child to cope with the civil war fears?, From now on she is the widow of the martyr ,she returned to her home and She lay down on her bed next to her baby thinking about her new life after everyone left her to face her fate alone.

3

On the other night ,A weak, exhausted body laid on bed, lissa sits next to Ahed, who suffers from Influenza ,lissa placed two pieces of clothes on Ahed's forehead to help her feel cooler or to relieve the pressure in her head ,she replaced the two pieces at successive time in the ice water bowel next to her floor bed, she soaks them for few seconds before placing them again on her inflamed forehead, Lissa whispered to her: It's okay, my love, May God bless you with healing and wellness today and a speedy recovery coming your way. You can then attend Back-to-School ,Then the grandfather, sitting next to Ahed, asked her, Are we have schools in the camp, Lissa lifts the cloth off Ahed’s forehead said: they will very soon set-up a school that teaches the kids in the camp the Turkish language to smoothly join the Turkish education school education later on.

On her unconscious, Ahed tries to speak Turkish, but her tongue couldn’t express her feelings in Turkish, she feels a severe headache, Lisa lifts Ahed's head off the pillow to put another piece of clothes to absorb the excess sweating under her head. In the next morning the grandparent walks towards Ahed's bed and said: Good morning, my daughter, how are you today, She replied: I am way better today, Where is my mom?, He answered her: Your mother went to bring the breakfast for us. Ahed moved her head on the wet pillow and said: I heard you talking about studying in the camp.
Will it be in Turkish?, He put his hand on her forehead to measure her temperature, then he said: I don't know, but your mother guesses that the study for the camp's children will be in Turkish.
She think a little bit more before saying: But I couldn’t speak Turkish, the sounds of rain outside interrupted their speak ,the Grandpa then smiled and said: you know, The Turkish language very simple, it is very similar to the Arabic language, you can start speaking Turkish right now by saying “marhaba, efendim, Teşekkürler, Çay, Kahve, Ahed then smiled and asked in an innocent way: you mean, the Turkish language is very similar to Arabic. The grandfather laughed and said, “Sure.”
Then the grandpa decided to change the conversation by saying: I am missing the raining scene in Aleppo, I missed the smell of Aleppo's coffee, I loved reading and writing while sipping my cup of coffee next to the house window, since I was a child, I used to wait impatiently for the winter to play in the snow and jog in the rain, But it seems that the rain here is going to be a bad omen for us. If the wind intensifies with the rain, we may find ourselves in the open air. Then they heard the footsteps of Lissa, who entered the tent, panting, then she said: A Life full of torment, even in getting a pair of loaves, May God hear our prayers and save us from all our troubles, then the grandfather asked her: Where are the packaged meals provided by the Turkish army?, Lissa replied unfortunately: it is not available on a daily basis, then she said: you know camp residents are amazed by the India decision to banned the New Year’s celebrations for this year as a wail for a rapped girl in India, even more hotels and nightclubs cancelled their planned celebration parties as a mourning for the soul of this girl.
Then she said: aren’t they Buddhists ,you know they still have a heart that beats with life. I wonder which religion the “shabiha” follows, when they committee crimes against civilians. Do the Arabs really care about us, have they shown any really empathy towards us, they have only been very active in debates, they genuinely didn’t care, Are they waiting for the Syrian people to be exterminated to declare mourning.

After a moment of awkward silence, lissa recalled her recent memories during the last few years, ISIS army took control over the city, her daughter chose to fight against the regime, her husband still under arrest ,all of a sudden the image of the city changed her life 360 degrees ,she could cope with all these circumstances, Then she freed her imagination toward a new country ,aiming for a more secure and stable life style, even tough she is still waiting for that moment when she can reunion back with her daughter and husband.
Lissas restless mind starts to think about her daughter future, then she talked to her father: you know ,I am really worried about the future of elder my daughter “Amal”, I wasn't convinced that her decision to marry was a good decision. What if her husband dies, she will become a widow, and if she will later get arrested like her father, Then she has to face the reception of the Syrian people to her imprisonment. As you well know Syrian society does not discriminate between prostitution and rape in this case, when the detainees released, if he was a man, then he will be treated as Hero.
On the other hand, if she is a female ,she has to face a society that despise them and doubt their morals, they simply treated them as prostitutes then she turned her words to Ahed my lovely daughter, I met “Umm Salim” today in the breakfast queue, and I agreed with her to attend remedial lessons with her son, The grandfather asked her asked about the subject, Lisa muttered and said: Oh My father, Umm Salim's husband, I think he studied law ,he will voluntarily give them Arabic lessons until they get enrolled in the camp schools. She wiped her tears and said to Ahed: I hope you will live a better life than mine.

4

Walking in the immigrants camps is not much different from walking between the cemeteries, if the children’s noise doesn’t exist on the roads, There isn't too much of a difference between living in immigrants camp and living in graveyard, The only difference is that the graves have a tombstone with the person's name, birth date, and death date written on it while the camps have different some signs and numbers that only known by residents and other charities whom may concern.
Ahed walked for ten minutes alongside her mother to reach Umm Salim’s tent, lissas talked to ahed in their way to motivate her by saying: Take these lessons seriously, because they will prepare you to enroll in the school. I don't know what the future holds but definitely education is your only way to success.
Ahed then entered yo the tent that is distinguished only by some luggage and a small white board with some words in Arabic on it. There was no real classroom, but simply a father who teaches his son Arabic lessons.
The instructor started the lesson by saying: how shall we start our lesson? Professor Osama Al-Adeeb is a relatively tall person, wearing a worn-out brown suit. He did not wear anything else among the camp’s residents in order to maintain his “prestigious” position among them, so that not to presume that he is also suffering from ignorance and poverty like them.
Actually He suffers only from poverty, He maximized his ego before standing in front of the two poor children, as if he was going to give a lecture on Arabic literature or Arab politics in the Middle East. He didn’t want to disturb the imaginary, His wife tried to get him to accept the reality but without success has a problem confusing the reality he lives with and his hopes, he doesn’t suffer from schizophrenia but probably he suffers from schizophrenia reality, his wife has been reminding every then and while that they fell to the bottom of the society, but he still dreaming of working for an international organization who defends human rights.
Being a juridical will perfectly match his qualifications. no one can defend the rights of refugees better than him, He is one of them who experienced live in conflict zones and then displacement in camps that lack the slightest degree of humanity. Osama smiled to Ahed and asks her: How old are you? Ahed responded: Four years.
Osama then said: Good, you are three years younger than Salim. have you studied Arabic before? Before she answered, he said: generally, Salim also needs to review the basic Arabic grammar rules. Do not worry. We will repeat previous lessons.
Then he asked his son: Salim say an Arabic word, before even his response he said: Think Fast, why you are too slow, then he wrote the word "immigrant" on board, then he turned his question to ahed: say an Arabic word, she tried to say a deep word to avoid any humiliation but similarly he interrupted her by writing the other word on board: refugees.
Then he turned back to them and asked: What is the difference between an immigrant and a refugee?, Salim stutters a little and then said: I think in Arabic language the word immigrants starts with a different AL and the refugees, Osama said: Well done, and he continues to say: Another difference, to make it easy, what is the difference between a Syrian refugee and a Syrian immigrant?, The two kids just stared at him in response to his question, All they know about themselves I that they are Syrians. They are yet to now the differences between these fancy words: social mobility, the old and new bourgeoisie, imperialism, because they still innocents, they believes that all Syrians are the same, and they all feel the same pain and pleasure, Syria as a country shows solidarity with any Syrian citizen ,Osama found it a good opportunity to show off then he said: According to the United Nations High Commissioner, Refugees are persons who are outside their country of origin for reasons of feared persecution, conflict, generalized violence, or other circumstances that have seriously disturbed public order and, As a result, require international protection, on the other hand an international migrant is someone who changes his or her country of usual residence, irrespective of the reason for migration or legal status.
Osama then asked them back: What do you think, are we refugees or migrants? Selim replied spontaneously to his question: obviously we are refugees, Osama smiled and: Why are you so confident? Or I mean how did you know that?, Selim promptly replied: Because the board located in front of the camp says that “refugee camp”, Osama put the pen down and said: That's enough for today's session, I just wanted to make our first lesson and introductory one!

5

In the early morning, Umm Saleem came panting to the tent, and screamed: Osama..harry up, a job opportunity that will not be compensated, Osama rubbed his eyes and then said: What is wrong with you, she breathed hard or hardly breathed then said: I have no desire to argue and debate right now, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) is looking for a for volunteers to work as instructors in the camp schools for a thousand liras per month, he think of asking whether the salary will be paid in Syrian or Turkish liras, and before he started to clarify the difference between a volunteer and an employee, she said to him: Please ,this opportunity is your future in the camp, so please do dismiss it, because you may not find another better job, Osama went out heading to the two men Wearing a cyan coat printed on it the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) logo, he approached the two men and greeted them in a soft broken Turkish by saying "Marhaba", One of the volunteers replied in a fluent Arabic: Hello, the He asked Osama if he wanted to work in the temporary education centers supervised by the organization.
Osama replied: I am a human rights lawyer and it would be a great pleasure to work alongside, the volunteer interrupted him saying: I am sorry but we are mainly looking for Arabic language and math instructors, so we are not looking for advocate right now, to put it short, All universities degrees would meet the job requirements, after this deceptive response ,Osama handed him the application form, he wasn’t delighted for the opportunity, in the end ,he would end up as a teacher for the children of the camp, a job that surely did not fit match his great ambition to become a refugee attorney.
The UNCIEF volunteer Cut off his thoughts by saying: would you please sign the application form, Osama handed it back after his signature, then he decided to ask the volunteer about the curriculums that he would teach, the he asked: excuse me, brother.
Are there any copies of the textbooks? The volunteer attached the paper to the application file and then said: would you please smile to the camera? Osama intertwined his fingers and put his hands low to maintain his prestige during the photo.
After the photo has been taken, the volunteer answered his question by saying: The same Syrian curriculum will be taught with some modifications, and the Turkish language will be taught to workers and students in coordination with the Turkish government.
To start teaching the students the Turkish language, Osama smiled and said: Will Syrian children learn Turkish, he firmly replied: Children and adults as well, as long as they study or teach in Turkey, they must learn the Turkish language, Osama smiled again, and asked: the Turkish Ministry of Education will recognize this certificate?!.
The education system will be certified by Libyan government!, Osama tried to ask him about Libya's relationship with Syria and Turkey, but he preceded him by saying: Please, we have a lot of requests that we want to receive today, thank you for your understanding.
In complete darkness interrupted by the dim light of a light bulb located in In the top middle of the tent, the family gathered around a small table to eat dinner, which was not much different from the others, Ahed started her complain: We have nothing but this food, the grandpa and Lissa didn’t have a proper answer to her complain then the grandpa decided to convince her, by saying: you know my little sweet, prophet Mohamed used to stay for months was kindled no fire knidled in his house, She couldn’t get his point then she inquired: But what is the relationship between fire and food?, The grandfather said: My little daughter, that mean he used to eat or drink nothing but dates and water for three months, Then Lissa stared at him and said: Why don’t you tell her that there are those who see that the misery we suffer in the camps is the anger of God, cause we have been committing sins and misdeeds in the camp, the features of the grandfather’s face changed and he replied angrily: “You know something, if we did die from starving, we would die from depression.
After a moment of silence ,Ahed turned to her grandfather and said :don’t be sad Papa ,the grand dad said :I am not sad, I am really disappointed like you mother, I was expecting more support or sympathy from our Arab and Muslim brothers. But as they say: Don't raise your expectations too high. It's the surest way of being disappointed.
Then he stared at her and said: I have read an article where the writer classified people during wars or turmoil in to four categories :the first of them is the one who seeks the truth and supports it, the second does not fight for a person or for a leader, and if he fights, he fights for a principle, and the third is a man who is opportunistic and lurks, and when it comes to distribute the spoils, he clearly shows up and the fourth is the most vile of them, his heart beats to see the world in such turmoil. Rather, when sedition fade, he awakens it, by stirring enmity and hatred between people through gossips and lies, and those are the most evil group ,Ahed turned back her grandpa and asked: which group we belong to ?!, The grandfather smiles and then replied: Hopefully we belongs to the first category that search for the truth and support it.
Every country has its own winter smell or scents, but the camps scents differently. Normally the night comes after the day to announce the beginning of comfort, calm and tranquility, but the rainy nights makes the camp refuges feel more feared a part of the coldness.

The grandpa decided to lessen his little granddaughter then he asked her: Do you know the story of Prophet Noah peace and pleasant upon him? She trembled and then nodded: No. then he said: When Noah - peace be upon him – invited people to worship god instead of idols, as they transgressed in the land of God, They arrogantly refused his ideas, even though he continued to call them to worship God, and left what their fathers worshiped besides God for nine hundred and fifty years among them, then he told them if they persist in disbelief, a painful punishment will come to them from God.
Most of them didn’t give too much attention to his words, and moreover they insulted him and despite all that Noah - peace be upon him - did not care about their words and their threat to him.
Afterwards he got tired of their arrogance, he resorted to his Lord, and called him to destroy them; Because of their fascism and arrogance, he asked God to save him, then the command came to Noah - peace be upon him - to build a big vessel, When he finished building the grand vessel, God's promise came true, A heavy rain flooded the town, Prophet Noah - peace be upon him – was asked to enter the vessel, along with whoever believed in his message, moreover he brought in a pair of every animal species;
To ensure the continued existence of all living organisms on earth. After the vessels carried Noah and his followers the rain intensified until it covered the whole the earth.
When the grandfather recounted the story, Ahed stared at him and naively asked: Can we have a ship like Noah’s vessel that pick us up from here? The grandfather smiled and said: If Noah’s vessel had found today it would have adhered to the racial hierarchy of Hitler, Where the European Aryans occupies the top of the pyramid followed by the Aryans from the Far East, or the inhabitants of Japan and China, and then the Arabs occupies the lower level of this pyramid. Ahed did not understand his point, all she needed was to stop shivering.

6

Ahed woke up that day, after hearing lissas loud voice: This what we really should be waiting for in this camp, thanks God ,we Still alive, they never knew they could swim here in winter, they only needed some chaise lounge chairs to spend their day by the water, Ahed dismissed her mother’s frightened voice to observe her belongings wiping over the water ,It seems that these heavy rains came to sterilize the camp from the cleanness they used to suffer, the camp land turned into muddy swamp, now the child refugees can now enjoy playing with mud instead of the snow in Aleppo, They can make houses out of mud and balls of mud instead, however they were only missing Santa Claus Reindeer Chariot that distributes the red wrapped gifts to the camp kids . Unfortunately, Santa Claus Reindeer Chariot would have stacked in this mud upon arrival.

All the camp roads leads to a fountain, a complete beauty, the camp is now known as the Venice of the Arabs, where more than 80% of the camp streets are covered by water, indeed several historians agreed that the original population of Venice consisted of refugees from Roman cities near Venice, the two of them are very similar than ever before, The only difference is that the camp is still at the initial phases to become a tourist attraction city. Oh, another difference is the muddy roads that connects the camp residents, the tents windows or actually the remained torn needs incessant efforts to repair them, at this moment Lissa shouts “Ahed “, She wanted only to assure that she is still alive, as if she is going to save her life ,on the other hand the grandpa was staring at the few floating books he successively brought from Aleppo ,maybe it was the reason to save their lives, as it was the reason why they preferred to enter turkey by road instead.
The few books he brought were reminding him of his personal library in Aleppo, he knew he is going to miss his library away from home,but he didn’t realized that he will discover nothing but mud after all, Lissa Sighted at him ,she realized his deception, so she said: May God compensate us all, oh thanks god we were humiliated but we still alive.

The grandfather feels a mixture of heartbreak and disgust in these conditions. He then contemplates whether the animals suffer like the camp residents. So he said: I wish we were like birds, if the earth narrowed us down, we would fly towards the sky.
Lesaa almost went crazy, before saying: in such circumstances, I do not have any willingness to hear words of wisdom. The grandfather went out of his tent to observe the camp misery, He turned his sight to the water barrels at the far end ,the only source of purified water inside the camp, he could hardly monitor one of the camp children’s” Burhan” while he was trying to move through the water pond in order to reach the water barrels, He then turned his sight to another kid “ballegh” who was trying pull out his floating mattress that used to cover his bed before the accident, on the other side some other adolescents were trying to warm the camp atmosphere using sticks and flint, they didn’t realize that such operation requires firstly the rains to stop, then the grandpa entered into his tent and asked a very logical question: Where are we going to sleep tonight?, Iissas looked at him and sarcastically responded: The Turkish authorities will definitely relocate the camp residents in a five star hotels at the state expense until they reshuffle the camp.

The camp residents have spent that night lying on the ground at the sky to spot stars and constellations, chilled to the bone in this cold weather ,in this conditions, Lisa grumbled, as usual, and said: don’t we have any other country that shelter us in this cold, Then she carry on speaking about her childhood: you know, I remember when I was a kid, I used to play monopoly (Monopoly - Board game classic about real-estate!) with my friends, we used to throw dice and then we found ourselves in a different city. I wish I had rolled the dice and we would find ourselves in another place.
lissa looked at them but she did not find any response or someone who shares the same illusions with her, so she decided to ask specific questions: how many countries in the world How many refugees are in the world?, the grandfather thinks of leaving her to argue with herself, however he decided to intervene, I think the number of countries is one hundred and fifty, and the number of refugees is eighty million. Lisa continued her imaginary hypothesis that will simply solves the refugees problem around the world: If the refugees were divided equally among the countries of the world, we wouldn’t have caused problem to any country!
The grandpa sarcastically responded, you have a point, I think you should have been a political leader, lissa didn’t really understand what he mean, so she asked: Did you mean this could happen, the grandpa nodded his head and said: I will give you an example, A country like Germany has received one hundred thousand refugees out of ten million, and their prime minster has been showing up every day how they backed the Syrians, and therefore every few days she intervene with a statement on the status in Syrian, furthermore you forgot that most of the countries in this world suffers from poverty, poor health and education as well, Which means assuming the sharing of refugees equally, will not solve the problem, Lisa tries to complete the argument, so she said: But not all these countries suffer from war. The grandpa looked astonished at her and said: then you prefer death because of starvation and disease to death by bullets, Lisa said: oh my God, I couldn’t imagine that other people life is worse than what we have experienced in Syria. The grandfather remains silent for a moment and then said: Because you did not experience any other life.

Sleeping under the stars is a source of inspiration and relaxation for the campers, but not if they are forced to live in a freezing temperature, Basically, it wasn't a pleasure to spend the night in an area totally covered by snow without any heating system, nonetheless the romantic candles provided the refugees with the only source of light in the darkness of the night, The grandpa prayed to god with a teeth chattering from the cold by saying “"Oh God, have mercy on those who have no refuge but yours, our Lord, have mercy on the young, the old, the poor and the needy”.
After several days, the camp residents woke up on the sound of trucks that stopped near the camp, to the sound of the transport buses. The camp residents suspected them firstly due to the colors of the trucks that looks more like police vehicles, however nothing could disheveled their life more, The Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief) IHH volunteers started to step out of the trucks . As soon as the camp residents realized, they hurried to them, everyone tried to get something to eat or to have a cover to protect him/her from the freezing weather.
The Darwinian notion of 'survival of the fittest' dominated the place,men jostled for their position at the front end of the lane, cause humans fight to achieve status and belonging, every individual was concerned with his own survival or the survival of his own family, not the survival of the group at large ,Lissa grabbed Aheds arm to stand still and to monitor the chaotic situation, after a while a big shout to the lads reduced the amount of noise emitted, one of the volunteers came out of the truck to talk to the refugees using a mega phone, a young adult man with beard, wearing glasses and a green vest jacket where the signature IHH logo situated on the left of the chest in white and the small Turkish flag printed on the other side of the vest in red, the young volunteer firmly spoke to them ,by saying ;
Each refugee will be receive an aid according to the tent number, If you didn’t abide the instructions to wait for your order, unfortunately we will end the distribution ,accordingly we will hand each refugee: a blanket, a thermal blanket, and a meal, in addition to plastic covers to use instead of the damaged tent.
Lissa received the aid on behalf of Ahed and the grandpa, the distribution process took about two hours, indeed, That day when evening came, each family stayed in a new tent, with a new blanket and a Wool bed blankets to protect them against cold weather.
In the evening, the electricity came back, and brought back part of the life they were accustomed to in Aleppo, the grandfather stared at the tea pot on coal fire that reminds him of the days he had spent hanging out with his friends, marching in the silk market or silk khan in Syria .all of a sudden, he encountered lissa by saying: I miss the perfume smell of the old bazaar at Aleppo, even having your cup of tea tastes differently over there, even if it served in the exact same way, except for the Turkish small tea glasses ,Ahed rubbed her hands and instead of asking about which teas taste better ?!, she arguably asked a very straight forward naïve question: Is it true that what we are suffering In this camp because of the sins we have committed?, the grandpa took a deep breath then responded: And so the rich didn’t commit sins, God examines us under good and hard circumstances, the signs of poverty are a test from god, then he continuously said: I will tell you a story.
It is said that the daughter of “hulagu khans “wife was walking in Baghdad and saw a group of people gathering around one of them, then she asked, what are these people up to, they said: they are gathered around an Islamic scholar then she decided to ask him so questions ;
Do you not believe in God?
He said: Yes.
She said: Do you claim that God supports you?
He said: Yes.
She said: why did God grant us victory over you? Doesn’t that mean that we are close to God than you?
He said: no.
She said: why?!
He said: Do you not know the shepherd?
She said: Yes.
He said: Doesn’t he has some dogs among his herd?
She said: Yes.
He said: What does a shepherd do if some of his sheep strayed away or went out of his control?
She said: He sends his dogs to bring him back.
He said: How long do you keep chasing a sheep?
She said: As long as she is away.
He said: so, you are simply acts like the dogs of God in his land, and as long as we remain away from his obedience, you will keep chasing us.

7

Eventually were supposed to have their usual breakfast peacefully in the morning, yet Ahed decided to break down this peaceful moments when she refused to eat, which was fair enough to drive lissa crazy on her “as usual”, lissas said: you know, not eating will make you feel nauseous ,Ahed preferred not to talk about how disgusting she normally feels in this camp, indeed the grandpa prefer to remain silent instead of repeating his previous words, so he left the task of convincing Ahed to eat to Lissa instead, Lisa whispered some words “a stubborn like your father” and then she left them to enjoy their breakfast, Ahed equally whispered her grandfather, who was busy eating his loaf of bread: grandpa, when will my father be released from prison?.
The grandpa wiped his hands in his clothes and then replied: When the war in Syria ends?! Ahed, then naively asked: and when will the war in Syria end? The grandfather laughed and said: the political analysts around the world have been looking for an answer for this question, he then realized that she still too young to realize the vital political analysts are playing in the news channels, then he decided to narrate a story instead, you know, once upon a time a girl ran towards a thief and pushed him, So he turned to her in anger and then he turned back to her and punched her, then he took out a sharp blade and slashed her soft face to be an exemplar to those who begged himself act similarly.
Afterwards the neighbors took her to the nearby hospital to heal her wounds and to blame her (Why are you doing all this to yourself), (you couldn’t fight criminals) (this kind of actions will destroy your reputation and your self-esteem), One of the fellows added, “You have lost everything ,you couldn’t catch the thief, you lost your beauty, so what was your point ?”, then the grandpa asked Ahed: Do you agree with him?, She replied innocently: The thief shall be punished girl, the grandpa added indeed ,she triggered the conscience of society. her screams and bloody face will stay for too long in the unconscious mind of the community, the girl wasn't chasing the thief, but she was chasing the goodness of her society.
So your father's weapon was nothing but a psychological weapon, which was not sufficient to annihilate injustice, but it triggers the humanity of the society ,Lisa then interrupted their conversation by saying: I didn’t want this little girl to be arrested or married to a Mujahid, for God's sake, distract her from this ideal society that never exists, I have had enough!, On the other day, Osama Al-Adeeb stood in front of the two youngsters, wearing the same uniform that distinguishes him from the rest of the camp residents, then he said: shall we start our lesson for today, Since you are not the same ages, I will choose a lesson that is easy for you to understand. Today’s lesson will discuss the difference between the noun and adjective in Arabic plural forms, In Arabic, there are two types of noun and adjective plural forms: sound (regular) plurals, and broken (irregular) plurals. Masculine sound plural nouns end in ون and feminine sound plural nouns end in ات. Sound (regular) plurals, and broken (irregular) plurals.

Then feminine words like girl, a sister, a plant shall have the normal plural feminine endings while words like friend ,tolerant, thirsty are Masculine and then ends in ون, for example: international protection, temporary protection, what do you think which one is Masculine and which one is feminine, and before they started to respond, he said :eventually the main difference between them lies in the legal basis for them both, By Law, Temporary protection is an exceptional measure to provide immediate and temporary protection to refugees during crises while international offers more permanent long term solutions for refugees, This included helping States reinforce their national protection mechanisms and ensuring that all refugees and others of concern, regardless of age, gender or background, were given the protection they needed.
In the middle of conversation, his lovely partner intervene by saying: I think it's better to focus on the lesson main topics instead, Osama stuttered as if he was answering his supervisor and said: It is important for them to know the differences as refugees.
Osama Al-Adeeb woke up in the morning to the respond to the call of his friend “Baher Sarhan,” who visits the camp from time to time to offer his help, if he can help with anything regarding the refugee’s families in Syria, so he normally convey messages from or to Syrian refugees, communication technology make it possible for you to send and receive message anytime you want but not from or to a prisoner, indeed he usually offers to buy Syrian goods that scarcely found in turkey ,he might genuinely trying to help, These refugees didn’t any other alternative way to communicate with their lost and found Syrians, Osama rapidly glanced at the broken mirror before showing up, when his friend Baher saw him, he laughed and said: I am not in a hurry, wash your face and then we can talk. Osama reentered to the tent and washed his face and returned to him back, and sarcastically said: Do you like to have your tea on the living room or the dining room, Baher laughed and said: we can better stay in the terrace.
Baher then decided to ask him about his life in the camp: How it feels?!, Osama sighed and said: I am feeling hopeless as simple as that, dumpy feeling, but finally it seems that I have a job but a temporary one ,Baher, then said: that's a great news, is it a well-paid job?, Osama responded :, uh, it is kind of charity program supported by UNICEF. Surely not the kind of job I dreamed of, but to work as an Arabic teacher might carries a noble value but I dreamed of being an attorney, as you surely know, Baher then asked him back: Sorry, So don't you think that it might have been better to stay in Syria, Osama got angry on him and said: You want me to go back to prison, Baher was astonished by his response then he said: Take it easy my friend, what is the reason behind this anger, I want to ask you question, Is Syria represents the only prison in this world ? Didn't the whole world turn into prisons?
Doesn't US intelligence run hundreds of jails around under the slogan of "fighting terrorism"? aren’t they trying to build a wall to separate them from immigrants ?,aren’t the country’s borders represents a kind of prison that we build against each other?.
Osama at him in disbelief and said: Bravo, you really mean it, you truly convinced that everything is subjective, even after we have been descend into civil war ,Baher responded in a way that strengthen his argument: life in Syria is not perfect and in this camp as well.
Osama was fed up ,then he decided to change the conversation ,by saying: I would like to ask you a favor, a friend of my wife hasn’t heard anything from her husband for a while ,he had been arrested during the revolution, I would be grateful if you could establish any contact with him, Baher simply responded: money talks, to get you any information you have to pay for it ,not for me but for the agent, Osama said: what is the asking price?!, Baher said: it is not an asking per say, Usually you pay $1000 for acquiring and $4000 to release him ,Osama looked amused and said: and these fees include taxes and delivery, Baher insisted: I am just a messenger ,nothing more, i am not making money from it, Osama said: I'm sorry, I didn't mean it, I am just wondering how they will manage to afford.
In the evening, Lisa had her tea with the grandpa and Ahed, and she remembered her tea time in Aleppo, when she used to have her tea every night on the balcony with her husband and her eldest daughter “Amal”, then she decided to ask her dad a relevant question: Dad, What do you miss most about your life in Syria ,and before he answers, she confronted him: as for me, I really miss having my cup of tea on the balcony, oh dear oh dear, when we used to have a house and a balcony, thanks God, now we lives in a huge balcony, the grandfather remained silent while he was listening to her, then he said: may you stop providing us with positive energy, Lissa was really triggered by her dad respond, then she said: would you mind advising me, from where I can get I project positive energy in this camp ,okay, I will be positive instead, what do you think of the luxury life style in this camp, or we shall act as a tourists in the land of god ,the grandpa got fed-up with her conversation, then he said: why don’t you change the conversation.
The Grandpa decided to stop the flow of negative energy ,so he asked his daughter: what is the thing you missed most from Alippo ,Lissa blow out and said: I definitely miss my family, my husband, my elder daughter, then she asked him back ,and what about you, what do you miss most from Aleppo?, He spontaneously replied: my library, Lissa laughed loudly and said: Sure you’re kidding, I mean, you would rather stayed in war alongside your library, I think if they found this library, they will better use these papers to wrap sandwiches or to wipe dirt instead, reading is a pleasure that you can really enjoy during peace, but in war it doesn't owe value.
The grandpa know by heart that he will not convince her, however he pleasantly said :libraries simply serve humanity ,if you insist that it doesn’t have any role during wars, but afterwards the details of wars and the biographies of the knights are documented in these libraries ,it isn’t because I am a book warm, but aside from the history of human wars ,any real civilization value the role of libraries in promoting their societies, shortly the only way to stay a life forever is to write a book.

Lissa starred at him and said: I know that I was born under an unlucky star, you know something, a friend of mine her husband speaks exactly like you, he believe that he will be so rich ,if he could work as a researcher, then she continued he words by saying :believe me these books are priceless but not to who suffers from poverty, the ones whom really enjoy reading are normally the publishers cause they profit form but other than this ,the writers or the followers normally don’t make money from it ,you know my friends husband reminds me of my husband, They are dreamers, they are not so real . They dreamed of a better future but they couldn’t realize the existing reality, we were meant to be poor, the poor people always have to pay more during peace or war, The grandpa whispered: why your brain is so materialistic, Lisa laughed and said: yes I am, cause I really enjoy this luxury life style, then she continually said :I am the one who suffered most from these idealistic theories, I missed my daughter and my husband cause they believe in an idealistic society that never exist.

Lissa then decided to change the way of the conversation by saying: I want to talk to you about something very important to me, my friend told me that: I can have some information regarding my husband conditions, whether he is still alive r not !, in return for a certain sum of money ,the grandpa sips his cup of tea and waited for her to say the required amount they shall pay to inquire about her husband, then he said: what is the asking price, Lissa struggled at first, then she said: one thousand dollars for info and another four thousands for delivery, the grandpa spontaneously asked: and this price includes the value add taxes and delivery charges ,lissa in a frustrated way replied: I’m not in the mood for jokes, this is our only way to gather again.
The grandfather starred at her and skeptically said: How can we trust those intermediaries, or in other words, do we really have this amount of money?!, lissa pretend to think little bit before suggesting: Why don't you sell your historical mosaic paintings? aren't they worth money, the grandpa suddenly changed his tone and firmly replied: you are asking me to sell our history, These paintings are part of our heritage, we shall be proud of instead, lissa tried again to convince him by saying: and we are proud of our history, that’s why we won’t sell it cheap, to put it short: we shall left our history behind and look forward ,the grandpa couldn’t accept her idea and after a moment of silence, lissa stands up and said: think about it, good night.
The grandpa afterwards looked to his granddaughter and said: do you agree with your mother!?, Ahed barely nodded, then he asked again: don’t you miss him, Ahed naively replied: I haven’t seen him yet, he continually said :if you have the chance to return back to home, take care of my library, It contains rare books, I don’t care what your mom thinks, but it’s of a real value, you know when Mongol conquered Baghdad, they destroyed mosques, palaces, libraries, and hospitals. Priceless books from Baghdad's thirty-six public libraries were torn apart, the looters using their leather covers as sandals.
The House of Wisdom (the Grand Library of Baghdad), containing countless precious historical documents and books on subjects ranging from medicine to astronomy, was destroyed. Claims have been made that the Tigris ran red from the blood of the scientists and philosophers killed, the destroyed house of wisdom in Bagdad used to have the largest selection of books in the world by the middle of the 9th century, you should be proud of your history.
As the weather gets colder, Ahed and her grandpa couldn’t stay longer outside their tent, then they decided to go inside to get some warm, ahed asked her grandpa before going to bed ; when will schools start ? Enter entered the tent with her grandfather, so I asked him before she went to sleep, When will school start?, the grandfather replied ,very soon, I think, since they received the instructors applications, Ahed still couldn’t imagine that she will learn in Turkish, then she asked her grandpa, Why don't the Turkish people speaks Arabic?, The grandpa laughed and said: Because ,simply They are not Arabs ,would you listen to their story, Ahed nodded her head “yes”, the grandfather said: “Banu Umayyah” was one of the great Islamic empires, they ruled the Islamic world for a long time (661 AD to 750 AD), during their sovereignty ,They were very loyal to the Arab Ethnicity, so, they ruled out any other ethnic group from being in charge, then afterwards, during the era of the “Abbasid “caliphate, one of their kings named “ al-Mu'tasim “didn’t trust too much the Arab soldiers, maybe because of the successive turbulence they made, some others claimed that his mother was Turkish, anyway he decided to acquire Turkish soldiers instead, he brought them from Asia ,these Turkish soldiers were very strong and brave, although they were mostly illiterate, few years later, they weren’t only the king private guards, moreover they had full command over the army, then the Arabs protested one day to the king “al khalifa” to change his policy, he simply asked the protesters, how will you fight me without weapons ?!, They said: We will fight you with the magic arrows. He said: What are the magic arrows? They said: We will pray to god. Al-Mu'tasim replied: so, I won’t survive, Ahed starred at her grandpa and asked: and what happened then ?!, the grandfather replied, after his death, the Turkish remained in charge.

8

Late in the night., Ahed pulled the sheets during her sleep, she was stressfully moving her legs, As if she was trying to escape from danger, she was hearing explosion and witnessing smoke emanating from the school near her house in Aleppo, she rushed out towards the school to closely observe, as soon as she reached the sound source, she found dead bodies and wounded children’s scattered everywhere, In the same instance ,the parents were searching for their beloved children’s among the victims, the fluidity of blood dominated the scene, Ahed woke up feeling irritated, and then shouted out loudly, calling for lissa to save her, as usual Lissa woke up frightened by her daughter, she hurried up towards her cot to calm her down, Lissa grasped her and softly said: oh my God, what happened ?!, is it the same nightmare, Ahed nodded her head and said: I heard explosions and I have seen smoke near our house in Aleppo. Lissa smiled and spontaneously said :, this simply means that you will get married after falling in, Then Ahed stared at her with eyes filled with tears and asked: I mean, so this is not a nightmare, Lissa smiled again and said :sure, this is a Sign that Something good is going to Happen, trust me: just try to erase your bad memories.
Lisa woke up in the next morning, having a new mission to accomplish ,she carried the empty gallon towards the water tanks ,she felt the need for assistance to carry this heavy task comfortably, instead, she even missed chasing her husband with her opposite opinions, however, it wasn’t the right time for imagination, or for recalling memories, Indeed, she still have to prepare breakfast for ahed and her father, so, it’s time to stay focused in reality ,she hardly carried the partially filled 20 liters gallon back to the tent, one of the camp residents offered assistance in her way back ,which lifted off some of her obstacles before returning to her tenet ,lissa joyfully prepared the breakfast before calling ahed and her dad to wake up to have their breakfast, as for today, Lissa tried a new way to convince Ahed to have her breakfast, so she decide to talk to her about food nutrition, You know, my sweetie, studies showed that people who do not eat breakfast are more likely to starve. Ahed genuinely asked: what does starve means?!
Lissa responded: to die from lack of food, you now sweetie, you should eat to get enough Vitamins and proteins, Ahed asked her once again: what are the differences between proteins and vitamins?!, Lisa was fed-up with her continuous resistance, then she stand up and said: I really don’t know, all I really know, if you do not eat, you will get sick, do whichever suits you.
In the evening, the three of them stayed outside the tent to listen to BBC Arabic radio news. The main theme of the news was the outcomes of the 141st session of the Arab summit held in Kuwait, the Arab league discussed the way forward to resolve the Syrian crisis, The Arab committee strongly condemned the current situation in Syria, Calling on all the parties to abide by international humanitarian law to safe Syria, the session concluded its work in conflict on who should represent Syria in the Arab league.
Lisa raised her voice to disrupt their listening .lissa asserted, they only Care about Syria’s vacant seat in the Arab League, and who sits on that chair, and all of a sudden, our problems will be resolved ,she then hardly said “the devastation and destruction of Syria doesn’t really matter, she continually said: oh my word, what is the idea behind following this news, the grandfather then intervene to say: so why shall we follow the ISIS statements regarding their expansion in the Syrian land, I know “the news isn't there to tell you what happened. It's there to tell you what it wants you to hear or what it thinks you want to hear, so either to hear them all or to condemn them all, lissa responded: you know I am really afraid of being treated like Palestinians, we have been hearing similar statements from the Arab league regarding the Palestinian issue, so do not expect them to find a solution to the war in Syria.
The granddad tried to calm her daughter down, then he said: I am not defending the Arab position, but with all these interventions in the Syrian issue, so why don’t they intervene ,as well, this war frankly reminds me of a football match final between two Arab sides, no matter who wins the match, an Arabic team will lift the trophy by the end, so the winner and loser are both Arabs, the killers and victims in our case are Arab, so congratulations for us all, as we have certainly belongs to the winner and loser sides, Lisa spontaneously interrupt him, saying :I am not sure what you meant, what I really mean, that we have just turned to be the Arab world third or fourth major issue, after the Palestinian, Iraqi, Libyan, etc., issues.

At the night, Ahed went back to her Sleep anxiety, with some abnormal movement to the left and right, she recalled the attempt of a Syrian family to escape from Syrian war across the Turkish boarders, She was monitoring the group leader orders ; no one is allowed to turn on a torch or even a cigarette in this complete darkness, he firmly insisted “ you shall follow my orders to avoid being arrested or shot by the Turkish Gendarmerie’s (coast guards), the families were trying to control the children’s fear and the excessive crying babies during that night, when they reached the boarders ,the kids regularly whispered to their parents ,asking ,whether they have been through ,so they can speak loudly, the smuggler shouted on them instead to maintain their silence, they kept walking for another 300 meters across the tress, until one of the babies decided to cry loudly which triggered the Turkish gendarmerie’s to haphazardly direct their gun fire towards the source of noise, the shotgun turned the organized escape in to a complete chaos, where everyone was trying to escape from the gun fire, ahed witnessed one of the escapers “um Kaheld “ that was holding her child’s hands to escape from fire, however the aimless fire killed her two kids and left her in a complete misery.
Ahed wake up screaming at her mother, Lisa wake up frightened in response to her voice, then Lissa hugged her little daughter and asked: oh my god, what's wrong with you?, ahed responded in a voice full of anxious: I have seen two of our neighbors kids assassinated by the Turkish coast guards, Lisa hugged her and said: god bless you my little loves, don’t be afraid ,it is a good sign, you know, Seeing a dead child in a dream means that you are starting a new life, which will carry many good things for you. And that is what will definitely happens, Ahed naively looked at her mother and asked: I shouldn't worry?
Lisa directly responded: absolutely, just pray for god to save you from your enemies and their evil ways.
Osama the writer was lying on the tent floor, reviewing some references to prepare a research article that will clearly convey the misery of the Syrian refugees to the whole world, he started by setting the paper framework, that shall include first an introduction ,main definition’s, literature review ,the research problem, followed by analysis and conclusion, it might be little bit boring to follow this sequence in approaching a clear misery the refugees, but he shall adhere to this structure if he want to present his message in an international conference ,in this manner, he was looking first for the basic definitions of human rights, the rights of refugees, the difference between a refugee and an immigrant, however his lovely wife “um-salim” intervened to disturb him or return him back to his real life, she suddenly asked: have you found a new job, you seems like your returning to a judicial position, Osama delightfully responded: kind of ,I mean it’s a prosecution with a scientific nature, um salim asked again: sorry but I couldn’t get what you mean, Osama responded back: I mean, I am preparing research paper that will be presented in an international conference, to raise awareness of the challenges facing the Syrian refugees, um salim wasn’t very much convinced about his work then she asked what’s the name of this conference: the Syrian refugees desired and real status, um salim smiled and said :what a musical name, I think it should be named Osama desired and real status instead, Osama angry replied: why you are only trying to disappoint me ,I am trying to teel our message to the whole world.

Umm Selim took a deep breath then said: Do you still think that we live in an ideal world and they don’t know about our sufferings, Osama looked at her and decided to lecture her instead of being real, so he said :do you what do Anthropology means ?, Certainly, no, Anthropology, it is a branch of science that investigates the role of social life, the patterns of social activity, violence and conflict; to have a clear interpretation to human behavior.
Many researchers around the world publish research papers relevant to this topic, so very research shed light on the problem of Syrian refugees, so my real fault is I have been trying to raise awareness of our problem via research, his wife exhales and said: so these elite topic known only by few researches would raise the awareness of the Syrian refugees, what I am very sure of that none of these elite researchers lives in a camp, so don’t waste your time.

9

Eid al-Fitr, known as 'the festival of breaking the fast' marks the end of a month of fasting in Ramadan. It is usually a time when family and friends get together in the whole Islamic world and in Syria as well ,Amal Lisa’s elder or older daughter took her little kid in a walk in the streets of Aleppo, the children’s were screaming as a part of their play, actually they weren’t playing Cops And Robbers or Hide and Seek, they were rather playing Aleppo is under attack, so she was Cleary hearing these "Protect my back", "The area is safe", I have run out of ammunition, wasn’t very pleasant but they have got used to it ,the three years old kid directed her mother to a street seller or vendor who is selling some plastic weapons, Amal got closer to a seven years old disabled kid, she encountered him by asking: does it hurt, the kid didn’t respond to her question directly, he pulled out one of the plastic machine guns and started shooting the small plastic balls to the air, then he turned back to frankly responded to her question: it will only hurt, if it was intentionally directed to the eyeball, Amal took the plastic weapon her lovely child was trying to use and searched for another way to celebrate her holiday.
After days of discussion between Lissa and the grandfather about the real value of his ancestors paints, he was partially convinced to sell his history to save the family future, as he concluded ,so on that day, he has just decided to put everything behind for the sake of his daughter and granddaughter, these Mosaic paints were the only evidence of his noble roots, a part from the significance of these paints, they were up to a very long day, they will probably spend the whole in transportation to reach their destiny, it normally takes about 18 yours to travel from Gaziantep to Istanbul ,they couldn’t afford another more convenient mean of transportation ,when it comes to cost, the public transportation is very efficient, anyway they have reached their destiny “Arasta Bazaar” by the night, located in the heart of the city, the tidy market street takes you back to the old days of the ottoman empire, this market used to resemble the economic strength of the ottoman empire, similar to the wall street now a days, or the oxford street in the united kingdom.

The grandpa and Ahed were walking side by side on the old streets of the bazar with mixed feelings, the same place reminds the grandpa of the good old days in Aleppo, while it resembles with war, misery ,chaos, and sufferings in the little kid mind ,it is a kind of generation gap between them both, anyway the grandpa tried to get acquainted with the people, so he started to say hello in Turkish or Arabic sounds same, Then he realized back that they couldn’t interpret his question in Arabic, he continued his walk along with his try and error technique until he met one of the Syrian Turkish or Turkish Syrian who directed them to one of the bazars who could be interested in their items and could negotiate with them in Arabic as well.
The grandpa and Ahed starred the souvenir shop façade, they waited for the merchant to end his negotiation with one of the clients ,Ahed was attracted to the souvenir plates painted with colorful flowers, while the grandpa was rather to the traditional arts and paintings, grandpa hold one of the painted plats for a famous Turkish sultan, Suleiman I ) Suleiman the Magnificent( ,Sultan Suleiman was named the magnificent for his trustworthy not only for his victories, the shop owner intervened the grandpa imagination with his simple question ,how can I help you ?!, the grandpa was so tired even to answer back, then the merchant asked back, Do you like it ?!, the grandpa answer, sure, I admired it, how much does it cost ?, the buyer answered back: around $200 but I can sell it for a $50 less, as its your first visit to the store, and it seems like this is your first visit to Istanbul, the grandpa answered: I would have liked to buy but I really don’t have money to pay for such nice piece of art, I am not visiting as a tourist but as an immigrant from Syria, we are located in Gazi, I don’t know if you heard of it, the merchant realized that he isn’t going to pay for it ,rather he might ask for money, then he said: I have heard some news in the media, but I am not following too much politics ,anyway how can I help you, the grandpa spontaneously replied: nothing, I think it’s too late, we have to return back before the mid night.
The grandpa walked toward the nearest bus station as if he only came to visit Istanbul grand bazar, the merchant realized that he left his paintings behind, then, he carried the paintings and tried to catch up the grandpa and Ahed before leaving the place ,once he reached then he called the grandpa: excuse me sir, I think you have left these paintings behind, the grandpa received his painting and said: actually that’s why I visited your store today, he lifted out the mosaic painting to show it the merchant, the merchant wear his eye glasses to probably evaluate the paintings, he accidently said: this is a true treasure and should be placed in a museum not in a gift shop, then he strictly insisted, I can’t buy it from you and I don’t trade on this items, then he realized that the grandpa isn’t very well aware of the consequences of this act, then he said, I mean this is illegal trade and I will advise you to contact the tourist authority to inform you of the right process, the grandpa disappointedly, said: thank you ,we really broke, we need money to unite a small family, I will really appreciate your help.
The merchant offered the grandpa a new offer by saying, you know, I know some good Turkish people who can lend you the required amount without any interest, the grandpa simply asked: and how I shall payback, the merchant said :It’s not like a bank loan, you will work in a small project in return for this amount, the loan will include a small tailor machine that will help you to pay the required debt, the grandpa took a deep breath and said: but I never tried a tailor machine, the merchant smiled and said :every woman has a basic knowledge of the sewing machine, don’t worry, we will start with some basic textiles like these flags, he pointed to some of the Turkish and European flags he is selling in the store, don’t worry, just think of it, the grandpa took his treasures back and notice that there is still a long way ahead.
Every morning is a new beginning, a new queue begins, they had no choice but to wait, they got used to the long hours they spend waiting for their turn to get the required food that keeps them alive, Lisa and her good friend “Umm Saleem” heard young men screaming “it would have been better, if we have suffered death under the fire of war rather than fight for life, Lissa chattered to his friend “it seems to be long wait today, who is standing behind her, said: It seems that we will wait a long time today, before they hear loud, violent shouts from young men.
The camp, death there under the bombardment of planes or the bullets of the army or other armed men was more merciful than this humiliation.
Lisa whispered “of all the things I have lost I miss my mind the most”, then she said: even my little girl has lost her mind, Um Salim responded :my little darling, what’s wrong with her.

Lisa tried to simplify the image, then she responded to Um salim: I don’t know ,but recently ,she has been having nightmares, I don't know, I'm really worried about her mental health, She witnessed the civil war in her early days, afterwards she came to live in this camp, she still a little girl, I understand her sufferings but her nightmares is a mix between real and virtual experience, Um Salim deeply breathed, then said :don’t worry ,she will be fine ,and then living in the camp, my little kid used to have some different attitude when we first came to this camp, Lissa interrupted her by saying: you know, aside from the nightmares, she used to be more active before, she used to play alongside the kids without any worries, now she has become gloomy, she puts her hands on her face every morning, she spends long times thinking, as if she is thinking of the war.
Umm Selim asks her: have you asked her?, Lissa responded: actually, no, I know she is suffering but I can’t do anything for her, if I can provide an advice, you'd better go to see a doctor, Lissa simply asked: do we have doctors in this camp ?, Umm salim said: surely, they don’t stay in the camp, she came to visit every now and then, to make sure that we still alive.
As the spring season approaches, the family members wanted to go outside, actually it wasn’t very different from inside in terms of the weather conditions but to be able to freely breath fresh air, the grandpa remained on his broken chair ,starring to the romantic moon, however Lissa decided to turn on the radio to add more romance to the scene, the BBC radio channel were broadcasting the following news “Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi, the leader of the “Islamic State” called himself “the king of the Muslims, henceforth, Abu Bakr called on Muslims to obey him, according the video recording that was filmed in the Great Mosque in Iraq.
Al-Baghdadi called in the prayers in the Friday speech to obey him as he obeys god, then he “God commanded us to fight his enemies to establish the kingdom of god, he continued his words by saying: I have been chosen for this matter and I am not the best to carry out this responsibility, it’s such an honor and privilege to be in this position, I will do my best to serve the Muslim people all over the world.

Lisa then asked her dad: shall we obey him?, The grandfather remained silent for a moment, then said: sure, finally, we have a Muslims Caliph right now, and the rulers of Islamic countries shall follow his orders, Lisa said: “I am not joking.”
The grandfather said: What do you expect me to say, if he anyone claim to be the Muslims Caliph, then we shall rightly trust him ,it’s simply a complete nonsense, Lisa said: I mean, he is going to fight for that, the grandfather said: sure, and that is why we left them fighting behind.

10

The Imam delivered his speech to the prayers, the topic of the day was about “Good deeds”, his speeches them by saying: Turkish people and Syrians have always been good brothers, we are very sorry for what we read in the newspapers about the murder of a Turkish citizen in a fight with one of the Syrians residence in Gaziantep.
We really appreciate the Turkish government efforts to provide relief, education and health services to Syrian refugees, in this regard, We applaud the Turkish government efforts to reunion the Syrian families, who have been restricted by laws and procedures from obtaining an entry visa to meet their beloved ones in turkey.
Finally the distress and the difficult circumstances might encouraged some Syrians to violate the rules ,which we didn’t accept or support or tolerate ,We ask God to purify our hearts and grant us contentment after judgment.
After praying el Jumah, some boys were distributing an announcement to the prayers, leaflets to the worshipers, Osama Al-Adeeb received the small sheet distributed and started to read it “ in accordance with the letter of( 9531_010.06.010_99389608) dated on the Directorate of Immigration the of April 2015, the state of Gaziantep calls all the Syrians residing in Gaziantep to register and update their information in the designated registry (Al-Afad) before the 30th of December 20215, in order to provide the Syrian refugees residing in Turkey with the required aid, an updated information will assure the providence of health, educational, and social services for all Syrian refugees, After reading the document, Osama Al-Adeeb turned to his friend “Baher Sarhan,” and asked: aren’t they already have this data ?, his friend simply responded: what do you mean by they, Osama said: the Turkish government ,I mean the High Commissioner for Refugees or through the coast guards?, Baher Sarhan laughed and said: Do governments normally blame themselves?, Then he said: I think the imam exaggerated little bit in his praise for the Turkish government, as if we did not have a state to protect us. Osama laughed back and said: a state, which one of them, its four years now since we have left and things are getting worse.
Baher said in frustrated way: I think life in Syria is stabilizing back, and that’s why we are having a new Parliament in the next few weeks, Osama said: WOW, you really believe in what you are saying, Baher spontaneously replied: surely convinced and that is why I decided to join the Social Democratic Socialist Party.
Osama said: so, that’s all what we need, some new political parties and a new Parliament, and congratulations we made a step forward, Baher said: may I ask you question, why don’t you return back to live in Syria, Osama said: you know if I returned back, I will work as baker instead of a politician, baher asked back: then you work as a politician in this camp, Osama turned the conversation to the grandpa by saying: this old man want to unite his scattered family, we really appreciate your help in this matter, baher frankly said: save money and money will save you, I really don’t make money from that, you may ask any other intermediaries, if you don’t trust me, Osama intervened: we surely trust you but you know, how hard is to make money in this camp, if you could just get us a better deal, Baher said: I will let you know.
After a lot of discussion, Lissa eventually decided to take the Turkish merchant loan, she wasn’t very sure of the payback or the consequences, but she has nothing to lose ,few weeks later the grandpa visited back Istanbul with his two fellows, He was sitting between his little daughter and his granddaughter on the negotiation table alongside the loan provider MR “Emir Epek”, the Turkish good guy who will provide debtor with the amount of money, In return for small simple services, as part of the loan formalities, the loaner distributed the paychecks required to initiate, the grandpa picked one of the paychecks and started to read the loan conditions, Contrarily lissa was immediately signing all the required paper, the grandpa was terrified with the stated conditions ,although it was the normal conditions that entails to protect the loaners in case of not receiving the required installments in time, The grandpa tried to stop the signing machine next to him by saying “have you read the loan conditions “, She promptly replied: I don’t care, I have nothing to lose, seems like the only way to get out of the camp or to reunion our small families, the grandpa got a little bit nervous “ if couldn’t pay the required installment ,you risk going to jail, lissa picked up the last paper on hand and signed it as well, although MR “Emir Epek” couldn’t get all their words, however he understands the grandpa fears, anyway after a couple of minutes, everything was done and finished, lissa tried to calm down her father afterwards by saying “aren’t we lives in jail “, the grandpa replied “then who will take care of your child “, she simply replied god will protect her.
In another context, in the Syrian territory, General "Basim Abu Shanab" was lying calmly on his back on a comfortable sofa within his office, the office design was perfectly design to provide the required relaxation that increases the productivity of your employees, the general was completely absorbed in his smoking vape and the endless Facebook feeds, the door knocking sound disturbed his relaxation mode, general Basim stood up and called them to enter, Sergeant Jassem entered the room alongside the prisoner, the general pretended to be involved of some of the documented distributed on his table, After a few waiting minutes, the general directed his question to lissas husband “Baher Ghadban “, you must be wondering why you are here today? They remained silent before Baher said: I responded to the sergeant call, the general stands up and sarcastically said: we just wanted to say that it has been such a great honor to have you staying with us, we are sorry to make an appointment prior to your call ,then he shouted on him: we don’t have time to waste with you, so please respond clearly to my questions, the prisoner directly respond: yes sir.
Then the general directly asked, What do you confess? Baher directly confessed: I took part of the recent protests, I mean since January year 2011, the general wasn’t convinced with his answer, so he shouted back: what’s your relationship with ISIS and the Syrian opposition army, Baher shakily responded: I have nothing to do with them.
The general demonstrated his anger before saying: Hmm, it seems that you still need time to think about it, and that why we will let you decided, then he called the sergeant to take him to what they call the ghost room ,the sergeant attracted him hard from his left shoulder and directed him out of the room, in their way to the designated room ,he whispered to his prisoner by saying, "I hope you will enjoy it ." A few steps separate the ghost room from the director general room. the sergeant tided his two hands to the top of the door so that the tips of his toes touch the ground, and to carry weight of his body on his hands, sergeant simply opened and closed the door every few minutes as an endurance training for his muscles, after an hour of suffering the sergeant finally heard the prisoner exhausted sound saying “ I will confess about everything “, the sergeant pulled him back to the director general room and told the directed general “he is ready to confess now “ the director general returned back to him with the same simple question :”what do you confess “, Baher responded promptly: I am part of the ISIS and the opposition army and I took part of the armed protesting against the Syrian regime, the director general finally smiled and said: that’s it, you can know return peacefully to your prison !.
In the next morning, Umm Selim stood in front of lissas tent calling for her to rapidly get out, actually She was a sleep, she was lucky enough to spend her last night having a quiet sleep without Ahed disturbance, Umm Selim called loudly this time to wake her urgently . lissa finally came out to respond to her call, and asked: what's going on,, Umm Selim promptly responded: some outsiders are calling you to receive some packages, Lisa muttered: they must be delivering the swing machine, Then she entered the tent and called Ahed: “Stay in the tent with your grandfather until I return back, Then she accompanied her friend to receive the delivered items, they walked for around 500 meters before reaching the waiting truck, in front of the DAF truck a forty year old man was smoking while waiting for them to arrive, before throwing the cigarettes as soon as they approaches him, he opened the back door of the truck, and asked them in Turkish, "Will you be able to carry the boxes alone?, he then quikly realized that they couldn’t understand Turkish, so he said “tamam.”, he handed them firstly the boxes containing the necessary sewing tools ,and pointed out to the truck to convey a message that they still have more boxes to carry ,on their way to lissas tent, Umm Salim asked her about the delivered boxes ,lissa simply replied, “if you would know the value of money try to borrow some, Umm Selim couldn’t get it, then she asked, Excuse me, what do you mean ?, Lisa clearly admitted: I borrowed a sum of five thousand dollars as a part of tailor job in order to pay the release fees of my arrested husband.
Umm Salim stayed silent for a while, then asked: But you do not know how to sew. Umm Salim replied: I have a little observed knowledge from my mother, she used to tailor, Umm Salim wasn’t very convinced with her response then she asked back: mind me, but aren’t you afraid from failure, if you couldn’t pay your debit, the lender has the right to place you in jail, Lissa responded with a complete upset: surely I am very well aware of the consequences, indeed ,I am more afraid of this project than you, but this is the only available way to release my husband ,indeed staying in prison wouldn’t be less cozy than living in this camp.
I will really miss my lovely daughter and my father, I am sure you will take care of them in my absence, Umm Salim tried to calm her down by saying: god bless you, don’t worry about Ahed and your data, everything is going to be okay, They return back to the truck man who removed the dusts from the remained boxes before handing them the remained three boxes, then he asked lissa to sign the required papers to end the process. Lisa signed the receipt and started her way back, to start a new chapter that will either solve her problem or make it more complicated.



Chapter Two
The Way Out

11

Before sunset, Salim, the little neighbor’s boy was playing with a kite, contemplating its movement as it drift to the left and to the right. Until he got blocked with a huge body that he certainly knows, he moved his head up to watch his mother tempered face, he had no other choice but to absorb her irrational nerves, when she said: Why you are playing outside the tent without permission, she grabbed him back to their lovely tent and shouted at her busy husband: don’t you dare?! Leaving your son playing freely in the outdoor, aren’t you responsible for him. her husband calmly responded: how can he ride a kite inside the tent, she stressfully continued her argument: This boy is losing his mind when he rides this kite, he kept moving after it insanely, I found him at the end of the camp, what if he crossed the road after it and got crashed by a truck, he simply responded: don’t you understand his feelings, he still a kid and he needs to enjoy his childhood and I couldn’t prevent him from that ,then he stands up and said, let me have a talk with him, in their walk outside the tent, Osama tried to recognize his son feeling by saying: I can understand your frustration, your mother just cares about you, everything happened must have made her unsecured, you know even I might have conflicts with your mother, we couldn’t agree on everything ,you know, I follow the scientific thinking while she follows the materialistic thinking, he looked at his son to read his facial expression before saying: I mean I believe more in science and I appreciate the role of science in the development of societies, on the other hand: she don’t care about all these methodologies if don’t make money, I believe that to get rich doesn’t mean to get developed, that why many very rich countries aren’t developed and the same applies for the people, then he returned to his main subject: I mean, don’t bother yourself with all these details ,I just wanted to tell you: peace begins with tolerance and respect for everyone.

On the day after Lissa started her new duty, with the assistance of Ahed, she started to open the delivered boxes, Ahed was simply wiping the dust from box items, seems it has been stocked for so long ,it has also been so long since Lissa was observing her mom as kid spending her leisure time tailoring some stuff,  it seems like the sewing machine doesn’t follow the technological development, it still has its traditions and its unique experience that technology couldn’t replace, moreover it used to be a crucial part of the bride furniture for the lay people in Syria, similar to the existence of the piano in the houses of the Syrian middle class, indeed ,this tailor machine reminds her of the good old days of her marriage ,she remembered the first time she met her mother-in-law, when she came to inspect her in the local market, while she was pretending to make some shopping, After going through the toughest examination ,She freely invited the groom's family to her house to formalize the deal ,after recalling these memories ,Lissa then whispered time flies but memories last forever.
Before he go to sleep Salim asked his mother an obvious question, what is the difference between the country and the nation, his mother” Umm Salim” simply responded: in our case, Syria is the nation and Turkey is the country, Salim then naively asked: Syria is not a country, Umm Salim smiled and said: oh my son, you speaks the wisdom, then she directed her words to her husband who were busy in preparing a research paper by saying: what do you think ?, he barely responded by saying: what was his question, she recalled his question: the difference between the country and the nation?!,he then deeply responded: The nation isn’t only the homeland, or a piece of land that you simply buy or sell, it’s our fathers land that holds our history, it’s our connection to our ancestors roots ,the nation represent our deep value than differentiate us from other nations, Um Salim interrupted him by saying: the little boy was asking a simple question not an essay, she then returned back to her kid by saying :that’s true, Syria is the homeland and Turkey is our country of residence.
During the next the evening, the camp residents gathered around the television screen to listen to the breaking news ,the news reporters were referring the alliance established between e United States, Bahrain, Jordan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates to attack the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, the news reporters continued by saying: that the united states has already started its attacks on the Islamic state locations in in Iraq and Syria, the United States also announced that they were attacked by some Islamic groups located in Syria, in response to that, The US military decided to strike against rebel forces in Aleppo. Lieutenant General William Mayville spoke to reporters about previous night attacks against ISIS* and Khorasan targets in Syria. He admitted that the decision to conduct these strikes was made yesterday by the U.S. Central Command commander under authorization granted him by the commander-in-chief.
These strikes were taken as part of the president's comprehensive strategy to degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL and to protect the United States and its partners.
The grandfather stood up and asked Lisa and Ahed to leave, lissa arguably said: Why don’t we continue watching the news?, the moved his wooden stick forward and said: I am going to leave, if you want to stay ,it’s up to you, He leaned on the ground, then he told to his granddaughter and said: it’s for her to sleep, ! Lisa left the place with them and said :, we should know what is happening in Syria. The grandfather pretend not to pay any attention to her until they reached their tent, then he asked ahed to go to sleep . Ahed asked her grandfather: to tell her a story!, The grandfather apologize: Would you mind if I told you a very nice story tomorrow morning, the little girl just smiled and said :okay.

Ahed closed her eyes to go to sleep, she heard a noise surrounding Azem Palace in Damascus in Syria, Amiddle-aged man with a long mustache was standing in front of the great palace, he was wearing the gendarmerie black suit ,the major general was shouting in the soldiers by, saying: You have to show more resilient than ever, either victory or to die, then the French army surrounded the place and started bombing the palace and the entire neighborhood of “Sidi Amoud”, upon the sound of the destruction, the ambulances and the firefighters went to the place of the accident to safe the innocents life, the French army in charge of the operation surrounded the entrances with security cordon to prevents anyone from entering, A doctor stepped down from the ambulance car towards the French security cordon, He asked the French generals to enter the palace by saying: I am working as a doctor and we want this ambulance car to enter to save the injured innocents over there. The French officer simply replied to him in broken Arabic, “No entry”, the doctor looked behind him and said: These are ambulances and firefighting vehicles, the officer then said: If you want to get killed, so you can enter the palace, the doctor stared at him and said: but some of those people aren’t even protesting against you ,The officer looked behind and took a deep breath, then he ordered the soldiers to shoot the vehicles tires, The officer turned back to him and said: pardon, We don’t have time to waste, we must get this job done.

Ahed wakes up from her sleep in intense fear and then she starts crying cried and called her mother to come to save her, Lisa waked up annoyed by the yelling of her sweet kid, she hugged her and said: what’s happening, what wrong with you, What are you crying, Ahed frieghtnly said: the ambulance would have saved them, Lisa holds her hand and said :Don't be afraid, my darling, seeing the ambulance in your dream means that your life will witnesses some positive changes very soon ,Ahed innocently said: everything going to be okay, Lisa smiled and said: absolutely, my love, do not be afraid. After Ahed fell asleep, Lisa realized that visiting a doctor is more necessary than ever.

In the next morning, Osama Al-Adeeb accompanied his son Salim to visit the new barber in the camp, he didn’t forget to pass by the grandpa to invite him to come with them,he stands in front of the other tent and called the grandpa ,the grandpa terminated his morning self-reflection activity to responded to his call, once he showed up, Osama told him: we are going to visit the barber shop, if you would like to join, the grandpa seems not to understand his words, then he asked: mind me, you are talking about a barber shop in the camp, Osama Al-Adeeb smiled and said: not a barber shop per say but one of the camp residents decided to provide this service for free, the grandfather was astonished, then he said: it’s a good surprise to have some decent people in this camp, but one last question: do he really used to work as a barber before, Osama smiled back and said: don’t mind, a friend of mine told me that he established his salon in the camp using some old furniture and he decorated the barber shop using paper cartons, and probably he used to work as a barber in Syria.
In their way to the barber, the grandpa praised this kind of initiatives that provide necessary services to the camp residents, Osama didn’t feel so jealous about it, he know by heart that he is up to an extraordinary mission that will simply raise the awareness about their suffering to the whole world, Once they have reached their destiny, they were warmly welcomed by the volunteered person “Basim “, a Syrian adult who decided to dedicate his time and effort to serve his community, what caught their eyes the cleanness of the salon, but caught their eyes, the Turkish word written on the entrance of the barber camp “Teşekkür ederim türkiye””Thanks Turkey”.
The barber man invited the grandpa to start cutting his hair ,Osama thanked Basim for his service in advance and asked him about his opinion in what’s happening are you following the news, the barber simply replied :what news ?!, Osama asked back: the American alliance intervention in Syria, the barber smiled and said: since the beginning of the revolution and Syria has been a very good place for military tourists, we are attracting more tourists since then, Osama pretend not to understand then he asked: you mean, life is getting better in Syria, Basim simply replied: off course not, I mean nothing new, lets better talk about our life in the camp, Osama proudly said: as an advocate, I think we suffer from disregard for the minimum rights of refugees, Basim simply said: it either to live in war or to accept what you have, Osama then said: excuse me, but we must have other better alternatives, Basim said: I agree, but these alternative shall be created by yourself not the human rights organizations, Osama: but they are responsible for that, Basim said: and every one of us is responsible for himself and his family, I am not very pessimistic but to be real, we are not returning back to Aleppo in the near future, after After Aleppo fell in the hands of ISIS, we became spoils of war, and consequently they have the right to apply their interpretation for justices on us.
Osama then decided to share some of his knowledge with them: I think that the absence of organized and collective between the different political parties led to state of instability in the free Syrian lands, which subsequently led to the entrance of armed groups like ISIS, and regarding the spread of chaos ….., Bassem interrupted him by saying: Excuse me, I couldn’t get your point, Is there a plenty of time to wait for the opposition parties to reach an accordance while the country is in war, for me in the state of war, all these banners are useless, talk is free meaning, But as long as the war does not stop, I do not understand the elite phrases used in the conferences by the friends of Syria, and that why: I do not pay attention to their statements because they do not have any impact on the ground, he deeply breathed then continued his talk: I studied one subject about philosophy at school, it was defining some obsolete terminologies like the definition of existence, believe me if I said, I have passed the exam and I couldn’t get what they meant by the definition of existence, Osama then asked for clarification: what is the relationship between the philosophy and what is happening in Syria, Basim then said: don’t get me wrong, but who benefit from it, certainly not us, War is the most profitable business on earth, but we are not part of this business, we are simply refugees, we don’t sell weapons and we won’t work the after war reconstruction as well, we are simply following our Palestinian brothers steps, half of them living abroad and haven’t returned to their land, this is how I think about it.

12

In the next morning, Lissa decided to visit the medical aid truck temporary located within five hundred meters from the camp, The International Relief Organization “IHR” medical twice a week to assure that the camp residents still alive, when Lissa reached the truck she dealt with one of the volunteers who asked her to fill in an application form that gives information about her medical case or record, Anyway the young adult took the application from her and after a few waiting minutes, he promptly asked her to enter the caravan.
Lisa then entered an empty room from any furniture except for three small wooden chair and a medical bed, they waited for a while before the doctor entered to the room, the doctor greeted them in a pure Arabic before introducing herself as a fresh graduated doctor who decided to volunteer in the organization to provide aid for Syrian refugees, Ahed along with lissa felt comfortable to be treated by one of the Syrians even if she was unexperienced, at least they could freely deal in the same language, after scanning the application form asked, the Dr decided to direct her questions to Ahed by saying: Hi, my name is “Wessal” and I am here to help you, do you like your life here in the camp, Ahed didn’t respond ,moreover she didn’t show any impression or facial feedback, the doctor stands up and came closer to her to make her feel more comfortable, and asked once more: don’t be afraid from me, I am here to help, at this moment Lissa interfered by saying: you know, she is little bit shy, I can respond to your questions instead.
After she was fed up with Ahed, The doctor returned back to her disk and starred for a while at Ahed ,Lisa decided to cut the silence by explaining the reason behind the little girl struggle: I am feeling sorry for her, she has been having attacks during her sleep since we have left the war, as you know our live is a complete misery since then, we left the civil war to live in refugees camps here, and all this happened in the space of few years, the doctor was listening carefully to her asked before she started to pose her questions, the first question was: did she recently lost her appetite?, "Lissa" spend a while thinking of the proper answer, firstly she wanted to say, "we have all lost our appetite in this camp, before she directly responded: Yes, kind of, then the doctor asked her second question ,does she feel headaches from time to time ?, Lissa didn’t know how to answer, it wasn’t used to the doctors formal questions, so she replied ; little bit, the doctor then said: for me, the prescription of your kid isn’t clear, I will write a medical prescription in your second visit, but until the next visit, all I need is this, then she handed Lissas some color pens and white paper and said: as long as she didn’t want to talk, I want her to draw anything she want in these few sheets until the next time, thank you for your visit, see you next week ,lissa wasn’t obviously convinced with this prescription ,then she inquired back: this is a medical prescription, the doctor smiled and said: believe me, this is a scientific way to deal with children’s to better understand their feelings, Lissa wasn’t either convinced but she said: see you next week.

After three weeks Osama accompanied his son Salim to the camp salon, frankly, even in Syria he wasn’t visiting the barbershop in a couple of weeks, but the free service and his boring life style in the camp encouraged him to revisit shortly, it’s not just to maintain his prestige among the camp community, it’s more like a way to have some chat with someone else rather than his wife, anyway he found the barber “Bassem “ this time reading in the newspaper, As soon as they entered ,Bassem left the newspaper on the table and welcomed them, Osama asked him to start with his son first, then he asked: so you are following the news, bassem replied: not too much, these newspapers are old one, the garbage man brought to me some Arabic newspapers from time to time, Osama took a deep breath and started to read the headlines: Syrian cities are getting ready for the new Parliament elections, this news reminds him of his previous dreams to be a politician or a candidate in the Parliament, it was his main motive to study law, he remembered the day he decided to join the student union in the university,he knocked the door of the student union office, after entering the room, he dealt with a thirty old male on a position of the student union director, Actually he wasn’t representing the student union for his experience but for his political commitment, he might have joined a similar job, if he would has decided to stay in Syria, Anyway, he remembered the main duties of the student unions in Syria that includes the maintenance of the universities facilities in coordination with the board members, he didn’t remember why he didn’t spend too long time with the student union, however he only remember that it was a useless experience.
The barber man interrupted Osama recalling’s by asking him to have his turn, Bassem asked him this time: It seems that you stopped following politics. Osama replied: not too much, Bassem then asked: do you think the Americans will brought peace to Syria, Osama politely replied: let’s wait and see, Bassem smiled and said: do you really believe that the united states is going to resolve our problem, Osama nervously asked: why you are so pessimistic, Bassem flexibly replied: I am not, I am so realistic by the way, if you compare an American military intervention to their Syria intervention, you will simply realise that this war will not end very soon, Osama then asked back, then what do you think ?, this war ,when it will end, Bassem waited for a moment then replied to his question by saying, you know my father used to have a Palestinian friend who was enforced to leave his country after war in 1967, and he believed that after a couple of years, he is going to return back to his home land, you know, he died in Syria in 1998, and he never returned back to his homeland, after Osama heard the Palestinian story, he simply said: but we are not Palestinian, we are Syrians, the barber man simply said: and that’s not enough to have a different result.
Osama left the barber tent this time full of disappointment, the barber man words really touched his heart, he never though that he might be staying forever here ,he intentionally left his country for a short stay in turkey not forever, he really never thought where he will stay if he decided to return back, his old apartment is probably damaged or stolen, but he returned back to his words about the Palestinian refugees, he definitely has a point, this people have been relocating since 1948 and most of them couldn’t return back to his country, by the time, people tend to forget previous problems to focus in the new ones, so he might be true, it’s a matter of time before we became a new Arabian misery, he then thought about himself, what is his aim, he is still chasing a noble dream that he couldn’t chase in Syria ,and he still chasing it in a different country that he barely know its language, he only speak some basic Turkish words similar to the Arabic ones, like Arabic, Teşekkür, Merhaba, araba, tamam, Çay, it’s was the first time to start thinking that working as an advocate or politician wasn’t made for him, while he has been involved in this self-assessment exercise, he suddenly realized that he forgot to invite the grandpa this time to visit the barber with him, then he diverted his way back to the grandpa tent, as always, 
The grandpa was spending his tea time thinking of nothing, Osama apologized for visiting the barber without him, the grandpa simply said: don’t mind, have a seat, the grandpa invited him to have some tea in the other broken chair beside him, Osama accepted the grandpa kind invitation and after sitting down, He recalled his previous conversation with the barber, the grandpa wasn’t seem surprised by the barber pessimistic point of view, so he said: you know, In the eighteenth century, Syria was an Ottoman state, in the year 1820, Syria and other neighbor countries suffered from a huge economic problem, so many Syrians decided to immigrate from Syria to search for a better life conditions, Anyway this first Syrian migration directed mainly to Egypt, the United States, and South America, afterward in the year 1970 the second Syrian emigration emerged mainly towards South American countries and other Arab Gulf states to search for a better economic conditions, and probably now we are ahead of the third Syrian emigration.
Osama returned back to his tent after his long day, he found his wife having her tea in the terrace, he promptly asked what’s the lunch for today, she didn’t respond to him, so he asked back: aren’t you hearing to me ?, then ,she simply replied: soap of the day, Osama replied: fine, you can say the lunch is Lentil soup instead, then he entered the tent and during his lunch he told his wife about his conversation with the barber, she didn’t take his side as usual and then she said: what do you think, they will call us back, when they end their conflicts.
Osama then decided to agree with the barber point of view or with his wife point of view, so he said: during my school education I used to believe in the Arab united states where Syria represent an integral part of the great Arab united, but after the revolution I discovered that this “Arab world” is different from the Ideal one I studied before, I mean, I feel that the Arab states are a mixture of peoples, races, religions, cultures and dialects that only speaks same official language but still have many slangs among them, you know: I started to feel that the Turkish is more similar to the Syrian culture than many other Arab countries, Umm Selim: so you are more Turkish right now, Osama responded to her sarcastic by saying: why you are surprised, don’t you realize the commonality between folklore dances, music, customs and dresses, Umm Selim laughed and said: if I was in place of the Turkish government, I would have promptly granted you the Turkish passport.

13

After a few weeks, the grandpa was visiting Istanbul to collect part of the loan, he waited in front of the souvenir store of the Turkish merchant “ Emir Epek “ for around thirty minutes ,he stared at one of the paintings of the the Oratakoy Mosque on the Bosphorus, he wished if he could spend the remaining days of his life in this mosque, he might only get interrupted by the continuous flow of the passengers vessels from and to the touristic place, indeed the incoming tourists will treat him as part of the antique of this place, the merchant voice interrupted his imaginations by saying: forgive me for being late, the grandpa replied: don’t mind, then he handed him an envelope that contains $1,000 as part of the debt., the grandpa opened the envelope and counted the loaned amount then he said: but this is only $1000, aren’t we agreed to receive $5000, the merchant deeply breathed and said: we have agreed to pay the rest of the amount will be paid based on the textile received from your side, the grandpa was surprised as if he heard these words for the first time . And then he said: seems that I am having Alzheimer.
On Friday prayer speech, the speech topic was about the love of homeland in Islam. The emam said: servants of God, love of the homeland is an instinct in all human being, as it normally witnessed his childhood memories and the land of his ancestors,  no matter how much we suffered over there, we have lot to pay in return, prophet Muhammad peace and blessings be upon him said about his homeland “Macca”, "How sweet of a land you are and how dear you are to me, and if it were not that my people expelled me from you, I would not have lived in other than you.", so being enforced to leave your home land under any circumstance doesn’t mean to hate your home land.
After praying Osama met his old friend “Baher “ who came to visit the camp as usual, Osama greeted him by saying: It has been a long time since you came to visit, Baher replied to his kind words by saying: I beg your pardon, I was quite busy lately, Osama continued his sarcasm by saying: yah, I forgot that you are a politician right now, Baher firmly replied to his sarcasm by saying :I am not a politician per say, I am just a member of the youth initiatives coordination committee, Osama continued with the same tone: don’t mind it’s just the first step in any politician career, anyway forget about it, I have bought you $ 1000 to inquire about the status of a prisoner, we just want to know: whether he is still alive or not, Baher collected the money and said: sure, I will provide you with the feedback very soon.

Lisa started her first steps toward the debt payment, she was sitting in her sewing chair (I mean her lovely chair) thinking of the flag dilemma, whether to tailor the revolutionary flag or the state flag, which one will have higher demand?!, this phase is very critical in any project, no matter how small or big is the project, as failing to plan is surely planning to fail, she has to survey the tourists visiting Istanbul to know which flag they prefer, then she asked her self are they really following what’s happening in Syria to realize the difference between them, or even if they are following, they will be divided between supporters and oppositions, same like the international committee or the Arab committee and then she decided to tailor both flags, in order to satisfy everyone ,When money talks, Nobody checks the grammar, But before starting the tailoring process her sweet heart Ahed interrupted her with a sweet drawing that resemble a miserable sad face. Lissa starred at the drawing for a while and then said: it’s nice my sweet heart, but would you think of something more cheerful to draw, give it another try.
The grandfather was sitting on his wooden chair observing the art workshop taking place in the tent, he tried first to figure out the meaning of the scratches drawing that his lovely granddaughter trying to produce, however the noisy sound made by the tailor machine interrupted him, so he simply asked lissa: what are you doing ?!, Lissa was tired of her father remembrance rate recently, then she replied :I am tailoring a wedding dresses, the grandpa was little bit confused, then he asked: is it allowed to have wedding ceremonies in the camp, Lissa was fed up then said: my god, haven’t we agreed to tailor some flags in return for the required debt, the grandpa realized again that he struggles to remember even the very recent events then he said :memories matter, but at this moment Ahed intervened to show her mother a new drawing of a little boy face with unclear features, Lissa stared for a while trying to figure out the meaning but she remembered that this is part of the medication process then she said: great, would you try something else.

After one month, Lissa was having an appointment with the Turkish merchant “ Emir Ebek” to pay part of her debt ,off course she won’t pay her debt in a monetary terms but will provide some tailored items instead, she accompanied her lovely daughter and her father during her long trip to Istanbul, they reached their destiny by the evening, as it normally take more than eight hours to travel from GAZIANTEP to Istanbul, anyway the very famous Arasta Market in a very exhausted conditions, they need for a quite sleep more than anything else, since they don’t have this luxury, they were determined to hand their loaner the required items to avoid any penalties to be applied, when they arrived to the souvenir store “ Emir Ebek” was negotiating with one of the tourists over the price of some items, he asked them to wait until he finish his negotiation ,afterwards he entered back to the store to welcome the exhausted guest, in delicate way he asked them if they would like to have something to drink ,they seems speechless, so instead of repeating his previous questions, he ordered lemon juices for them.
The Turkish merchant clearly reviewed the quality of the tailored flags, before asking Lissa: have you tried it before, looks like you have a good knowledge, she simply replied: my mother used to tailor some staff when I was a kid and I used to observe her work, he then said: great, Lissa promptly asked: shall I reproduce the same amount of flags for the next time, Emir Ebek replied: fine, how many flags included in this package, Lissa said: about fifty, Emir Ebek: deal, but listen, I want you to tailor Palestinian flags for your next visit, you must have heard of the Israelis recent attacks on Gaza strip, tourists might feel sympathy with them, let’s give it a try, Lissa replied with the Turkish Arabic word :Tamam, then the grandpa suddenly cut the conversation, we aren’t going to receive another part of the loan now, Emir Ebek: unfortunately ,not yet, according to our contract you will get paid after six months from now ,tamam, they all replied with one voice: tamam.

Two days later, Ahed and Lisa were up to another appointment with the camp doctor. Lisa was sitting beside Ahed waiting for their turn, The assistant doctor asked them, the very regular question “Have you registered your data, Lisa promptly replied, “Yes, we have visited the doctor two weeks before, the applicant name is “Ahed Baher Ghadban”, The doctor turned scanned the previous files and said “so you still have two cases before you enter, Lissa said: don’t mind, take your time, In about thirty minutes they entered to the doctor who greeted them with a smile, and promptly asked: how did you spend your time during the previous weeks, Lissa promptly responded: we are fine, then she handed her the required assignment, the doctor tried first to break the ice with the lovely kid but she failed again, then she returned again to the drawings, Lissa could easily read her facial expression while she was resolving the paintings meanings.
Lissa Longley waited for the doctor to provide her feedback but she didn’t, then she asked: do you want more of this, the doctor said: thanks, that’s enough, I will keep these paintings as part of the medical profile and I will recommend for her to have this medical twice a day then she handed Lissa a medical tablets package named “antidepresan 50”, lissa received the package and asked, mind me doctor, couldn’t we treat her without tablets, the doctor wiped her and said: I am afraid to say no, it’s hard to feel any progress in her case without receiving tablets, your lovely kid is suffering from trauma (psychological trauma), and this is very normal due to the hard conditions she has been through, to be more specific in answering your question, you could rather rely in sessions but this isn’t available in the camp, then lissa asked for clarification again: twice a day, the doctor assured back: yes ,she shall receive it twice, after breakfast and after dinner, see you after one month from now, have a nice day, Lissa in her way back to the tent blamed Ahed for not responding to the doctor by saying: if you would have responded to the doctor, you might have prevented receiving medicals, as if you replied to her questions next she wouldn’t probably handed us medication.

In the following week, Osama was getting ready for the great day he has been waiting for, today he will present the undiscovered refugees problem to the whole word, everyone will know better how the people in the camp suffer, and then he will be the official speaker of the camp refugees to the whole world, This is only the first step towards being a human rights defender who didn’t only defend, these glorious dreams were just interrupted by his wife soft voice shouting: turn off the light I need to sleep, in a romantic way, he didn’t only turned off the light, but he came closer to her and asked her to pray for him to successes in this substantial day, as if she will grant him forgiveness for all his sins, any way she continued her sleep and didn’t respond to her call, Osama didn’t realize that this was a sign.
Osama arrived little bit late to the conference venue, which made him nervous ,he tried to relax to adhere to the presentation tips, he must be more confident when he respond to the conference committee questions ,firstly he struggled to find a vacant chair for him, the conference seems to have more attendees than he expected, the refugees problems seems to attract more interest than he would have expected ,indeed he was expecting a more huge stage than this small one that barely carries they three speakers and the conference organizers, he related it to the one the politicians stands in during the international conferences, anyway ,he waited for his turn that didn’t come, they invited around fifty distinguished speakers out of the two hundred researchers, unfortunately he wasn’t the lucky one, when the clock turned six pm, the conference organizers declared the closure statement and invited the attendees to gather to have the conference photo, Everyone was fighting to have a stand over the stage to be part of this memorial photo, afterward the conference committee asked the researchers to wait for a while to receive the conference proceedings.
Osama tried to keep calm after having the photos and then he asked one of the Arabic attendees: this is the end of the first day, the attendee simply replied: it’s a one day conference, Osama: excuse me, but I didn’t present my paper, the attendee aligned himself with him by saying: me too, you will have your paper in the conference proceedings for sure, this conference offers you the opportunity some good connections with research fellows, excuse me, I must take this call, then he disappeared, Osama kept observing the attendees, as most of them seems to be an old friends and this conference is an opportunity to gather every now and then, he tried to establish a connection as recommended but he hesitated to intervene in any of the established conversations, Until the conference organizers started to distribute the conference bags, he waited for his turn until he received a grocery bag that includes a conference book instead.
Osama left the conference place immediately, after he witnessed the depart of all the attendees on a space of few minutes, he simply realized that it was all over, the dream he believed in wasn’t made for him, his wife has a point when she said that most of these researchers belongs to the middle class bureaucratic class who attend these kind of meetings to show off their support to the poor refugees in a proper way, It was not only a dream but a regular debate with his wife over the realistic and imaginative lifestyles, at this moment he realized that he was totally wrong, he should has invested his effort and money in a way that better satisfy their existence needs.
Osama returned to the camp at the dawn, the camp was in a complete silence except from a loud crying voice. He entered his tent quietly to avoid his wife reception, however as he approached the bed he was encountered with the loud voice of her anger voice, where have you been, and before he even respond she said: your lovely boy have broken his hand yesterday and we spent the whole day in the hospital and cause we don’t have a medical insurance, we payed about 5000 liras to have the medical assistance, thanks god that you have saved money for emergencies, his wife yelled at him: offcourse not we have to borrow to pay the required amount.

A few days later ,Lissa was chatting as usual with her lovely friend “Um Salim” during their waiting time in the morning queue to receive their breakfast, Lissa observed the appeared sadness in her friend face, then she asked her “ your eye is having a red color “, Um Salime took a deep breath and said: you life is getting worse in this camp, and I am really done with my husband way of life, I am really tired of him, Lissa asked for clarification: why, she promptly responded: he is repeating the same mistakes, he didn’t want to keep his feet on the ground after all we have been through, Lissa tried to calm her down by saying: I guess, we are all depressed in this camp, you know, I have visited the camp doctor couple of weeks ago and she told me your kid suffer from a psychological trauma, Um salim then asked: and what’s a psychological trauma, lissa simply replied: as I understand, it’s a kind of depression caused by many things and you must have been through one of them, Um Salim said: god bless, she is so young for this, I was expecting from my husband to be more mature in dealing with his life ,especially after leaving Syria.
A few days later, Umm Salim followed lissas advice and visited the camp doctor to talk with her about her current mood, she waited for her turn until one of the volunteers handed her the application form to fill in her data, afterward she handing the filled application, she kept starring at one of the informative posters that present the nutrition required for each child according to the world health organization, she remembered her lovely husband and how she would has referred to this poster in his discussion, after a few minutes, she was asked to enter the doctor room, Umm Saleem knocked on the door and then kept standing in front of the doctor office ,until the doctor asked her to sit down, the few other posters in the doctor room attracted her attention, she got the weird feeling that the medical service is directly main toward the children’s as most of the posters was showing the mandatory vaccinations for kids.
After placing the application form in front of her, the doctor asked Um salim: how can I help you ?, Um salim directly: I am suffering from depression, The doctor moved her eyeglasses and asked: what make you think that you are suffering from depression?, Umm Saleem said: well, cause simply everything here helps in creating depression, I mean recently I tend to lose my temper rapidly during any conversation with my husband or my kid, furthermore I am not sleeping very well during the last few weeks, the doctor didn’t verbally respond to her, however she opened the drawer and handed her medical tablets, Um – Salim read the medical name “antidepresan 100 “ written on the back of the Blister packs and asked the doctor: how many tablets shall I receive per day ?, the doctor promptly responded: twice a day, Um Salim thanked the doctor for her assistance and returned to her camp with a cure to her problems.

In the next morning, during their waiting conversation, Lisa asked Um Salim about her doctor visit, Umm Salim said: I don’t know, I talked to her and then she handed me a medical tablets to take twice a day, Lisa then asked: do you remember the medicine name, Umm Salim said: I am not sure but its something like anti depression, Lissa smiled: same as Ahed, seems that this medical was well designed to resolve the camp residents physiological problem, Umm Salim then asked back: do you observe any progress in your lovely girl attitude ,or she is still having consecutive nightmares, Lissa said: I am not sure, but she isnt having nightmares any more, however she is more like telling hallucinations, Umm Salim asked: what do you mean, Lisa said: I mean she has some illogical dreams like an agreement has been reached between ISIS, United States, Turkey and Russia agreed to collaborate in the reconstruction of Syria after war, Umm Selim laughed and said: so, that’s really a good sign.
In the afternoon, Lisa turned on the tailoring machine, and started to work in her new task, this time she was using the black, white and green fabric colors to tailor the Palestinian flag, the grandpa starred at the face and remembered the continuous suffering of the Palestinian people especially after the 1948 war, afterwards 800,000 Palestinians at least were forced to relocate in other countries around the world, since the end of the Arab Israeli war in 1948, The number of refugees has been incrementally increasing, they were treated as refugees in their neighbor countries and as an Arabs in their occupied land, henceforth they normally struggle to get a recognized identity card or passport, the grandpa recalled that he has spent the best years of his life dreaming of a real solution to the Palestinian refugees obstacle ,the moral solidarity wasn’t enough to get those people out of trouble, and suddenly ,his lovely daughter interrupted his imaginations, when she asked: what do you think, which size looks better, the grandpa nodded his head and said: they all looks great.

After a few days, the camp residents were going to celebrate their second Eid al-Adha inside in the camp, normally Muslims around the world distribute meat to the poor as a way to show their obedience to god, it was quite obvious that the camp residence were have nothing to submit in these days except praying to god, however the kids were still following some of the Muslims norms during these days, as shaving their hair and having a bath before accompanying their parents to attend Eid al-Adha prayers, as long as they served for free, so ,Osama adhered to the Syrian traditions and took his lovely kid to the barber tent, Osama was served first and left his son playing games on the mobile, actually it was his first time Salim got exposed to this virtual world, as his parents don’t own smart phones, but the barber man was generous enough to offer him his mobile to play with until he got finished, his father asked him to turn down the game volume, and then he said to the barber: you know, the CEO of the best American mobile company was born to a Syrian family, the barber simply responded: sure, I know ,and then he was adopted by American family, so he is American not Syrian, Osama said: I know ,but that tells you that we have a good genes, the barber replied: so what, Osama said: so, if we have a good conditions, we could do great things, the barber took a deep breath and said: I don’t know, but I think that this rule applies for anyone not for the ones with the good genes.
The first day of Eid passed like any other days without any significant change except for El-Eid pray in the early morning, and the camp families gathered to have their light meals that maintain the healthy life style of the camp residents, however in the next morning Ahed Wake-up in the morning in a good voice, she remembered that famous Syrian song she was listing to in Aleppo, Ahed firstly thought that these are some sort of hallucinations, indeed she was awake, she touched her eyes with her fingers to assure that ,and all of a sudden, without any explanations, Lisa carried her on her shoulder, and took her to the gathering area, the camp families surrounded temporary established stage that presents a puppet show to entertain the camp children’s, the show was presenting a chasing between two dolls, a lion and a mouse, the lion is sleeping, while the small mouse was running around and jumping over, The lion responded to this chasing with his loud voice that makes the children’s laugh ,and then they started to support the mouse against the lion, The children applaud warmly when the show ends.
After the shows ended, two young men then applauded the fans after the sow, the were wearing red jackets with a SAR logo, which is an abbreviation for the Syrian Rescue Agency, they then distributed some gifts to the camp’s children’s, who were so delighted to find someone celebrating with them their feast, one of the volunteered photographers were taking some photos for the kids and when he took a lovely photo for Ahed and Lissa, Lissa promptly asked him for a copy, the photographer replied: the photos will be available in our Facebook page, then lissa asked: what if I don’t have access, the photographer replied: actually, I have no clues.
After Eid al-Adha holidays Osama was determined to change his way of life, he decided to think big instead, so he decided to look for a new job that offers him more income instead of relying solely on his job salary, He firstly passed by the barber tent and found it vacant, then he decided to ask his good friend for advice, He told the barber man “ Bassem “ about his disappointment with the international conference, he told Bassem that he finally decided to change his career ,Bassem appreciated his decision by saying: great, but aren’t you working for the United Nations Organization United Children's (UNICEF), Osama replied: You know ,it’s just a part time job that hardly cover our expenses, indeed I am going to have a plenty of time during the summer vacation, the barber said :then you want to work in another job during the summer, Osama replied: well, do you have any suggestions, the barber took a deep breath and said: actually, I have no idea now, but I will let you know if I found one ,indeed, I am not staying for long in this camp, I have found a decent shop in the city center, you may come to visit if you wish, Osama: how far is the city center from the camp, Bassem replied: about fifteen minutes, but you can contact me by mobile instead if you didn’t want to visit and then he handed him his business card, Osama barely smiled and said: good luck, keep in touch, bye, Bassem smiled back and said: bye.

The days were too long for the three of them, for those who chose to live in a refugees camps, and those who were enforced to live in an Islamic state and finally those who kept in prison, the grandpa, Ahed and Lissa continued their travel from Gaziantep to Istanbul to pay the required debt that might help them in creating a better future for their small family, at this time the Turkish merchant “Emir “ asked them to tailor another flag but surprisingly it wasn’t a country flag but a football club flag, Emir told them: in the next time, I want you to deliver a new batch of yellow and red flags which demonstrates the colors of Galatasaray football Club, they have just won the Turkish League this year, and many fans will show their belongingness by buying their flags, Lissa replied: tamam ,sure, that’s an easy one.



Chapter Three
The Way Forward

14

In a parallel universe, Abu Hashem was delivering the Friday Speech to the prayers in Aleppo, Abu Hashem was a middle aged man distinguished by a very long beard, he started his speech by saying Imam Ali bin Abi Talib, may God pleased him once said: Jihad is your road to paradise, and whoever left it will face humiliation, and affliction, in this regards, I am calling you to fight these people day and night, secretly and in public, as Imam Ali insisted: Invade them before they invades you, and then he closed the paper he was reading from and said to the attendees: My beloved ones for the sake of God, you must have heard that the Kurdish People’s Protection Units (YPG) detained our brothers, most of them were women and children’s, in deed many of our fighters were arrested by them, they must know by heart that this state is a Sunni Arabs majority state and couldn’t be ruled by someone else, Therefore, I invite all of you, to support the Turkish army in their operation "Euphrates Shield" against the Kurd, In order to limit the Kurdish People's Protection Forces violations, and to protect our families over there.
In the next day the soldiers lined up outside the mosque after performing the dawn pray, awaiting for Abu Hashem instructions. Abu Hashem walked between the soldiers riding his horse to check out their conditions, then he said: this day we have been awaiting for to take revenge from the Shiites regime, We will not leave Syria until we sacrifice their heads as They sacrificed Saddam Hussein in the first day of Eleid, and then he shouted at his soldiers: “Syria is a Sunni state, despite the Alawites, Hezbollah and Iran”, we won’t leave the jihad until this country returns to its glorious days, Then he shouted at his soldiers loudly “Allah Akbar ,” and so the soldiers repeated back “Allah Akabr .” Today we have to aid our Turkic brothers in their Nobel mission against the Kurdish traitors.
Finally the peaceful status returned to the city of Aleppo after two weeks of continuous bombardment between ISIS and the Kurdish People’s Protection Forces. indeed, Amal (lissa daughter ) made up her mind to leave the city to accompany her lovely mother and sister outside this war battle, she was finally convinced by her mother point of view, maybe it’s never too late, so she searched for the official way to leave her country, she visits the security Borders office in Aleppo to get more clarification, which is licensed to organize smuggling operations, she took her little son “Abd Allah” with her in her visit to the nearest office to al-Shahba neighborhood.

When she reached her destination, she started to read the notification paper placed on the door under the signature of security border, “In the name of god, Dear distinguished applicants, following the administrative decision number 1562, It is forbidden to cut any immigration receipt without the presence of the smuggler, the smuggler is responsible of reviewing your contact details and the emergency contact details as well, The receipt is valid for three working days, the authority is not responsible for the loss of the receipt, and the registration fees is nonrefundable, Amal finished reading the instructions and think a little bit before entering the office.
Amal didn’t carefully read the instructions and she decided to ask about the fees: excuse me, how much is the required fees, he promptly responded: 25 US dollars per person, she counted 50 dollars and paid to him, he refused to receive the money and asked her: would you please read the terms and conditions carefully in advance, she fill in the application without reading the terms and conditions indeed, then she handed him the application form along with the fees, He reviewed the received from and asked: you didn’t write your husband name, Amal responded: I am sorry but he died in the war against the Syrian regime, he was one of your veterans, Abou-Tamam then asked: what was his name, she replied: Ali, he was a Russian volunteer in your side, he replied: I am sorry but even if your husband was one of the veterans, you must find a legal accompany male to apply for the travel request, Amal said: but my whole family immigrated from Syria and my husband is dead, how can I travel in this situation, Abou-Tamam took a deep breath and said: let me discuss your case with the managers ,Amal asked: how long shall it take this reviewing process, Abou-Tamam replied: normally two or three working days, Amal said: thanks for your assistance, Abou-Tamam replied: you are welcome.
After committing al-isha pray, the board of the group gathered together to discuss some matters, the group leader Abu Hashem initiated the discussion by asking the following question, what do we need to be a recognized state?, 
One of the fellows “ Abu Umaima “: Aren’t we represent a recognized state ? Abu Hashem replied: We are more like an island not a state, I mean to gain more recognition form the whole world, Abu Salman said: I think we need to spread our interpretation to Islam to a wider area, Abu Hashem responded to him by saying: sure, that’s important point and we are working in it ,and then he asked for more contributions, Abu Salman said: I think any country shall have, a flag, a piece of land, a national anthem, Abu Hashem: great and we already own a piece of land and we have our distinguished flag, then the national Anthem is the only missing, Abu Salman intervened by saying: but I believe that anthems is prohibited in Islam, Abu Hashem: true, but we will play it without music, we want to remain different and to adhere to our Islamic values, In this regard I will assign this task to Abu-Tamam as Egyptians are very talented in creating anthems.
After the meeting ends, Abu-Tamam came to ask the leader about the travel case of Amal, Abu Hashem thought he didn’t want to carry on the previously assigned task ,then he said to him :I am very confident that you will perfectly fit in this task, Abu-Tamam said: sure, I will do my best to meet your expectations, however I am just having a different inquiry, one of the female residents visited my office today and asked for exception to travel without any accompanying male adult, Abu Hashem asked: and where is her husband, he responded: he was one of our veterans, Abu Hashem took a deep breath and said: do you really want to help her, Abu-Tamam: yeah, I mean her case is very complicated, Abu Hashem then said: why don’t you marry her, Abu-Tamam said: I already married to two females, Abu Hashem smiled and said: it’s time to make them three.

After a couple of days, "Amal" returned to the border office, in order to find a way to travel without an accompanying male, She knocked on the door quietly first and she didn’t find response as usual. Then after few seconds Abu-Tamam raised her eyes and referred to her with his hand sign to enter, She entered the office and waited him to finish his reciting. Abu Tammam decided to offer her two alternative to her case, then he said: I discussed your case with my supervisors, it seems that you only have two choices, then he looked at Amal’s face to observe her expressions, then he continued You have two options, either to buy The Muharram note which will cost you around three hundred dollars, and it’s risky and illegal, Amal then asked and the other option, he promptly replied: the other option is to be a third wife to one of the jihadists, She looked at him with eyes filled with pain and said: There is no third option.
Abu Tammam replied firmly: This is the leader’s words and I am frankly conveying it. She sighed and then said: I will think about it and respond to you by tomorrow, Salam, Abu Tammam: salam.
In the evening, a few meters from the military arsenal of the Islamic State in Aleppo, a traditional Syrian songs was playing to celebrate a special weeding event, the mother of the bride was walking among the girls who were playing with the drums, in deed others were carrying the gold and accessories gifted by the groom.
Upon reaching standing on the stage, the groom puts his hand on the bride’s right shoulder and removes the veil from the bride’s face, then he kissed her forehead and started their slow dance, in this instance the young adults started to celebrate by firing shots in air to show their happiness, as part of the Syrian traditions in celebrating such events, The loud voice of the songs didn’t disturb the neighborhood as it disturbed the ISIS military camp.

After hearing the loud sound of the music, the military commander in the region “Abu Omaima” called the soldiers to gather immediately he delivered the following order: we need to detect the source of this noise to make them pay for their mistake, then he took the military four wheels vehicle to search for the source of these songs, When the car approached the wedding destiny, "Abu Youssef raised his right hand to order his followers to stop . The military squad started to fire some shots in air in order to stop the DJ, however the weeding guests firstly thought that they are one of the groom friends who is trying to exaggerate in showing his happiness with this great event, few minutes later the squad controlled the place and they arrested the groom and the DJ man as the main participants of this event.
Afterwards four-wheel drive vehicle drove the groom and the DJ man to the police station to investigate their case, the vehicle stopped in front of an iron gate topped by a wooden plaque written on it “Islamic Police", they went up the stairs towards the interrogation room. Abu Youssef sat on a worn chair and directed his questions to the groom, who was still in handcuffs, are you aware of the punishment that awaits you and your partner?
The groom nodded his head, Abu Youssef stand up and approached him to raise his head up, then said: Imprisonment for four months and a fine of 5 million Syrian liras, In deed you and your partner are required to memorize five chapters of Quran to prove your good deeds, the groom said: affirmative, then “Abu Omaima” said: Perhaps you are wondering about the reason for this punishment. The groom looked at him wondering, before he shouted at the groom
These harsh punishments were due to your disregard for the feelings of the families of the detainees and the fighters who scarified their life to free this country from evils, while you and your partner simply don’t care, I can understand that you grew up in a carless environment, but you should adapt to this new life style.
Amal was confused, she did not think of marrying again after her first marriage, her first marriage was the reason for the conflict with her mother, now she want to reunion back with her mother after her husband’s dead, right now, she only dream of crossing the borders to Turkey to get away from this war, she is a more mature person right now, she don’t think that it’s all about love, it’s all about getting out of this shit right now, she stared at the photograph of her martyr husband ,she will keep the memory and move forward, She exhausted herself thinking of the bright future awaiting Syria after the revolution, she thought that she was meant to be one of the revolutionaries but it ended up in a very different scenario, she dreamed of a better future that isn’t happening in the foreseeable future, so to be real, She decided to leave this conflict zone to a more peaceful land that will reunion back her with her small family, she decided to accept the marriage proposal as a third or fourth wife, simply ,to get out of this misery.

In the next morning, Amal knocked on the door once again after she had made up her mind, Abu Tammam this time pretended to be busy on reviewing the useless papers in front of him, and he made eye contact with her, he asked: excuse me ,how can I help you, she smiled and said: I have made up my mind, I have chosen one of the two possible alternatives, she kept silent for a moment as a way to build suspense, then she said: I accept your marriage proposal, at that moment, Abu Tammam decided to stop pretending and smiled to her, then he said: I have a surprise for you, you can consider it as a wedding gift, Amal was excited to know her wedding gift, then he said: You can now join Al-Khansa Brigades in return for$1500 per month ,you can save this amount for yourself or to help your family, What do you think? Amal smiled and said: Certainly, I am so grateful for you.

After a few days of her marriage, Amal walked along side Abu Tammam wearing her Neqab, Abu Tammam drove the car for her new job location which was located 50 KM away from her new home, Amal though that she will join one of the inspection offices that check-up the female residents, however she found herself in front of a military base site, Abu Tammam left her for few minutes in his car as he was conducting a conversation with one of the females, after about 15 minutes ,he returned back to her and introduced her to one of the commanders, the female commander saluted her in a broken Arabic and then said: this camp will prepare you for your job, it’s a training camp that introduce you first to our values before being in charge, 
Amal smiled and said: that’s a pleasure ,the commander replied back: the pleasure is mine, it’s also good to know that you aren’t allowed to brought your lovely kid to the camp during the preparatory course, Amal promptly asked: and that’s for how long, the commander replied: for around one month ,indeed, you don’t have to worry about your son, our fellows will take care of him.
After one month, Amal successfully passed the training course, and today she is an accredited fighter in Al-Khansa Brigades, her role was very simple indeed, she was responsible of inspecting women’s bags, in addition to facing any violence committed by females, she was also responsible of reviewing the degree of commitment by the females residence to the ISIS Islamic values, she never thought of working for the police, she didn’t believe in the ISIS values as well, however she desperately need money to help her family and to get out of this piece of land, then she decided to follow their orders to receive the monthly salary, moreover the annual and semi-annual compensation she is going to receive as a percentage of ISIS profits, she gave it a year to make some money before visiting her family in turkey.

15

After one year of continuous work, Amal has probably saved every penny to aid help her family in Turkey. She couldn’t receive any updates from her family, but she knew by heart that they still over there, She was also worried about the future of her little son “Abdullah” who he grew up on this environment, she observed that he is trying to follow the steps of his father and according to law she won’t be able to prevent him of being a soldier, as there is no constraints on children’s to join the military services,She knows that he will her husband will reject the idea of immigrating to turkey, then she decided to ask him for a short visit to her mother, Abu Tammam accepted to allow her to visit her mother shortly after the end of the underway battel in Iraq.
The war results wasn’t in their favor that’s why Abu Tammam was hesitated to ask for a short vacation in this critical timing, indeed they still receive any updates from their leader Abu-Hashem after the battel, on the other hand Amal was fed up and asked her husband to stick to his words, so, Abu Tammam to ask the deputy for a permission to leave for a 48 hours for personal reasons, the deputy accepted allowed him to travel for a short visit but he wouldn’t protect him if someone discovered that he left Aleppo in this circumstances.

Abu Tammam returned back to his house delightfully, he didn’t find Amal as she was still at work but he Found her son playing with a plastic gun, then he decided to spend the time teaching this lovely kid how to shoot efficiently, Amal wasn’t surprised by the scene when she returned back from work as she got used to it as well, however she repeated her habitual words "These toys can cause serious damage if they hit a child's eye.", Abu Tammam replied to her concerns by saying: forget about it, I have a 48 hour exceptional leave, may you prepare your bags to travel by tomorrow morning, Amal smiled and asked: but we don’t have an entry visa ?!, he replied: don’t worry, I know a very good friend who will help with it.
In the next morning, Amal boarded the bus heading to the Turkish border. The bus took about five hours to reach their destiny via the destroyed roads, the bus then stopped few kilometers away from the checkpoints. Abu Tammam turned to Amal and said: Wait for me, Abu Tammam got off the bus and walked for two kilometers until he reached the security checkpoint.
He arrived to the check point transparent room, The border officer "Monther" was busy examining the passport data before inserting the Syrian departure stamp on it. Abu Tammam stood next to the room and knocked on it lightly.
Munther turned and noticed that Abu Tammam calling him, then Munther stamped the last passport on hand and went out to Abu Tammam, Abu Tammam greeted him warmly and said: Brother Munther, I am a friend of Abu Qasim’s, Munther smiled back and said: Brother Abu al-Qasim is a very good friend.
Abu Tammam then handed him $1000 along with the three Syrian passports, Abu Tammam took the $1000 and put them lightly in his pocket and said: wait for a seconds?, after a few minutes, Munther returned to him back with the three Syrian passports and the Turkish entry visa printed on them, Abu Tammam thanked him for his kind support, then he returned back to the bus to accompany Amal back to the Turkish boarders.

When they reached the border line, Amal was still afraid of being rejected, however the Turkish soldiers smoothly let them in to the Turkish land, Amal was finally relived but after a few steps in the Turkish land, she asked her husband a very logical question “where are we going to stay Abu Tammam “simply replied: with your family, aren’t you want to visit them, she replied: sure, I don’t know their location, why don’t we ask the coast guards for help, then they moved backwards till they reached the previous check point, then Abu Tammam asked the coast guards about the way forward, one of the coast guards who speaks Arabic responded to their question by saying: you can stay in one of the down town hotel, then you can inquire about your family location via Gaziantep Provincial Directorate of Migration Management, you can easily reach it, its very close to the city center, Abu Tammam “ then said: thanks, the coast guard responded: de rien.
In the next day, the distance between their place of residence and the office of the Immigration Department didn’t take more than 15 minutes ,they reached the building that could be easily recognized the ten meters height Turkish flag placed in front of the building, when they entered the building gate, they were faced by an instructive billboard written in Arabic and Turkish, They followed the instructions and firstly waited for their turn to ask the info disk, they stood in the queue for a while waiting for their turn, and then the info desk employee asked them in a pure Arabic :How can I help you ?
Abu Tammam replied: we want to inquire about the location of a Syrian family who immigrated three years ago to turkey ,the officer asked: what the family name, Amal directly responded: Leylon, the employee then typed the family name in to the database and waited for a few seconds, before he responded back: well, Lisa Bhai Leylon, Ahed Baher Gadban and Bahi Tawfiq Lelon all staying in the Nizip Camp, Abu Tammam struggled to spell the name, Then he asked back: what’s the camp name ?, he spelled it back, NİZİP, N-I-Z-P and said: it takes about an hour to reach your destination from here, Abu Tammam said: thanks, I really appreciate your help.

Amal the travelling recalling her history with her family, at first she was only thinking of winning her argument with her mum, but this victorious feeling didn’t last for long, as it discovered that she is chasing a dream that’s far from reality, She returned back to her mother as a veteran, she suddenly recognized that her mum was having a point in their previous argument when she said: I am not interesting in living in a civil war, she wanted to follow the steps of her first love, her dad, his disappearance was the main source of conflict with her mother, she took the side of her dad, moreover she believed that he is a super hero ,while in contrast her mother think that he was irresponsible and an idiot who didn’t think of the consequences of his action, she thought that she will take revenge for her dead when she marry one of the fighters, but all of a sudden she lost everything ,she won’t cry over the split milk, even, she won’t debate with her mother back, she only need to reunion with them back ,all of a sudden, Her self-debate was interrupted by Abu Tammam’s voice saying: It seems that we have reached our destination, she looked next to her and found white tents covering that whole place.
They got of the taxi and continued their journey across red crescent camps that covers the place, She felt that she returned five hundred years back, when the Muslims and the Christians were fighting to dominate Jerusalem.
They started searching for the tent by number, but they got lost as the numbers ordering weren’t following a clear logic, they then decided to rely on the traditional method instead, Abu Tammam started asking everyone they face about the tent using the family name, they weren’t able to find it as well, until Amal asked them using her mother name, they did even recognize until one of the residents told them: you mean the tailor tent, Amal didn’t relate, however she decided to follow their assumption.

Amal entered the tent and found everyone busy with their work, her mother on the sewing machine, Ahed sketching a new drawings, and the grandpa absorbed in doing nothing, Lisa looked in front of her and found Amal in her Islamic dress, she thought at first that she had some hallucinations as Ahed, but Amal approached her and said, “Oh Mom, I really missed you “, Lissa was yet to understand what’s happening, then she asked her dad for assistance: Dad, do you see what I am seeing right now?, The grandpa suddenly started at Amal and said: Amal, welcome back my granddaughter, it has been such a long time, Lisa stand up from her seat and said: that’s true, Amal you are back, thanks god, I have been dreaming of this moment, Amal cried and said: I'm sorry for everything mum ,wait a second, I just want to introduce you to my husband, Abu Tammam then entered the tent alongside her son Abd Allah, Lissa was little bit confused, so she asked: wasn’t your husband little bit thinner or of a brighter skin, Amal responded: mum, the other Russian one was dead, this is Abu Tammam an Egyptian fighter, 
Lissa tried to rectify her mistake by saying: your little sister was talking about the reestablishment of an Arabian union between Syria, Egypt and Libya, but I didn’t get her message, but this little boy is more like Russian not Libyan, any way: welcome back, and god bless you and your family.
At the night ,Amal could finally have a long conversation with her family, her husband Abu Tammam returned back to Syria after connecting his wife with her family, Amal was so excited to hear from them about their trip from Syria to this camp, and they as well were interested to hear from her about her life in their home country, Lisa briefly talked to her about the struggles they have been facing to gain some extra money to pay the release fees of her father, Amal asked: how much is the required fees ?, Lissa responded: well, the asking price is around ($5000) including the delivery fees, indeed, we have already paid the down payment fees ($1000), and that’s the reason why I am working in this tailor machine, Amal kept silent for a moment and said: Mum, I can pay you, Lissa asked back: do you own this amount ?, Amal decide to tell part of the story then she said: sure, my husband helped me with his strong connections to gain good money in Syria, I can pay you this amount, I miss my father too.
After the last night discussion, Amal simply provided her family with a relief to their big problem, Indeed she offered to fly to Istanbul instead of the long transportation journey via public transportation, that definitely saved them time and effort ,anyway they prepared themselves for a new beginning after their struggle span, Amal simply paid her mother the remaining amount ($4000) to pay the release fees, Osama will pay his good passenger the required amount after performing the Friday pray to help this family to unite back, for the time being, the family member were on their way to Istanbul to spend few days in Istanbul not as a debtors but as tourists, to enjoy their time in the beautiful city, They have spent less than two hours to reach Istanbul instead, they didn’t have to rush then Amal booked their stay in one of the decent hotels nearby arasta bazaar, after having their lunch, The grandpa leaded them to the bazaar after making some shopping from the souvenir shop on their way to the their Turkish creditor friend, Emer (the Turkish merchant ) was little bit surprised by their new look, he didn’t except them to repay him back very quickly, indeed he was surprised with the number of shopping bags they were carrying instead of the flags, the Turkish merchant wasn’t the only surprised one, Um-Salim indeed was so surprised as well, so she asked Lissa about the source of income, Lissa even didn’t ask herself this question!, so she replied to her friend inquiry by saying: If it's meant to happen it will at the right time for the right reasons.

When the family returned back this time from Istanbul, they were carrying gifts for everyone in the camps, Lissa never forget her companions especially her good friend Um Salim, she bought a new black suit for her husband to maintain his prestige among the camp residents and she gifted her and Salim as well, with gifts and perfumes for the people of the camp.
Lisa did not forget her struggle companion, Umm Salim, On Friday, after performing the Friday pray Osama met his good friend Baher who promised him to deliver the required order within 20 working days.

16

In a far and narrow place not too so far from the camp location, Ahed father “Baher Ghadban” was lined up in the floor along with other prisoners, this silence was broken by the sound of some footsteps of a policeman and cell guard, followed by the sound of an opening keys, all of a sudden the door was finally opened to shed light on the poor grumpy faces, The cell guarder shouted on them to stand up then he said: the prisoner names I am going to call are going to be released based on a presidential blessing, then he called the names of ten of the prisoners including Baher, Then he folded the paper in hand and said: this decree is part of the presidential blessing in celebrating Eid al-Adha holidays, based on the presidential blessing decree, 553 of the prisoners nationwide are going to be released, prisoners who haven’t heard their names ,perhaps will be released by the next precedential blessing decree.

At the same instance, Baher Sarhan was negotiating with General Bassim Abu Shanab over the release fees, after having his coffee, General Bassem: I think we have agreed on $5000 not $4000, Baher tried to reply in a decent way: I believe we have payed the $1000 as a down payment to proceed in the process, General Bassem lighted his cigarette and said: I think that this price was before value added taxes, Bassem simply asked: and how much is the value added tax ?, the general smiled and said: only 10 %, I mean $ 500, Baher then have had no other choice except to pay the added amount.
After ending up the release procedures ,Baher Ghadban finally accompanied Baher Sarhan to the outside world, Baher left him in one of the cafes until he handle some arrangements, “Baher Ghadban” was little bit confused with the atmosphere of the café, Even the name looks little bit weird for him “Субота”, he used to know some English before entering the prison, he must have forgot the few knowledge he did not understand the meaning of the word, perhaps he forgot what he knew from the English language during his prison and then when looked backwards he found five soldiers in khaki shirts tossing five glasses of vodka, he has never seen people tossing a Turkish coffee, At that moment he realized that he must has lost his mind in the prison, few minutes later Baher Sarhan returned back to him to provide him with some declarations.

Baher told him when he returned back: we are going to stay here for about two days before travelling to Turkey, the other Baher surprisingly asked :Why don’t we returned back to Aleppo?, Baher took a deep breath and said: it’s a long story to explain, but to put it short, your family immigrated to one of the camps in Gazi Entap in Turley three years ago, He tried to take it easy then he asked: haven’t you observed anything strange in this café and then he pointed to the Russian guests over there, its seems that many tourists are visiting Syria right now, Baher Sarhan looked behind and said: You mean those fellows, they are our Russian friends ,my father has always told me Russians are good loyal friends, they never let you down ,his words really touched Baher Ghadban’s then he asked: But how do we deal with them, they do not speak Arabic?, Baher smiled and said: the Russian language is very easy to learn, if you responded with “хорошо” you can deal with any circumstances in Russian, Baher Ghadban said: oh, that’s too easy, I mean sound similar to Arabic pronunciation, so saying хорошо will make me get along better with Russians, Baher Promptly responded :sure.

In the evening, the two of them were waiting for their order to be prepared by a Syrian Shawarma shop, the mixture smell of Shawarma spices reminded baher of his good old days, when he dreamed of being a football star, who travelled everywhere to represent his country and his club, he has spent his childhood dreaming of it, however it was suddenly disappeared at the age of 15, when he couldn’t pass the football tests of the local club Al-Karama, he dreamed of being anything else but not a political prisoner, His recalling was suddenly interrupted by the sound of the chief saying: your order, Baher was still confused how to respond properly to him, then he spontaneously responded: хорошо, хорошо.
The two of them spent their way back to home chatting on different topics, especially that Baher has spent long time in jail and he was totally disconnected with the outside words, Baher Ghadban started the conversation by saying: you know I started to believe that we have too much things in common with the Russians, they apparently looks different but…, Baher Intervened by saying: my father always told me that the Russians are good loyal friends who never let their friends feel lonely, Baher then said: you know it’s the first time to realize that Syrian and Russia use the same exact alphabet in Arabic, it must be a sign, Baher said sure: Russia and Syria sound similar.

In the next day, Baher Ghadban woke up early to get ready for their trip turkey, Baher told him that he know a good friend working on the immigration office who can facilitate their entrance to the Turkish territory, They arrived to the border line after three hours, Baher took his Syrian passport after ensuring the passport validity, they walked together along the same road that Amal walked through few days ago, in order to visit her family in Turkey, they softly knocked in the glassy window of the check point, Munther(the same officer who provides assistance for all Syrians who pay) was little bit busy, anyway Munther examined the passports on hand and then received their request, Baher Sarhan handed him the passport along with $500 and said: General Bassim told me that you offer your help to all Syrians without discrimination, Munther counted the received amount and said god save the Syrians.
They arrived to the camp at Friday afternoon, the streets of the camp were vacant as the residents were having their nap, Baher Sarhan lead him towards the rich tent as they are no longer tailoring since the arrival of Amal to them ,Lissa tent was easily distinguished by the smell of meat cooking during the last weeks, he left Baher in front of his family tent and went to visit his friend to inform him of the delivery accomplishment, Osama Al-Adeeb wiped his mouth after having his lunch and went out of the tent to respond to his friend call, Baher Sarhan cheerfully said: finally your neighbor husband is back, Osama smiled and said: great, we still have 30 days as warranty, Baher smiley said: don’t worry, I think he is in a good mood.
At this instance, Baher remained silent in front of his family tent waiting for his family permission to enter as if he returned as a stranger to them, after a few minutes he decided to call the grandpa to ask for his permission first, the grandpa replied immediately to the stranger call and went out to respond, the grandpa didn’t show any surprising expression in his reception, maybe he was waiting for his arrival along the other family members or may be it doesn’t matter, even his long hair that made him one of the Beatles didn’t caught his attention, he simply welcomed him in a cold blood by saying: welcome back !, Baher then entered the tent with his shabby appearance, for the first while, he kept staring at Ahed as if he didn’t miss anyone else except her, she might represent to him the time he had spent in jail, as he left her few months after she was born, he stayed for a while in this status until Lissa went to hug him, He cried a lot afterwards, he realized simply that he was back, but something strange happened to him as he kept his silence mood during the lengthy conversations of lissa, she told him about their endurance and their sufferings during his absence, he didn’t show too much attention except for her words about Ahed, as if he didn’t miss anyone else, Lissa wasn’t so happy with his return as she would have excepted, may be because he is very different or maybe because he didn’t seem to miss her as well.

17

In the next day the camp residents woke up everyone woke up by the sound of the Turkish army vehicles, one of the soldiers bowed in the military flute to signal the announcement of an important statement to the camp residents, One of the military generals declared the following statement to them: the land camp has been considered as a buffering zone to limit the illegal immigration from the northern Syria to turkey and to protect the camp residents from the possible clashes between Turkish forces and Kurdish fighters, Accordingly it was decided to transfer the camp’s residents to the Greek border strip instead, then he folded the paper and asked the residents if they have questions, One of the camp residents raised his hand and asked: The people here suffers from some problems like the of lack purified water, as well as the level of educational and health services aren’t up to the standards, The military commander nodded his head while he was listening to the translator and then said: I can assure you that living by the Evros River will provide you with a sustainable water source, you may also enjoy swimming in the river during the summer, Osama was carefully listening to the commander words, however he provoked his wife by saying: do they eat salt cod over there ,Umm Salim asked him: what is the salt cod ? He responded: Gabriel Garcia Marquez said that the Cuban people used to eat salt cod during the days of the US bans ,She replied: please, that's not funny.
Osama then stands up to practice his role as the camp lawyer then he raised his hand, Osama began his question or his speech by saying: We highly appreciate the efforts made by the Turkish government and people towards the Syrian refugees especially in the fields of rescue, education, health and social affairs, in this regards we encourage the Turkish government, so we appeal to the Turkish government And the neighboring countries to work together towards the reunification of Syrian families, who were restricted by laws and procedures to obtain entry and work visas, the commander was fed –up with this lengthy introduction then he asked the translator to ask for the question, the translator then interrupted Osama long speech and said :excuse me, do you have a specific question, Osama struggled for a while before responding: I just wanted to remind you that according to the international law of refugee protection, the state doesn’t has the right to expel a refugee from its territory except if their presence poses a threat to the national security of the state, or if he /she has committed a serious crime, and even then, the state must give the underlined person an appropriate period of time to search for a different location.

The military commander firstly showed discontent facial expressions while he was listing to the translator then he firmly responded back: assure you, sir, that you will relocate in another Turkish territory that’s more safe and I assure you as well that we follow and respect the international law of refugee protection, Then he ordered the translator to ask if there any other questions, The military commander finally smiled and said: Well, please prepare your luggage to leave the camp by tomorrow morning, have a good day, Lissa returned to her tent to get prepared for her new mission, while Amal and Ahed kept chatting with their father who was responding to any opinion questions by saying :the main problem inherited in the system, without clarifying which system he is talking about.
In the next morning, three large white trucks stood outside the camp to transfer the camp residents to their new location, the number of trucks weren’t sufficient to transfer the camp residents in one day, as each truck can accommodate about sixty people maximum, which made the camp residents rush towards the three buses who left the majority of the camp residents behind, Lissa was upset with the way of relocating, she declared her dissatisfaction by saying: this process will take few months to transfer us to the new location, Amal then offered to spend few days in Istanbul before travelling to their new location, Lissa disagreed with her by saying: they may dropped off our name from the refugees list if we didn’t join this process, let hope tomorrow will be better.
Lisa woke up in the morning disparate to end this process, she wake-up her family very early in the morning and said: We have no other choice but to walk among this chaotic crowd to secure a place for us in the travelling vehicles, When the white buses arrived on that day, Lisa’s grabbed her father hand and said, “Let’s go ahead”. Lissa rushed and kept her father close to her, while Baher took care of her little daughter and Amal in the middle of the crowd.
The chaotic crowd prevented Lissa from hearing her father’s screaming, the Grandpa’s hand slipped away and Lisa didn’t feel that she lost him until she got in to the bus, Lissa got off the bus immediately to look for her father among the crowd, but after it was too late.
Lisa waited in the camp for the funeral service in the state Gaziantep to proceed in the burial procedures, None of the mourners knew her father however they pray for him and wish him a better life, The burial ceremony ended before sunset, and Lisa remained in the streets of Gaziantep looking for her family after they left her to the Greek borders, she lost her mind after the accident or maybe she lost the name of the new location they were travelling to.

On the other side, on the Greek borders with turkey, there was no established camp for the new comers, Ahed, Amal and their father found themselves standing in a long queue in front of the Greek border, Ahed didn’t realize that her life in the camp was a bless in comparison to her new life, Some of the protesters tried to cut the barbed wire to enter the Greek border, which inspired the Greek border guards on the other side to fire tear gas in the surrounding area.
Ahed ran away to escape from the tear gas, until she stood on a wooden bridge and starred down to the bottom of the Evros river, she thought for a while to suicide to end her continuous misery, she said to herself: it’s a jump and then, it is all over, there is no light at the end of the tunnel, I will spend my whole life searching for the true Syrian friends, do I follow the path of my father, sister or mother, in the middle of her confusion, she heard the sound of fireworks, she looked upwards at fireworks in the sky, she was no longer afraid of it, her mother and grandfather left her to face her faith, having nothing left to lose, she restart again with the aim to survive and reunite her family.


About the Author


Instructions for this section: Karim has completed his Doctorate degree in Business Administration (DBA) on march 2021 at the graduate school of business at the Arab Academy for Science, Technology and Maritime Transport, Karim DBA dissertation addressed the efficiency of the Logistics Performance Index (LPI) Weighting System produced by the World Bank, this is his first novel.


Connect with [Karim Aboul-Dahab]

I really appreciate you reading my book! Here are my social media coordinates:
Friend me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/karim.aboudahab1
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/goldenkiko33
Connect on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/karim-abu-el-dahab-b1760419/
