All The Way Gone
David Kearns

Copyright 2021 David Kearns

Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by David Kearns
All The Way Down
All The Way Under
All The Way Back
Pretenders
Smashwords Edition, License Notes:
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication: For Carole Sue and Teddy LaRue
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance of the characters to actual persons living or dead is purely coincidental.
Delorean
I’m on Oceanside Beach when they cross my path. It’s a Saturday night in early September, and I’m out for a five-mile run on sand that’s flat, wide, and dry. It’s eighty degrees and the air is dead still, seeming to amplify the slap and hiss of the shallow waves collapsing against the beach. The moon, a regular companion for my nighttime runs, paints the scenery like an old black-and-white movie. I can’t say that I mind it. Clouds intermittently darken my path, but for now the sand looks grey, the foam in the surf is lacy silver, and the grass on the hillock between the beach and Pacific Avenue is a ghostly white. I’m leaving the last of the lights in Oceanside behind, and ahead it’s just darkness and sand and water.
Even though I haven’t run far, I’m already looking forward to getting home and drinking a cold beer on the deck of my rental house. Usually I want an India Pale Ale after a workout, but sometimes an Imperial Stout goes down pretty well. Maybe I’ll have the IPA on the deck while I’m cooling off from my run and then drink the Stout in the living room while watching a movie. When you live alone, these are the kinds of discussions you have with yourself. If Sandy were still around, we’d probably bypass the beer entirely and just sit outside and look at the stars. It’s a funny thing, and maybe it’s a sign of mental illness, but sometimes I think I hear her calling my name from the bedroom when I’m cooking in the kitchen, or I imagine hearing her voice beside me when I’m jogging on the beach. She’s moved to Washington D.C., though, and she’s not coming back. She’s in another world since she became a United States Senator’s Chief of Staff; I’m sure she has her hands full from sunup to sundown.
At any rate, I’ve just gotten into a steady rhythm when revelers ahead of me interrupt the quiet and solitude I crave. A woman’s voice carries on the still air as she shouts the word asshole and then give it back. I hear a man’s voice chiding and then laughing. There’s enough moonlight that I can see fresh footprints in the sand, and they’re headed the same direction I’m going. The indentations look like they belong to a woman wearing low-heel flats, her right foot turned slightly inward, and he’s wearing lug-soled hiking boots with heels rounded off from long use. They aren’t walking, either. The length of her stride and the amount of sand she’s kicking up tells me she’s running. Strangely, the direction of his footprints tells me he’s facing her as he jogs backward. I’m thinking about what that means as I watch her shape materialize in the distance as a woman wearing a white blouse over a dark, mid-thigh skirt and black shoes. It startles me to see a woman running on the beach at night dressed like that.
She’s probably two hundred yards away, but I guess her height at five feet five, and her hair looks brown or black, shoulder length. I watch her stumble, falling on the sand and rolling before coming to a stop on hands and knees. She lets out a scream of pure frustration, gets to her feet and starts running again. Then I see the object of her pursuit, and he’s about twenty yards in front of her in a sleeveless t-shirt, jeans, and work boots. At least six feet tall, built like someone who uses his muscles for a living, and he’s wearing a Halloween wolf mask. He’s hustling backwards, waving something at her, staying out of reach. With his height advantage and longer legs he could turn around and outrun her if he wanted to get away. Instead, it looks like he’s pacing himself, staying close enough that she’ll keep chasing him until he’s lured her to a place where no one will see or hear the assault.
“Like hell,” I say out loud.
When I run, I carry a ten-pound dumbbell in each hand to give my arms a workout, but I drop the dumbbells as I pick up the pace. I hear the sound of my breath kicking up, feel my legs moving beneath me, the wind rushing past my ears. I’m really cooking as I start to close the gap to the two of them, my arms and legs pumping in a satisfying cadence of power and motion. I feel something primal building in me as the adrenaline starts to flow, the balls of my feet hitting the sand with the staccato pitch of a sewing machine, and my stride builds towards full-tilt-ass-kicking mode. I’m about a hundred and fifty yards from war.
That’s when he stops running backwards and holds something out to her like it’s a gift, like he’s handing a corsage to his date on prom night. I see a quick flash, and I realize that he’s taken a picture of her with the camera on his cell phone.
A hundred yards.
I watch her slow to a stop, and then reach for whatever he’s holding. He grabs her outstretched hand and yanks her towards him, throwing her off balance.
“Oh, shit,” I think. “He’s got hold of her.” I feel another jolt of adrenaline, and I find a new gear in my body’s transmission. I start moving at a pace that could qualify for the U.S. Olympic track team. The wind roars in my ears from the speed I’m putting down, and I’m barely aware of my feet making contact with the sand. I’m not running any more, I’m flying. And I’m coming in for a landing on the wolfman.
Fifty yards.
I see her free hand come around, reaching towards the muzzle on his wolf-mask. Then he screams like one of his tonsils was ripped out, and as he lets go of her I stupidly think, “That’s what a wolfman sounds like.” I see her take a short step back and then drive her right foot into his crotch like she’s trying to kick a football through the uprights from the fifty-yard line. He lets out a second howl, this one so full of murderous pain that I fear for her life. I know he’s going to kill her if I don’t get there in time. I’m certain of it.
Twenty-five yards.
He lets go of her and staggers back, and she bends over to pick something up. As he tugs at the mask with one hand and cups his balls with the other, she backs away while shouting profanities.
She’s moving straight into my path, and I hit the brakes so I don’t mow her down with my momentum.
She turns quickly in my direction, her face registering shock that someone else, another predator, is closing on her from behind.
I open my mouth to ask if she’s okay as she hits me with a full load of pepper spray, hosing down my face with what feels like liquid fire. My world turns red and implodes a split second later. Then my self-preservation instincts engage and I twist my body to keep her from kicking me in the balls, too, but the kick doesn’t come. And even with my head on fire, I’m grateful she spared me the kick to the crotch that she put on the wolfman.
I squint through scorched eyelids, watching the hazy shape of her white shirt disappear into the darkness between me and Oceanside, leaving me with lungs that feel like burning burlap sacks. No good deed goes unpunished, I guess.
I wipe my face with my tee shirt sleeve, and then try to get a read on where the wolfman is. I see through blurry eyes that he’s already gone. With resignation, I bend over and put my hands on my knees, clutching my shorts like a basketball player who’s been left in the game too long and run out of wind.
I dry heave as I shuffle towards the surf, using the sound of the crashing waves to orient me towards the water. I feel the water splashing over my shoes, my ankles, knees, and then the ice-cold Pacific hits me with a cryogenic punch to my crotch. I feel the air go out of my lungs as the shock hits me, and I fall face-first into the water, praying the salt water will put out the fire.
Does submerging in the surf actually help? To the extent that near-freezing water makes you numb in a minute or two, I guess the answer is yes. I stay under for as long as I can, rubbing my hands on my face in a futile attempt to get the pepper spray off of my skin. Then I come up for air, go back under, and rub more salt water against my face. I can’t tell that what I’m doing is making things any better, but it certainly isn’t making it any worse.
After a while my eyes don’t hurt as much. My lungs, though, where she sprayed pepper spray straight into my mouth, that’s another story. God … Damn … I can’t stop coughing. I stand up in the waist-high surf, my legs and arms anesthetized by the cold, and then move towards the sand, the surf slapping against my thighs and backside with each step I take. When I reach dry land, I peel my gritty eyelids open and take a look around. She’s still gone. He’s still gone. Game over.
I turn towards Oceanside and start the lonely walk back towards town. The smell of the pepper clings to me with the tenacity and force of skunk spray, and I consider stripping off my clothes and leaving them on the sand, but the idea of walking home naked seems worse to me than the condition I’m already in, so I leave my running gear on and trudge back to the beach access point across from The Fat Pelican. There are a few people milling around the opened double doors for the Pelican, and they turn in my direction as I cross the street.
I hear a lady compliment me on my orange spray tan as I pass. Then her companion, a man with a deep voice says, “What the hell did you get into?”
I wish I knew the answer to his question. Something I’ve never seen before, that’s for damned sure.
I continue through the parking lot for Oceanside Beach State Park, and I squish my way uphill in waterlogged running shoes past the tidy houses with their raked gravel parking spaces and waist-high ceramic pots full of sea oats, yarrow, and lantana, and take a right at the top of Maxwell Mountain Drive. Home sweet home.
I cross my parking space and step down onto the darkened deck, strip naked, and toss my clothes into the trash can. I let out a long breath and then push open the sliding door that lets me into the kitchen, and pad wet-footed to the bathroom to look at myself in the mirror. The pepper spray has stained me bright orange from my hairline to the neckline of my tee shirt. I guess the spray soaked through the shirt, too, because my chest is a pale shade of orange all the way down to my waist. I shake my head, get into the shower, and scrub my chest and face with bar soap and a washrag until all the hot water is gone. Then I towel off, palm four aspirin into my mouth, get into bed, and sleep the sleep of the dead.
Delorean
I wake up and rub my itchy eyes, wondering in my half-asleep state if my memories of the previous night are accurate. I don’t have to wonder too long, because the first coughing fit starts when I put my feet on the bedroom floor. Then I see my bloodshot eyes and faintly orange skin in the bathroom mirror and smell the cayenne pepper in my sinuses. Seems real enough. I guess the next time I put on my knight-in-shining-armor gear, I need to wear a diving helmet. I get into the shower and scrub my face with bar soap while I’m sucking on a menthol cough drop. Then I get dressed, eat breakfast, cough more dry coughs, and walk down Maxwell Mountain Road to the beach.
The wind has kicked the surf up, and root beer-colored sea foam blows across the sand like chunks of scorched Styrofoam. There are beachcombers near the parking lot, but the farther I walk the fewer people there are. I’m puzzled by people’s behavior at times. Someone will drive for hours to see the water and sand, but when they get to the beach they seldom stray more than a few hundred yards from their car. It’s like they’re afraid to explore the thing they just made a trip to look at.
After I’ve walked for a while, I find my barbells lying where I’d dropped them the previous night, and I liberate them from the wet sand before washing them off in shallow water pushed in by the tide. It feels reassuring and familiar to have the cold metal in my hands again. I’ve run with those weights so many times they feel like an extension of my arms. I continue another couple hundred yards before coming to a place where I can still see evidence in the sand of last night’s confrontation. There are round-heel boot prints facing flat, petite shoeprints, a muddle of smeared marks where she turned and ran, and deep footprints from my own running shoes where I’d hit the brakes before turning towards the water.
I don’t know what I’d expected to find; I just felt like I needed to come back. I sit on the powdery sand, stare at the waves, and think about whether I should contact the police. I’m not sure what I would tell them, though. That I saw a woman lured to a remote spot where she kicked someone’s ass after being provoked? It looked to me like she got cleanly away, so wouldn’t she have called the police if she’d felt threatened? Maybe they even knew each other, and I’d be getting in the middle of a personal dispute if I called the cops. It’s possible.
A postcard-sized scrap of paper tumbles past me towards the dunes that divide the beach from Pacific Avenue. I look over my shoulder, watching the paper become lodged against a patch of beach grass, and I think about how quickly the wolfman disappeared during the brawl the previous night. The most likely exit for him was probably over the dunes and onto Pacific Avenue. I know I didn’t see him chasing the woman back towards Oceanside. I get up, wipe the sand off the butt of my jeans, and head towards the dunes.
I’m bothered when I see trash on the beach, so I stop to pull the scrap of paper from the grass. There’s more trash nearby, and I pick that up, too: a cardboard container that once held a hamburger and french fries, a ticket from a baseball game between Hampton High School and West Culler, and a faded 3x5 picture of a mom, dad, and high school girl in front of a Christmas tree. I carry the trash with me as I make my way through a cleft in the dunes and onto Pacific Avenue. I don’t see any footprints in the sand, so I assume that either the wolfman went south towards Netarts or the wind has already covered his tracks.
I puzzle over the events of the previous night during my walk back to town, but I don’t come to any conclusions that make sense. I drop most of the trash in the can at the Oceanside Beach parking lot, but I keep the sentimental Christmas picture because it feels like it would be bad luck for me to discard it. Am I becoming superstitious in my loneliness? Could be. When I get back to my kitchen, I tack the picture to the cork board by the sink, make another cup of coffee, and get started on my day.
Brett
They first met when Brett built a brick patio for Leon’s aging beach house in Oceanside. When Brett finished the job, Leon had offered him a beer as a reward, but once the two of them started drinking, one beer turned into a six-pack, and then another six-pack, and they became drinking buddies.
When they realized they had a shared affection for alcohol, the two of them fell into a routine of getting together at Leon’s house for heavy drinking every Saturday night. They chugged beer, whiskey, rum, and vodka while watching action films, porn films, and war documentaries. Graphic sex and carnage were the prevailing themes. Brett couldn’t get enough of it.
One night, when Brett was so hammered on tequila he could barely find his way to the bathroom, he came back to find Leon putting a tape into the VHS player.
“You’re about to see something special,” Leon said.
Brett staggered to the threadbare recliner by the sofa, took a seat, and pulled the handle that lifted the footrest.
“Wow me,” Brett said.
The video started to play, and Brett could tell the film was made by an amateur. It was a night scene that looked like it was shot through the rear window of a panel van. The view was of a suburban street of single-story houses, the nearest home with a kid’s bike laying on the grass in the front yard. Someone walked past on the sidewalk, facing away from the camera.
A hand holding a spotlight entered the video frame, as if they wanted to make it clear the spotlight was part of what was about to happen. Then the hand banged the spotlight against the rear window.
The person on the sidewalk stopped and then looked in the direction of the camera. There was a loud click as the spotlight turned on, and the scene changed from being near-darkness to the blinding white of a nuclear flash. The black, amorphous shape of a pedestrian changed into a woman in her forties wearing a knee-length trench coat. Her hand went quickly to her face to block the light, and there was another loud click as the spotlight turned off, plunging the street scene into darkness again. Then the rear door of the van opened, and a man carrying a carpenter’s hammer climbed out.
Brett heard the woman’s voice saying, “Why did you do that? I can’t see.”
Then the hammer began to swing with a brutality and violence far exceeding anything Brett had ever seen. It made the other movies he’d been watching with Leon seem like child’s play.
When the film was over, Leon went to the VHS player and popped the tape out.
“You ever tell anybody about what I just showed you,” Leon said, “and I’ll kill you.”
Brett nodded, feeling shocked to his core by what he’d seen, scared to be in the same house with a murderer, but also in awe of Leon for his cunning and ferocity. There was no hesitation at all in what Leon had done. He’d straight-up slaughtered an innocent person after rendering them helpless, and he did it in the most violent way possible. At the end of the assault, Leon had dragged the body into the back of the van, closed the doors, and shut off the camera.
That night as Brett fell asleep on the sofa, he felt his body vibrating with a new kind of energy. For the first time in his life, he wondered what it would be like to completely control another person’s existence. He’d never experienced any power in his life, always been told what to do by his parents, his teachers, his bosses, his customers, you name it. He started thinking about how much he’d like to be in control, and to see visceral fear in someone’s eyes as they awaited their execution.
Two days after Leon showed Brett the homemade snuff film, Leon was jailed on a DUI arrest. It was his fourth DUI, so he could have gotten two years in prison. The judge had mercy on him and gave him nine months.
———
When Leon was incarcerated, Brett felt a sense of relief. He didn’t mind having a little distance between himself and someone who murdered pedestrians with a hammer. However, Leon seemed to want to keep the friendship going through texts and calls from a phone number Brett didn’t recognize.
The most recent text from Leon seemed to be about how fearsome he was becoming by lifting weights all day, and how he still considered himself an apex predator, whether or not he was locked in a cage.
Brett replied that it was good Leon was staying strong, saying that prison can break some people down.
Leon responded that the experience was only making him stronger, and he told Brett to grow some hair on his balls and start acting like a wolf instead of a sheep.
Leon’s insult had led Brett to start thinking about doing some hunting on his own, which had led to the disastrous encounter on Oceanside Beach with Tara.
———
Now Brett sits on the sofa in his darkened living room. The curtains are pulled shut across the window that separates his living room from the small, overgrown back yard. The television is on, but the sound is muted and the screen shows a woman announcer pointing at a highway map of Portland. The interchange for Highway 84 and Interstate 5 is colored green.
“Hey, Traffic Lady,” he says. “I’m already in Portland. Show me something useful for a change.”
He’s got a bag of frozen peas on his bare crotch, and it feels like he’s probably going to get frostbite before the swelling goes down. He lifts the peas to give the freezer burn a chance to subside, then lowers the bag again, setting off a fresh wave of nausea. He prays that the bruising and swelling doesn’t mean his manhood will have to be amputated.
He lifts Tara Lowry’s driver’s license off the end table and thinks about how he took a picture of her with his cell phone camera before he grabbed her wrist. He’d planned to pull her into a bear hug before taking her to the ground, but she’d used her free hand to fill his wolf mask with pepper spray, cooking his head like fresh dough in a pizza oven. Then she’d kicked him in the nuts so hard it felt like someone had hooked jumper cables to his scrotum.
He tips his head back against the sofa, lets out a long groan, and fantasizes about what he’d do differently if he had it to do over again. He knows the Oceanside debacle was a missed opportunity, but he’d picked up Tara’s driver’s license after she got away, so tracking her down shouldn’t be too hard. He won’t play any games when he goes after her next time, either. His attack will be overwhelming force followed by total annihilation. If he had a bazooka or a flamethrower, he’d use it on her.
His phone buzzes to indicate the arrival of another message from Leon, this time asking if Brett has started hunting yet.
Brett responds by sending the picture of Tara that he took on Oceanside Beach. In the photo, she looks upset and startled. Her mouth is open, obviously saying something angry.
Leon sends another text in response. “You have more courage than I gave you credit for. Maybe you’re not a coward after all.”
Brett glares at his phone and seethes at Leon’s comment as he puts down his cell phone and reaches for the bag of frozen peas.
“One of these days,” Brett says, “I’ll show you who the apex predator is.”
Delorean
Two weeks after the incident on the beach with the wolfman, I’d largely put the event out of my mind as I went about the daily routine of summer maintenance work on my landlord’s growing collection of rental homes. At one time, I’d planned to move away from Oceanside because my landlord wouldn't renew the lease on the rental house, but he changed his mind when he saw the improvements I’d made after Sandy’s gunfight with Anthony Peck. Sandy’s shotgun blasts had destroyed the kitchen, forcing me to replace the cabinets, the flooring, and the sliding glass door that opens onto the deck. When I was finished with the repairs it all looked good as new, and my landlord made me an offer I couldn’t refuse. He told me that if I’d agree to oversee renovations on his other properties, I could stay in my house rent-free, and he’d pay me a hundred dollars an hour for my time. I agreed to his offer without taking too long to think about it. It isn’t like I needed a regular paycheck, either. I’ve taken a sizable amount of cash from some very bad people over the years, but the prospect of living rent-free in my house was too good to pass up.
I like fixing things that are broken, so working as a remodeling contractor isn't a bad gig. Most of my landlord’s houses need some drywall work, new carpet, hardwood floor refinishing, minor plumbing updates, painting, and new windows when the old ones lose their seals. If I don’t feel like tackling a job myself, I just hire it out to a contractor from Tillamook. I can work at my own pace, work the hours I want, and some days not work at all.
On an average day I wake up, make coffee, then head downstairs and use the universal gym. I start with pull-ups, push-ups, and lat pull downs. Then I move to open fly, bench press, preacher curls, sit ups, plank, and leg press before doing a hundred kicks on the training bag, starting slow and increasing in speed and intensity until I’m hitting as hard and fast as I can, and the contact of my kicks bends the heavy bag in half and pops it vertically on the chain. Then I tape up my knuckles, pull on the speed gloves, and go after the bag like I’m trying to beat hell out of the devil. The one that’s outside of me, I mean.
When my arms and legs are shaking from fatigue, I go upstairs to the kitchen, drink a second cup of coffee, and head to the beach for my first run of the day. Oceanside Beach is my all-time favorite place for roadwork. I jog down Maxwell Mountain Drive through the parking lot for Oceanside Beach State Park, across the strip of polished black rocks and onto the sand. Then I clear my head and start the ten-mile round trip to Netarts.
When I get back from my run, I shower, dress, eat breakfast, and leave for whatever construction project my landlord has asked me to handle. He has nine rentals in Oceanside, and a dozen more scattered along the northern Oregon coast. There’s always something that needs to be repaired, and the to-do list seems to grow by the day. He says he’s in the process of buying another rental house in Oceanside, so that will mean more work. The influx of Californians from summer wildfires has pushed housing prices up, but it’s still fairly cheap to buy property. It’s not a tough calculation to make, either: buy a house on a 30-year loan at a low interest rate, rent it out at a price that covers the mortgage, and use the equity you’re building in the property as collateral when you buy your next home. This strategy works great unless the housing market collapses like it did in 2008, leaving you upside down on a loan for a house no one can afford to rent or buy.
Regardless, my landlord’s homes are in a constant state of decline from the salt air, rain, and abuse from renters. It’s manageable if you stay on top of the repairs, though, and not all that complicated. If you can watch a YouTube video and aren’t afraid of hard work, you can probably do 90% of the projects required to keep a home rentable.
Today’s project requires pressure washing the exterior of the rental house I live in. The paint is white, but age and salt air has tinted the house’s siding the color of a tobacco smoker’s teeth, with patches of lime green mold growing in the shady spots beneath the deck and on the north side of the house. I’m currently at the top of a rented three-story extension ladder, spraying the surface with a mixture of water, soap, and bleach. The view from the living room and deck of my house is already stunning, but from the top of a three-story ladder the scenery is even more spectacular. The rooftops of Oceanside fall away precipitously in a patchwork quilt of black, red, brown, and grey that stretches downhill to the tiny downtown area and the strip of beachfront homes on the far side of Pacific Avenue. The sun is bright, the Pacific Ocean is a placid color halfway between blue and green, and birds circle over the wildlife refuge of Three Arch Rocks. I hear car doors slamming and kids laughing in the parking lot for Oceanside Beach. Seagulls call to each other as they glide on the breeze, and I smell the salt in the air. The only way my afternoon could get any better would be if I had an ice-cold glass of Imperial Stout in my hand. It isn’t even lunchtime yet, though, so I hold off on my beer-drinking and try to appreciate the timeless quality of a sunny morning in Oceanside.
Even Oceanside is in a state of change, though. Homes being bought, sold, and rented. New faces and new neighbors moving in, more-familiar faces moving out. Case in point: the home directly downhill from mine, maybe fifty feet from the ladder I’m standing on.
I haven’t been introduced to my new neighbors yet, but I’m intrigued. They’ve put a brass-and-glass sculpture on their back porch, and the breeze makes the windmill portion of the sculpture spin, throwing prismatic shards of light across the back side of my house. I have a bird’s eye view from my vantage point at the top of the ladder, and I can see through their opened french doors that they’ve emptied out the furniture in their family room and turned the space into an artist’s studio. There’s a huge blank canvas on the wall, and a lady wearing tan capri pants and a yellow halter top standing in front of it. Her shoulder-length hair is the color of the reddest rose, and it looks like there’s some sort of tattoo covering most of her back. To her right, a can of paint rests on a table fashioned from sawhorses and a square of plywood. I feel like I’m invading her privacy, so I turn my attention back to the task at hand: pressure washing my house.
I’m about to pull the trigger on the pressure washer handle when my cell phone vibrates. I rest the spray gun on the top rung of the ladder, pull the phone from my back pocket, and tip my sunglasses up on top of my head.
“Acme Painting,” I say. “No job too big or too small.”
“How’s it going, Delorean?” It’s Andrew Tiner, my boss and landlord.
“It’s going,” I say. “I’m about halfway through pressure washing. I’m almost finished with the side facing the beach. The paint is looking better. Blasting off the moss really helps.”
“Glad to hear it. You’re going to paint it the same color as before, right?”
“That’s the plan. I still have to let everything dry, and scrape and prime the bad spots first, but yeah, that’s right.”
“How long do you think it will take?”
“Maybe three days, depending on how much bad paint and rot I find. How many boards I have to replace.”
Rotten siding is the bane of anyone doing home maintenance in the Pacific Northwest. When I mention siding repairs to Andrew, he acts like I’m giving him hives.
“Have you actually seen rotten boards?” he asks. I can hear the panic in his voice. The price of cedar planks is high. Replacing all the siding on a house could cost twenty thousand dollars or more.
“Not yet,” I say. “But I think it’s a given that we’re going to find some bad wood. This is a sixty-year-old house with a lot of exposure. Wait a second. I think I just found a problem.” I rub my hand on a place where I’d blasted off the old paint, uncovering a large crack that needs to be caulked. It might make more sense to replace the whole board.
“All right. All right. Let’s just hope for the best. I’m not building the Taj Mahal, right? I just want the place sealed nice and tight for the winter and looking good, okay? We don’t need to gild the lily.”
“I wasn’t planning on doing any gilding.”
“You know what I mean. Just do things that make sense. I’m not looking for perfection.”
“That’s a relief. To get perfection, I’d need to scrape the house to the foundation and start over.” A seagull flies past at eye level, maybe ten feet away. I’m intruding in his flight pattern, and he gives me the stink eye as he glides past. I curl my upper lip at him in reply, standing my ground.
“I wondered if I could buy you dinner tomorrow night,” Andrew says. “There’s something I want to talk to you about.”
I hear country music coming from the neighbor’s house, something with a toe-tapping base beat and electric guitars with an edge as rough as sandpaper. I look down from my vantage point through my neighbor’s opened french doors. She’s still standing in front of the canvas, her hand on her hip, waiting for creative lightning to strike. The sunshine illuminates the butterfly tattoo covering most of the skin on her back. The brilliant red, gold, and blue colors of the butterfly wings are beautiful, even at a distance.
“Wow,” I say.
“It’s just dinner,” Andrew says. “I’m not buying you a new car.”
I turn my attention back to the task at hand, thinking about whether I should use a different attachment on the pressure washer. The nozzle I’m using produces such a tight stream of pressurized water that sometimes it strips good paint off the wood when it blasts the moss from the siding.
“Sorry. I was distracted. Dinner sounds fine.”
“Can we meet at the Pelican at seven?”
Motion at my neighbor’s house catches my attention again, and I look down through the opened french doors. I watch her shimmy out of her capri pants and untie the halter top. I feel guilty for intruding on her privacy, but not guilty enough to stop looking. I let out a breath, and then force myself to pay attention to the fact that I’m three stories up on a ladder. I turn back to the pressure washer wand and the yellowed paint.
“Okay,” I say. “Focus.”
“So, tomorrow night at seven. Did you hear me?”
“Yeah.”
“Is everything okay?”
“Yeah. Yeah. Everything’s fine.”
“So. Seven o’clock. The Pelican? Right?”
“Sure. Seven o’clock. I’ll be there.”
“I’ll let you get back to your pressure washing.”
I hear the gas motor on the compressor idling at the base of the ladder, and I think about how much work I have left to do.
“You got it,” I say.
I slip my phone into my pocket and put my sunglasses back on. Then I pull the trigger on the pressure washer wand and start blasting more moss, sea salt, and grime off of the wood.
I work my way down to the bottom of the ladder, pleased that I’ve finished the side of the house facing the beach. I refill the compressor reservoir holding the soap and bleach mix before lifting the fully-extended ladder with great care and rotating it around the corner of the house, taking pains to keep the ladder perfectly vertical so that it won’t tip and cause me to lose control of it. Once I have the ladder leaning against the south side of the house, I slide a piece of scrap two-by-four under the downhill foot of the ladder to level it on the uneven ground. Then I start climbing with the pressure washer wand again. As I ascend the ladder, the view into my neighbor’s house tests both my virtue and willpower. I’m weak on both counts, apparently. She’s still standing in front of the canvas, but this time she’s covered from knees to shoulders in red paint.
I can see that after painting her own skin she’d rolled herself against the big canvas, making a series of red marks as she moved from left to right. On the left side the marks are bright, distinct, and bloody, in places looking like she’d thrown herself against the canvas. On the right side the red color is barely visible, as if she’d ceased to exist. I’m no expert in modern art, but the emotional impact of the painting is intense. What she’s done on the canvas makes me feel as if I’m watching someone’s soul being beaten out of existence. I let out a deep breath and turn my attention back to my own house, trying to forget about what I’ve just witnessed.
Delorean
The next evening I’m sitting with Andrew Tiner and Marcus Wheeler at the big oak bar of The Fat Pelican. When Andrew invites me to dinner to discuss the renovations on his rental homes, he picks up the tab, writing it off on his taxes as a business expense. My friend Marcus is visiting from Idaho, and the three of us take the last empty seats at the antique bar, facing our reflections in the huge mirror while we watch the bartender fill glasses with craft beers for the mix of locals, day-trippers from Portland, and tourists who’ve come for the scenery and whale watching. The big screen television shows the Portland Pickles baseball team playing the Bellingham Bells.
“Who are the Pickles?” Marcus says. “Is that an expansion team? I never heard of these guys.”
“It’s a college team,” Andrew says. “They’re pretty good, too.”
Andrew is dressed impeccably, as always. Even in a brewpub, he wears a dark blue coat and pressed khaki slacks over a pair of blood-red tasseled loafers. His white shirt looks freshly starched and his tie is the color of a canary. I never asked his age, but his thinning grey hair and the lines in his face belong to someone who’s at least sixty-five. In conversation he seems like a businessman who’s got everything under control, but I’ve come to believe that beneath his polished exterior and calm demeanor there’s something going on that’s wearing him out. To me, he seems as tightly wound as a clock spring. Maybe money can’t buy happiness after all.
Marcus Wheeler is dressed in hiking boots, blue jeans, a Boise State tee shirt, and a tan-colored canvas vest that has a dozen pockets on it. Marcus and I know each other from an adventure we shared in northern Idaho where we rescued a U.S. Senate candidate from a religious cult and destroyed a gold mine. Since then, Marcus started digging his own mine near the wreckage, and the results look promising. He’d driven over from Gold Point, Idaho to give me a status update, to share a few beers, and to plan strategy for how much bigger to make his mine. Realistically, though, I think the reason Marcus is visiting is that he’s lonely from spending so much time working the mine on his own. I ask him how much progress he’s made since the last time we talked.
“You can only do so much with a shovel and pickaxe,” Marcus says. He has a bandage wrapped around his right hand, and there are several red spots on the fabric where the blood has seeped through.
“What happened to your hand?” Andrew says.
“I was using my pickaxe to bust some rock out of a narrow space, and I scraped the skin off my knuckles.”
“I thought people used dynamite and drills for that,” Andrew says.
“They do when they scale up, sure,” Marcus says. “Thing is, you need to find something worthwhile before you bring out the dynamite and blasting caps. You ease into it. Make sure you’re onto a vein that’s worth pursuing before you use the big guns.”
Andrew asks Marcus if he’s looking for venture partners in the mine.
“I might be someday,” Marcus says. “It’s early days yet. I could have found something small, or it could be connected to something big. Until I know for sure, I’d feel bad about taking anyone’s money as an investment. Maybe in a few months I’ll know more, if you’re still interested.”
“Have you already found gold?” Andrew says.
Marcus thinks about it for a second, then reaches into his vest pocket and pulls out a pill bottle. The plastic is clear, and we can see the bottle is half full of powdered gold. Marcus sets the bottle on the bar top.
“Hello, Beautiful,” Andrew says. “You mind if I look at it?”
“Not at all.”
Andrew lifts the bottle and tips it back and forth, watching the gold powder move like liquid. “It’s heavy, isn’t it?”
Marcus swallows a sip of beer and puts the glass down. “Yes, it is. One troy ounce, around two thousand dollars.”
“And that took you how long to get out of the ground?”
“I wish I were getting it out of the ground. I got that out of a thousand pounds of rock I busted out of a hillside, hauled off fifty pounds at a time, and refined at a wildcat mill. What you’re looking at represents a week’s work and a lot of sore muscles.”
Andrew shakes the pill bottle, mesmerized. “And there’s more where this came from?”
“Well … sure. I think there’s quite a lot more.”
Andrew puts the pill bottle back on the countertop in front of Marcus. “If you had more capital to work with, could you scale the operation up?”
“Once I’m certain that what I’ve found has real potential, it might make sense to buy half a million dollars' worth of machinery and hire a crew. For now, I’m still trying to figure out where the vein is. I know there’s gold in the area, that’s a certainty. I’m just not sure yet exactly where to dig for it. Until then, there’s no point in scaling up. You see what I mean? For now, my investment is small. So, if I hit a dry hole, I’m only out the time and effort, not my life savings.”
“That makes sense,” Andrew says. “When you feel confident about what you’re into and what the potential is, I’d like to hear more about it. If you’re looking for a partner and need money to expand, let me know. All of my assets are in real estate. It would be good for me to start diversifying.”
“Well, gold mining is a whole lot riskier than real estate, but if you’re comfortable with that, and willing to let me make the decisions, I’ll keep you in mind,” Marcus says. He picks up the pill bottle and puts it back in his vest pocket.
“Has anyone bothered you at the mine?” I ask.
Marcus shakes his head. “Not so far. It’s just me and the woodchucks.”
We go back to watching the baseball game in companionable silence, eating our Buffalo meat burgers and drinking several beers each before Andrew poses a question to Marcus and me.
“Let me ask you gents something,” Andrew says.
“What’s that?” I say.
“I bid on a house the state auctioned off. My offer was accepted, and then I got a letter from another interested party offering a hundred thousand dollars more than I paid for the house.”
I shrug. “Sounds like a win.”
“I’ll take that kind of action all day long,” Marcus says. “Turn a profit and put it to work on your next investment.”
“I hear what you’re saying,” Andrew says. “It’s just that it doesn’t make sense. What he’s offering is more money than the house is worth, and there are others on the market that are a better deal at that price point. They’re newer, in a better location, or need fewer updates.”
“Does it have a great view?” I ask. “View homes often command a premium.”
“It has a nice view - like the other houses in Oceanside.”
“More square footage?” Marcus says.
“It’s a fairly small two-story house, actually.”
“What kind of shape is it in?” I ask, already thinking about how much work I’ll have to do to make the property rentable.
“It was built in the 1930s and my guess is that it needs the works. My initial estimate is a hundred and fifty thousand to get it up to snuff.”
“It sounds like a basket case with potential,” I say.
“It’s a money pit like the rest of them,” Andrew says. “But eventually all the repairs are made and I write those expenses off as investment losses against the rental income. Long term, it pays off.”
“I think houses are kind of like cars are to people,” Marcus says. “They’re personal. Everyone likes a certain kind more than the rest. It could be that way with this buyer. He came late to the game because you found the house before he did, but he thinks this is the exact right house for him.”
“Based on the appearance of the house, that’s a little hard to imagine,” Andrew says. “But maybe it reminds him of childhood memories. I just don’t know.”
“It’s possible there’s a personal connection with this guy,” I say. “They grew up in the house, or spent summer vacations there.”
“Sure,” Andrew says. “Could be.”
“Do you know who made the offer?” I say.
“No idea. The letter came from an attorney in Salem. Someone representing a third party.”
“Seems like extra trouble and expense just to remain anonymous,” I say. “Why not call you on the phone or drop a letter in the mail?”
“Maybe it’s a celebrity who wants to buy the house without the neighbors knowing about it,” Marcus says. “One with deep pockets.”
Andrew shrugs his shoulders. “Seems like a run-down home for a celebrity, but who knows?”
“Do you know who owned the house before you bought it?” I ask.
Andrew shakes his head. “I didn’t look into who had it before the state foreclosed. I saw the auction notice and looked at the pictures and location, made an offer based on my assessment, and my offer was the highest bid.”
“What’s unique about this house?” I ask. “They can’t be approaching everyone who buys a house and offering another hundred grand to make them change their mind.”
“Right,” Andrew says. “I’ve been in the real estate game for a long time, and what they’re doing doesn’t make sense. If the buyer had approached me directly, maybe I would have sold it to them. As it was, I felt like I was being played in some way, like the other buyer knows something that I don’t, or maybe wants to entangle me in some legal mess through a contract. The deal just felt wrong in my gut, so I told the attorney that I didn’t want to sell. Regardless, I own the house now, so I guess I’ll get to find out what’s so special about it.”
He reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out a ring with two brass-colored keys and a plastic tag attached. There’s an address written on the tag in black felt-tip pen. He puts the keys on the bar top and slides them in front of me.
“Why don’t you take a look when you get the chance?” Andrew asks me. “Maybe you’ll see something different than I did when I looked at the pictures on the auction web site.”
“You haven’t been through it?” I say.
“It’s a property tax foreclosure. One of those deals where you can’t go through the house ahead of time. You buy it or don’t buy it as-is after looking at a few shots of the exterior and interior. To me it looks like it has potential but isn’t that different from the others I’ve bought. The interior seems dated, and there’s a lot of deferred maintenance on the exterior. You’re my contractor, though. I’d like to hear what you think.”
“Sure, Andrew,” I say. “I’ll check it out tomorrow.”
Andrew looks towards the front door of the restaurant and does a double-take, so I glance to my right to see what he’s staring at. My new neighbor is at the entrance, standing by the hostess podium. She’s left the paint bucket at home, and she’s wearing a crimson pants suit with a white blouse and carrying a yellow canvas purse. Oval face, almond-shaped eyes, and cherry lipstick. Jill, the hostess, approaches her and leads her to the only open table in the place, a two-top to the left of the performance stage. I watch the woman sit down and flash a beautiful smile at Jill, then glance at the menu, place her order, and slide her hand into her purse to retrieve a pad and pencil. I give her points for not pulling out a cell phone and staring at it obsessively while she waits for her meal.
Jill stands beside me at the bar and tells Jerry, the bartender, that she needs an India Pale Ale and a Buffalo burger for the lady at table six. I watch Jerry go through the swinging saloon doors to place the order with the cook.
Andrew, Marcus, and I go back to enjoying our beers and discussing politics, real estate, gold mining, and favorite guns we’ve owned. Then Andrew shifts his position on his bar stool and I see that he’s wearing a small holster on his right hip. I ask him about what he’s carrying.
“It’s a nine shot thirty-two caliber,” he says. “I never go anywhere without it.”
“Have you had problems with renters?” I ask.
“No,” he says, and then pauses, clenching the muscles in his jaw. “My wife and I were jumped by muggers in downtown Portland a long time ago.” Andrew chokes up, his voice cracking with emotion. Then he swallows hard and continues. “I tried to fight them off, but there were two of them and one of me. My wife wouldn’t give up her wedding ring, and one of them shot her. She bled to death before I could get her to a hospital. When I lost her, I swore that the next time I was confronted by people like that, there’d be a different outcome. That’s when I started carrying the gun.” He lifts his beer glass from the bar and takes several deep swallows. Marcus and I look at each other, unsure of what to do.
“I’m sorry about your wife,” Marcus says quietly.
“Did they ever catch the muggers?” I ask.
“No,” Andrew says. “It’s still an open case, but the police never really found anything. I offered a big reward that turned up lots of tips, all of them bogus. The detective working the case told me that the big reward was doing more harm than good, so I pulled it. I finally hired a private investigator when it seemed like the police were at a dead end. He couldn’t find anything, either. It’s like these muggers were ghosts or something. I just don’t know.”
“I’m sorry,” I say.
“Thanks,” he says. “I wish she was here with us tonight. She would have really enjoyed both of your company.”
“Oh yeah?” Marcus says.
“She loved gold jewelry,” Andrew says. “Just loved the color of it. She would have had a hundred questions about your gold mine.”
“Jeez,” Marcus says. “Sounds like my kind of gal.”
“Why don’t we toast her, okay?” Andrew says. He lifts his beer again and the three of us click our glasses together.
“To old lovers,” Andrew says. “They’re always in our hearts.”
The three of us are quiet again, watching the ball game on the big screen over the bar. One of the Portland Pickles hits a home run.
“Nice,” Andrew says, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand. “These guys came to play.” 
From time to time I glance at the mirror behind the liquor bottles. My neighbor’s still at her table, and I notice that she’s drawing on her sketchpad, looking up occasionally to make eye contact with me in the mirror.
Marcus says to me, “Do you know her?”
“No.”
“Really? Seems like she’s checking you out.”
“I’m just in her line of sight.”
“So am I. She’s not looking at me, though. Which is too bad, because she’s a very attractive lady.”
I look at the mirror again and see that Jill has come to the woman’s table to pick up her plate and empty beer glasses. The two of them stare at the drawing pad and then I hear Jill laugh. Marcus cheers when a batter for the Pickles hits a line drive, and I go back to watching the game.
Jill comes to the bar with a receipt and couple of twenty-dollar bills on her tray. After she closes out the woman’s tab, she lays a piece of drawing paper on the bar beside my beer glass.
“Look at this, Del,” she says, pointing at the drawing.
I see that my neighbor had been watching me in the mirror because she was sketching a portrait. Her spare, minimal strokes captured my looks as well as a camera could. I glance towards my reflection in the mirror, then down at the drawing again.
“Wow,” I say. “That’s really good.”
“I agree,” Jill says. “Think I’ll keep it for posterity.” Then she goes behind the bar, pulls a few pushpins out of the cork board, and pins my portrait alongside the posters about labor laws and not serving alcohol to minors.
Marcus lifts his chin towards my portrait. “Looks like you’re famous.”
“It was only a matter of time before my greatness was recognized,” I say.
“Joke if you want to,” Marcus says. “I’d be flattered if she drew my picture. That lady is special.”
“She’s a talented artist,” Andrew says. “That’s beautifully drawn.”
I look in the mirror to see if she’s still at her table. She’s already gone.
Delorean
The next morning, I’m standing on my front porch waving goodbye to Marcus when my cell phone buzzes. It’s Michael Ondevy, a high school kid I helped emancipate from a bad situation with his stepfather. I answer the call as I step back into the kitchen.
“Hey, do you have a minute?” he says. I can hear the anxiety in his voice. With both parents out of the picture, I know that at times he feels adrift.
“For you, always.” I pick up my coffee cup and look through the big plate glass window at the panoramic view of Oceanside, the beach, the Pacific, and the horizon.
“I’m trying to decide what to do about college, and I wanted your advice,” he says.
I’m relieved that Michael’s problem is something as mundane as deciding where to go to college. Prior to Michael’s emancipation, his stepfather’s connection with money laundering and murder nearly cost Michael his life. When I intervened, I’d told his stepfather that I’d hunt him down if he ever hurt Michael again. So far, his stepfather has kept his distance, but when Michael calls, my first thought is usually about his safety.
“Okay,” I say. “I’ll try.”
“So, you know that I’m working on college applications.”
I haven’t been dwelling on Michael’s college applications plans, but sure, I know that he’s a senior at Hampton High School, and college is on the horizon. He’s currently living in the garage apartment his girlfriend’s father rents to him. Considering that Michael had a stone-cold killer on his trail a few months ago, hunting for a college to attend seems like a pretty good problem to have.
“Right,” I say. “Time to start thinking about the future.”
“Well, the thing is that Amy is getting letters from Brown, Yale, and Dartmouth asking her to apply. And those are just the Ivy League letters.” Amy is Michael’s girlfriend, and she’s one of the top students at Hampton High School.
“Really? That sounds like good news. You said she’s a great student, right?”
“She has perfect grades. And I know she smashed the SAT and ACT. It’s just that I’m not getting letters from schools like that. And I think she’s not telling me about some of the other letters she’s getting. I found an empty envelope from Stanford in the recycling bin in the kitchen. I get the sense that she’s keeping some of these to herself because she doesn’t want me to feel bad.”
“But you did well on your standardized tests, right?”
“Top five percent. I know that’s pretty good, but I wish I’d studied for them like Amy did. I took the tests cold and didn’t get the scores I wanted.”
“Okay.”
“I’m not sure that I want to go to school on the East Coast anyway.”
“I see.”
“I wouldn’t know anybody there. And I looked at how competitive it is to get into those schools, and what the tuition costs, and if I didn’t get a full ride, it could cost three hundred thousand dollars for a Bachelor’s degree.”
“Hold on a second,” I say. “I know that’s a big number, but if you don’t have the money to pay tuition, those schools are often pretty generous about scholarships. But let’s set aside the money issue for now. What’s bothering you most? That Amy might go and you might not get in, or that if you did get in, that it might be so expensive and so hard that you’re sorry you went?”
“Just … everything,” he says. He sounds overwhelmed.
“Michael, you started this conversation by talking about Amy. Is your biggest concern that she’s going to go away to some elite school and forget about you, because she’ll be hanging around with people who are smarter than you?”
“No … Yes.”
“Okay, well, here’s a tip: if she really wants to be with you, she will be. Even if she goes to school somewhere different than you do and meets other people, some of them smarter than you and maybe better looking, too. But none of them will be you, and none of them will have shared what you two have already shared. And if she wants to be with you, those other guys won’t matter and you’ll still be together. It’s out of your control, though. If she wants to go, she’ll go. That’s the way of the world. All you can do is be yourself, and be good to her.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“Has it occurred to you that she might be worried that you’ll go somewhere different than she does, and you’ll find a new girlfriend and forget about her?”
“She hasn’t said that.”
“And she tells you every thought in her head, does she?”
“No, that’s for sure. Only when she feels like it.”
“So maybe you’re both a little nervous about what the future holds. Maybe you could just tell her ‘Amy, I’m crazy about you and I can’t imagine living without you. But I want you to be happy, and I support you going to whatever school you want to attend, whether I can get in or not.’”
The line goes silent for a moment. Then he says, “I’m not sure I’m ready to say that to her. I don’t think it’s true.”
I realize I’m not giving him the answer he wants to hear. “Michael, you’re trying to figure out where you want to apply, so before you apply anywhere, ask yourself what you’re interested in studying. There’s no point in going to a liberal arts school if you want to study engineering, right?”
“Right.”
“Since you asked for my advice, I’d only apply to programs and schools you’re actually interested in. Just be supportive of Amy when she does the same. Don’t suffocate her by telling her you’re going to apply everywhere she does. Give her some space. If there’s some overlap with your choices, maybe you’ll wind up at a place you both love, and that’ll be great. Or maybe she’ll wind up at U of Oregon and you’ll wind up at Oregon State. That’s a pretty short drive between the campuses, right? Regardless, talk to the counseling office at your school and start making a list of schools you want to learn more about. You want me to look at the information with you, I’ll do that.”
“Would you be willing to read my application essays?”
“Of course. You’ve got my email address. Send ‘em to me.”
“That helps.”
“Well, I gotta go,” I say. “I’m supposed to go check out a house for my landlord.”
“Is this Andrew, the property baron you told me about?”
“That’s the one. He wants me to tell him what needs to be fixed at this old house he just bought.”
“You need help working on it, let me know. I know how to use a paintbrush and a hammer.”
“You got it.”
“I better get ready for my video editing class.”
“All right. Have a good one, Michael.”
I put my phone down and go into the bathroom to brush my teeth. Then I get my tool belt and toolbox from the closet and grab the set of keys for the house Andrew bought at auction. I look at the address on the key ring. It’s on Hillsdale Street in the southern part of Oceanside, maybe a mile away. Usually, I’d walk that distance instead of driving, but I need to take my tools with me if I’m going to give the house a going-over. I pick up my car keys off the end table and start loading up the Mustang. I’ve got the top down, and a short drive on a sunny morning seems like a pleasant proposition.
It’s a quick trip, too. Cedar Street to Chinook Avenue to Cape Meares Loop to Hillsdale Street, winding through the quiet neighborhoods and listening to the throaty rumble of the Mustang’s dual exhaust. When I make the turn onto Hillsdale, I start matching the address on the key tag against the numbers on the houses, slowing the car to a walking pace as I approach Andrew’s property.
It’s a two-story home, salt-box shaped and about 1500 square feet, with sun-bleached cedar siding and curling asphalt roofing tiles covered in a carpet of inch-thick moss. A cursory look tells me that it needs the exterior walls, windows, yard, roof, and driveway re-done. And that’s just the outside. I have to admit I’m curious about whether anyone else bid on the house at auction. From where I’m standing, I can’t see that the home has much value other than the land it sits on, leading me to question whether Andrew is a visionary as a property investor or if he’s an idiot. At the moment, I think it’s likely he’s a fool, and I’m shocked anyone other than a masochist would pay an additional hundred thousand to take the place off his hands. I consider asking Andrew whether it’s still possible for him to change his mind about selling the home to the attorney’s secret client.
Not everything about the house is bad, though. The location is good, and the nearby houses are well-kept, with tidy yards and freshened paint. Pots of flowering plants hang from the eaves of the neighbor’s porches, and the yards seem well-tended. Most driveways are empty, but there are newish luxury sedans and SUVs parked in front of several houses on the block, and one of the homes at the end of the street has construction trucks parked in front of it. My guess is that the neighbors are probably angry that maintenance on Andrew’s house been ignored for so long. I drive into the rutted remains of the asphalt driveway, pushing through sand and flattening weeds as tall as the hood of my car. I shut off the engine, feeling a bit intimidated by how much work the house seems to need. Looking the property over from the seat of my car, the best advice I could give Andrew is to tear the house down and start over.
I get out of the Mustang and pull the AUCTION sign from the ground near the mailbox, noting that the mailbox door is missing - one more thing to replace. There’s a big “SOLD” sticker across the top of the AUCTION sign, and as I carry the sign to the side of the house I say a prayer of thanks that I’m not the one who bought it. Then I pull the digital recorder from my shirt pocket and start recording my impressions of the home, “For this property to be rent-able it has to be habit-able. Based on what I can see from the driveway, it needs a new roof, new siding, probably new doors, and probably new windows. Once that’s been addressed, I’d shore up the sagging front porch and have the driveway re-paved. Oh yeah, it also needs a new mailbox. Initial estimate: at least sixty thousand.”
I put the recorder back in my pocket and reach into the rear seat of the Mustang for the tool belt and tool box. I carry the gear to the rickety front porch, and as I’m fiddling with the corroded deadbolt lock on the front door, I have the prickling sensation on the back of my neck that tells me I’m being watched. I look left, then right, and then behind me, planning to give a friendly wave to whoever’s taken an interest, but there’s no one visible other than a contractor in the driveway down the street. I return to the task of dealing with the front door’s deadbolt lock, which refuses to open. After fiddling with it for a while, I get a can of lubricant out of the toolbox and spray some into the key hole. Then I work the key left and right, twisting the key with greater and greater force until the lock finally frees up and opens. Okay, that’s progress. I grab the doorknob, and the handle turns but the door still won’t open, telling me that the wooden door has been swollen by moisture until it’s jammed against the frame. By that point, my frustration level is high enough that I abandon finesse and throw a shoulder into the door, forcing it open on screeching hinges.
The doorway opens onto a kitchen with a linoleum floor, white laminate countertops, and an oak table with four chairs. Past the kitchen, there’s brown shag carpet, the dim shapes of a sofa and recliner in front of an old tube-style television, and a set of stairs leading to the second floor. The musty smell of a house that’s been closed up for months is suffocating. I need to do something about the ventilation in the place.
Andrew had promised me that the power and water were turned on, so I flip the light switch on the wall to my left, and fluorescent tube lights behind plastic panels stutter before painting the kitchen with the antiseptic glow of a surgical operating theatre. There’s a layer of dust on the kitchen table and countertops, and smeared footprints tracking through dust on the kitchen floor. I wonder if the previous homeowner left behind any cleaning gear, and I start looking in the cabinets. There are pots, pans, a toaster, a blender, a pan for making pancakes, hand towels, glassware, silverware, plates, and a can of Comet cleaner. In a bi-fold closet just inside the front door, I find an antique vacuum cleaner and a mop that’s seen better days. There’s also a newish pail. Okay, I can work with that.
I open the metal blinds over the kitchen sink, use force on the balky window to slide it open, then lift the window blinds on both sides of the fireplace and force those windows open, too. Natural light floods the kitchen and living room, and the breeze off the ocean starts to fill the house. I realize that the windows have views of the Pacific over the rooftops of the downhill homes, and I start to think that maybe Andrew’s not an idiot after all. Maybe the house can be fixed like the other houses he’s asked me to work on, and I was being overly pessimistic.
Andrew didn’t ask me to clean the house, but I don’t want to track dirt onto the carpet every time I come through the kitchen, so I run the kitchen tap until the water finally seems clear. Then I fill the pail half full, wet the mop, and clean the kitchen floor. Amazing how a small amount of progress can improve a person’s optimism. The house may be a wreck, but at least the kitchen floor’s clean now.
I step from the kitchen into the garage, turning on the single bulb that lights the space. It’s a one-car garage, big enough to accommodate either a compact car or a few bicycles. There’s an elderly horizontal freezer at the back of the garage, and I hear the freezer’s motor whirring quietly. The space smells of concrete and oil, gasoline and dust, and something dark and cloying in the confined space, like something died and the body decayed. A raccoon stuck in the wall between the kitchen and the garage? The neighbor’s dead cat in the crawl space under the house? One more thing I’ll need to sort out at some point. For now, all I can do is hold my breath while I lift the garage door on creaking springs and let the fresh air wash through the space. I exhale and stand in the driveway for a minute, looking forward to taking a shower when I get home. Then it’s time to head back inside.
After the ordeal with getting the front door open, I assume the back door will be swollen shut by moisture, too. I can see the doorknob has a push-and-twist button for locking and unlocking the door, but the button twirls in my fingers like a spinner for a board game. Great. Something else that’s broken. I grab the knob and turn it, steeling myself for another battle, but the door opens easily and silently - an oddity after the problems I had with the front door.
I stand outside on a newish brick patio and examine the door’s exterior. The metal around the key slot is twisted, as if someone had driven a screwdriver into the key slot with a hammer and then used a wrench to get leverage on the screwdriver, snapping the locking mechanism. I wonder how long ago that happened. Weeks? Months? I think about the footprints I’d seen in the dust on the kitchen floor, and now I wonder if those came from someone who broke into the house through the back door. Not that it looks like there’s much to steal. Dated furniture and appliances, wall-mount telephones with cords that droop to the floor, concave mattresses that would roll you to the middle if you lay down on them. None of that seems like it would be attractive to a thief, and if you did steal it who would you sell it to?
I leave the back door standing open, feeling the clean air rush by me as the breeze flows through the doorway. I pull out my voice recorder and make a note to buy a deadbolt lock and doorknob for the back door the next time I’m in a hardware store.
I go back inside and up the stairs, opening the other windows. Now that air is moving through the whole house, I’m feeling more confident about making the place right. I go outside with my tape measure and step off the distance between the exterior corners, starting to think about an estimate for siding repairs. I read the measurements into my voice recorder, then measure the dimensions of the ground-floor windows and record those, too. The windows are all single-pane aluminum framed, so they provide little insulation from the winter cold that descends on the coast in December. On the other hand, they seem to be intact, and it’s Andrew’s money, so he can make the call on spending fifteen thousand dollars on insulated, double-paned windows.
After I take my exterior measurements, I go inside and up the stairs. There’s a small sitting area with an old circular card table, a bookshelf stuffed with faded paperbacks, and a rocking chair with a standing lamp behind it. There are two small bedrooms at the front, each with a pair of windows offering views of the street and the adjacent home. There’s also a small shared bathroom between the bedrooms. I measure out the window frames and interiors of the rooms, make note of the size and condition of the bathroom fixtures, then move to the back of the house. The master bedroom is big compared to the other rooms, with a view onto the ocean and the beach through a gap in the downhill neighbor’s roofs. I measure the window dimensions and the room dimensions, and save them in my voice recorder. The bathroom countertops are laminate with embedded gold sparkles, and the toilet and shower are brown porcelain. I record my description of the bathroom fixtures, and then I move on.
Once I’ve finished collecting interior and exterior measurements, I take pictures of each of the rooms to give context to the suggestions I’m going to make to Andrew. Then I take shots of the brick patio, the siding, the windows, the front porch, and the driveway. I’ll upload all the images to my laptop computer along with dimensions for the house’s exterior, interior, and windows, and put together a report for Andrew, along with my cost estimates for recommended changes.
It’s one o’clock, and I’m starting to think about heading home to eat. I don’t want to leave the place unlocked in my absence, though. Something could come up and I might not return to the house for several days, so I go back through the house and close the windows. Then I drive a nail through the back door frame into the door itself, since the lock is unusable. I close and lock the garage door, too, and the smell inside the garage seems worse than it was when I arrived. I walk back towards the freezer and wonder if a dead rat actually is wedged between the freezer and the wall.
I lift the freezer lid, and an odor like rancid meat marinated with cheap perfume washes over me, but the interior of the freezer looks clean. I cough a couple times before slamming the lid shut. My first thought is that someone had been using the freezer to store meat during a power failure, and the meat spoiled. Lacking a better solution for containing the smell, I find a roll of duct tape in my toolbox and double-wrap the gap around the freezer lid, then sit on the front porch of the house and let the breeze blow over me for a while. While I’m sitting there, the contractor I’d seen unloading decorative rock at the end of the street drives past in his pickup truck. He gives me a look as he passes. I raise a hand in a friendly wave, but he rolls on.
Delorean
That afternoon I’m working on the proposal for Andrew, organizing my suggestions about how to improve the property, putting the words transcribed from the digital recorder alongside the pictures, and attaching my estimates for what it would cost to improve the house. For the big-ticket estimates like the roof replacement, I call a local contractor to confirm that my numbers are realistic. Once I get started on the renovation, there’s no telling what additional problems I’ll run into, but I’ve done enough remodeling that I’m confident my estimates are not far from accurate.
I put together two estimates. One is for the price to restore the home to ‘good as new’ condition. It’s going to cost over a hundred and thirty thousand dollars. Andrew can charge higher rental numbers for the property in this condition, but it’s going to cost a lot more to upgrade the house.
My second estimate is for ‘budget rental’ condition. Do just enough that people would be willing to rent it at a lower price that reflects the dated condition of the house. By my count, it would cost about sixty thousand dollars to do that.
I double-check my numbers, attach the document to an email, and send it to Andrew.
Brett
It’s been two weeks since Brett suffered the beat-down on the beach, and he’s starting to feel like himself again. The bruising and swelling in his crotch are mostly gone, and he’s stopped smelling pepper in his sinuses. Time to celebrate! It’s Saturday night, he’s just finished off a rum-and-coke with a microwaved chicken fried steak, and he’s feeling creative. He has a notepad on the kitchen table and he’s drawing stick-figure illustrations of Tara’s demise. So far, he’s scribbled a noose, a machete, an explosion, a pistol, a guillotine, a bear trap, a chainsaw, and a shark’s mouth. These all seem like such good choices that he feels cheated he can’t kill Tara in ten different ways. Then he thinks about the homemade snuff movie that Leon showed him, and he draws a hand-held spotlight and a hammer on the notepad. He nods to himself. The hammer seems like the right choice.
His phone buzzes with a text message. He picks up his phone and scrolls through a long message from Leon about how the house in Oceanside, the one that Brett built the patio for, was taken by the state for unpaid property taxes and auctioned off. Leon asked his attorney to relay an anonymous purchase offer for the house to the buyer, saying if he could have stalled the new owner from moving in for just a few weeks, he’d be paroled from prison and could retrieve his possessions before the home was occupied.
Brett asks Leon why he didn’t pay the property taxes to begin with if he could afford to buy the house back from someone else.
Leon tells Brett that the offer was bogus, just a delay tactic to stall the new owner from moving in. He says that being tricky is what Apex predators do.
Brett tells Leon he’s sorry about the house but doesn’t see what he can do about it.
Leon tells Brett that the new owner refused to consider the offer, so he needs Brett’s help retrieving his possessions as soon as possible.
Brett thinks about the times he went on drinking binges in Leon’s house, and how the home seemed like a time capsule from the 1980s. The furniture, carpet, and appliances all were worn and dated. Not much worth taking, it looked like to him.
Brett asks Leon what he’s talking about.
Leon sends a text saying there are VHS tapes in a shoebox on the top shelf of the master bedroom closet, four sets of packages embedded in the wall between the living room and hallway leading to the back door, and the freezer needs to be removed, too.
Brett asks Leon why he would put anything inside a wall where you’d have to tear the wall apart to get at it.
Leon replies that it seemed like the best place to hide things because he could keep an eye on them.
Brett asks Leon how big and heavy the packages are.
Leon replies, “About the size and weight of you and me. In pieces, of course.”
Brett feels a chill run through him, the realization sinking in that Leon wants to involve him with covering up a series of murders. That’s heavy. Even in his intoxicated state, Brett feels the weight of the moment settle on him like a lead apron.
With trembling fingers, Brett asks why the freezer needs to be taken, too.
Leon texts that he used the freezer when he was cutting up the sheep so the packages would fit properly in the wall. He says that he cleaned the freezer with bleach, but it should still go. Just in case.
Brett puts the phone down, stands, and then walks around the living room while feeling shivers of fear about the packages in the wall. He’s simultaneously excited and terrified about breaking into a house and removing gruesome evidence of murders. He’s never done anything that dangerous before. By comparison, what happened on the beach with Tara seems like a fairly minor event.
Brett asks what Leon wants him to do with the things he removes from the house.
Leon tells Brett to hold onto them until he gets out of prison. Says they’re precious to him.
Even in his intoxicated state, Brett thinks Leon’s craziness exceeds his own by a large margin.
Delorean
I’m out for an evening run on the beach, trying to work out the kinks in my sore muscles after spending a day hanging sheetrock at one of Andrew’s rental homes in Netarts. I’ve got my iPod playing Jackson Browne’s “Running on Empty,” I’m wearing a new pair of Hoka running shoes, and I’m appreciating the darkening sky and the scenery of the sand gliding by, the wind blowing hard, and the surf churning with angry waves that fill the air with a roaring sound before crashing to the sand with concussions I feel in my gut. It isn’t a bad way for me to end the day, pressing a mental reset button before starting my evening alone.
For once, there’s absolutely nobody on the beach, and with good reason. Waves as big as these can sometimes stack up into a sneaker wave, with a set of eight-foot waves turning into a twenty-foot-tall wall of water. There aren’t any beachcombers or elderly shell-hunters or kids on beach trikes because the surf’s too ugly for that. It’s just me and the sand and the sunset. I’m watching the water like a hawk as I run, prepared to sprint like hell towards high ground if I see a big wave coming.
I’ve gone about half a mile south towards Netarts, enjoying the music and the scenery when I see Angie, my new neighbor, knee-deep in the surf. She’s about two hundred yards away, and she’s dressed in yellow shorts and a white long-sleeved blouse. I spot a pair of blue high heels and a black leather jacket lying on the dry strip of sand above the waterline. The place where she’s chosen to go into the water is not far from where I had my encounter with the man wearing the wolf mask and the woman with the pepper spray.
As I watch, Angie wades deeper into the surf, letting the boiling tide slap against her legs and splash her front. I’m incredulous, because in spite of the way the surf is churning, she makes no move to retreat to the safety of dry land. I pick up my pace, shouting to get her attention as she moves into waist-deep water. She glances in my direction, and our eyes make contact a half-second before a big wave slams into her and she disappears.
I sprint down the beach before turning towards the water, launching myself at the place where she went under. I thrash through heavy surf that lifts me off my feet, pulls me seaward, and pushes me back towards shore. Once I reach the spot where Angie disappeared, I tread water to maintain my position, digging in and holding my ground in the troughs between the waves, pulling my hands through the water in scything motions in the vain hope I’ll feel the fabric of her shirt or the touch of her skin.
I don’t bother shouting for help because the beach is completely empty. All the people with any common sense have gone home to avoid being killed by a sneaker wave. Not me, though, I’m in five feet of water, then ten, then five again, bobbing on the surface like a rubber duck in a brat’s bathtub. I’m trying to keep my position against an ice-cold tide that’s alternately throwing me towards the beach, trying to smash me to the sand, and sucking me seaward with murderous force. The water is a riotous stew of sand, seawater, and froth that grinds against my skin; the surf roars as I fight like hell to stay within reach of land, and each passing moment intensifies the sickening feeling that I’m unlikely to ever see Angie again.
Several minutes pass as I fight the waves, shouting Angie’s name over and over like a madman while pulling my arms through the water in a futile attempt to find her. I’m questioning my sanity as my legs and arms begin to shake from exhaustion, and then I feel something bump against my leg. I reach down and grab at it with fingers that barely function, making contact with the delicate skin on Angie’s arm. I wrap my hand around her wrist in a death grip, dig my toes into the sand as the undertow pulls against me once more, and then a wave smashes into me and nearly knocks me down as it shoves me towards the beach. Completely submerged, I hold my breath and fight for balance, waiting for the wave to subside, and then I take a huge breath of air, dig in with my toes, and pull. Half a dozen quick steps later, I’m in chest-high water, and I’ve still got hold of the limp rag-doll of Angie trailing behind me.
I pull her body through the surf towards the beach, waves slamming into us from behind with each step forward, the surf sandblasting my legs as I pull her towards dry land. I’m nearly crying with sadness as I drag her fragile, cold body onto the sand and lay her on her back. She’s unconscious, limp, the skin on her knees and elbows abraded from the undertow grinding her against the sea bed, the sleeves on her blouse shredded, her lips blue with cold. I put my shaking fingertips against her neck but don’t feel a pulse. I turn her head to the side to let the water drain from her mouth and nose, and then I start mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, putting my frozen lips against hers and breathing four times into her mouth while I pinch her nose closed. Then I put my ear near her mouth and watch her chest for any breathing movement. Nothing. I check her pulse again. Nothing. I start over, counting off my breaths, checking her breath and pulse after four. Nothing. She’s gone.
On the fifth set of breaths, I feel her body convulse beneath me, and I stop breathing into her mouth. I stare in amazement as she curls into a fetal position and then vomits seawater onto the beach. Her body shakes with loud racking coughs that come with more seawater, the coughing subsides, and then she clumsily pulls herself into a sitting position before starting to cry.
I sit down next to her and pull her tight against my side, as if I were trying to protect her from the watery grave that had nearly taken us both. The two of us stare at the surf with drunken exhaustion as our skin stings with pinpricks of hypothermia and our bodies shake with cold. Angie’s icy leg is pressed against my own, her breast against my ribs, her head tipped against my shoulder, her breath blowing in shuddering puffs against the skin on my neck, and the lonesome beach that had felt like a private refuge when I began my run now seems to me like something altogether different beneath the soft, purple-black sky: a velvet place for dying.
I feel sleep starting to take me, but I shake off my mental fog and start moving again. I get Angie’s leather coat from where she’d left it beside her blue high-heel shoes, and I help her to slide her arms through the sleeves before zipping it to the neck to contain her body heat. Then I take her by the hands and pull her to a standing position. She looks at me with eyes that the light has already gone out of, leans into me, and tips her forehead against my shoulder. Then she murmurs something I can’t understand and puts her arms around my waist like we’re slow dancing. I feel her breath blowing on the skin of my neck again. 
“We gotta go, Angie” I say. 
She presses her cheek against mine and I feel her lips against my ear. “Okay.”
“I mean, we really gotta go,” I say, as I gently pull free and turn her towards Maxwell Point. I pick up her high heels by the straps and then pull her against my side to keep her headed in the right direction. The surf thunders and barrel-shaped waves as big as shipping containers crash nearby as we start the long walk back towards Oceanside, the pair of us leaning against each other like a couple of intoxicated bar-hoppers.
———
We make it back to her house as full darkness settles over the coast. She’d left her front door unlocked, and we shuffle inside to the warmth and the light. I ask her where the shower is, and she raises a hand towards the right, leading us through the master bedroom into the bathroom. She sits on a small chair in front of the vanity while I get the shower started. While I’m waiting for the water to become warm, I find a notepad and pen in the kitchen and write my phone number on a piece of paper. I give her the number and ask if she thinks she can undress herself and stand in the shower, and she nods. I tell her to call me if she needs anything, and then I leave, closing and locking the front door behind me.
I trudge uphill to my house, stripping off my wet, sandy clothes on the deck before letting myself in through the sliding glass door. For once, I don’t worry about leaving wet footprints on the kitchen floor. I turn towards my refrigerator, opening the door and reaching in for an India Pale Ale with a level of gratitude that borders on reverence. I stand at the kitchen sink, pry the cap off the bottle with a church key, and stare at the pictures on the cork bulletin board while I drain the bottle in a series of long pulls. Then I head to the bathroom and get a shower going, stepping into the stall as the steam starts to fill the small space, and then letting the hot water sizzle on my skin until I’ve boiled the cold from my body’s core. After my shower, I towel off, put on a favorite pair of old jeans, a thick University of Oregon sweatshirt, and I go into the kitchen to prepare a meal.
As I’m checking the contents of the refrigerator, I say out loud, “I saved someone tonight. I should feel good about that.” 
I feel self-doubt begin to creep in as soon as the words have escaped my mouth, though. Emotionally, I’m wrecked. In my diminished state I wonder if Angie’s bent for self-destruction actually mirrors my own. Did I save Angie tonight, or save myself? Would I have stayed in the surf until I drowned if I hadn’t found her? Would I have given up and tried to make it to dry land before full exhaustion set in, or would I have let my despair overwhelm me and allowed the undertow to take me out to sea? I’m rattled by the possibility that what I did in rescuing both of us from the surf was to only temporarily delay both of our demises.
———
I’ve finished cleaning up after eating dinner and I’m drinking a cup of coffee at the kitchen table when I hear a knock at the door. I answer it and find Angie standing on the small front porch, and she’s wearing pink slacks and a purple puffer coat over white Keds tennis shoes. Her red hair is pulled back into a short pony tail and she doesn’t have any makeup on. When I look at her, I feel a hollow chill in my stomach, as if a ghost had just passed through my body. It’s hard for me to believe she’s still alive.
“I’m sorry,” she says, looking at my feet as she speaks. “I never said ‘Thank you’ for helping me. I think you saved my life tonight. You took a terrible risk.” She coughs into her hands a couple times and then turns to go.
I call her name and invite her in for a cup of coffee. She thinks about it for a moment, nods, and comes inside. I ask her if she’d like to sit at the kitchen table with me, and I get a second mug out of the cabinet. She chooses the chair closest to the big picture window and lowers herself gently into it, as if she had a terrible backache.
“Can I tell you something?” Angie says, as I’m pouring coffee into her mug.
“Sure. If you want to.”
“When I was on the bottom being rolled against the sand, I couldn’t hold my breath any longer and I started to lose consciousness. And I stopped feeling cold and felt this warmth come over me. The strange thing was that I felt liberated, like everything was going to be okay, like I should just be at peace. And I stopped fighting to get to the surface and just relaxed. A wave of happiness came over me that was indescribable. I don’t remember ever feeling that way before. Such a sense of lightness and contentment.” She looks at her lap, as if she doesn’t want me to see what’s in her eyes.
I tell her that people often feel euphoric when they’re starved for oxygen. Then I say we’re both damned lucky to be alive.
I put her coffee mug in front of her, and she wraps her delicate fingers around it. She opens her mouth like she’s going to say something, and then closes her mouth again.
I’m not sure what else there is to say, so the two of us sit across the table from each other, silently pretending to be a couple of normal people in a normal kitchen. The small chandelier over the kitchen table glows gold. Steam rises from the coffee in our mugs. The stainless-steel kitchen appliances reflect the overhead lighting like mirrors. Everything’s still here, my surroundings seem to say. Everything’s still okay. Strangely, instead of feeling reassured by the ordinariness of my surroundings I feel like I’ve become a ghost in my own home.
She looks up and graces me with a brief, sad smile. “After I felt the warmth come over me, everything went black. The next thing I knew, I was laying on my back, and you were leaning over me, and then I felt sick and was coughing and throwing up.”
“I went into the surf after you,” I say. “You were under for a while before I found you and pulled you out. I gave you mouth-to-mouth resuscitation because you weren’t breathing. And you scared the hell out of me, by the way. I thought we were both going to die before I found you.”
“I really am sorry,” she says. “I didn’t mean to cause trouble.”
“Why did you go into the water like that? Couldn’t you see how rough the surf was? There’s a reason no one else was on the beach. Those waves were fucking dangerous.”
She purses her lips and then comes out with it. “I wanted to wash myself clean,” she says, and I hear the southern accent in her voice. “I thought if that water couldn’t do it, nothing can.”
I hear the kitchen cooktop making ticking sounds as it cools down, and the refrigerator humming as it keeps the groceries at thirty-nine degrees. I listen to the sound of car tires on gravel as one of my neighbors drives past the house. The mundane soundtrack seems at odds with the insane evening I just had.
“If you don’t mind my asking,” I say. “What are you trying to wash off that requires that kind of bath?”
She swallows hard before she speaks. “I started divorce proceedings before I left my husband. He’s still in White Settlement, Texas.”
“Sorry about that,” I say.
“Don’t be. Before I left him, I found out he was talking to a lawyer about getting control of my assets and possibly getting a commitment order on me because he thinks my behavior … is erratic and self-destructive.”
Even a quarter mile uphill from the beach I can hear the ocean thundering and waves crashing periodically with so much force that it sounds like giant trees are falling nearby. I flash on the image of her wading into waves the size of oceangoing cargo containers. Was that erratic and self-destructive behavior? It sure as hell looked like it.
“All I did was to express myself as a person and as an artist,” she says. “It’s not a crime.”
“I’m not sure I’m following you,” I say.
“When you grow up in a place where everybody dresses and acts the same and thinks the same, it’s suffocating. When I inherited money in a trust, I quit my job over my husband’s objections and took some art classes. And I discovered I liked expressing myself. I got a tattoo, started dressing the way I wanted to, and started drawing and painting full-time, too. And I experimented with drugs a little. It freed up my creative juices and helped me with my art. So what?”
“No argument here.”
“I just wanted to spend my money on things that mattered to me and to live life on my own terms.”
“I respect that.”
“My husband told me I was crazy a hundred times, and sometimes he hit me when we argued, mostly about what I was doing with the money. He told me the last time he slapped me that he was trying to wake me up so I’d quit acting like a spoiled child. I still can’t hear properly out of my left ear. I think he damaged my eardrum.” 
“I’m sorry, Angie.”
“Well, he woke me up all right. I moved here and established residency by buying property, got new car tags, and registered to vote, so any legal filings in Texas would be invalidated since I’d no longer be a resident there.”
“Sounds like you really thought this through.”
“I’m not a crazy person, whatever my husband thinks or says. That’s what I was trying to wash off,” she says. “The things he said to me and did to me. I just want to start over, but it’s hard to do. I can’t get the memories and feelings out of my head.”
“I can understand that.”
She looks at her lap again before taking a sip of her coffee. Then she pushes her mug to the center of the table, like she’s finished with it.
“Well, thanks for the coffee,” she says. “And for listening. And for everything else.”
“My pleasure,” I say.
“I’d better be going.”
She gets up and moves to leave. I follow, reach past her, and open the front door. The two of us go out onto the small front porch and look at the sky. The exterior sodium light mounted over the doorway illuminates the concrete steps in amber. Past the small circle of light, the night is the color of purple velvet. The air seems electric, heavy with ozone, forbidding. The sound of the ocean is louder, even here, than it was at the kitchen table.
“See you,” she says, glancing tentatively at me.
“Stay out of the water,” I say. “Okay?”
She holds out a fist and then extends her little finger. “Pinkie swear,” she replies. I hold out a pinkie of my own and hook it around her finger. I resist the urge to pull her into an embrace.
Then she goes out through the oasis of amber light and I hear her footsteps receding on the gravel, and I’m alone with my thoughts again. I go back into the kitchen with the light glowing a little brighter in the chandelier, and the stainless appliances shining with reflections of the overhead lights, and the refrigerator humming to keep everything at 39 degrees, and the two coffee cups on the kitchen table, and all of the other ordinary things I’ve surrounded myself with that can only go so far to calm my unsettled nerves.
Delorean
The next day, Amy and Michael are visiting, and I’m grilling fajitas for lunch. The air is crystal-clear and the sky is a deeper blue than I can remember seeing in a long time. Amy’s outside on the deck soaking up some sunshine. I’m in the kitchen with Michael, and we’re talking about how his college application essays are going. He’s leaning against the countertop and then he looks at the cork board on the wall beside the kitchen sink.
“Where’d you get the old picture?” he says.
“Which one?” I ask. There are quite a few pictures pinned to the board. Snapshots from parties on the deck with friends and neighbors. A laminated picture of me with my brother Bricklin when we were both teenagers. A picture of my parents in front of their house in the Oklahoma City suburbs. A picture of the Ford XL that my brother Bricklin and I rescued from a junk yard and turned into a road-eating beast. A picture of me with Michelle in Alamogordo, New Mexico before she went into the federal witness protection program. A picture of me with Sandy before she moved to Washington D.C. to be chief of staff for a U.S. Senator. Reminders of the passage of time and the preciousness of friendships.
“This one,” he says. He puts his finger on the faded color print I picked up on the beach the day after I witnessed the wolfman’s failed attack.
“I found it on the beach. Seemed like somebody’s keepsake. I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away.”
“It looks like my guidance counselor, Tara Lowry.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah. Seriously. Exactly like her, only when she was younger.”
“No kidding. Could you show that picture to her and see if it’s really her?”
“Why?”
“Because I asked you to. If it wouldn’t be too much trouble.”
“No,” he says. “No trouble. I can do that.” He pulls the picture off of the board.
“Thanks,” I say. “Let me know what she says.”
He slips the picture into his shirt pocket and gives me a two-finger salute. Then he goes outside onto the deck.
I finish marinating the chicken and take it outside. The charcoal grill is ready to go, and I fork the chicken strips onto the metal grates.
“How long?” Michael says.
“Fifteen minutes, maybe,” I say.
He nods and turns his attention back to giving Amy a neck massage.
I lean against the railing, look down into my neighbor’s back yard, and see Angie on her patio. She’s got a canvas on an easel and has a paintbrush in her hand. From where I stand, it looks like she’s painting a storm-tossed ocean. She’s dressed in flip flops, Capri jeans, a long-sleeved red tee shirt, and a white baseball cap.
I call out to Angie, asking how she’s doing. She says that she’s doing well.
I ask what she’s painting and she says, “The surf. Of course.” Then she laughs.
“Right,” I say, and then I invite her to join us for lunch. She says that would be nice, and tells me she’ll be up in a few minutes.
Without my asking, Michael and Amy add a place setting for Angie at the picnic table.
“So, your neighbor’s name is Angie?” Amy asks.
“Angie Silver,” I say.
“She seems … nice,” Amy says. “Anything going on between you two?”
“We’re just neighbors,” I say.
“Hmmm,” she says. “She’s pretty cute.”
“I hadn’t noticed,” I say.
“I’ll bet.”
———
Angie’s behavior during lunch seems rational, and she makes no mention of her near-drowning the previous night. While we’re eating, we talk about Amy and Michael’s college application process. Amy says that the only school she’s gotten a rejection letter from so far is Princeton. Michael says he’s just gotten started and is applying closer to home, waiting to hear back from University of Washington, Oregon State, and Cal Poly. He seems like he isn’t bothered by the prospect of Amy heading to the east coast, but I wonder if beneath his cool exterior he’s actually distraught about Amy’s college trajectory.
During a lull in the conversation, I ask Angie about the painting she’d been doing on her patio when I’d invited her to join us for lunch. She talks about trying to capture the power and danger of the surf in her painting, and about creating art where you live, using color in your life whenever you can, how she finds inspiration in making her own clothes, and even using her own skin as a kind of art. I can see that Michael and Amy are taken with Angie, curious about my new neighbor with the colorful clothes and ideas that seem out of place and impractical in low-key Oceanside.
Then Angie proposes an idea for creating an art installation. She tells Amy and Michael that she nearly drowned in the surf off of Oceanside Beach, and says her near-death experience has inspired her as an artist to do her own version of Christo’s famous ‘Running Fence’ fabric sculpture. She wants a red fabric fence to follow her like a shadow from her house’s front door down the hillside, across the sand, and into the water.
There are a few moments of stunned silence. I assume Amy and Michael are going to nod politely but say nothing, or possibly say they need to get back to Hampton to work on homework assignments. Instead, the opposite happens. Michael says he’d like to make a video of Angie’s project for his art class, and if the video turns out well, he’d like to use it as material to help his college applications stand out from the crowd. He says he’s been writing songs for his music class and would like to use one as the soundtrack for the video, too. Amy says she wants to interview Angie about the art installation as a project for her journalism course.
All three of them look at me for my input. I think the project sounds interesting, but I’m not sure what the point of it is. Then again, a fabric fence sounds like a safer creative outlet for Angie than swimming in a riptide, so I agree to help. What are neighbors for, right?
“Great!” Angie says. “Let’s do it!”
Amy and Michael nod their heads in approval. “Let’s do this thing,” Michael says.
“Can you help me put the fence together?” Angie asks. “I don’t have a sewing machine.”
“My mom left one behind when she took off,” Amy says. “Michael and I can definitely help.”
The four of us kick around ideas about how long the fence will need to be and how we could attach the fabric to a cable suspended between posts. Angie says that, if possible, she’d like the fence to be about as tall as she is, and she wants to pull the fabric behind her so it will look like an extension of her body.
I say, “Yeah, I think we can do that.” Then I get a tape measure and ask Angie to stand against a wall. “Five foot seven,” I say. “That’s how tall the fabric and the posts need to be above ground.”
“All right,” Michael says. “We’ll cut the sheets to fit.”
Michael asks if the fabric actually needs to go from Angie’s front door all the way to the water, or if the fence just needs to be long enough that the video recording makes it look like it’s continuous from the house to the beach. Angie says she thinks he’s right – if Michael’s going to film the performance art, the fabric just needs to be long enough to fill the video frame, and that would make it a lot easier to make. Michael says if they get a dozen red bedsheets and sew them end-to-end that would be about a hundred feet, more than enough for what he’ll show in any frame of the video.
“How soon do you two think you can collect enough sheets and get them sewn together?” I ask.
“We can probably pick up the sheets on the way back into Portland,” Amy says. “We’ll hit the shopping malls to see what’s available. If we can find enough sheets with the same shade of red, we should be able to sew them together tonight and come back over in the morning.”
“Okay,” I say. “After you leave, I’ll go to the lumber yard to get the gear for the posts and cable. Text me if you can’t find enough sheets, or you run into a problem and can’t make it back over in the morning. Otherwise, as soon as the sun comes up tomorrow, we’ll give it a try."
———
After Amy, Michael, and Angie leave, I go into Tillamook and buy thirty narrow wooden posts and metal screw-eyes, three hundred feet of cable, and a mallet. I put my collection of hardware on the deck and toss a tarp over it so that it will be dry in the morning.
Delorean
It’s still dark the next morning when I hear the crunch of Amy’s tires on the gravel parking space in front of my home. I go to the front door, open it, and find Amy and Michael standing by the tailgate of Amy’s Ford Explorer with their arms full of red fabric. They come inside, dump the huge pile of bedsheets on the living room floor, and help themselves to coffee from the pot.
Michael tells me he’s brought a drone copter so he can film the event from a bird’s-eye view, and Amy says her iPhone produces professional-quality video, so she’s going to record Angie’s walk from ground level. Then Michael starts describing the video editing software he plans to use to stitch the footage together. They both seem energized, and I listen supportively to their excited chatter, but at the same time I feel that we’re all taking Angie’s art project more seriously than it probably deserves.
At that point, the sun is starting to rise over Maxwell Mountain, and Oceanside has enough light that I can start placing the posts. I tell the kids it will take at least an hour to get the posts driven into the ground and the cable stretched from Angie’s house to the beach.
Amy says she’s going down to Angie’s to interview her, and then she’ll come back to help with putting the plastic clips on the fabric. Michael gives her a kiss, and after she leaves, he sits down cross-legged beside the pile of bedsheets and starts taking boxes of shower curtain clips out of a grocery sack.
“How many of those clips are there?” I ask.
“Two hundred,” he says without looking up. “I have to punch a hole every six inches and get a clip attached. It’s gonna be a while.”
“Wow. Okay. Well, see you soon,” I say, and I go out onto the deck to collect my gear.
———
I start driving posts into the ground just outside of Angie’s front door, working my way at ten-yard intervals all the way down Maxwell Mountain Drive and across the beach. When I get into the water the waves are gentle, there’s no undertow, and I’m able to drive the post deep enough into the sand that it holds. Then I walk uphill to the top post and work my way back down again, using a cordless drill to make a hole in each post prior to inserting a screw-eye and pulling the cable through as I go. When I get to the bottom, I stand in waist-deep water and stretch the cable taut with a turnbuckle. I had no idea that making art was so much trouble.
With my part of the project completed, I return to my house and towel off my jeans before going inside. The kids are at the kitchen table, attaching the last few plastic clips to the top edge of the fabric. Amy says she thinks the clips should slide easily on the cable. Michael says it’s okay if they don’t, because he can edit the video so everything seems to flow smoothly, regardless of what actually happens.
“Okay,” I say. “Are you two ready to do this?”
“We are,” they both say at the same time. Then they laugh. I can’t tell if they’re punchy from being sleep-deprived, or they’re just being silly.
“All right, then,” I say. “Let’s make it happen.”
Amy and I pick up the huge pile of fabric while Michael checks the battery charge on his drone quad-copter video camera. He says the drone is ready to go. The three of us go out my front door, down the hill to Angie’s house, and we start hooking the many, many plastic clips onto the cable. Five minutes later, we’re ready to roll. Michael holds the quad copter at arm’s length, presses a button on his hand-held controller, and the copter rises from his palm to an elevation of fifty feet and holds steady.
I knock on Angie’s door to let her know that we’re ready, and she comes out wearing a form-fitting white silk dress that looks suitable for a spring wedding. No shoes, her hair down, with bright red lipstick and nails. The butterfly tattoo on her back is covered with sheer lace, as are her arms.
She looks at the fabric fence and is obviously pleased to see her idea becoming reality. “Would you look at that?” she says.
“My copter can only go for twenty minutes,” Michael says. “We should probably get started. The wind is picking up, and that’s going to make it harder to keep the camera still.”
Angie glances at me. “How’s the water today?” she says.
“The waves are gentle, and there’s no undertow,” I say.
“Okay, then,” Angie says. “Hook me up.” She takes a position at the head of the long accordion fold of red fabric, and Amy uses a piece of fishing line to connect the waist of Angie’s dress to the first ring on the fabric. When Angie walks forward, the fishing line pulls the fabric, and it follows her like a shadow. When she stops, the friction of the rings on the cable is enough that the fabric stops, too.
Michael is right about the wind starting to pick up. A few minutes ago, the air was dead calm, but now the fabric is rocking on the cable, and Angie’s dress is pressed tightly against her shapely body by the breeze.
Angie nods her head. “Perfect,” she says. “If everyone’s ready, I’m going to start walking on the count of three.”
I step out of the way, and then Amy and Michael start filming.
As the cameras roll, Angie moves away from her house, pulling the red fabric behind her. As she descends the hill, Amy records from alongside while Michael’s drone camera follows from above. The red fabric follows Angie all the way down the hill to Oceanside Beach, across the sand, and into the gentle surf.
When she gets to the water, I’m already standing near the final post, just out of sight of the cameras. I’m not worried about Angie’s safety, because the waves are minimal and there’s no undertow. As Angie reaches the final post, she drops to her knees and submerges in the surf. At that moment, a gust of wind rips along the beach, catches the long piece of fabric, tears it from the cable, and sends it twisting into the air. The fabric hovers like a huge red cone above the surf before blowing skyward and landing hundreds of yards away on Maxwell Point. Amy, Michael and I watch the spectacle open-mouthed. 
Angie rises from the water, stands in the waist-deep surf and says, “Did I do okay?”
Michael shouts, “Holy shit! I hope we got that on film.”
Angie looks at our expressions and says, “Where did the fence go?”
Amy points towards Maxwell Point and says, “The wind took it, Angie.”
“It nearly took my drone, too,” Michael says. “That was crazy.”
I take hold of Angie’s hand and help her out of the surf. While she returns to her house to change clothes, Michael and Amy head back to my house, planning to take the drone to Amy’s car before going over to Maxwell Point to retrieve the fabric fence.
I walk up Maxwell Mountain Road, working the posts out of the ground and winding up the cable. I can’t think of anything else to use the posts or cable for at the moment, but maybe something will occur to me later. If not, I’ll haul them to the landfill.
I’m stacking the posts and cable beside Angie’s carport as Angie comes out of her house. She’s wearing a puffer coat over white jeans and sandals, and her face is flushed, her eyes bright as she talks excitedly about her performance art. She’s obviously exhilarated by what just happened, and I have to admit it was a nice change from my ordinary Sunday morning routine. I’m about to walk uphill to my house when she asks if I’d like to join her inside for a cup of coffee or something stronger. I tell her that I’ve already had a couple cups but I appreciate the offer.
“You sure I can’t talk you into coming inside for a little while?” she says, putting her hand on my arm.
Before I can open my mouth to reply, Amy and Michael arrive with the pile of red fabric. I don’t know whether I’m relieved or annoyed by the interruption. Angie’s very attractive, but my instincts about her instability make me reluctant to get any closer to her than I already am.
Michael and Amy talk about the difficulties they had retrieving the fabric from Maxwell Point, but they’re excited to get back to Hampton and start video editing. We say our goodbyes, and Amy and Michael leave.
“What were we talking about before we were interrupted?” Angie says.
Before I can respond, the sound of Michael’s flat-footed run echoes on the asphalt, and he returns to say that they left the tailgate open on Amy’s car and the dome light drained the car battery. He asks if I have jumper cables.
“Sorry,” I tell Angie. “I guess I better go.”
I follow Michael uphill to my house, pull my Mustang around so that it’s nose-in to Amy’s Ford Explorer, and I hook up the jumper cables. I start the Mustang, tell Amy to give it a try, and her Explorer starts with no hesitation. Michael gives me the ‘thumbs-up’ sign, and I get out of my car and unhook the jumper cables. I watch Amy and Michael kiss before the Explorer backs away and turns down Maxwell Mountain Drive.
I go inside, planning to take a shower and change into dry clothes. I just want to clean up and get the rest of my day started. My cell phone buzzes, this time from Andrew, and he asks if I could check on a leak at one of his rentals in Netarts. He says his renters told him there’s water on the floor of the kitchen.
“I can do that,” I say. “Just text the address to me. Tell the renters I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
“You’re the best,” he says.
“That’s what all the ladies tell me.”
———
I get dressed without taking a shower, and I’m out the door within a couple of minutes. When I drive past Angie’s house, she’s in her front yard, sitting on a bench and holding a book in her hand. She smiles and waves as I drive past.
I wave back, wondering what would have happened between the two of us if we hadn’t been interrupted repeatedly by the kids.
It’s just a ten-minute drive to the rental house in Netarts, but in that time the water dripping from the kitchen ceiling has turned into a stream that’s covered the kitchen floor in half an inch of water.
The renters, a group of sorority girls, tell me that they expect a refund since the place is unlivable. I sprint up the stairs to find the source of the leak, and I discover that the connection that feeds one of the upstairs toilet tanks has popped. I stand in inch-deep water as I shut off the refill valve beneath the toilet. I can fix the leak for five dollars or less. Repairing the damage to the bathroom floor, the kitchen ceiling, and the kitchen floor is a lot bigger deal.
I call Andrew to give him the news, explaining the damage. He’s obviously unhappy about the expense, and tells me this job takes priority over everything else.
“Okay,” I say. “I’ll dry it out and air it out. If I need to replace the bathroom floor and the kitchen ceiling it could be three days or more.”
“That’s fine,” he says. “Whatever it takes.”
“I’ll need to rent a truck to get the drywall and flooring,” I tell him. “I can’t haul the material in my Mustang that I need to fix problems like this."
“What if I lease a truck you can drive when you’re working?”
“Umm,” I say. “That would help.”
“Great. I’ll talk to the dealerships in Tillamook. See what I can arrange.”
“Okay,” I say. “What about the other house, the one I started updating in Oceanside?”
“The other house can wait. Fix the leak, and get the rental back in good shape as soon as you can. I’ve got people who’ve already put a deposit down for a two-week rental starting in four days. Can you make that happen?”
“I can try,” I say. “I don’t know how bad the damage is yet.”
“I’ve seen you work miracles,” he says. “Whatever you do is good enough for me.”
I let out a long breath. “Okay,” I say.
Then he asks me to tell the sorority girls he’ll refund their money.
“I’ll tell them.”
Brett
Brett’s heart hammers in his chest as he backs his pickup truck into the driveway of Leon’s old house in Oceanside. He’s been there before when he worked on the patio for the house, so he knows the layout. And he’d been there other times, too, for drinking sessions with Leon. But this time it’s different. It’s 1 a.m., and he doesn’t know if the house is occupied by the new owners - possibly new owners who have guns. Ordinarily when he’s this stressed, he’d retreat into a bottle of vodka or a case of beer, but he needs his wits about him tonight, so he’s sober as a judge.
He watches the street for activity, wanting to be sure no one sees what he’s doing. It’s too late for anyone to be out walking a dog, and probably too late for anyone inside the house to be up and about. That’s in his favor. And he’s got a carpet knife he tells himself he’s prepared to use if he’s confronted by the homeowners. He’s also got a flattened crowbar for prying the packages out of the wall if they’re jammed in too tightly for him to pull them free.
He picks up his tools and grabs the penlight from the armrest cup-holder. Time to take action.
He pulls on a pair of leather gloves and gets out of his truck, steps onto the darkened front porch, and pauses as the warped boards creak under his feet. He peeks through the small kitchen window and then shines the penlight beam through the glass. The kitchen counter surfaces are clear, so either no one lives here yet or the person who does is a clean freak. He tries the doorknob, and it’s locked like he thought it would be. He knows there’s a back door onto the patio he built, and he decides to try that next. Maybe he’ll get lucky and it’ll be unlocked.
He uses the sandy path that runs along the side of the house to get to the patio and the back door. The door knob turns freely in his hand but the door won’t open. After a moment’s confusion, he shines the beam of the penlight into the narrow gap between the door and the frame, and sees that someone has created a crude deadbolt by driving a nail through the frame into the door. That tells him it’s very unlikely that there’s anyone inside. Nobody nails a door shut in a house they’re living in, for damn sure. So, the nail through the door may be an inconvenience, but it’s also a good sign.
He shoves the pry bar into the gap between the door and the frame, uses his body weight and muscle to create leverage, and the hollow wooden door cracks and then pops open with a sound like a firecracker exploding.
He cringes at the amount of noise he’s made, ready to run to the truck if the neighbor’s house lights come on, but both adjacent houses remain dark. His fears subside and his confidence builds because he knows the house is empty and the neighbors are either deaf or out of town.
He steps inside the open doorway and starts running his hand along the wall, looking for a light switch he knows is there. The fingertips of his glove make contact with the switch, and the light comes on in the back hallway.
Fifteen minutes later he’s found the box of videotapes in the upstairs bedroom closet, used the carpet knife to cut open the wall separating the living room from the back hall, and he’s pried the packages out and hauled them through the kitchen to the garage. Even though there’s a layer of black plastic wrap and duct tape on each of the packages, Brett can tell he’s dealing with dismembered body parts. The weights, shapes, and feel of the packages shatter his nerves. He’s watched enough episodes of ‘Ghost Hunters’ that he knows ghosts sometimes attach themselves to people who disturb the resting places of corpses, and he prays that doesn’t happen this time.
He takes a few breaths to compose himself, unlocks and opens the garage door, and carries the packages to the truck bed. He pulls a canvas tarp across his cargo, puts bricks at the corners to hold the tarp down, and closes the tailgate. He makes sure he has the tools he brought with him, shuts the garage door, jumps into the driver’s seat, and resists the temptation to push the accelerator pedal to the floor as he drives away.
“You are one brave son-of-a-bitch,” he says aloud. He lets out a whooping sound and punches the headliner of the truck with his fist.
“Who’s the apex predator now?” he shouts. “I am, that’s who!” 
———
As brave as he felt when he was leaving Leon’s home in Oceanside, Brett’s paranoia returns during the drive home to Portland. He’s heard that seasoned cops can tell just by looking at a car if it’s carrying contraband, and if that’s true, he’s doomed. His hands start to tremble on the steering wheel as if he had Parkinson’s disease, and his armpits reek of fear sweat. He watches the speedometer obsessively, stays in the slow lane, and an hour and a half later he returns to a neighborhood that’s been asleep for hours.
When he pulls into the driveway and shuts off the engine, he puts his head against the steering wheel and rests for a moment, feeling his heart pounding like he’d just run up ten flights of stairs. A wave of relief washes over him.
He opens the garage door and starts unloading, moving with the speed of someone who’s possessed. And it isn’t until he’s sweeping out the truck bed that he realizes he’s forgotten the freezer Leon ordered him to pick up.
He considers making a trip back to Oceanside, but it would be five in the morning before he got there - and at that time of day the neighborhood could be awake and paying attention. Even if it was going to be in the dead of night, though, there’s no way in hell he’s setting foot in Leon’s house again. He’s not even sure he wants to be in his own house since he turned it into a graveyard. His skin is crawling as he exits the garage and heads towards the shower, where he considers the logistics and danger of storing body bags in his home.
It’s almost four in the morning when he gets into bed. He’s got to be at a job site in three hours, and he needs to sleep, but he can’t stop thinking about what’s in his garage.
Delorean
I’m getting dressed for work when I get a call from Michael. I assume he wants to talk about college applications again, but he tells me he stayed up all night editing the drone and cell phone video footage he and Amy captured of Angie’s event.
“You seem pretty motivated,” I say.
“Check your email inbox,” he says. “I’ll wait.”
I power up my laptop and open my email account. There’s an entry from Michael with a link to a YouTube video. I click on the link, and the video of Angie’s fabric fence starts to play. I put the phone back to my ear and congratulate him on publishing the performance.
“I used an editing tool to erase the wooden posts,” he says. “Now it looks like the fence is self-supporting as it follows Angie down the hill.”
“It looks amazing. Nicely done.”
“What do you think of the music?”
“What music?”
“Turn the sound on. There’s a soundtrack that goes with the video.”
I turn up the sound level and listen to a song I’m certain I’ve never heard before. The music Michael synchronized with the video is moody, powerful, and beautiful, with guitar chords and drums building to a devastating crescendo as Angie disappears in the surf and the red fabric flies skyward, then quieting to a haunting melody that stays in your head after the song is over. The music seems perfectly made for the video. What Michael’s done is special. Even I can see that.
“That’s really good,” I say. “I’ve never heard that before.”
“I wrote it myself,” he says. “I think it’s a good one.”
“Seriously?”
“It’s mine.”
“I’m humbled,” I say. “I didn’t realize you could play guitar like that.”
After the music stops playing, the screen fades to Amy’s interview with Angie, which was recorded in Angie’s living room. Angie’s wearing the white dress with lace on the back and sleeves, and she looks stunning. The interview was recorded with Angie’s blood spatter painting in the background, though, lending a dark tone to the discussion. Amy asks about Angie’s reasons for doing the fabric fence performance art, and about her other art projects, and the questions are thoughtful and sensitive. The tone of the interview is upbeat, but Angie’s responses leave the viewer with the sense that she’s a troubled soul as much as she is an artist.
“Well, I don’t know what to tell you. I’m impressed,” I say. “You and Amy did a great job.”
“After I uploaded it on YouTube, I posted it to my Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram accounts, submitted it as my final project for my video editing and music performance classes, and I sent it to several news stations in the Portland area, too.”
“You’re a powerhouse,” I say.
“I had five cups of coffee last night,” he says. “I’m completely wired.”
“Seems like it. Are you going to check with your counselor to see if that picture on the bulletin board was hers?”
“First chance I get.”
“Okay. Thanks.”
Delorean
It’s been more than a week since I submitted my estimates for work on the dilapidated house to Andrew, and he tells me he has the line of credit set up for the hundred and thirty thousand dollar expense to fix the house. That’s good news; I'm ready to start turning the sow’s ear into a silk purse.
When I return to the house on Hillsdale Street, it’s immediately apparent that the place has been broken into. The lights are on in the living room, the back door stands open, and there are four holes cut from floor to ceiling in the wall separating the living room from the back hallway. Pieces of sheetrock are strewn across the carpet in front of the fireplace, and white footprints track across the kitchen floor. The back door has a pie plate-sized hole where the doorknob used to be, and splinters of wood litter the rear hallway.
My thoughts run from “Who’s the asshole who did this?” to “Why did these assholes do this?” to “I’m going to get the assholes who did this and make them sorry they were ever born” in a span of about five seconds.
I step out onto the brick patio to survey the exterior damage, and I find a trail of footprints in the soft, cream-colored sand running alongside the house. The size and shape of the footprints look similar to the ones I saw on Oceanside beach when the wolfman attacked the woman, but then again, don’t all man-sized footprints in sand look about the same?
As I begin the cleanup of the living room, my anger about the damage begins to subside, and I start thinking more clearly. It seems obvious that something valuable had been hidden in the interior wall of the house and someone came back to get it. The person who made the anonymous offer to buy the house is the most likely suspect.
I call Andrew to tell him about the break-in, and he doesn’t sound particularly surprised. Irritated, but not surprised. He tells me that vandalism of unoccupied homes happens pretty frequently, and he asks me to install a security system and metal front and back doors that can’t be kicked in. I say that I’ll do that, but then I ask about calling the cops to report the vandalism. Andrew replies that if the only thing damaged was some drywall and the back door, why bother? 
I tell him I think the damage is connected with the anonymous offer to buy the house, which was apparently made to get ownership of whatever was hidden in the wall. When Andrew wouldn’t sell, they kicked the back door in and took it.
“Like what?” Andrew says. “Gold bars? The family jewels? Stolen art from World War Two?”
“I don’t know,” I say. “It’s just a theory.”
“I don’t have time to play private detective,” he says. “I just want the house rentable.”
I say that I understand, but if they’re not done pulling things out of the house, and they come back again, things will escalate. I ask Andrew for the name of the attorney who sent the offer letter for the house, saying I want to find out if he’s behind the damage.
Andrew tells me to wait a minute, puts his phone down, and then comes back on the line and reads the name to me, saying the attorney is never going to identify the client since he could be disbarred for breaking attorney-client privilege. I tell Andrew there’s no harm in asking, and then I get back to cleaning up the mess.
———
That night when I get home, I open up my laptop computer and research the attorney who sent the offer letter to Andrew. The attorney’s online ads indicate he’s a sole practitioner who concentrates on drunken driving cases. I wonder why he was chosen to forward the offer on the house, and I assume he must have a personal connection with whoever made the offer. Not clear yet why he’s involved, but it’s more information than I had before.
I give Eric Fullmeyer a call. Eric is a Federal Marshal and friend who helped relocate me from New Mexico to the Oregon coast after I testified against a violent drug cartel in open court. The psychiatrists in the witness protection program said I was too impulsive and violent to go into WITSEC, so Eric took me under his wing and relocated me to Oregon at his own expense. We’ve been friends ever since.
I hear the sound of road noise coming from Eric’s phone. I ask him if he’s in the middle of something, and he tells me he’s on his way home after a very long day.
I tell him I’ll keep it short, and then I ask if I can pose a hypothetical question about a crime.
Eric says he loves hypothetical questions because in most cases the correct answer is to reduce the threat to the public by arresting the perps and sending them to a supermax prison. I laugh out loud, and then I tell him about what’s been going on at Andrew’s decrepit rental house, and the shenanigans with the attorney who forwarded the offer on the house after Andrew bought it at a tax foreclosure auction.
Eric says the attorney could be disbarred if he knew the house was going to be broken into and didn’t tell the authorities. Proving the attorney knew about the break-in ahead of time could be difficult, though. Eric asks if I want to snatch the attorney off the street and prevail upon him to give us the truth. Hypothetically speaking, of course.
“Not exactly, Eric,” I say. “I just want to understand what’s going on. Who’s involved and why. I’m not looking to go to war, at least not yet.”
“Pity,” Eric says. “Because hypothetically speaking, the attorney sounds like he’s connected to a gang who came back to get their stash out of the house, or to a murderer who’s been hiding bodies in their house. So, the attorney is part of something bigger and more dangerous than a few holes in the wall of a house that should probably be torn down anyway, based on your description. Wouldn’t you say?”
“I would.”
“Have you investigated the previous owner of the house? Seems like an obvious place to check. Maybe they’ve decided if they can’t have it, they don’t want anyone else to have it, either.”
“I don’t know who the previous owner was. Andrew told me the paperwork showed the State of Oregon as owner, not who had it before that.”
“Text me the address. I’ll find out.”
“Very much appreciated.”
“I can ask my intern to go through the attorney’s court filings for the past five years. See if any of his clients lived at the beach house address, or have histories of hard crimes. That could be a start.”
“I know it’s a lot of trouble to go to,” I say.
“Less than you think. We’re not digging through file cabinets in a warehouse, we’re using search engines. My intern can probably sort this out in twenty minutes.”
“Okay. Offer accepted.”
“Seems like it’s worth doing. Somebody’s going to a lot of trouble to hide something, so let’s figure out what that something is. Has it occurred to you they might not have been able to get everything out of the house in one trip, and they may come back for more?”
“Yes, it has.”
“What are you doing about it?”
“Installing metal doors and a security system.”
“Sounds like a down payment on what you’re probably really going to have to do, which is to fight it out with these idiots.”
Brett
Brett is watching the local evening news while he eats dinner from the comfort of his sofa. Most of the stories are unremarkable, but the video of Angie’s red fence is shown by the weatherman because of the dramatic image of the fabric being spun like a tornado as Angie submerges in the surf. Brett thinks it’s amazing.
After the segment airs, Brett goes online to the news station website to find the video. He watches the fabric fence performance and interview, and he’s transfixed. In fact, he’s so smitten with Angie’s good looks that he decides she’s his next target. He still has Tara’s driver’s license, and hasn’t forgotten how she kicked his butt, but Tara can wait. Angie Silver is a gorgeous celebrity, a much bigger fish to catch.
Brett is watching the interview of Angie for the fifth time when he gets a text from Leon asking if Brett did what he was told to do.
Brett responds that he retrieved the packages and videotapes but not the freezer from the house in Oceanside, and says that he plans to dispose of the packages as soon as possible.
Leon responds with fury about the freezer being left behind, and tells Brett not to destroy the packages, saying that they belong to him.
Brett tells Leon that he’s the one taking the risk by breaking into someone’s house, and now holding onto things that could get him put away in prison for life.
Leon responds that if Brett doesn’t do what he’s told, he’ll kill him when he gets out of prison.
Brett shuts off his phone. “We’ll just see about that,” he says.
Delorean
I sleep late, go through my exercise routine, and get ready to go back to Andrew’s vandalized rental house to work on drywall repair. Before I do, I call the attorney in Salem who forwarded the offer on the house.
I introduce myself, telling him that I represent Andrew Tiner, the new owner of the beach house in Oceanside. I say that Andrew is reconsidering the purchase offer and would likely accept, but he wants to know who he’s dealing with first. The attorney says he can’t tell me without the approval of his client, who wants to remain anonymous. I tell him that he and his client have a week to think about it, and then the offer is off the table. He says he’ll check with his client, and then hangs up on me.
I realize I still haven’t heard back from Michael, and I decide to give him a call. I know it’s mid-morning on a school day, and I expect my call to go straight to voicemail, but he answers.
“Hey, Michael,” I say. “I’m not interrupting you in class, am I?”
“No. It’s okay. I’m in study hall.”
“Good. I wanted to see if you’ve talked to your guidance counselor about the picture.”
No response.
“You still there?”
“Yeah. I’m here. She said it’s her.”
“So that is her in the picture?”
“Yes.”
“Did she say anything when you showed it to her?”
“She asked where I got it. I told her you found it on Oceanside Beach, and she started crying.”
“Wow.”
“She got so emotional I didn’t know what was going on. She was bawling her eyes out, so I gave her a hug to try to console her.”
“Understandable.”
“Amy showed up while I was hugging Tara. Now she thinks me and Miss Lowry are a thing.”
“Miss Lowry and I,” I say.
“What?”
“Never mind. Amy thinks you and Miss Lowry are … involved?”
“I tried to tell Amy about fifteen times that Miss Lowry had some kind of breakdown and I was just trying to make her feel better, but Amy won’t listen.”
“Oh shit,” I say.
“It doesn’t matter. If she doesn’t trust me, what’s the point? Maybe it’s time for both of us to move on, anyway.”
“I’m sorry I caused problems for you,” I say.
“It’s not your fault.”
“Could you do one more thing for me?”
“What?”
“Ask Miss Lowry if she’d be willing to talk to me for a few minutes. If she’s nervous about it, we can meet in a coffee shop, or you could be there, too.”
“What’s this about?” he says. “Why was she so upset about the picture?”
“She crossed paths with someone who’s pretty bad,” I say. “I think that’s when she dropped the picture you gave her. When things like that happen, and you’re really scared, it takes a toll on you emotionally. Showing her the picture probably opened the floodgate of emotions again.”
“Did he hurt her?”
“I don’t think so. I think he scared her and then she kicked the shit out of him.”
“Seriously? So why do you want to talk to her?”
“Because I think the guy who bothered her is still out there, and I want to check in with her to make sure she’s safe. Could you just ask her if she’d meet with me?”
“I will.”
Delorean
I’m repainting the living room of Andrew’s money pit when my cell phone buzzes. It’s the attorney who forwarded the offer for the house to Andrew. He tells me the buyer is no longer interested. I ask him if the buyer would reconsider his position if Andrew cut the price drastically, saying Andrew’s circumstances have changed. The attorney says no, the buyer has already moved on to other deals. Then he hangs up.
I think the reason the buyer is no longer interested in Andrew’s money pit is that he already got what he wanted when he broke into the house and tore open the walls.
I call Eric Fullmeyer again, this time to check on the status of Eric’s go-getter intern. Eric tells me that his intern found the name of the previous owner: Leon Goetz. He also tells me that Leon has been in prison for about nine months, and was represented in a DUI case by the attorney who forwarded the offer on the house.
I let out a small laugh. “That’s quite a coincidence.”
“So, I don’t think Leon’s the one who made holes in the wall of your house,” Eric says.
“Well,” I say, “not directly, anyway. He must have friends.”
“It seems so.”
“Has your go-getter intern checked to see if Leon’s had any visitors while he’s been in prison?”
“He checked. No visitors.”
“Does Leon have access to a phone?”
“Of course. They’re monitored and recorded, though.”
“What about a cell phone?”
“Not allowed in the bucket, but it’s possible he has one. You can buy a contraband phone inside for a thousand, two thousand dollars.”
“Could you ask the guards to shake him down, see if they can find a cell phone?”
“And if they do find one?”
“I’d like to know who he’s been calling.”
“You know, you can be kind of demanding at times,” Eric says.
“As a taxpaying citizen, I like to get value for my dollar from the public servants.”
“I’m not your servant, or anyone else’s. I like your idea, though, and I’ll see what I can do about the cell phone.”
“I’ll be forever in your debt,” I say.
“You already are.”
“I know that, believe me.”
“I’m going to collect on all these favors someday,” Eric says with a laugh. “Just you wait and see.” Then he hangs up.
I call the attorney back. I ask him if he can hear me okay. He says that he can, exasperated that I’m bothering him again.
I say, “Then hear this. Tell Leon I’m through playing games, and if he or his friends cause any more damage to the house, I’m coming after them.”
The attorney says, “You don’t know what you’re getting into, making threats like this. To me in particular.”
“Maybe not,” I say. “But then again, you made an offer to buy a house in bad faith, knowing your client was too broke to even pay his property taxes. I can forward that information along to the Oregon State Bar if you’d like.”
He doesn’t reply.
“Just tell Leon what I said about leaving the house alone. He’s been warned.”
Delorean
I pay Tara Lowry a visit at Hampton High school. Michael had arranged for her to meet me in the reception area outside the principal’s office, and I recognize her immediately from the encounter on the beach. Glossy, dark brown hair. Expressive eyes, olive skin, pert nose. She’s wearing a maroon skirt, pressed white blouse, and black heels. We shake hands, and then I give her my driver’s license and tell her she can take a picture of it if she wants to. She gives the license back and says she trusts me.
“It’s okay,” she says. “I can tell you’re like Michael said you are.”
“How’s that?”
“Someone who looks tough but who’s actually nice.”
“Am I that transparent?”
She tilts her head to one side and says, “Do I know you from somewhere?”
I ask if we can go for a walk, because I’d prefer that we speak in private. She gets up, nods to the receptionist to indicate everything’s okay, and I follow her out through the wood and frosted-glass doors into the big entry hall for Hampton High School. There’s an expanse of cherry wood-paneled glass cabinets full of trophies, bulletin boards covered with posters about college recruiting events, and a large banner advertising an upcoming blood drive. There are a few kids in the entry hall, but not many. They look like clean-cut kids carrying overstuffed backpacks from point A to point B, and the serious expressions on their faces indicate there isn’t a lot of room in their day for fun. Class is in session at the Hampton High School academic pressure cooker.
“Let’s go outside,” she says. “I spend too much time in this building.” We exit the hallway through a pair of glass double-doors to a small garden largely enclosed by the walls of the building. There’s a concrete bench and a brass sundial and a statue of St. Francis of Assisi, patron saint of animals. The English Ivy and antique roses and topiary trimmed into the shape of small deer creates a nice place for contemplation, if you have the time for it. Tara sits down on the bench and crosses one leg over the other.
“We can talk here, if you like,” she says.
I sit down beside her and lean forward, resting my elbows on my knees.
“I keep thinking I’ve seen your face before,” she says. “Have you come to a parent’s night here, or a performance, or something?” 
“We met briefly on Oceanside Beach,” I say. “You were putting a beating on someone who wore a wolf mask. I showed up and tried to do my ‘knight in shining armor’ routine and I startled you. You maced me.”
Her eyes get big. “Oh my gosh. It’s you. I’m sorry. I didn’t know who you were, and I thought you were with the creeper.”
“No apology necessary. I salute you on your self-defense skills, though. You did a number on him.”
“He earned it.”
I nod. “I’m curious. Would you tell me about what happened that night? What were you doing in Oceanside, and when did you first run into that guy?”
She takes a deep breath and then the words start to come. “I went to Oceanside because I play guitar in clubs a few times a month. There was a bluegrass event at The Fat Pelican and I’d been promised a hundred dollars to play for an hour. I’ve been a little short on my last couple of rent payments, so the extra money would have helped.”
“I didn’t realize you’re a musician,” I say. “Peter said you’re his college counselor.”
“I have degrees in music and psychology, but playing in clubs is my side hustle for my job here at the high school. My salary barely covers the loans for my Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees, my rent, car payment, and credit card bills. I love working with kids, and I think becoming a teacher and counselor is a kind of a calling, like being a cop or a priest. You’re making a sacrifice because something matters more to you than a paycheck. If I’m honest, though, I’m starting to wonder whether I can last another thirty years to qualify for a pension.”
“Thirty years is a pretty long time. Even for a job you love.”
“Sorry, this isn’t what you asked me about. Anyway, after I went past The Fat Pelican, I saw the parking lot and pulled my car into the first open space I could find. I remember opening my car door so the overhead light would come on, and while I was checking my makeup in the mirror, I had the sense that someone walked past my door. It’s a public parking lot, but it was dark, and the intrusion spooked me, you know?”
I nod.
“Anyway, I got out and put my purse and keys on the roof of my car.” She pauses and takes a breath. “I opened the back door to get my guitar, and while I was reaching in, someone shoved me face-first into my guitar case. I was shocked at first, and then I pushed myself out of the car to see who did it. And there was a man at the edge of the parking lot, and he had on a wolf mask, and he was swinging my purse from the strap, taunting me with it. Since he had my purse, he also had my cell phone, driver’s license, credit cards, and the picture of my parents I always carry with me. I was already furious about him putting his hands on me. The way he teased me with my purse made my blood boil.”
“No doubt.”
“We were alone in the parking lot, so I knew no one was going to help. I screamed at him to give it back, and he just stood there. He was a lot bigger than me, and he looked strong, but I didn’t care. I’ve been taking self-defense classes, and I decided I wasn’t going to let myself be victimized. Fortunately, he left the keychain for the Camry behind when he grabbed my purse, and the keychain has a small mace dispenser attached to it. I slid the keys through the spaces between the fingers on my hand, making my fist into a weapon. And I popped the mace dispenser from the keychain and told myself it was go time. I was going to mace him and punch him, do whatever it took to get my purse back, you know?”
“Absolutely.”
“Anyway, I saw him run away on the beach. So, I chased after him, finally caught up to him, and he grabbed me. That’s when I maced him and kicked him in the crotch, and he dropped my purse. I picked it up and took off running. That’s when I saw you. Sorry about macing you, too.”
“Not a problem. I completely understand.”
“Thanks for finding the picture. Seems like a miracle to get it back. I don’t have my parents any more, and that picture is one of my keepsakes.”
“I’m glad I was able to return it.”
“What made you pick it up?”
“I went back there the next day. I was collecting some trash nearby and saw the picture. I didn’t have the heart to throw it away because it seemed sentimental, so I put it on my bulletin board at home. Michael saw it the other night and said he was sure it was you in the picture.”
“You didn’t find my driver’s license, did you?”
I shake my head.
“That’s too bad,” she says. “I’d like to have that back. Michael worships you, by the way. You’re his idol.”
“Really? Why’s that?”
“Michael told me you emancipated him from a dangerous home situation last year. Not many people would get in the middle of something like that. He said his dad threatened you with a gun, and you took it away from him.”
“Michael’s a great kid,” I say. “And I think he may have exaggerated a bit. I didn’t like the way he was being treated, so I worked out a settlement with his father.”
She raises one eyebrow. “A settlement, huh? Michael said you used his dad and his business partner for punching bags.”
“Things got a little heated during the settlement discussion.”
She laughs. “It sounds like it.”
“Let me ask you something. Did you ever go to the police about what happened on the beach?”
She looks away from me. “No, I didn’t. I wanted to put the whole thing behind me.”
“Right. Look, the last thing in the world I want to do is upset you, but I’m concerned that the guy who harassed you on the beach is still out there.”
“Me too,” she says. She opens up a slim leather purse to show me a pepper spray dispenser lying alongside a chrome-plated automatic pistol not much bigger than a pack of cigarettes. It looks like a five-shot .22 or maybe a .25.
“Did you buy the gun after what happened on the beach?”
“I did, and I could lose my job if the school board finds out I’m bringing it to work, but I’m here early and stay late. I don’t have enough seniority to park in the faculty lot yet, and it’s a long walk in the dark between where I park my car and the administration building. I feel like I need it.”
“I understand. You asked me if I found your driver’s license on the beach when I picked up your picture. Are you worried he has it and knows where you live?”
She nods. “I thought about moving,” she says, “but I’m six months into a twelve-month lease. I can’t afford to give up my deposit.”
“Your driver’s license could be under two feet of sand by now, or it could have washed out to sea. Any reason to think he still has it?”
“I’ve had the feeling a few times that I’m being followed when I’m walking in my neighborhood.”
“Hard to know if it’s the same person.”
“I know.”
“Did you see anybody?”
“No. It’s just a feeling.”
“Have you thought about getting a dog for protection?”
“No. I think the mace is enough. I carry it with me when I run.”
“If you’re being stalked and they see you have a big dog with you, they’ll move on, and you won’t need to defend yourself. Think about a German shepherd or a Doberman. They’re smart, tough, and loyal. And they scare people.”
She considers my suggestion and then says, “I’ll check with my landlord about the dog, but I’m out of the house from morning ’til night. Not really fair to a dog to keep it locked up all day. I’ll think about it, though.”
Delorean
The next day I’m at The Fat Pelican having dinner with Andrew when Angie comes in. I wave her over to our table and introduce Andrew and Angie to each other, but Andrew says he already knows who she is because he’s seen her fabric fence video. Angie’s flattered that he knows about her, and the two of them start an animated conversation about art. Then Andrew asks Angie to join us for dinner.
As we sit together, it becomes obvious that Andrew is attracted to Angie’s youth, beauty, style, and creativity. It’s also obvious that she doesn’t mind the attention. Angie makes eye contact with me while Andrew is chatting her up, and she gives me a look I interpret to mean ‘He thinks I’m attractive and interesting. Why don’t you?’
As we’re finishing our meal, the conversation turns to the topic of the upcoming costume party on Saturday night. It’s an annual fund-raising event at The Fat Pelican, with proceeds going to a number of worthy charities. The party has been advertised for several weeks by a banner over the front doors of the Pelican, so we’d all been aware of it.
Angie says that she’s planning to attend, and she’s been working on a Little Red Riding Hood outfit.
I tell her that if I went, it would be as James Bond in a black tuxedo.
Andrew says that if he went, it would be as a banana republic general.
Angie reaches out, puts her hand on Andrew’s wrist and says, “That sounds fantastic, Andrew. I’d love to see that.” 
I watch Andrew’s face turn pink, and he says, “Okay, then. It’s a date.”
Angie looks at me at bats her eyelashes theatrically. “Are you coming, then?”
“Sure,” I say. “Why not?”
Angie says that if Andrew and I would like to meet at her house before the party, we can have drinks together and then go as a group.
I say that sounds like a plan.
Brett
Brett is in the basement of his house when the phone buzzes.
As soon as Brett answers, Leon launches into a tirade. “Some guy named Delorean contacted my attorney and told him that if I mess with the house again, he’s coming after me. Do you not know how to keep your mouth shut?”
“I haven’t said a word to anyone,” Brett replies. “You really think I’m going to shoot my mouth off about what I did at your house?”
“Then how did he know?”
“I can’t tell you. I swear I haven’t told a soul.”
Leon fills Brett’s ear with a stream of profanities. Brett waits for Leon to cool down, and finally Leon seems to run out of gas, coming to a sputtering halt after saying that apex predators don’t take shit from anyone. Then the line goes silent.
“You still there?” Brett says.
“I’m still here. And I want you to do something for me,” Leon says.
Brett thinks about the fact that he’s already got four dismembered corpses in his garage and he could be connected to a breaking-and-entering charge at the house in Oceanside. He lets out a long breath before replying. “What?”
“Burn the house to the ground. And kill this Delorean asshole. Nobody threatens me and gets away with it.”
“Can’t this wait until you get paroled? Isn’t that just a week from now?”
“The only way for an apex predator to survive when threatened is to attack. And that has to happen now, not in the future. You understand?”
“Right, but all he said is to leave the house alone. That’s not as hard as burning the house down and killing him. You can basically just do nothing and come out ahead. Isn’t that easier? Wouldn’t an apex predator save his energy for other battles?”
“I thought you were becoming a wolf, but I can see you’re still a runt. Find out who this Delorean asshole is. That shouldn’t be hard, even for you, since he’s screwing with the house. Put him down. And burn the house to the ground. That’s an order!”
Brett hears voices in the background on Leon’s end of the conversation, a man saying he needs the phone back, that Leon’s time is up, and it’s someone else’s turn to make a call.
Leon says, “Gotta go. Do what I told you to.” Then the connection drops.
Brett puts the phone down and picks up the concrete trowel. He’s started construction of a bathtub in his basement. Once the concrete hardens, Brett’s going to fill the tub with quicklime and dissolve the bodies taken from the beach house. He wants them gone. And Leon’s orders to torch the house and hunt down some guy named Delorean - that’s going to have to wait. He’s got something more important on his mind: Angie Silver.
Delorean 
Tonight’s the costume party, and I’m wearing a rented tuxedo that fits me quite well. I check myself in the mirror to be certain the knot on my tie looks right, and then step outside on the deck to enjoy the sunset before heading to the party. Glancing downhill at Angie’s driveway, I notice that Andrew’s new, pearl-colored sports car is parked behind her Buick. I guess he got there early.
I lock my house and head downhill to Angie’s, savoring the anticipation of the costume party. When I get there, I ring the doorbell and hear Angie call out that she’s coming. She opens the door and looks me over.
“Well, don’t you clean up nice?” she says.
“Thanks,” I say. “I think.”
She’s wearing a white silk top that’s mostly cleavage, a hooded red cape, an absurdly short red skirt, black fishnet stockings, and black kitten heels. She catches me staring, gives me a wink, and invites me in.
I follow her into the kitchen, where Andrew is refilling a martini glass from a pitcher that looks like it contains lemonade. Andrew’s wearing formal white military dress complete with sword, white shoes, war medals, and gold braids at the shoulders. I salute him.
“What are we drinking, General?” I say.
“It’s Kentucky Lemonade,” Angie says. “Bourbon, Ginger Ale, and Lemonade.”
“It’s damned good,” Andrew says. He picks up his glass and drains it in one continuous swallow. His eyes look glassy and I wonder how many drinks he’s already had. I glance at Angie and the two of us share a look. She shrugs her shoulders slightly, indicating that what Andrew’s doing is out of her control.
“How’s it going at the house?” Andrew says before wiping his lips with the back of his hand.
“It’s going,” I say. “I repaired the holes in the wall and started painting the downstairs. I also removed the kitchen and bathroom cabinets. The new cabinets are being delivered in the morning. Tomorrow afternoon I’ll get the old appliances hauled off.”
“Sounds expensive,” Angie says.
“You have no idea,” Andrew says, filling his glass again. “It’s bleeding me dry.”
“Do you want me to hold off on the appliances?” I say. “They’re old but they look like cool antiques. We could keep them and save a few thousand dollars.”
“No half-measures in the business world,” Andrew says. “Eventually I’ll be back in the black.”
I think about the pickup truck Andrew leased for me to use, and the hundred and thirty thousand I’m in the process of spending on Andrew’s money pit, and the money Andrew put into buying the house to begin with, and the five thousand I just spent repairing the water damage in Netarts, and I wonder how deep Andrew’s pockets actually are. For the first time, I question whether he’s teetering on the edge of bankruptcy.
Angie puts a martini glass in my hand and looks at me expectantly, like it’s important to her that I taste the cocktail she put together. I take a sip of Kentucky Lemonade, and it’s bliss.
“That’s pretty damned good,” I say. My concerns about Andrew’s financial solvency begin to evaporate with the first swallow.
Angie smiles, obviously pleased that I like her concoction. She squeezes my arm and tells me the video of her fabric fence has already gotten twenty million views. She says the royalties she’s splitting with Michael and Amy are more than a hundred thousand dollars so far.
I’m stunned.
She says the video has even been shown on NBC Nightly News. “You and Michael and Amy made me famous,” she says. “I’m getting invitations to come on talk shows. All any artist hopes for is that people will see something in their work that touches them. You helped me do that, and I’ll always be grateful to you.”
I don’t know what to say. To me, the whole thing had seemed like a lark, a harmless experiment to help an artist try something new.
“I’m humbled,” I say. “I didn’t realize so many people would take an interest. National news coverage? Who would have thought?”
There’s a knock at the front door. Angie gives me a puzzled look, like she doesn’t know who it could be, and then leaves the kitchen. I watch Andrew take another deep swallow of Kentucky Lemonade.
I hear the front door open and then Angie says, “Curtis? What are you doing here?”
A man’s voice says, “Why are you dressed like that? You look like a whore.”
“I want you to leave,” Angie says.
“I’ve come to take you home,” the man replies. “Put some clothes on, for God’s sake, and pack up.”
Andrew and I exchange a look, and the two of us head for the front door. We go through the living room and stand behind Angie in the small hallway that leads to the front door. She’s blocking my view of his face, but I can see that whoever she’s talking to is built like a fireplug, with thick arms and muscular legs. Faded jeans, well-worn cowboy boots, an olive-green tee shirt, a red baseball cap, and a large silver belt buckle.
“Is everything okay, Angie?” Andrew says.
I hear the man snicker as he gawks at our costumes.
“Is this how people dress in Oregon?” he says. “Like escapees from the nut house?”
“No,” Angie says. “This is how people dress on their way to a costume party. Get off my front porch. We’re leaving.”
“Well excuse me,” he says with false deference, backing away from her, bowing and scraping as if Angie were royalty. “Don’t let me interrupt your evening. I haven’t seen you in months. I thought you might be glad to see me.”
“Wrong-O, Curtis,” she spits. “The divorce paperwork should have been your first clue.”
Andrew and I follow Angie as she steps outside. Andrew’s standing on the right side of Angie and I’m on her left. The carport light is on, bathing the four of us in yellow light, and under other circumstances the front yard would be a very pleasant place to be. The air smells of the ocean and cut grass and Angie’s perfume, and the surf crashes against the beach with a roar muted by our distance from the water. There are blue flowers growing out of a wooden barrel that someone cut in half and filled with potting soil. And there’s a small bench that someone could sit on to enjoy the view of the Pacific. Unfortunately, it isn’t that kind of evening, and the carport light casts long, misshapen shadows of the four of us onto the lawn. I can feel my heartbeat ticking up and the hair on my arms and the back of my neck starting to rise.
I watch Curtis roll the muscles in his shoulders as if he were a prizefighter getting ready to step into a boxing ring, and I take a half step forward, so that if Curtis makes a grab for her I can stop him. Out of the corner of my eye I watch Andrew toss his martini glass onto the lawn and put his hand on his hip. For a moment, I wonder if he’s going to pull his sword out and try to run Curtis through with it.
Curtis hooks his thumbs in the front pockets of his jeans, puffing out his chest like a barnyard rooster. “We took an oath in front of God, Angie, and we’re not getting a divorce.” He points a finger at her. “You need to take off the Bo-Peep hooker costume and get your belongings together. I’m not kidding. You’re leaving with me, and we’ve got a long drive back to Texas, so don’t stall me on this.”
“Maybe you noticed I moved a couple thousand miles away,” she says, putting her hands on her hips and leaning towards him. “I put that distance between us on purpose. I don’t need your permission to do things anymore, so I wear what I want and live where I want. And if I want a divorce from you, I’m getting one.”
“I’m still your husband, and your last name is still Waldrip, not Silver like you used in your video. I’ll make you go if I have to,” he says.
Andrew moves forward and inserts himself between Angie and Curtis. “She’s not going anywhere with you, Cletus,” he says.
“Oh yeah?” Curtis says, and he knocks Andrew off his feet with a palm heel strike to Andrew’s chest that’s so fast I barely see it happen. Andrew grunts when he lands on his back, clutching his chest like he’s having a heart attack. Angie looks down at Andrew, aghast.
Curtis points at Andrew and in a matter-of-fact tone says, “You get in my face again and I’ll tear your head off.” Then he looks in my direction. “How ‘bout you? You want some of this?”
“Can’t think of anything I’d like better,” I say. I take off my coat and tie and toss them behind me on the grass. As I turn back towards Curtis, I’m already thinking about how hard I’m going to hit him. In my peripheral vision I notice Andrew getting to his feet.
“No!” Angie screams.
I turn my head in her direction and watch Andrew lift his arm and point at Curtis. A thunderous “BANG!” echoes like cannon fire in the small yard.
Curtis slaps his hand against the side of his head.
“How do you like me now?” Andrew screams in a voice several octaves higher than I’ve ever heard him speak. “How about it, big man? You want to try that again?”
Curtis takes his hand away from the side of his head, and I can see that his palm is bloody.
“You just bought yourself a whole lot of trouble,” Curtis says. His muffled voice sounds to my ringing ears like it’s coming through a pillow.
Angie puts her face in her hands.
“I’ll kill you if you don’t leave,” Andrew says. “I swear to God.” He extends his arm and aims at Curtis’ face through the gunsights of his pistol.
“You’re going to regret this,” Curtis hisses, glaring at each of us in turn. “You’re all going to regret it.”
I watch Curtis walk stiffly across the lawn to a red pickup truck parked on the shoulder of the road. He starts the engine and gives the three of us an angry look before he whips the truck through a U-turn and rips downhill towards Oceanside Beach State Park.
Angie turns towards Andrew. “What is wrong with you?” she says. “You don’t know what you’ve done, provoking him like that.”
Andrew tells Angie that he just wanted to protect her.
Angie says she doesn’t need a man to protect her because she can take care of herself. Then she waves an arm at Andrew and me and tells us to get off her property. Andrew and I watch as she storms towards the open front door of her house, her red cloak trailing in her wake and her heels clacking against the concrete walkway and porch, and then she goes inside, glares at us, and slams the door shut with enough force to make the living room window shake. I hear her scream in frustration and anger through the walls of her home. Then everything goes quiet again. The absurdity of the moment isn’t lost on me.
Andrew and I regard each other for a moment, and then Andrew says he’s leaving.
I nod. “You sure you’re okay to drive?”
“Years of practice,” he says. I watch him slide his pistol into the pocket of his coat and then he turns towards his car. He’s got grass stains on the back of his coat and trousers, and the sword still hangs from his belt, bumping against his leg as he walks. He gets over to his car, steadies himself against the roof, and takes off the sword before tossing it into the back seat. He gets behind the wheel, backs out of Angie’s driveway, and rockets downhill with the tires chirping on the asphalt each time the transmission shifts gears. I’m left alone in Angie’s front yard.
I let out a long breath, and then pick up Andrew’s discarded martini glass and put it on the small bench. And I think about going home, too, but I don’t feel like eating another meal by myself. After the altercation with Angie’s husband, I want something around me that feels like normal life again, so I put on my tuxedo coat and tie, and I walk down Maxwell Mountain Road to The Fat Pelican. I’m relieved to see the partygoers standing in line on the red carpet and behaving like civilized people. At the moment, I’m not entirely sure I belong there.
When I reach the front of the line, I show my invitation to the attendant they’ve hired to keep out people who didn’t pay the seventy-five dollars to attend the party. He asks me who I’m supposed to be.
“I’m supposed to be Bond,” I say, affecting a British accent. “James Bond.”
“Daniel Craig does it better,” he says.
“But can he do as many push-ups as I can?” I ask, heading past him through the front doors into a party that’s already in full swing. There are men in Karate uniforms, bicycle racing uniforms, rock climbing gear, and cowboy outfits, and women wearing ball gowns, cheerleader outfits, and ballet attire. And men in dresses and women in coveralls. People are smiling and laughing, talking loudly to be heard over the rock-n-roll music cranked high through the speakers on either side of the performance stage. John Fogerty’s “Centerfield” is playing at a level that makes my skull vibrate.
I shout my order for a beer to the bartender, who reads my lips and gets me a tall glass of something amber-colored. I try to talk to the other partygoers, and I get something to eat from the buffet, and I look at other people’s costumes, but there’s no pleasure for me in any of it. I can’t shake the sense of unease I feel about what happened at Angie’s house. In my experience, people like Curtis don’t just shrug it off when you threaten them. They want payback, and they’ll lie in wait until they can get it.
Brett
In spite of the direct order from Leon to kill Delorean and burn down Leon’s old beach house, Brett has other priorities. He’s watched the interview of Angie Silver two dozen times, and he’s absolutely certain that she’s his next prey.
And it wasn’t difficult for him to track Angie down, either. The flurry of news articles that accompanied the video of the red fabric fence all mentioned the video being made in Oceanside, and the first few frames of the video showed Angie’s front porch with the house numbers clearly visible. Once he had her house number, he’d used a real estate search engine to clarify which street she lived on. The fact that she lived in the same town where Tara had kicked his ass made him that much more certain that Angie was his next victim; this was an opportunity for redemption. No more caution, no more self-doubt. He went through his house collecting everything he’d need, putting it all on the kitchen table, making sure the stun gun batteries were charged, the tape, rope, and tarp ready. He checked his watch. He’d be getting there just as darkness fell. Perfect.
———
The two-hour drive to Oceanside gave Brett enough time to steel himself for what he needed to do. He knew he was taking a big step up, putting himself on the same plane with his mentor, Leon. He had the windows down, letting the cool evening breeze blow through the cab of his truck, washing the smell of his basement from his skin.
The closer he got to Oceanside, though, the more nervous and scared he felt. He didn’t know if Angie was alone at home or even home at all. And if he was able to catch her alone, he didn’t know what he’d do after he got the upper hand. Snuff her out, then wrap her up in the tarp and bring her back to his house? Take her for his prisoner and turn her into an obedient slave? It was hard for him to think that far ahead when he’d never even seen her in person. He started to doubt himself, but he decided that he’d driven that far, he might as well see where she lived. As he turned off of Oceanside Highway onto Pacific Avenue, a fast-moving pickup truck with Texas plates nearly clipped him. He honked his horn, swore, and continued on past The Fat Pelican, slowing to take a right on Maxwell Mountain Drive. He cruised up the hill, checking numbers on mailboxes until he was blinded by the high beams of a silver coupe that ripped past with its engine screaming. He stopped to give his eyes time to adjust, then started moving again and passed a pedestrian wearing a tuxedo. He thought that this street, Angie’s street, must be where the artists and crazies in Oceanside live, and then he saw the house he’d seen in the video. It was on the right, with a small red car in the carport, and the living room window illuminated. He drove past slowly, got to the top of the hill, and turned around and came back, parking across the street from Angie’s house on the shoulder of the road.
He rolled his window down and sat for a while, watching and listening to get a feel for the neighborhood. No one was outside in their yards, and no pedestrians or dog walkers, so no witnesses to remember him or his truck. It was time to do some recon to see if she was at home. He reached for the stun gun he’d bought online and then powered it up to make sure it still had a full charge. He slid a roll of duct tape into his hoodie pocket, pulled on a pair of rubber gloves, and walked across the street as casually as if he were a neighborhood resident. His nerves were buzzing, his heart thumping. He was starting to think and feel like a skilled predator, and he liked the way it felt. It felt like power.
He walked past the carport and into the front yard, but stayed well away from the house. If he had to make an escape, he wanted there to be a straight line between him and his truck. He moved to a location that offered a good view of the living room through the big front window, but he couldn’t tell if anyone was at home. Better safe than sorry, he reasoned, planning to circle the house and peek in each of the windows to see what was going inside. He moved silently across the grass and through the flowerbeds, letting his gloved fingertips glide across the rough cedar siding as he rounded the corner and moved into the back yard. Just touching the wood sent a shiver through him. This was real, and getting more real by the second.
Light was coming through the big french doors at the rear of the house. He stepped silently onto the porch and leaned against the cedar siding before peeking inside. A large painting hung on the living room wall, a strange creation that reminded Brett of blood spatter. Looking past the painting, he could see Angie in the kitchen. Even though she was dressed differently than what he’d seen in the video, he knew it was her. He liked what he was seeing, too. She had a martini glass in her hand, and she drained it in one long swallow. Then she took off the red cape she was wearing and tossed it on the kitchen table, revealing a white silk top that showed a lot of skin, a short red skirt, fishnet stockings, and short heels. He thought she was one of the best-looking women he’d ever seen, by a mile. She turned away from him and braced herself against the kitchen countertop as if she was steadying herself in an earthquake. He couldn’t believe how perfect her legs were. He felt intoxicated by what a stylish, famous, sexy woman she was.
Her body began to shudder, and he could tell that she was crying. He was puzzled by that. She seemed to have everything a person could want: fame, beauty, wealth. With looks like hers, he knew she could have any man she wanted. How could she be sad?
Then he felt the weight of the stun gun and duct tape in the pocket of his hoodie, and he remembered why he was there.
Delorean
After half an hour, I stop pretending to have fun with the other partygoers and I go outside and stand on the sidewalk. The attendant who’d checked my invitation on the way into the party asks me if I was able to catch up with Miss Moneypenny inside. I tell him that Miss Moneypenny decided at the last minute not to attend the party. He says that’s too bad, because it looks like people are having a good time inside. I say, “Yeah. I think that they are.” 
Feeling somewhat defeated by the way the evening played out, I start the slow stroll up Maxwell Mountain Drive to my house. It’s a cool evening, and I pop the collar on my tuxedo and push my hands deep into the pockets of my slacks.
As I walk past Angie’s house, I notice that her front door stands wide open, with light spilling from the entry hall onto the porch. I wonder if she’s okay, but at the same time I’m reluctant to investigate because she was furious the last time that I saw her. I set my concerns aside, going through the carport and following the sidewalk onto her front porch. I can’t see anyone in the living room through the open front door, and I don’t hear any sounds coming from inside the house, either. I knock on the door frame a couple times and say, “Hello.” No answer. I knock again, louder this time, and I still get no response. Given the recent altercation with Curtis, I decide to investigate.
Angie’s purse, car keys, and cell phone are on the kitchen countertop. Her red cape lies across the kitchen table, but otherwise the place is as we left it. Two martini glasses and the half-empty pitcher of Kentucky Lemonade are still there. I call out Angie’s name, but I get no answer, so I decide to search the rest of the house.
Her bedroom and living room seem undisturbed. The huge, bloody picture made by Angie’s body still hangs on the living room wall. There’s an easel by the french doors with the beginnings of a painting of the surf off of Oceanside Beach. I’m rattled by how still everything feels in the house. Even with the front door open, the place seems lifeless. I can’t imagine Angie leaving her front door open and going for a walk, but then again, she does a lot of things I can’t imagine myself doing. I consider the possibility that Curtis came back and took her by force. Seems like if he did that, he would have at least picked up her wallet and phone. Or maybe not, if he already had his hands full.
I use my cell phone to call Andrew. When he answers, I ask if he’s heard anything from Angie. There’s a long pause on the phone and then he replies that he hasn’t talked to her since the fight with Curtis in the front yard. When he talks, I hear the roar of the car engine. It sounds like the accelerator pedal’s pressed to the floor.
“Why?” Andrew says.
“I don’t know,” I say. “Her front door’s open and she’s not around.”
“She told me to leave her alone,” he says. “So I’m doing that.”
“Right,” I say. Andrew’s phone disconnects.
I think about the threats Curtis made before he left, and I start calling nearby hotels. Some of the places I call tell me that Curtis isn’t there, but others refuse to answer my question for privacy reasons. I finally recognize the futility of trying to use my phone to track Curtis down, and I decide to drive through the parking lots of hotels in Oceanside and Netarts. I figure if Curtis drove past a hotel on the way in to Oceanside, he’s more likely to have picked the same hotel on his way out.
———
It doesn’t take long for me to find him. I spot his truck, complete with Texas license plates and windshield spattered with bug guts, at the Ocean Breeze motel in nearby Netarts. He’d backed it into a parking slot in front of one of the rooms farthest away from the manager’s office. I park next to his truck, get out, and tip my forehead against the passenger side window of his truck. The interior is empty, aside from debris collected during a long drive from Texas. There are empty soda cans, grease-stained take-out sandwich bags, a Big Gulp cup from a 7-Eleven, and a box of powdered sugar-coated doughnuts.
There aren’t many cars at the motel, so I assume the truck is parked by the room Curtis rented, and I pound on the door nearest his truck. No answer. I pound again, harder. I hear someone yell, “Just a minute” from inside the room, and there’s a delay of a minute or more before Curtis finally opens the door, docile and hang-dog compared to the last time I saw him. He’s shirtless, and there’s a wad of bloody toilet paper taped to his left ear. He recognizes me, nods once, and then he retreats into his room, leaving the door open. I follow him inside, where the smell of body odor and stale beer fills the room.
The trash can is overflowing with crushed beer cans, and there are more cans atop the television set and the small refrigerator. It looks like he’s managed to work his way through an entire twelve-pack in the last couple of hours.
Curtis sits down on the edge of the bed and reaches for a beer can on the night stand. There are so many cans scattered around the room that I wonder how he keeps it straight which ones are empty and which ones aren’t. Then I realize he’s bent the pull-tabs vertical on the empty ones as a visual aid to improve his beer-finding efficiency.
“What do you want?” he says.
I tell Curtis that I came by to check to see if Angie’s okay. He says he doesn’t know; he hasn’t seen her since he left her house. I tell him that she isn’t at home, and the front door of her house is wide open. Curtis shrugs and says Angie has a habit of disappearing for hours, even days sometimes and then reappearing.
I ask if he was concerned for her safety when they used to live together and she took off like that. Curtis shrugs again and says he got used to it, eventually. He says Angie’s not wired like other people, just does whatever moves her at the moment. If she’s taking a shower and remembers the lawn needs mowing, she might get out of the shower, leave the water running, and cut the grass while she’s only wearing a bath towel. He says one time she decided the lawn would look better painted pink, so she bought spray gear and turned the yard the color of bubble gum.
He sighs. “That’s just the way she is,” he says. “And we might have problems, and we might fight sometimes, but I still love her.”
“She filed for divorce, though, right?”
“Yeah. She did. After she inherited money, she started doing whatever she wanted, whenever she wanted, and that’s just not the way a marriage works. We had arguments about money, and about her behavior, too. I lost my shit a couple times, and I said things and did things I wish I could take back. She pushes my buttons, I admit.”
I sit down on a club chair near the door, and ask what he’s going to do if she won’t go back to Texas with him.
He tells me he’ll lose his job if he misses too many work days. He can wait a couple weeks for her, but after that he’ll have to go home.
“Hopefully she’ll change her mind,” Curtis says. “I shouldn’t have come on so strong. I should have asked her to come back with me instead of giving her an ultimatum. And I shouldn’t have punched out your friend, either, but I haven’t slept in three days ‘cause I drove non-stop to get here. I’m so tired I can’t think straight.” From his sitting position, he tips back on the mattress and I hear the bed springs squeak under his weight. Then he grabs a pillow and covers his face with it.
I assume that he’s going to start crying, but instead I hear snoring. Time to go.
I close the door on the way out, and I drive back towards Angie’s house slowly, praying that when I get there she will have returned. As I turn onto each new street and drive through each new neighborhood, I hope that I’ll find her strolling on the shoulder of the road. I never see her, though.
When I get back to Oceanside, the short strip of businesses that constitutes downtown Oceanside is quiet, with no one on the sidewalks, and The Fat Pelican closed for the night. All the partygoers have gone home. I turn right onto Maxwell Mountain Road and slow down as I approach Angie’s house. Andrew’s car is parked behind Angie’s Buick again. I’m surprised that he’s returned.
I pull onto the shoulder of the road, park, and get out of my car. Andrew gets out of his car, too, and I see that he’s taken off his banana republic general’s outfit and put on a pair of pressed jeans, new running shoes, and a heavy sweater.
He shakes his head at me. “She’s not here,” he says.
I go inside and walk through Angie’s house anyway, even though Andrew follows me from room to room, telling me that he’s already looked everywhere. I check Angie’s back yard and then decide I’m going to walk the streets of Oceanside to see if I can find her. I get a flashlight from the toolbox in my Mustang, and I tell Andrew about my plan to look in widening circles on the neighborhood streets. Andrew says he wants to come, too.
We check people’s back yards, look at the undergrowth alongside the road, examining every place we can shine the flashlight. Up one street, turn left, down the street, turn again, checking behind utility sheds, trash cans, parked cars, and raised flowerbeds, winding up at the bottom of the hill where we check the parking lot and the public restrooms before shining the flashlight down onto the beach and calling Angie’s name. We walk through the narrow alley behind The Fat Pelican, finding nothing but trash cans overflowing with debris from the costume party.
Neither Andrew nor I say much as we walk. Occasionally a shape catches our eyes which turns out to be nothing: a dog sleeping under a pickup truck, a pile of carpet remnants on someone’s back porch, an inflatable toy discarded under a deck. The sleeping town seems mute, still, unforgiving. The only sound is the relentless surf, which serves as a constant reminder to me of both the event where I pulled Angie out of the water and also how close we are, as mortals, to the unknowable end of our tenuous existence. A few steps off of the comfort of dry land is all it takes to find out how much power the undertow of the world really has. In my gut there’s a growing feeling that Angie’s all the way gone. She’s not coming back. Not here, and not anywhere else.
The sun’s coming up as we run out of places to look for Angie. The surf rumbles in the distance, Three Arch Rocks stands implacably against the force of the Pacific, and seagulls glide on the breeze like they always do, but the scenery seems hollow, brittle, and fake as we finish our walk down the last street of Oceanside and make it back to Angie’s house. We could have gone farther towards the neighborhood where Andrew’s money-pit house is, but it didn’t seem to make sense that she’d walk a mile south in the dark on her own. I open Angie’s front door and call out for her before I go inside and check each room one more time, hoping against hope that she’s returned, but she hasn’t. When I come back out onto the front porch, Andrew’s sitting on the concrete step. He looks at me expectantly, but I shake my head to let him know that Angie’s still not back.
“Do you think we should call the police?” Andrew says.
“I do,” I say. “I also think we should wait outside and not touch anything.”
“You think they’ll treat this as a crime scene?”
“I have no idea. Maybe they’ll tell us to check back in a couple days if she still hasn’t returned.”
The closest police department to Oceanside is in Tillamook, about a twenty-minute drive east from Oceanside. I dial their number on my cell phone, and tell the lady who answers that I’m calling to report a missing person in the Oceanside area. Then I describe how Angie went missing the previous evening and I searched the town on foot trying to find her. The lady asks if Angie has any physical or mental health issues that could lead to her being lost or disoriented, and I say that I don’t think so. The dispatcher asks for Angie’s address, and I give it to her. Then she asks for Angie’s last name and approximate age, and when I tell her that Angie’s last name is ‘Silver,’ the woman’s tone changes immediately. She says that she recognizes the name from the video, and says she’ll send someone as soon as possible. Perhaps unfairly, I wonder if Angie’s celebrity status merits special treatment from the police.
——— 
Andrew and I are both half-asleep when someone from the Tillamook P. D. arrives. Andrew is drowsing on the small bench in the front yard, and I’m sitting on the edge of the step between the porch and sidewalk.
Instead of a patrol car, they’ve sent an ancient Ford Crown Victoria with faded blue paint, dog-dish hubcaps, and a caved-in push bar bolted to the front bumper.
They say that longtime dog owners eventually start to look like their dogs, and when the detective gets out of the Crown Victoria I wonder if he’s had the car so long that he’s started to look like his car: he’s overweight, his suit looks like it needs to be dry-cleaned, his tie is askew, and his haircut looks like he did it himself with a beard trimmer.
He tells us his name is Bill Bard. Spelled like ‘card,’ he says.
After we introduce ourselves to each other, I describe how I found Angie’s house standing open the previous night, how Andrew and I searched most of Oceanside on foot, and then I ask if he needs a picture of Angie, saying that I have one on my cell phone. Detective Bard says he already has a picture of her taken from the fabric fence video.
He asks if anything noteworthy preceded Angie’s disappearance, and Andrew and I describe the argument with Curtis the previous night, about Andrew using his gun to force Curtis to leave, Curtis making threats, and my going to Curtis’ hotel and not seeing anything suspicious in the truck or the hotel room. Bard asks if Angie has a history of wandering away from her house, and I say that according to Curtis, she does. Bard asks if Angie has suicidal tendencies, saying that based on the video and the interview, it’s reasonable to ask. I say ‘possibly,’ and I tell him about Angie wading into the surf and nearly being drowned.
Bard asks how long she’s been living in the house, and I say that I think for about two months.
Bard asks if either Andrew or I are romantically involved with Angie. We both answer ‘no,’ but Andrew coughs before he answers, making me wonder if those two were involved and I just didn’t know about it. Bard says that Angie’s a very good-looking woman, and it’s a little unusual for a woman who looks like that to have two platonic men friends so concerned for her well-being, what with her only having lived in the area for a short time.
I shrug. Andrew looks away and crosses his arms over his chest.
The detective pulls on a pair of blue rubber gloves and asks us to wait outside while he looks through the house. He’s inside for twenty minutes before he returns. He asks if we’ve been in the house since her disappearance, and we both say that we went inside to see if she’d returned. He asks if we touched anything. Andrew says he touched the light switches when he went through the house. I say that I did that too, and I also touched the front doorknob. Bard nods to himself, then walks around the property, returns, and shakes his head.
“I have a request for you both,” he says. “Please do not go back into the house. And don’t talk to the press about her disappearance. If you do, this place will turn into a madhouse, and that will make it a lot harder for me to do my job. Angie Silver’s a celebrity, and when something happens to a celebrity, the press has a feeding frenzy.”
“Okay,” I say.
“Can you describe what she was wearing the last time you saw her?” he says.
I describe Angie’s costume, including the red hooded cloak.
“The cloak on the kitchen table,” he says.
“Right,” I say.
He fixes me with a stare and then purses his lips. “Where do you think she is?” Bard asks me.
“I don’t know. She’s not with Curtis, and she’s not here. We walked this whole end of Oceanside and didn’t see her. I’m at a loss.”
He takes down Andrew’s personal information and my personal information and then he looks at me as if a light has gone on inside his head.
He points up the hill towards my house. “You live there?” he says.
“I do.”
“Your girlfriend killed someone with a shotgun in that house.”
“It was self-defense,” I say. “And she’s not my girlfriend any more, but that’s right.”
“What are the odds?” he says, fixing me with a stare. “This peaceful little neighborhood seems to attract a lot of chaos. And you seem to be the common factor when things kick off.”
“I’m been stuck in a lot of traffic jams, too,” I say. “That doesn’t mean I caused them.”
He lets out a small laugh. “My guess is that every single person in those traffic jams felt that way, too, like them being stuck in traffic was everybody else’s fault. Funny thing is, it wasn’t. Everyone stuck in those traffic jams played a part. I’m just trying to figure out what part in this you played.”
Then he looks at Andrew and says, “If I understand correctly, after Curtis Waldrip punched you in the chest and threatened to tear your head off, you pulled a weapon on him, fired a bullet past his head, and said that you’d kill him if he didn’t leave.”
“I was defending myself,” Andrew says. “He was violent and I was in fear of my life.”
“So, you were still in fear of your life, even while you were aiming a loaded gun at his head? What did you think he was going to do to you at that point?”
Andrew doesn’t answer.
Bard purses his lips again like he’s thinking hard about something, and then he looks at me and says, “And you and Mister Waldrip were going to have a cage fight in Miss Silver’s front yard, except Mister Tiner interrupted the fun by taking a shot at Curtis.”
“I wouldn’t put it that way,” I say.
“You both seem to have a natural tendency for violence,” he says. “A bias, you might say.”
“I think you should dial it back a little,” I say. “When we came out into the front yard, things escalated in a matter of seconds. Curtis told Angie he was going to take her by force. He was obviously in a violent frame of mind, so I took the threat seriously. I was willing to fight him to keep him from hurting Angie, and so was Andrew. What would you have had us do?”
He gives me a flat stare. “You could have gone inside the house. Locked the door if you were afraid. Picked up the phone, called the police, something simple like that.”
“You weren’t there, and we were,” I say. “Curtis wasn’t leaving without a fight, whether it was with us or with Angie.”
“Maybe,” he says. He looks back at Andrew. “Do you have a concealed carry permit?” he asks.
“Yes.”
“Is the pistol on you now?” he asks.
“It’s in my car,” Andrew says.
“Until this is resolved, I suggest you leave it at home.”
Then Bard asks me what hotel Curtis is staying at. I tell him, and I describe the red truck parked outside Curtis’ room. Bard says he’s going to pay a visit to Curtis, if he’s still at the hotel.
“He might not answer the door,” I say. “He’d been drinking heavily when I was there.”
“Somehow I expect I’ll find a way to connect with him,” he says. He hands us business cards and tells us to call him immediately if we have any additional information about Angie. Then he heads over to his Crown Victoria.
“I’m going home to bed,” Andrew says. “I’m exhausted.”
I look at my watch. “The new cabinets for your house are being delivered in two hours,” I say. “I’m going to drink a pot of coffee and go to the house to accept delivery. If I’m not there when the cabinets come, it’ll screw up the schedule.”
Delorean
Around noon, Detective Bard calls to ask if he can meet with me for a few minutes, and I give him the address of Andrew’s money pit. I continue with the process of installing the new cabinets, and about an hour later Bard drops by with a forensics tech who takes my fingerprints as well as a sample of my hair. After the forensics tech leaves, Bard re-interviews me, asking the same questions he asked before. We face each other across the kitchen table, and each time I answer a question he looks me straight in the eyes, as if he’s more concerned about my reaction to the question than he is about the answer itself.
He finally nods to himself like he’s gotten what he wanted out of the interview, and he leaves. I wish I could say I thought I’d convinced him of my innocence, but that isn’t true. My impression is that he thinks I’m lying.
By five o’clock I’ve got the new kitchen cabinets squared with the walls, and the cabinet hardware, doors, and drawers have all been sorted out and installed. The kitchen looks great. Time to head home and have a beer. You’ve got to celebrate the small accomplishments.
My celebration doesn’t last long, though, because Detective Bard drops by while I’m making dinner. He asks me to submit to a voluntary search of the premises. I agree, and he pulls on a pair of rubber gloves before he goes through the house. While I’m sitting at the kitchen table eating a hamburger, I hear him opening and closing doors, opening and closing drawers, and moving things around in the closets. I have no idea what he expects to find. My cash and guns are in a small safe that I bolted to the closet wall in the master bedroom, and I assume that he’ll ask me to open it up so he can look inside, but he never does.
I finish my meal and wash the dishes, and I’m putting the dishes in the drying rack when he asks me to take a seat in the living room so he can search the kitchen and my car. I sit in the Adirondack chair with the red leather cushion, and I stare at Three Arch Rocks while he goes through the kitchen drawers and cabinets. I hear him go out through the front door and I listen to him opening and closing the trunk and the doors on the Mustang. Ten minutes later, he’s back in the kitchen telling me he wants to interview me again.
He asks me the same questions he asked earlier that day when he came by my job site. I tell him the same thing I told him earlier in the day. Each time I answer, he stares at the bridge of my nose and defocuses his eyes, like the interview is some sort of Zen exercise to divine whether I’m a liar or not.
Then he tells me that he may need to talk to me again.
I tell him that’s fine, up to a point.
He asks me what that means. I notice that his eyes aren’t defocused when he listens to me this time. He looks like he’s waiting to see what kind of reaction he’s finally managed to provoke.
I tell him he’s interviewed me three times in one day about Angie’s disappearance, each time asking the same questions and getting the same answers. Now he’s searched my house, too, which implies he thinks I’m involved somehow. I remind him that I’m the one who contacted the police about my neighbor being missing, and if I’d been involved in her disappearance it seems unlikely that I’d call the police to tell them she’s gone. Then I tell him I feel like I’m being treated as a suspect in the case, and if that’s true, I should probably hire an attorney and have them present during questioning going forward.
He tells me he’s done a background check on me, and what he’s found establishes a clear history of violent and erratic behavior. We stare at each other across the kitchen table.
“Is that so?” I say.
He tells me he found my name in court proceedings related to the discovery of a decomposed body in the Oklahoma City suburbs. He lets his words hang in the air like he wants to see if I’m going to have a panic attack.
He says that I’m the only person he’s ever met who, as a child, blew holes in a professional killer with a forty-five-caliber pistol and then hid the body.
I tell him that if he actually read the proceedings, he knows that the person I shot was a professional leg breaker who had just murdered my parents and was trying to kill me, too. I tell him there wasn’t time for me to call for help because I was being chased through a forest by someone using the back of my head for target practice. I mention that at the inquest, the district attorney for Oklahoma City said he thought I should get a medal for what I did.
Bard stares at me like I’m an eight-legged insect who just crawled onto his picnic blanket. Then he tells me he also read investigative reports related to the trial of a Sheriff in Alamogordo, New Mexico. He says that court proceedings mention me hauling a corpse around in the trunk of a car, having armed confrontations with law enforcement, and making public threats against a Mexican drug cartel. He said that what I did showed such a high level of mental instability and flat-out stupidity that he’s surprised I can feed and house myself.
I tell him that the Sheriff he’s talking about was working for a drug cartel who murdered my brother by pushing his truck over the edge of a strip mine. And the corpse he mentioned was someone the Sheriff had shot and left to bleed to death in the desert. And it’s true I said during the trial that if the cartel came after me again, I’d send them home in body bags. I tell him that I refuse to live in fear, and the only alternative to doing what I did in Alamogordo was to let criminals murder my brother, get away with it, and then murder me, too.
He says that however I want to justify it, I have an extensive history of violence, and threatening to kill members of a drug cartel shows I have a death wish, both for myself and for others.
I say that he’s got it backwards. I tell him I have a survival wish, and a long history of defending myself from people who usually get away with murder because the police don’t do anything about it.
He stares at me for about a minute, silent, like he’s trying to figure out what new manner of beast he’s encountered.
Finally, my patience has reached its limit. I tell him that Angie was my neighbor and friend, and, for the last time, I didn’t have anything to do with her disappearance. Then I tell him if he wants to interview me again it will be with my attorney present. I point at the door and ask him to get out of my house.
Without saying another word, he stands up from the kitchen table and leaves.
Delorean
The next day I’m having breakfast when I hear car doors slamming. I go to the window and l see a large white van parked on the street near Angie’s house. Three technicians are standing by the back doors of the van while they put on white zip-up bunny suits, blue rubber gloves, and face masks. I let out a long breath and then go back to my breakfast. I tell myself that there’s nothing to be gained by me watching them take Angie’s house apart.
After I finish my meal, though, I take my coffee out onto the deck, where I can see them working inside Angie’s home, taking picture after picture with brilliant flashes that paint her windows with white-hot light. It saddens and angers me to watch strangers pick through and catalog the remains of Angie’s life, and I taste a copper bitterness in my mouth. I pour what’s left of my coffee over the railing, go back inside, and leave for work.
———
While I’m working at Andrew’s money pit, Eric Fullmeyer calls to tell me that the prison staff did a thorough shakedown of Leon’s cell and didn’t find a phone. Eric guesses that either Leon’s hidden the phone outside his cell, or he’s borrowing one from someone else. I ask how much time Leon has left on his prison term. Eric tells me that the parole board is processing Leon’s paperwork now; he’ll be released in a matter of days. Eric and I speculate on the likelihood that Leon and his friends will come back to the beach house to cause more trouble. At this point, I’m spoiling for a fight and I hope they do.
——— 
Angie’s disappearance has taken a toll on me, and I carry my anger and sadness around with me while I work. When I return home, I notice that the lights are still turned off in Angie’s house. The world has moved on without her. You’d think I’d want to go for a run to clear my head, but I haven’t felt like going down to the beach since she disappeared.
The story of Angie’s disappearance has been picked up by the press, and mobile video vans from Fox News, CNN, and several stations in Portland all report from Oceanside on the mystery of Angie Silver’s disappearance. Detective Bard was right about one thing: when a celebrity goes missing, the press turns the event into a circus.
——— 
I go out on my deck after dinner to finish a beer, and I watch Curtis being interviewed in Angie’s back yard by a reporter from CNN. The back of Angie’s house is lit up with Klieg lights, and they’re using reflectors that look like silver umbrellas to illuminate Curtis and the reporter while they record the interview. The reporter is a tall woman wearing a blue suit and spike heels, and I watch her hold the mike out to Curtis, who breaks down and sobs on camera before he composes himself and holds his hands together like he’s praying. I can hear him make a heartfelt plea for Angie’s safe return, begging anyone who knows where Angie is to come forward. After the interview is over, the reporter puts her arm around Curtis’ shoulders while he sobs. I go back inside my house and try to forget about Angie’s disappearance, opening up my laptop and surfing the web for a while.
Inevitably, I wind up watching Angie’s video of the fabric fence. After I look at the video, I scroll down to read a few of the comments people have posted. Most people’s opinions are positive, appreciating the artistry of the fabric fence video, but some people say that her disappearance is just a stunt to drive up viewership. I scroll back up to look at the statistics on the video, and I note that at last count there are two hundred million views. I wonder sourly if one of the people who watched the video is responsible for Angie’s disappearance. A crazy fan? It’s not impossible.
Delorean
A few days later a sense of normalcy returns, if you can call it that. The press vans have departed for the next big story, Detective Bard is leaving me alone, and I can’t say that I miss any of them.
I paint the downstairs in Andrew’s money-pit house, and I get the new appliances installed. The metal doorframes and doors are delivered, and I install those, too. The electronics for the security system are straightforward, and I spend an afternoon setting those up, connecting them through a wireless internet system to the same cable that feeds the flat-screen television that Andrew had me install over the fireplace.
New windows are going to be installed next week. A new roof will be put on the house after that. Then new carpet and furniture, and I’ll be done with the remodel and I’ll move on to other projects. Andrew’s already talking about buying another foreclosed house.
———
Curtis knocks on my front door late one afternoon, and he says he’s going back to Texas. He tells me he’ll lose his job and home if he doesn’t start pulling down a paycheck again. He hands me a grocery sack full of fan mail that’s piled up in Angie’s mailbox and asks if I’d be willing to pick up the mail that comes after he leaves. I tell him that I’d be happy to do that. He asks if I’d mind keeping an eye on Angie’s house so vandals won’t damage the place while she’s away. He says that he’s had to tell several people to get off the property who wanted to take a souvenir, and one of them even tried to carry off the small bench in the front yard. I tell Curtis I’d be honored to do that, and the two of us shake hands. Then he turns around and shuffles down the hill to his truck.
A few minutes later, I’m out on my deck looking at the shaggy grass in Angie’s back yard, and I decide to give Detective Bard a call. When he answers the phone, I identify myself, and he asks what I want. I tell him that Angie’s grass needs to be cut, and I want to know if it’s okay for me to mow it. I say there’s still crime scene tape on the front and back doors of the house, and I say I don’t want to create any conflict with his investigation. He says if all I’m doing on the property is mowing the lawn, go ahead. He reminds me to stay the hell out of the house, and I tell him I will.
I have an electric push mower that sounds like an angry hive of bees when I turn it on. It’s good for about thirty minutes, which should be more than enough for Angie’s yard, even if the grass is a foot tall. I push the mower down to Angie’s house, power it up, and use it to trim everything back to a respectable length.
After I finish mowing, I put the clippings in a yard debris bag, and then I notice the weeds growing in the flowerbeds. Senselessly, I feel like if I can make her house look good on the outside, I’m putting things back the way they used to be on the inside. It’s ridiculous of me to feel that way, I know, but when you feel powerless you look for any opportunity to assert yourself. Cleaning up Angie’s yard seemed like the least thing I could do to help. Or maybe the biggest thing I could do, realistically.
I get down on my knees and start weeding under the big window facing onto the front yard. I do the best I can to pull the dandelions and spurge and God-knows-what other kinds of weeds sprouting in the coastal soil like bacteria blooming in a petri dish. The hydrangeas Angie had planted have lost their color and look like they’re dying, too. I decide that when I finish the weeding, I’ll water the plants.
I finish going through the flowerbed in the front yard, then stand up, straighten out the kinks in my back, and go around to the back of the house where there’s another flowerbed beside the big french doors that open onto the porch. The glass and brass sculpture is still there, still moving slightly as the breeze touches the blades on the windmill. I think about the first time I saw Angie from atop a ladder when I was pressure washing my house, and I feel the anger and sadness building in me again. I get down on my hands and knees, pulling grass and dandelions out of the flowerbed.
And that’s when I find a pair of round-heeled boot prints like the ones made by the wolfman on Oceanside Beach. The prints are deep, and they face inward towards the house, like someone stood in the flowerbed for quite a while and looked through the french doors. When I recover from my shock, I stand up and then I stare through the window panes in the french doors. The drapes are pulled back, and there’s a clear view of the living room and kitchen. Angie’s big, blood-colored self-portrait still hangs on the wall in the living room, a silent reminder of her creativity, her appetite for self-destruction, and her absence.
I consider calling Detective Bard to tell him about what I found, but the evidence of the connection between the wolfman and Angie’s disappearance seems so tenuous I doubt he’d take me seriously. If he did think my theory was credible, he’d probably question why I hadn’t told him earlier about the attack I witnessed on the beach. The answer is that until the moment I saw the footprints in Angie’s flowerbed, I’d suspected that Angie’s inner demons had gotten the best of her and she’d gone down to the ocean to drown herself. And I hadn’t been for a run on the beach since Angie’s disappearance because I didn’t want to be the person who found her body washed up on the sand. After seeing the footprints, though, I’m thinking differently.
“I’m sorry, Angie,” I say aloud. “I’m sorry I doubted you, and I’m going to find the guy who did this if it’s the last thing I do.”
Delorean
It’s nearly 9 o’clock at night when the doorbell rings. I wonder if Curtis has come back, or Detective Bard has dropped by to interrogate me again, but when I answer the front door, I’m surprised to see that Michael is standing on the porch. He’s wearing black leather pants, a white tee shirt with Hello Kitty on it, and round sunglasses. His hair is spiked with gel. I pretend not to notice his costume or outfit or whatever-it-is.
I invite him in and ask if everything’s okay.
He says he needed to get out of Hampton to clear his head, and he asks if I have time to talk. I say, “Of course,” and he follows me into the kitchen. I’m grateful for both his company and the break from my daily routine.
I ask if he’d like an espresso and he says, “Sure,” so I turn the machine on and wait while the water heats up. Michael peers through the big kitchen window at the night sky and the small collection of street lights in downtown Oceanside. The machine is finally up to pressure, and I fill two small cups with coffee that looks as black and thick as used motor oil.
“It’s dark out there,” he says. “Isn’t it?”
“No doubt about it,” I say as I hand him his cup. We both take seats at the kitchen table. I ask him about his college applications but he shrugs my question off, going silent again. I decide to wait him out, knowing there’s something on his mind he wants to talk about. After a minute of silence, he tells me that Angie’s fence video has gone viral.
I ask him if he’s glad the video’s been seen by so many people, and he says, “Hundo P.”
“A hundred percent, huh?” I say.
“You know it. Still no news about Angie?” he says.
I shake my head.
He sighs and says he’s been bothered by Angie’s disappearance and wonders if the video contributed to that. He says that he’s thought about her being kidnapped by someone who saw the video and wanted to hurt her.
I tell him I think it’s possible someone who saw the video became fixated on her and killed her because he thought she was some kind of trophy who needed to be taken down. Then I ask him if he’d consider taking the video offline out of respect for her, her husband, and whatever other family she has.
He ignores my question, takes a sip of his espresso, and tells me the royalty checks for the video are insane. I ask what that means. He says the video has been seen two hundred million times since he posted it online. With royalties divided evenly between him, Amy, and Angie, they each have around a third of a million dollars in viewing payments.
I have to pause for a minute to think about what he’s just told me.
“You’re telling me you’ve gotten three hundred thousand in royalties on the video?” I say.
“That’s the total so far. Before all the taxes are taken out of it, at least.”
“Of course,” I say. “And Amy’s gotten the same amount?”
“Right.”
“Well, that’s a life-changing amount of money, Michael,” I say. “It should cover your college expenses for any school, no problem.”
“My name as an artist is Blade now, not Michael,” he says. “And I’m not sure I want to go to college. Even if I can afford it now.”
“Excuse me, Blade,” I say. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m getting calls from musical groups who want me to produce their next video. And I got a job offer to move to L.A. and become the video production thought leader for a major label. They love my work, apparently.”
“Just out of curiosity, what does a video production thought leader do?” I ask.
“Have you heard of Rabid Poontang?”
“No. I’m sure I haven’t. Does it have something to do with muskrats screwing?”
“Rabid Poontang is a band, and they’re in the middle of a sold-out U.S. tour before they go to Europe. Their agent asked if I’d like to join the tour and put together a concert movie. It’s pretty chill.”
“What about finishing high school and going to college?”
“Why bother?” he says. “I need income, not a piece of paper saying I sat through classes for four years.”
“What’s Amy think about all this?” I ask.
“She got into Harvard, and now she can afford it whether or not she gets financial aid.”
“Is that where she’s going?”
He pauses and then says, “Seems like it.”
“And you’re not bothered by the two of you splitting up?” I ask.
“She’s on a different path than I am. She thinks an Ivy League school is where she wants to be. I don’t see the point.”
“Fame and fortune are transient. Educate yourself. You won’t regret it.”
“You got a degree,” he says, staring at me through his green-tinted sunglasses. “You’re not setting the world on fire.”
I’m taken aback by the blunt lack of respect. Or maybe he’s just delivering an honest assessment from his point of view. If there wasn’t a certain amount of truth to what he was saying, I could probably shrug it off. However, since he’s half my age and doesn’t know anything about my life or why I make the choices I do, I’m bugged.
“I’ve got a long day tomorrow, Blade,” I say. “You should probably get back on the road to Hampton. You’ve got a long drive ahead of you.”
“You want me to leave,” he says.
“I’m going to bed early,” I say, “I need to set a tiny piece of the world on fire tomorrow, and getting plenty of sleep is a precondition.”
“Really? Like what?”
“Like painting the entire upstairs in one of Andrew’s homes.”
He shrugs. “Sounds dull,” he says.
“To you,” I reply. “To me it seems worthwhile. It makes something better than it was before, which is all the reason I need."
“I’m sorry if I insulted you,” he says, staring at the back of his hand and checking the quality of his manicure. I notice he’s wearing an expensive diver’s wristwatch.
“Hey, Blade,” I say. “You just called it like you see it. And I’m more than big enough to take it, believe me. If you think you live on too elevated a plane to get your hands dirty, I accept that, and if you think you can do better without a college degree, that’s your choice to make, not mine.”
Michael gets up from the kitchen table. He takes his espresso cup to the kitchen sink, washes it out, and puts the cup in the drying rack.
“Thanks for the coffee,” he says.
He gives me a two-finger salute and lets himself out through the front door. A moment later I hear a car’s engine starting. It sounds like he’s driving a hot rod, and I have to admit I’m curious. I go to the door, open it, and look past my Mustang to where he’s parked his car. I watch him pull away in a black Dodge Challenger with the just-bought paper tag in the rear window. I listen to the supercharger on the seven hundred horsepower motor whine as he gooses the gas pedal, and the car disappears down the hill like a phantom.
I go back inside, put on a jazz album, and wait for my blood pressure to go down. Then I decide to give Tara Lowry a call.
She seems pleased and surprised to hear from me, and after we chat about the weather, I mention that Michael just dropped by for a visit. She asks if I realize how Michael’s life has changed because of the video.
“I think I do. He seems like a different kid,” I say. “One I’m not sure I recognize any more. He’s moved into a different world since the video went viral.”
“He and Amy are celebrities with their classmates now,” she says. “He told me he’s being recruited to do videos for big-name bands. I gather Amy got into Harvard and it’s already paid for.”
“That’s a lot to take in. They were still trying to figure out where to go to college just a few weeks ago.”
“It’s the modern world, isn’t it?” she says.
“Seems so.”
“I heard about Angie Silver’s disappearance. That’s tragic.”
“I think the same guy who harassed you on the beach might be responsible.”
She’s quiet for a moment. “Seriously?”
“The shoes that guy wore on the beach left footprints like ones I found outside of Angie’s bedroom window.”
“Did you tell the police?”
“I can’t prove it’s the same person, so for the time being I want to look into it on my own.”
“And you think you can catch this person by yourself?”
“It’s possible.”
“Suppose you do. What are you going to do with him?”
“It depends.”
“On what?”
“On whether I’m certain he was responsible for what happened to Angie Silver. And whether I think the police would prosecute him.”
She pauses. “What would you do if you didn’t turn him over to the police?”
“Take appropriate measures.”
She’s quiet on the line for a while, and then says, “You want to deal with this on your own, don’t you? Like you did with Michael’s dad, and like you did when you saw me on the beach. You want to get into the middle of something dangerous and straighten it out. Make someone pay a price for what they did.”
“There’s a personal element to this, I admit. Angie Silver was my neighbor and friend, and I consider you a friend, too. I’m not just going to let it go.”
“And if you told the police about the connection to what happened to me, and they investigated, it wouldn’t be as satisfying, because someone else solved the problem.”
“That’s not the only reason I want to get involved. My confidence in the police who are working on Angie’s case is not high. I think they’re going in circles trying to figure out what happened, and they’d hang her disappearance around my neck if they could find a way to do it. If I tell them I found footprints in her flowerbed like ones I saw on the beach, they’ll just turn their attention back to me again.”
“And what have you got that the police don’t have? Aside from moral outrage.”
“The police have to stay in their lane and follow the rules, and I don’t.”
“You sound like you’ve done this kind of thing before.”
“I have. More than once.”
Neither of us says anything for a while.
“I hope you don’t think I’m being critical,” she says. “I’m not bothered by what you’re doing or how you think about things,” she says. “But I never met anyone before who intentionally inserts himself into other people’s problems like this. Someday you’ll have to explain to me where this is coming from. That’s the counselor in me talking.”
“It’s like this,” I say. “My parents were killed by a loan shark when I was a little kid. Some very bad people came to our house to make an example out of them, and the only reason I’m not dead, too, is that I fought dirty. That taught me a valuable lesson about survival, and when I encounter psychopaths I remember that lesson. I don’t wave a flag or call for help. I come out swinging, like you did on the beach in Oceanside.”
“Okay,” she says quietly. “I’m sorry about your parents.”
“It’s all right. I didn’t mean to unload on you. Look, would you consider moving in with someone else for a while? For your safety.”
“Are you propositioning me?”
“Uh. No. That isn’t what I meant.”
“I was just kidding,” she says. “I know what you actually meant. There isn’t anyone I can stay with. But it’s okay. I’ll be vigilant. I promise.”
“If you need anything, or just feel spooked, call me, okay? If I don’t pick up right away, give Michael a call. He lives closer and knows how to get in touch with me. I’ll be there as soon as I can. If you feel like you’re in immediate danger, find a defensible space, get out the gun, and dial 9-1-1, right?”
“You’re scaring me,” she says. “Even with the gun and the mace, I’m worried now.”
“You should be. This guy is a predator who’s getting better at what he does.”
Brett
Brett answers his doorbell to find Leon on his front porch, and there’s a cab pulling away from the curb. He’d expected Leon to text him when he was released from prison, but that didn’t happen. He hadn’t planned on Leon showing up with a wad of rolled-up clothes under one arm, looking like a family member who’s fallen on hard times. Brett was taken aback by Leon’s prison-yard-weightlifter physicality, too. In the nine months Leon spent behind bars, his arms became thick as stovepipes and his neck disappeared beneath a continuous trunk of muscle starting at his shoulders and continuing to his chin.
“Aren’t you going to invite me in?” Leon says. “We’re friends, right?”
Brett opens the door wider and stands out of the way.
Leon comes inside and tosses his clothes on the sofa. Then he goes into the kitchen to see what’s in the refrigerator.
———
Two beers and a huge ham sandwich later, Leon belches with a satisfied, rumbling tone and then asks what Brett did with the packages.
Brett gets up from the kitchen table and says, “Follow me.” They exit the kitchen through the back door onto the narrow sidewalk that runs alongside the rear of the home. Leon follows Brett down a set of crumbling concrete stairs to a door so short he has to stoop to go inside. The doorway is meant to provide access to an oil-fired furnace, but the furnace was cut up and hauled off years ago as scrap metal when the house was converted to use natural gas heat. Now there’s just a big hole under the house with a concrete floor and a crude concrete tub and a set of spooky-looking packages covered in black plastic wrap and duct tape.
“You found them,” Leon says.
“I told you I did. And now you’ve seen they’re safe and accounted for, so they all need to go.”
“Go where?”
“Away.”
“Why?”
“Because keeping them is a risk. A big one. I get caught with this in my house I’ll get the electric chair. They need to be gone, and soon.”
“We can open up the wall in one of your rooms, put the packages in, and cover them up. Then we’d always know where they are, right?”
“Yes. We could do that. Or we could get rid of them and never have to think about them again.”
“And the tapes?”
Brett points at a dimly-lit corner of the basement. “Over against the wall. Those need to go, too.”
“What about the other thing?”
“What other thing?”
“That asshole who threatened me. Did you take him out?”
“Not yet,” Brett says, improvising. “It’s a two-man job. I was waiting for you to get out."
Leon thinks about it for a moment, nods, and then the two of them head back upstairs to the kitchen. There’s only one beer left in the refrigerator, nothing like what Leon says he needs so he can properly celebrate his release after spending nine months in a cage.
Leon takes a seat in Brett’s favorite recliner and tells Brett to go get a whole lot more beer and some whiskey. He says it’s time for an absolutely epic drunk. He tells Brett that he’s been drinking prune-based wine for the last 9 months and he’s ready for something better.
“How long are you planning on staying?” Brett asks.
“It’s comfortable here. Easily big enough for two friends like us, wouldn’t you say?”
“It’s a small house, and I’m used to living alone.”
“Get used to having company. We’re partners now. Tonight we’ve got some serious drinking to do. And tomorrow we’ll take care of the problem in Oceanside you were too much of a coward to handle on your own.” 
Leon picks up the remote control, turns on the television, and starts clicking across the channels.
“You got any porn on this thing?” Leon asks.
“No. I don’t have that cable package.”
“Get it,” Leon says. “That’s an order. I’m not a fucking monk. I have needs.”
Brett is livid as he leaves the house, but he doesn’t drive very far before he’s made a plan to get his life back.
———
He goes to the nearest liquor store and buys a dozen chilled 32-ounce bottles of beer and a half gallon of the cheapest whiskey he can find. On the way home, he stops at a hardware store and parks at the far edge of parking lot, away from all the other cars and trucks. He doesn’t want any witnesses for what he’s about to do. Then he goes inside and buys a bottle of scent-free, taste-free rat poison. He heads back out to his truck and pours a few ounces of beer out of several of the bottles before adding a few ounces of rat poison back in. He twists the screw tops back on tight and gives the bottles a little shake to mix the rat poison in with the beer. Tears a piece of the label off of each of the bottles he’s put poison into so he’ll be able to avoid drinking from them. He realizes that he actually does agree with Leon about just one thing: it’ll be an epic drunk, all right.
Delorean
The following night I’m watching the evening news when I get a call from Eric Fullmeyer. He tells me he’s been in touch with the warden at the prison where Leon was being held. He says the warden looked into it, and someone in Leon’s cell block snitched on the inmate who rented Leon a cell phone.
“Oh yeah?” I say.
“Right. And eventually the warden was able to confiscate the pass-around phone. There weren’t any text conversations on it, those had all been deleted. But the call log contained a long list of outgoing calls, and my intern matched those phone numbers up against calls made by Leon Goetz from his home phone in Oceanside before he went to prison. One number was a match, and there quite a few calls to it - we think it’s the contractor Leon paid to build the patio for his home in Oceanside. The home with the holes cut in the walls and the door kicked in.”
“You think he’s the guy?” I say.
“Pretty sure.”
“You got a name and address?”
“The name is Brett Stakely. I’m texting the address to you now.”
“Thanks. I’m going to pay Brett a visit.”
Eric coughs and then says, “Do you want company? I wouldn’t mind coming along for the ride.”
“I think I’ve got it under control.”
“All right. Call if you get in over your head.”
“Will do.”
“Call? Or get in over your head?”
“Probably both,” I say, and I hear Eric laughing as I disconnect the call.
——— 
After I get off the phone with Eric, I start a pot of coffee brewing. Then I get the .38 police special from my gun safe and I pull on a dark windbreaker. I return to the kitchen in time to watch the coffee maker belch the last few drops into the carafe, and I transfer most of the coffee to an insulated bottle. I’m ready to rock. Or to sit in my car all night in front of Brett’s house, if need be.
———
It’s a two-hour trip from Oceanside to far north Portland, giving me plenty of time to think about what I’m going to do when I get there. I’m sipping at the coffee as I work my way through the coastal mountain range, pulled towards my destination by a desire for revenge that feels stronger as each mile passes. I’m confident that Brett’s the one who broke into Andrew’s house and cut holes in the wall, and I’m going to find out why. If my suspicions are right, and he’s also responsible for Angie’s disappearance, I’m going to make him sorry he was ever born.
It’s midnight when I park my Mustang on a quiet street in what you’d call a blue-collar neighborhood if you didn’t know how much Portland real estate costs. No one making a blue-collar salary can afford it now, that’s for sure. The houses are small, one-story homes built fifty years ago, and there are mature trees in the yards and modest cars and trucks parked in the driveways. At one time, homes like these were affordable places to live. Now, even the tear-downs go for four hundred thousand in Portland.
The home at the address I’m looking for is the ugly duckling of the block, with un-mowed grass, a mailbox welded to a piece of plumbing pipe sticking out of the sidewalk, six-foot chain link fence enclosing the small front yard, and signs attached to the fence threatening trespassers with being bitten by a dog and shot.
Good thing I’ve got a .38 revolver and a death wish.
The drapes are pulled closed across the narrow windows flanking the front door, but the lights are on inside. I consider kicking in the front door and going in with the gun in my hand, but it seems to make more sense to get a feel for how many people are in the house before I declare war. I get out of the Mustang and go past a workman’s pickup truck in the driveway, through a chain link gate on the side of the house, and into the back yard. I step through knee-high weeds and grass before taking up a position behind the thick trunk of a fir tree. There’s a clear view of the rear of the home, and the light coming from the kitchen window paints the yard in dim shades of grey. No signs of a doghouse or dog bowl, and no smell of dog crap, either. So far, so good.
A dark-haired man wearing a denim jacket briefly comes into view in the kitchen window. He looks like he might be the right height to be the wolfman, but I can’t be sure. I watch for a few minutes, wondering how many other people are inside, and then my body reminds me about the coffee I drank on the way over from the coast. It isn’t long before the pressure in my bladder has my full and complete attention.
It isn’t optimal behavior for covert surveillance, I admit, but I unzip my pants and relieve myself against the tree. When you desperately need to go to the bathroom, the pleasure of finally doing so is about as close to nirvana as you’ll ever get. Too bad the feeling of total relief only lasts for five seconds.
As luck would have it, I’m zipping up when the door to the left of the kitchen window opens, and the man in the denim jacket backs out through the doorway. He’s bent over, but his build matches my memories of the wolfman from Oceanside beach.
He takes a quick look over his shoulder before dragging something down the short set of stairs from the kitchen and onto the sidewalk. As he pulls the shape into the light under the kitchen window, I realize that what he’s towing behind him is a body, obviously male. I watch him descend another short set of steps, open what looks like a cellar door, and turn on an interior light before dragging the body inside and closing the door behind him. I reach back and take the .38 from the holster on my hip.
Time to make a new friend.
The cellar door is closed but not locked, and as I open it, I see that he’s dragged the body across the floor and manhandled it into what looks like a concrete tub. There’s a machete at his feet and a couple of fifty-pound bags of quicklime leaning against the side of the tub. Oddly-shaped bundles wrapped in black plastic and duct tape are stacked against the wall.
He looks in my direction when I pull the cellar door closed behind me. There’s surprise on his face, as well as recognition that I have a gun in my hand.
“Who the fuck are you?” he says. He has his shoulders pulled back and his chest pushed out like he wants to make himself look imposing, ready for a fight.
“As far as you’re concerned, I’m the grim reaper. Is that Leon Goetz in the tub?”
After a moment he says, “Yeah. It’s Leon. Do I know you?”
I ignore his question as I take in the scene. The feet, arms, and head of Leon’s fully-clothed body stick out of the concrete basin. In death, Leon looks like a muscled-up cowboy lolling in a whorehouse tub.
“Is he dead?” I say.
“I think so.”
“You going to cut him up with that machete before you use the quicklime on him?” I ask.
“Yeah,” he says defensively.
“Wouldn’t it have been easier to cut him up before you put him in the tub?”
“I didn’t think about that.”
“Planning is important, Brett. Are those the packages you cut from the wall of Leon’s house in Oceanside?”
“Oh,” he says. “I know who you are. You’re that Delorean guy who pissed Leon off. You called Leon’s lawyer and made threats. How did you find me?”
“Answer my question.”
He nods towards the corpse in the tub. “He put the packages in the wall, not me.”
“Who are they?” I say. I lift my chin towards the plastic-wrapped packages. “Those are dismembered bodies, right?”
“I don’t know. Leon did all that before my time.”
“You two have been busy beavers,” I say. “What did you do with Angie Silver?”
He looks upwards for a second, like he’s trying to remember something, and then back at me. “Is that what you’re here about?”
I cock the hammer on my .38. The metallic sound echoes off the basement’s concrete walls with finality.
“I’m asking you a second time,” I say. “There’s no third. Where did you put her?”
“I didn’t do anything to her,” he says. “I didn’t put her anywhere.”
“I know you were there when she disappeared. You lie to me again, and you’re going into the tub with Leon. After I use the machete.”
He pauses, looking at the floor like he’s trying to figure out where he went wrong. “Okay. I went to her house in Oceanside, but that’s it. I walked around in her yard, and I saw her through the windows at the back of the house. She was in the kitchen, and she had on a short skirt and a top that let you see everything. Man, she was hot. You would have looked, too, if you’d been there.”
“And?”
“And someone came into the kitchen.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“He was dressed like an ice cream man.”
“What?”
“All in white, white pants and shoes. Maybe he worked in a hospital.”
“You’re lying,” I say.
“I’m telling the truth,” he says. “There were grass stains all over the back of his pants.”
“No.”
“I couldn’t hear what they said, but it seemed like they knew each other. She didn’t look that surprised when he came into the kitchen. They said a few things back and forth, and then she pointed towards the front door. He shook his head and grabbed her arm and I heard her yell at him to get out. He slapped her, and it looked like her head bounced off the kitchen counter when she went down. She didn’t get up again.”
It becomes oppressively quiet in the basement, and I feel a wave of despair washing over me. I see him turning his head this way and that, looking for a weapon or something he can throw at me. He’s twenty feet away, too far for him to hope to surprise me. There isn’t a lot he can do to defend himself other than using the machete at his feet. I hope he reaches for it.
“Then what?” I say.
“Then he acted all panicked. He checked to see if she was breathing, and I heard him shouting “fuck” over and over. He picked her up, put her over his shoulder, and carried her out of the kitchen. A minute later I thought I heard a car start. I went around the house to see where they went, and the front door was open. As far as I could tell she was gone, so I went back to my truck and left. I swear what I just told you is true.”
“You left something out.”
“What? No, I didn’t.”
“You didn’t tell me why you were there.”
“I’m a fan. I saw her video. I just wanted to meet her.”
“You tracked her down and you were stalking her, you asshole. You didn’t ring her doorbell and ask for an autograph, you were standing in her back yard at night, peeping through the window. What if someone else hadn’t shown up? What would you have done?”
“Nothing. I just wanted a look.”
I shake my head. “I don’t think so. I was there the night you lured the woman down the beach. You had on a wolf mask, remember?”
He’s quiet.
“You wanted more than a look at Angie,” I say. “You wanted a trophy. If you didn’t kill her, it’s only because someone else got there first.” I tip my head towards Leon’s corpse in the tub. “Looks like you’ve gotten a taste for it.”
“I did you a favor,” he says. “Leon said you threatened him. He wanted to take your head off and burn down the house you’re working on. If I hadn’t killed him, you’d be dead.”
“I doubt it,” I say.
“So, we can call it even.”
“I don’t think we’re close to being even,” I say. “Not yet.”
While I’m keeping the gun aimed at Brett, I reach into my shirt pocket with my free hand and lift the digital recorder. I shut it off, then slide my cell phone from my back pocket and take several pictures of Brett standing by the tub.
“What are you going to do with that?” Brett says.
“I want you to do something for me,” I say. “This guarantees you will.”
Delorean
Two days later, Andrew’s met me at the renovated Oceanside beach house for the final inspection before he lists the place for rent. I notice as we go through the rooms together that he’s still got the holster on his hip, and he’s touching it frequently, like the gun is some sort of pacifier for his nerves.
After we finish going through the house, we’re standing in the kitchen and looking at Andrew’s checklist, ticking off a few bits of detail work he wants me to address. His concerns seem ridiculously small: smooth out a bit of caulk at the base of the bathtub, fill a nick in the wood on the stairway, and replace a faucet in the downstairs bathroom that has a tiny scratch on it. The longer I work for him, the more convinced I am that he’s a control freak. I guess that fits with what I know about what he did to Angie. He lost control, and his freak-out cost Angie her life.
I hear car doors closing in the driveway, and Andrew glances through the window over the sink.
“Hell,” he says. “Not Bard again.” He crosses his arms and leans back against the new kitchen countertop. The doorbell rings.
I go over to the front door and let them in. Two uniformed police officers trail Detective Bard into the kitchen, and then Brett comes in, too. Now there are six of us standing in the kitchen, and it’s a tight fit. 
“You’re back again,” Andrew says, “This is bordering on harassment for me and for Delorean, too. Should I call my attorney?”
“You don’t have to say a word,” Bard says. “In fact, I recommend against it.” He turns to Brett and says, “Is this the guy?”
Brett nods. “It’s him. The last time I saw him he was dressed all in white, but that’s him, all right.”
“Describe when and where you saw him.”
“I’d gone to Angie Silver’s house to get an autograph one night. Nobody answered the front door, so I went around the house to see if she was working in the yard or something. I saw her through the back window; she was in the kitchen, and it looked like she was crying.” 
Brett points a finger at Andrew before continuing. “Then he came in, the two of them argued and he grabbed her by the arm. She yelled at him to get out, and he slapped her in the face so hard that she went down. Looked like she hit her head on the countertop when she was falling. She didn’t get back up, and he lifted her up off the floor and carried her out over his shoulder like she was unconscious.”
I watch the color drain from Andrew’s face as the two police officers grab hold of his arms. They get Andrew’s hands behind his back and put the handcuffs on, and one of the policemen lifts the clip-on holster from Andrew’s hip.
“I did not do anything to Angie Silver,” Andrew says, each word distinct. “I want to call my attorney.”
Detective Bard reads Andrew his Miranda rights and then turns to Brett and asks him if he’s ever seen me before. Brett shakes his head and says, ‘no’.
Bard looks at me hard, like he doesn’t believe that what Brett said is true. Then he turns back to the uniformed officer who has a grip on Andrew’s handcuffs, and he says, “Let’s go, then.”
Delorean
Three days later there’s a story in the news about Angie’s body being located on national forest property a short drive from Oceanside. In exchange for a plea deal, Andrew had admitted guilt and agreed to show the police where he’d left Angie’s body. The prosecutor said that because Andrew admitted guilt, had no prior criminal history, and no firearm was used in the commission of the crime, the penalty was knocked down from manslaughter to involuntary manslaughter. Andrew would be going to prison for the ridiculously short term of 16 months. I’d naively thought Andrew would be put away for life for what he did to Angie. Instead, he’s barely getting a slap on the wrist. That doesn’t sit well with me.
——— 
While Andrew is in jail awaiting the start of his incarceration in the Oregon State Penitentiary, his attorney contacts me and tells me that Curtis Waldrip is making public threats about filing a civil suit against Andrew for Angie’s death. Andrew wants to protect his wealth by putting his properties into a domestic asset protection trust and making me the trustee. If I agree to run the trust, I’d continue to be paid as before as a contractor plus an additional two hundred dollars an hour for any time spent on the financial side of the business: collecting rent, paying taxes, paying bills, etc. Andrew knows that I have an accounting degree, and he wants to keep his business rolling while he’s in prison.
I tell the attorney that I’m willing to manage the properties and the trust, but I want a signed contract with Andrew that explicitly says I can in no way be held legally liable for any of the decisions I make with the assets or any cash that I take out of the trust. The attorney says if the property were his, he’d never agree to a demand like that, since there’s no limit on what I could do with the assets.
I tell him that if I see a house at an attractive price and want to buy it, I don’t want to be sued later for using trust money to do it, and if I decide to sell a house I can’t rent, I don’t want to be sued later for doing that, either.
Andrew’s attorney says he needs to check with Andrew and will get back to me.
———
The next day Andrew’s attorney calls to tell me that Andrew says he considers me a good friend and would never blame me for any bad decisions I make about the rental houses. He emails me a contract to sign digitally that Andrew’s already co-signed. Andrew still doesn’t know that I forced Brett to go to the police, implicating Andrew in Angie’s murder. As I sign the contract I think, “The fox is in the henhouse now.”
The fact that Andrew killed Angie, hid her body, and walked the streets of Oceanside pretending to look for her tells me he’s a cold-blooded killer and that I misjudged him badly. Or maybe it tells me that even a decent person can do terrible things and compartmentalize it so well that it isn’t obvious to others. I don’t like either of these possibilities very much, and I think the length of Andrew’s prison term is about how long it will take me to turn his real estate empire into a smoking crater. I can rent his beach houses for five cents a day if it suits me, or have the homes all painted purple if I feel like it. Or I could stop making the mortgage payments on the homes and let the lenders foreclose. Or I could burn everything to the ground. It’s something to consider, and I ponder on it while I keep Andrew’s real estate empire humming along.
Delorean
Two weeks later I’m making repairs on one of Andrew’s rental houses when I get a call from Tara, and she tells me she’s certain she’s being stalked. I ask her if she’s seen anyone, a person or a car that would help identify them, and she says she hasn’t. It’s just a strong feeling that someone’s watching her when she’s jogging in her neighborhood or walking between her car and the high school. I ask her if she wants to call the police, and she says, “All I could tell them is that I’m spooked. The next step would be for the police to go to the school administration and ask questions about my mental stability. If that happens, I’m sunk.”
“I see your point,” I say. “Damned if you do and damned if you don’t.”
“Would you mind coming to Hampton for a few days?” she says. “I feel like I’m losing my mind, but in my heart I know I’m right. If there were anyone else I could call, I would.”
My first thought is that Brett has tracked Tara down using the driver’s license she dropped on the beach in Oceanside. Of course, it could be someone else stalking Tara, and my going after Brett wouldn’t help at all. I’d been keeping my distance from Brett since I blackmailed him into testifying against Andrew Tiner, and I wanted to let sleeping dogs lie if I possibly could. Because there’s no way to know for certain who’s bothering Tara, I offer to be her bodyguard until we get things sorted out.
She gives me her address, and I tell her I’ll be outside of her apartment within a few hours. I pick up a handful of things at my house: enough clothes to last several weeks without doing laundry, a stack of books to read, grounds and filters for the coffee maker, my cell phone charger, anti-perspirant, toothpaste, and shampoo. I drive my Mustang over to the R.V. place in Tillamook and rent a van with an interior that’s nicer than most of the places I’ve lived. There’s leather and wood and wool carpet and stainless steel and a functional kitchen and bathroom and bed. It isn’t half bad, as temporary housing goes. I use the credit card for Andrew’s business to cover a one-month lease on the van, which feels pretty satisfying since it rents for about seven hundred dollars a day. I leave my Mustang in the long-term parking lot and head east towards the Portland metroplex.
When I get to Tara’s neighborhood in Gladstone, I park at the curb across the street from her apartment, and I call to let her know I’ve arrived. She says she’s relieved I’m there, and she asks if I want to come inside. I tell her I think it’ll be easier for me to catch someone stalking her if I stay outside where I can watch the exterior of her apartment. She pauses, says that makes sense, and then tells me about her work schedule. We agree on a communication protocol, and the waiting begins.
———
Most of the time while Tara’s working at school, or she’s inside her apartment, I sit in the van and watch cable shows using the van’s satellite dish, or I read novels, or I do sit-ups and push-ups, or I cook meals. Sometimes when I’m bored, I sit at the small kitchen table and consider my circumstances. Occasionally my mind starts to drift, and I entertain fantasies about my future, deciding that when I’ve sorted things out for Tara, I’ll close out my bank accounts, buy my own van, and hit the road for a year or two. I can hire a property manager to handle Andrew’s houses and pay their salary out of the trust. While I’m fantasizing about the future, I get out my digital recorder and start capturing the details of where I’d like to go if I was living like a nomad. I shut the recorder off, then turn it back on and consider a few pros and cons about whether I would even want to return to Oceanside after living on the road for a while. Since Angie’s killing, the place feels phony and superficial to me, like the main street in a Hollywood movie. Andrew Tiner’s confession to killing Angie made me doubt my ability to read other people’s motives and also my ability to trust them. Maybe it’s best that I’m by myself for a while until I feel like I have my feet under me again. When I run out of words, I shut off the recorder, zip it in my coat pocket, and go back to my routine of watching and waiting.
——— 
Tara texts me around 4:45 in the morning when she’s leaving for work, and I follow at a discreet distance as she drives from her apartment in Gladstone to a dimly-lit residential street in Hampton. After she finds parking, she straps on her backpack and turns on her flashlight, making her way on foot past the manicured lawns of high-end homes before following a trail winding through a quarter mile of fir trees, traversing a footbridge spanning the Hampton River, and crossing the student parking lot for Hampton High School.
When Tara makes it to the school building and uses her key card to get inside, I turn around and make the trek back through the forest to my van, where I wait for her until six thirty or seven at night. In the evening, she texts me fifteen minutes before she’s going to leave school, and I exit the van and jog through the neighborhood into the stand of fir trees. When I reach the far side of the forest and I can see the Hampton High School building, I wait behind one of the trees and send her a text letting her know I’m ready to follow her back to her car. When she gets my text, she exits the building with her backpack on, her flashlight in one hand and her purse in the other.
I’m always relieved to see her as she crosses the footbridge over the Hampton River and approaches the trees. I give her a head start through the forest and then I follow, paralleling her path and staying at least fifty yards behind her when we reach the neighborhood where her car’s parked. Then I follow her home, park on the street outside her apartment, and wait for her to text me when she gets inside. If I don’t hear from her in the first couple of minutes after she enters her apartment, I’ll come running.
I try to stay far enough away when I’m following that it doesn’t look like we’re together, but close enough I should be able to intervene if someone attacks her. If things go well, Tara and I hope to catch her stalker in the act and get him put away for a while, but what we’re doing isn’t without risk. If he’s faster than I am, or he sees me shadowing her and realizes we’re setting a trap for him, Tara and I could pay with our lives.
———
Days pass with nothing noteworthy happening, and we fall into a comfortable routine despite the strangeness of what we’re doing.
Our daily routine is both mundane and nervous-making, but neither of us can think of a way to handle things differently. We could go to the police with our suspicions, or I could pay a visit to Brett’s house to see if he’s the one who’s stalking Tara, but she hasn’t actually seen anyone, she just feels in her gut that someone is watching her and waiting. Under the circumstances, I choose to leave Brett and his personal graveyard alone. Brett and I had an agreement that if he came forward and testified against Andrew, I wouldn’t turn him in to the police for what I’d recorded in his basement. He’d kept his part of the deal so far, and I want to keep my distance from him if I can manage it.
———
After a week of following Tara around, I’m starting to wonder if she actually is being stalked, or if I spooked her into a state of paranoia when I met with her to warn her about the person who took Angie. When nothing happens day after day, both of us start to let our guard down.
In the evenings, when she’s in her apartment and I’m in the van, we often talk on the phone just to pass the time. In conversation, she’s intelligent, funny, self-deprecating, loves to talk about her students and her job, and laughs often and deeply about the ridiculous things she has to deal with at work. Her presence and her spirit are a welcome alternative to the diet of solitude I’ve been living on, and I embrace it like someone dying of thirst relishes a tall glass of lemonade.
Sometimes there’s a prolonged silence on the phone when we run out of things to talk about, but it’s not unpleasant. Just knowing she’s on the other end of the line feels good. She’s there, and we’re connected, even if I can’t reach out and touch her. The last time it happened, when we had been silent on the phone for a minute or more, she asked me if I was still there.
“Of course, I am,” I say. “I just couldn’t think of anything to say.”
“It’s nice just talking, isn’t it?”
“Absolutely.”
“You’re not getting bored with following me around, are you?”
“Never.”
“I want you to know I appreciate what you’re doing,” she says. “I know this is a big inconvenience.”
I pause, deciding to let down my guard and tell her how I feel. “The thing is,” I say. “I think you’re terrific, and if I could choose to be anywhere in the world right now, I’d still be here. Okay?”
“Talking to me from inside your van?” She giggles. “I feel a bit jilted that you’d rather be in your van than sitting beside me on my sofa.”
“Okay,” I laugh. “That would be a lot better, I admit.”
She pauses, and then says, “That was my subtle way of telling you that if you asked me out, I would say ‘Yes’.”
“I noticed,” I say. “You made me smile.”
“I’m not usually this forward,” she says. “But I like you and I want you to know that.”
“I’m glad you like me,” I say. “I’ve seen what you can do to someone who makes you mad.”
She laughs. “He had it coming.”
“Absolutely.”
“I hope I’m not scaring you away. Some men are very afraid of commitment.”
I laugh. “You’ll have to try harder than that to get rid of me. Look, maybe we should call this whole thing off. If anything happened to you, I’d never forgive myself.”
She’s quiet for a moment. “You really feel that way?”
“I don’t want to scare you away, either,” I say. “But yes, I do.”
“Sometimes it’s hard for me to tell when a guy is telling the truth. People just say things. You know?”
“I meant what I said. Any man who isn’t blind can see how special you are. You’re beautiful, smart, funny, and brave, too. You know that about yourself, right?”
She’s quiet again, and then she says, “Don’t break my heart, okay? Because I’m starting to fall for you.”
I feel a sensation of pressure in my chest that’s half euphoria and half agony, like my spirit is coming alive and dying at the same time. “I promise,” I say.
“Good night, then,” she says. “Sweet dreams.”
Delorean
It’s 4:45 in the morning, and I’m looking for a place to park my van in a neighborhood of homes the size of small hotels. Previous mornings it wasn’t a problem for me to find parking, but this time it is. Both sides of the street are lined with cars at the curb, and I watch Tara’s Toyota Camry slip into the only open spot within a hundred yards of the entrance to the forest. I put my van into reverse, back up past a half-dozen of the huge houses, and finally find a place where I can park.
I turn off the headlights, get out of the van, and realize that Tara hasn’t waited for me. She’s way ahead of me on the now-familiar route between the neighborhood and Hampton High School. The street lights are spaced at fifty-yard intervals, and I watch her walk through the last pool of light on her way into the trees.
She doesn’t look over her shoulder to see if I’m following her, but even if she did, I doubt she’d be able to see me. I’m wearing dark clothing from head to toe - black jeans, a lightweight black coat, black gloves, black tennis shoes, and a black balaclava over my face. I’ve got my .38 revolver in a form-fitting holster, and I feel it pressing against the small of my back, reminding me of the mortal stakes of the game we’re playing.
I watch her shape fade to black as she enters the forest, and then I can’t see her any more. I feel a sense of unease rising within me, and I pick up my pace, jogging quickly through the neighborhood.
I’m about thirty seconds behind her as I enter the canopy of old-growth Douglas Fir trees, and I turn on my red LED flashlight so I don’t trip over the tree roots crisscrossing the forest floor like thick cables. I follow the same route we always follow, sticking to the hardened path of the trail, and I keep thinking I’ll catch sight of her again, but even after I follow the trail for a quarter mile to the far edge of the forest, I still don’t see her. I can’t understand how she could have gotten so far ahead of me that she’s already inside the school building.
I get out my cell phone and send her a text asking, “Are you okay?”
I wait thirty seconds, get no response, and I feel my pulse jump to a new level. I turn back towards the trees as I break into a full run, retracing my steps on the trail, shouting her name, frantically swinging the red beam of the flashlight at the path and the dark gaps between the trees, looking for any sign of where she could have left the trail. I’m nearly back to the other side of the forest when I get a whiff of something that smells like pepper spray. I stop, stand still, and try to ignore the pounding of my heart as I listen with every fiber of my being. I hear the sound of twigs snapping to my right, and I dash in that direction, dodging between trees, shining my flashlight beam into the darkness, and hoping I’ll see her.
The red cone of light from my LED flashlight cuts across Tara’s backpack lying on the forest floor, the beam of her own dropped flashlight illuminating the base of a nearby tree.
I shout Tara’s name again, but I get no response. Then I hear a sound behind me like a metal pipe hitting a tree trunk, and as I turn towards it, I hear a loud ‘click’. The forest lights up with a flash as bright as an arc welder makes, and for a fraction of a second I see the outline of a man maybe twenty yards away. He’s holding a spotlight in one hand and a hammer in the other. The spotlight lens is big as a dinner plate, the bulb blindingly bright, and the heat from the beam feels like it will peel my skin.
When he aims the beam directly at my face, my instincts to protect my eyesight kick in, and I drop my flashlight and pull my hands to my face. It’s too late, though. I’m already blind.
There’s another loud click and the spotlight goes out. Even in my diminished state, I assume that means it’s time for the hammer to come down. On me, I mean.
I’ll tell you this much, though: if I’m going down, I’m not going down easy. In a fluid motion I’ve practiced many times, I reach behind me, pull the .38 from the holster, and fire. You want a piece of me? Come get some.
I back away, holding the .38 waist-high, waiting for whatever comes next. I collide with the trunk of a fir tree and move around it, hoping to put something solid between me and the man with the hammer.
There’s a sound to my left like a dried twig snapping, and I instinctively turn my head towards the noise. The spotlight comes on again, the beam hitting my face with the force of a slap. I snap off a shot towards where I think he’s standing, and the light goes out.
Blinded a second time, I start moving again, my left hand shielding my face from tree branches, my right hand sheltering the .38 against my leg, pushing through undergrowth and tree branches as I go deeper into the thick undergrowth of the trees in search of a place to hide.
My foot catches on one of the thick tree roots that crisscross the forest floor, and I fall face-first into the carpet of pine needles and twigs. As I’m steeling myself to get back up, the white flash arcs overhead but keeps moving. I hold still, grateful for the black clothing I’m wearing. The light flashes above me a second time, then goes out.
“I’ve got your girl!” I hear him yell, and I recognize Brett’s voice with certainty. “Come out, or I’ll kill her. You know that I will.”
I do a push-up against the pine needles and then I stand, starting to circle to my right, hoping to work my way back towards where I’d seen Tara’s backpack, praying that he hasn’t taken her far from there.
“Come out now!” he screams. “If you aren’t here in one minute, I’m using the hammer on her.” The cone of white light scorches through the tree branches behind me, lighting up my peripheral vision. I press myself against a tree trunk and wait for the spotlight to move on.
My eyesight is starting to come back, and the large red spot in the center of my vision has faded to a shrinking orange disk. If I look out of the corner of my eye, I can see Brett about fifty feet away. He’s shining the light back and forth through the trees, and unless I’m mistaken, there’s something at his feet: Tara. I keep moving to my right.
“You’ve got thirty seconds!” Brett yells.
I slide my free hand inside my coat, unzipping the pocket and pulling out my digital voice recorder. I turn the volume up as high as it will go, hit the rewind button a half-dozen times, and press the play button. Then I lay the recorder on the ground and start moving again.
The digital recorder replays Brett’s question at the start of the conversation I had with him in his basement: Who the fuck are you? 
I’m shocked by how loud the speaker on the digital recorder is. Brett’s voice is as clear in the forest as it was in his basement.
I keep moving to the right, holding the .38 in one hand and shielding my face with the other. I can’t afford to be blinded again. Not now.
The digital recorder replays my answer: As far as you’re concerned, I’m the grim reaper. Is that Leon in the tub?
Yeah. It’s Leon. Do I know you?
Is he dead?
I think so.
The spotlight comes on again, painting the place I’d left only moments ago in white-hot light.
I’m still circling at right angles to him, and in my peripheral vision I see his outline, one hand holding the spotlight, the other holding a carpenter’s hammer. He’s moving towards the sound of the digital voice recorder, and he’s only about thirty feet away.
You gonna cut him up with that machete before you use the quicklime on him?
Yeah.
Wouldn’t it have been easier to cut him up before you put him in the tub?
I didn’t think about that.
Planning is important, Brett, I whisper at the same time the digital recorder speaks my words.
I’ve stopped moving, and in my peripheral vision I see him turn his head in my direction. I lift the pistol to shoulder height, aiming as well as I can out of the corner of my eye. He raises the hammer over his head like an axe and runs at me. I can’t expect to be accurate with my gun when I’m shooting blind, so I wait until he’s almost on top of me before I fire one-two-three, fast as I can pull the trigger.
I thought the .38 would stop him, but I must have missed with every shot because his body slams into mine with the force of a runaway train. We roll in a tangled ball of arms and legs, coming to a stop with him on top, and if I’m honest about it I’m panicked because the gun didn’t seem to make much difference. I smell the mace Tara sprayed on him and I feel him trying to push me away with his free hand. I can tell that he wants to pin me to the ground and get space between us so he can swing his hammer. I’m not wasting any time, though. I’ve got my legs locked around his waist and my left arm hooked around his back, keeping his chest pressed tightly against mine and the top of his head just below my chin.
I smash him in the ear and the side of the face with the gun barrel, just a couple of short blows to put some fear into him, and then I lift the .38 to arm’s length and bring the gun butt down on the top of his head like a pile driver.
His body jerks, he screams, and he drops the hammer, pushing off frantically against my chest in an attempt to make me let go. I’m astonished that even after I emptied my .38 at him, he’s still making my life difficult, but I’ll manage. I pound the butt of my pistol into the crown of his head like I’m driving a railroad spike with a sledgehammer, the impact sounding like a baseball bat slamming into a hollow log. Each time the gun butt comes down, he screams in eardrum-shattering pain. On the fourth and fifth strikes I feel his skull cave in under the blows.
Brett’s body spasms and then collapses against me.
I shove him off of me, dizzy with exertion and slick with his blood. There’s enough light from Brett’s dropped spotlight that I can see the stain and bullet hole on the back of his jeans jacket. I’d hit him with the .38 at least once, but he’d kept coming anyway. Good thing I hadn’t dropped the gun when he ran me over. He probably would have killed me with the hammer before he died of blood loss.
I’m still breathing hard as I get to my feet. I steady myself against a nearby tree, holster my gun, and then walk back and pick up my digital recorder. It’s still playing my voice, this time talking about my plans to leave Oceanside and not come back. At the moment, that sounds like a very good idea. I shut off the recorder, pull off my balaclava, and move past the white-hot beam of light coming from Brett’s dropped spotlight. Tara’s eyes are open and her body shudders as if she’s having a seizure. Both of her arms are extended over her head; I assume she was dragged here from the trail by Brett.
There’s a stun gun with a twig jammed into the trigger guard, the wires running from the gun across her legs and through the fabric of her blouse near the belt line. I pull the stick from the trigger to disable the gun, and then wipe my bloody hands on my jeans. I brace my palm against her hip and pull the two probes from her skin, tearing her shirt as the probes come free.
She grits her teeth and groans in pain, covering the spot with her hands where the probes had torn the shirt.
“That hurt!” Tara shouts. “Son of a bitch!”
“I’m sorry about that,” I say. “Really sorry.”
She groans as if she had a burst appendix, low and guttural, just trying to release the pain.
“I had trouble finding parking,” I say. “You should have waited for me. I would have been there in a few seconds.”
She lets out a long breath through clenched teeth, and then glares at me. “You told me not to look over my shoulder. I thought you were right behind me.”
I don’t have an answer for that. I thought I could manage the risk to Tara by staying close and being prepared, but I’d been kidding myself. Nobody can control all the variables. In the end, my not being able to do something as simple as finding a parking place had almost gotten her killed.
I sit down beside her and take her hand, and neither of us says anything for a while.
A gentle rain begins to fall, light but steady, the kind that can go on for hours, days, or weeks in the Pacific Northwest in the fall. Drops of rain hit the lens of the spotlight and sizzle on the hot glass.
“He used that light on me,” she says. “I couldn’t see.”
“You kept your wits about you, and you maced him, though.”
“No, I didn’t. I panicked. I reached into my purse and the first thing I grabbed was the mace. I wish it had been the gun. When I sprayed him, I missed because I couldn’t see. I made him mad, though, so he electrocuted me.”
“I wish I could turn back the clock and do it over again,” I say. “Do you want to go to the hospital?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Okay.”
Tara goes quiet again, letting go of my hand and wrapping both arms across her midriff, hugging herself. She rocks back and forth like a child consoling itself.
“When I was on the ground,” she says, “and he was shocking me with that thing, he asked if I remembered spraying him with pepper spray and kicking him in the balls. Then he told me that it was his turn now, and he was going to beat me with the hammer until nobody would even be able to recognize me. And I started crying.”
I don’t say anything.
“And then I heard you calling my name, and he said he was going to kill whoever had come looking for me.”
“He didn’t, though. I’m right here.”
“I’ve never been that scared before,” Tara says.
“I’m not going to lie,” I say. “I was worried, too. He blinded me with the spotlight and came after me with the hammer.”
“I heard a gun. Did you shoot him?”
“Yes. He kept coming anyway.”
“Where is he?”
I tip my head back and to the right. She looks past my shoulder towards Brett’s body, which lays in a fetal position at the edge of the white ellipse of light that the spotlight paints on the forest floor.
“Is he dead?”
I nod.
“Good.”
I don’t say anything.
“What now?” she says.
I think about it. “That’s up to you. We can call the police and tell them how this played out, and I think eventually we’ll be in the clear. You will, anyway. Or I can make him disappear and we can go back to living our lives as we did before.”
She’s quiet for a while before she says, “This will ruin me in the school system if people find out about it. Even though I didn’t do anything wrong, it would taint me.”
“It wouldn’t do me much good, either.” I imagine the response that Detective Bard would have to the news that I’d shot Brett to death, even if I made the claim that it was in self-defense. Bard would say I’d coerced Brett to testify against Andrew Tiner, and then I’d killed Brett to cover my tracks.
“Suppose we wanted to make him disappear,” she says. “What do we have to do?”
“You don’t have to do anything. I’ll take you home and you can shower and change clothes. I’ll drop you off at school, and then I’ll come back here and make him go away.”
“You sure you can do that?”
“I’m sure.”
“I’m freaking out right now,” Tara says. “I can’t believe how cool you are about this.”
“I’m just trying to think clearly. What good does it do to bring the authorities down on our heads and ask them to approve of what happened here? He was going to murder us with a hammer. I’m not sorry I killed him. I’d do it again if I had to.”
She looks down, nods to herself, and then looks back at me. “I need to find my backpack and purse,” she says.
“I think we can do that,” I say. “That spotlight has about a million candlepower.”
The rain is falling heavier now, hitting the trees and the ground hard enough that the forest makes a sound like static on a radio. We’re going to be soaked to the skin by the time we find Tara’s belongings and get back to the van.
“Okay,” she says. “Okay.”
Delorean
I don’t hear anything from Tara for a week after the incident in the forest. Then she calls one night while I’m starting to prepare dinner in my kitchen.
“Hi,” Tara says. “It’s me.”
“Hi, yourself,” I say.
“I got your package today. You found my driver’s license.”
“I did. I thought you’d like to have it back.”
For a fraction of a second I think about telling her that I found her driver’s license on Brett’s kitchen table alongside a collection of creative drawings Brett had made of different ways to end her life. There was a cheap digital camera on Brett’s kitchen table, too, and it had pictures of the exterior of Tara’s apartment on it, and of her car, and of her jogging in her neighborhood, and of her entering the Hampton High School administration building. The pictures looked like they were taken through a dirty windshield, as if he’d parked his truck and waited for her. The timestamps on the digital images indicated he’d been watching her on and off for nearly a month, waiting for the perfect time when she’d be vulnerable and alone. I’d never even seen him when I followed Tara around, and I’d grossly underestimated how clever and patient and deadly he was. After I’d pocketed Tara’s driver’s license and the drawings and the digital camera, I checked the basement and found that Brett had completely cleaned it out. No machete. No bags of lye. No spooky-looking packages. Even the concrete tub he’d built was clean. Guess he’d decided to get rid of Leon and the packages in some other way.
“I’m sorry I haven’t called,” she says. “I’ve been … processing.”
“Me, too,” I say. “Are you doing okay?”
“I’m not sure. I think it’s going to take a while.”
“I’ve missed our talks,” I say.
She’s quiet and then says, “I’ve missed them, too.”
When I’d dropped her off at school the morning of the incident in the forest, she’d told me that she didn’t think she ever wanted to speak to me again. She said that the way I deal with violence scares the shit out of her.
“I just wanted to give you some space,” I say.
“I’m sorry for what I said.”
“It’s perfectly understandable,” I say.
“I don’t feel that way about you. I was just upset. I really thought I was going to die, and I took it out on you.”
“You acted the way you felt. That’s what people are supposed to do.”
“Are you sure you’ve never seen a counselor?” she says. “You talk like one sometimes.” She laughs, and I realize how much I’ve missed her laugh.
“No. No, I haven’t. Probably wouldn’t hurt, though.”
“Can I come see you?”
My heart skips a beat. “Absolutely.”
Delorean
Michael and I are both at the top of tall ladders working on my rental house. It’s an unseasonably warm and dry day for late November in Oceanside, and I’d invited Michael to come over from Hampton to help me replace some of the siding on my house. He’d left his leather pants and Hello Kitty tee shirt and round sunglasses behind, and he was wearing Levis, a black sweatshirt, and Converse high-top basketball shoes. I wondered if he was getting used to being rich and famous and didn’t feel like he needed to try so hard to be cool. He told me that he didn’t want me to call him ‘Blade’ any more, which I took as a good sign.
He didn’t seem to mind doing a little manual labor, and I appreciated that, too. I’d decided to replace the exterior of my home with new cedar, and Michael and I were just finishing off the last of the planks on the side that faces the beach. Once I finish the other three sides of the house, I think I’ll install new windows, and possibly put in a bigger deck, too.
I’ve taken a new interest in being a property owner since Andrew was killed in prison by an inmate who loved Angie’s video. Apparently, the inmate was enraged that Andrew had snuffed out Angie’s spirit, and he came after Andrew with a toothbrush handle he’d sharpened on rough concrete into a shiv. I can’t say I blame him. I guess there’s no reason for me to bankrupt Andrew’s business now that he’s completely out of the picture, though. I might as well see what I can make of it.
I hear the sound of tires crunching on gravel at the front of the house, and I look down as Tara’s Camry parks alongside my old Mustang and Michael’s new Challenger. I watch her get out of her car and wave. Michael and I wave back.
I hear Michael say quietly, “So … you’re dating her now?”
“I think that I am,” I say.
“You’re a lucky man,” he says.
“Don’t I know it.”
She’s got her hands on her hips, big sunglasses on, hair pulled back with a band, and she’s dressed for a run on Oceanside Beach. She looks up at the two of us and says she picked up sandwiches on the way over. She asks if we’d like to take a break for lunch and maybe join her for a run on the beach.
I tell her we’d love to.
While we’re eating lunch at the picnic table on the deck, Michael talks about how he’ll be leaving to join the Rabid Poontang tour in a few days. He says he already has enough credits to graduate from high school, and asks if I can take care of his Dodge Challenger while he’s in Europe shooting concert footage. I tell him I’ll take good care of his car.
“It’s a car that’s meant to be driven,” he says. “Don’t baby it.”
“I’ll try not to,” I say. Out of the corner of my eye I catch Tara giving me a small smile.
“I mean, it’s got massive power so you’ll have to be careful, too.”
“Okay. I think I can do that.”
“I’ll leave the keys with Amy,” he says. “You can pick it up at her house.”
“Check.”
“This is my shot at the big time,” Michael says. “If my concert movie is good enough, they plan to release it in theaters.”
“That’s really something,” I say. “I’ll look forward to watching it.”
Then the three of us are quiet for a while, just enjoying the view and the lunch and each other’s company.
“You’re not going to try to talk me out of quitting school?” Michael says.
“You’re a grown man, Michael,” I tell him. “You can make your own decisions.”
“What do you think?” Michael asks Tara.
“I think you’re a very talented person who’s been given a rare opportunity,” she says. “See what you can make of it. You’ve already got your high school diploma covered, and college will always be there when you’re ready.”
Michael’s quiet again.
“Have you met the guys in the band?” I ask him.
“Just a couple times. We had video chats that went okay. They seem pretty chill. They’re stoked about my visionary film skills.”
I nod.
“The thing is,” Michael says, “it was Angie’s idea about the fence, not mine, but everybody seems to think I’m a visionary because I filmed it.”
“But you did film it and edit it, and you also wrote and performed the soundtrack,” I say.
“Yeah, I know. And that counts for something. But what’s going to happen if I can’t think of ways to match that with the concert movie? People will know I’m a fake.”
“What’s going to happen if you do match it?” I say. “Maybe you’ll blow people’s minds with something else that’s new and amazing. Give yourself the chance to succeed.”
“Spoken like a high school guidance counselor,” Tara says. She nudges me with her elbow and smiles again.
“Not at all,” I say. “I’m just a proud friend.”
Michael looks down for a while, then back up, then bumps my fist with his. I can see that his eyes are tearing up.
“Okay,” he says. “Well, I better be going. I’m leaving for L.A. in a couple days. Gotta get home and get organized.”
The three of us stand, and Michael hugs me, and then he hugs Tara before going up the steps onto the parking area. I listen to the sound of his footsteps on the gravel, then the engine of the Challenger starting up. He does a U-turn to point the car downhill, then stops to roll down his window and wave goodbye. We wave back, and he pulls away. This time it’s my eyes that are tearing up.
Tara asks me if I’m ready for a run on the beach.
“Always,” I say, and I go inside and put on my running gear. Then I come back outside and she gives me a smile, and she slips her arm through mine and I feel the warmth of her against me as the two of us make our way onto Maxwell Mountain Drive, and down the hill with the view of Three Arch Rocks and across the busy Oceanside Beach parking lot and across the smooth black stones onto the cream-colored sand with small strands of kelp and emptied-out crab shells and children playing and beachcombers looking for treasures and people flying kites in the breeze and waves slapping against the sand with a cadence like a heartbeat.
She tips her head against my shoulder and puts her arm around my waist.
“Maybe we could just walk instead of running this time,” she says. “This feels nice.”
I stop and turn her towards me and she looks up into my eyes and I wrap my arms around her and I feel her press herself against me. There’s a fluttering sensation in my chest, as if my soul were coming to life and dying at the same time.
“Or maybe we could go back to your place,” she whispers.

###

Discover other titles by David Kearns
All The Way Down
All The Way Under
All The Way Back
Pretenders
