APPEAR

Lucus Anthony Ren

Copyright © 2018, Lucus Anthony Ren
Self-publishing

ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher. Limit of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranty: The author / publisher has used its best efforts in preparing this book, and the information provided herein is provided "as is," and makes no representation or warranties with respect to the accuracy or completeness of the contents of this book and specifically disclaims any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose and shall in no event be liable for any loss of profit or any other commercial damage, including but not limited to special, incidental, consequential, or other damages.

License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends.
This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes,
provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

PREFACE

The 1950’s being a turbulent time in not only North America but the world due to various factors none of which more prominent than that of the Cold War and Civil Rights, capitalizing both as they singled out then, where we are today.

With ‘Appear’ I asked myself questions along the writing as to what in all of this, has really changed since then; what was bad and good, and what extent they actually were in the context of evil and angel; and time, being so critical how would it change in our world if it itself, was altered, and how?

The idea of ‘markers’ are from an earlier short story of the same title I wrote expanding somewhat of that, just as ‘between’ has from Mr E written last year wanting to link both with ‘Appear’ directly, being open yet following certain paths my sanity wandered those late nights and mornings using their quietness. 

I enjoyed Charlie’s character most. He was simple, but with a good heart, had seen more than enough tragedy yet continued with courage though at times faltered, especially with Jane whose simply beauty might have been too much.

Of course, we’re visited by the common antagonist threading through the past couple of stories I’ve written, always in the background, and I loved the nature of Minnesota, the people though my time was short there. The wilderness simply astounding where a person can easily achieve in their souls what they may lack in their hands by simply believing. It’s what I did while on long walks and often revisit in my thoughts while roaming the woods here with my German Shepard.

The desert, of course, would be the main character here. It was in my life growing up there and in the cold of the North now, I enjoy recalling moments otherwise forgotten when I write about its features and the small community of people trying their best.

This is a straightforward story with only a couple of characters, about elements questioned here, and how though we face great challenges in each of our lives that may seem impossible to overcome, could just as well appear another way. 

PROLOGUE

Noise. Relentless. Harmful. Unwilling.

As in so many nearing a ritual beyond even death, Jane sat at her once enchanting outlet to the world where reality and not, mixed to a point, no telling the two apart being possible for that was the idea often told herself more feeling now than watching that array of boxes their soft glowing light now invisible to her only deciphered through touch, smell, their particular humming, and of course the occasional squawking and static from airwaves depositing signals into her lap as she waited for just the right sequence, that one she’d heard only twice, but distinct above all others for in her mind wasn’t from ‘here’, in the seven to fifteen-hundred-mile radius her receiver could pick-up, nor was it anything she knew to be from even further out from California, but there was that odd chance it being foreign. Another country. Eastern maybe.

It wasn’t anything out of the ordinary Jane recalled the simply garble where varying the frequency and squelch dials establish a stronger gain signal to no avail, drew her chair closer to the Gonset listening intently ‘feeling’ more than knowing something deeper lay within that atmospheric static, and having spent hours with the shortwave knew the static heard that early morning was something different, different in the way its softer-than-normal pitch along with what could only be explained as a single trumpet note played, for static often carried a ‘ssshing’ sound without much tonal variance, Jane faintly distinguished several voices heard along different frequencies, certain they were directions from a strange language spoken, of which she’d not heard before from the Gonset her link in searching that ‘between’ where the man with steel blue colored eyes and the woman with the snake necklace not only held answers in her grandfather’s mystery but also a power beyond governments command though fought for desperately knowing its control crucial.

Somewhere in a 1956 desert community to whoever found those directions, discovered what really lay halfway from here and then. 

For Those Who Don’t Give Up
CHAPTER 1: THE TRANSMISSION 

Jane let herself go with the arriving results of her diagnosed diseases as if the two were twins inasmuch they had the same appetite devouring one another. Her youthful Cherokee appearance faded as with most finding such a life without anchors, on that edge where balance itself really never existed in the first place giving way to the real ‘sight’ that soon took over the original leaving her permanently blind.

The doctors said it's genetic, stemmed from one parent, or both, but in Jane’s case neither unraveled an already strained ten year old searching for independent nature within a small mountain town, admitting she’d been adopted left an inevitable option that would later prove the only element able to sustain her mind from insanity the night twelve years later in 1956 when others contacted her.   

As in so many nearing a ritual beyond even death, Jane sat at her once enchanting outlet to the world where reality and not, mixed to a point, no telling the two apart being possible for that was the idea often told herself more feeling now than watching that array of boxes their soft glowing light now invisible to her only deciphered through touch, smell, their particular humming, and of course the occasional squawking and static from airwaves depositing signals into her lap as she waited for just the right sequence, that one she’d heard only twice, but distinct above all others for in her mind wasn’t from ‘here’, in the seven to fifteen-hundred-mile radius her receiver could pick-up, nor was it anything she knew to be from even further out from California, but there was that odd chance it being foreign. Another country. Eastern maybe.

The cold nights in her small one-room wooden shack, only the huge half German Shepard half whatever for here anything was possible which indeed proved its point the animal simply showing up on the porch one morning in the then already blistering heat for summers ranging well over the one-hundred and twenty degrees mark with relative ease before noon hit its highest, fur matted with burs and thin as a skeleton, Jane reckoned the poor animal home she befriended calling ‘Waya’ the Cherokee for wolf must have traveled far, was near dead landing early before the sun broke soon melting anything left outside that morning, that ‘particular’ morning in fact where just two nights before she’d heard the first transmission come over her shortwave radio, twisted and hissing some chained wild creature which of course wasn’t from these parts, when indeed she recalled later having heard ‘something’ on the porch that early morning but didn’t bother seeing her interests laid directly in front gargling consonants and vowels. 

‘Russian…,’ Jane said aloud as terminals hummed then suddenly spitting some language out from its speaker she’d not heard before her face any more than a foot from, eyes closed concentrating while fingers gently slide across the slightly raised Gonset Communicator ii-B six-meter transceiver logo used a year since moving to Mesquite Springs in the high desert of California from Big Valley northern Minnesota where since she could remember was home till the assured dispute appeared between the stepfather about whom she should and should not date being the case she wasn’t full Native American Jane felt neither interested what the color of the suiters skin was as long as he was both somewhat educated, polite and at least sober most of the time but in these parts that's a tall order. Jane’s father announced take what you can get, and get she did right out of the house along with earnings from odd jobs sine her fourteenth birthday until entering college where obtaining her teaching degree became exhausted from the insanities of higher education with constant partying in her dormitory to the senseless conversations with inept individuals where she marveled at how they survived this long without having been killed or killed themselves, headed southwest hoping to find warmer climate both in the weather and disposition, the two sorely lacked from any stand point in Big Valley, and hadn’t looked back since although she often wrote her stepmother keeping the woman abreast of comings and goings in her life being few and far between as most abused a half-blind half-Indian or simply paid no notice of, either case those first months were the hardest till settling on the outskirts of a small community in the Mojave desert where excepted at half the salary as part-time English teacher in the local high school, promptly allowed her passing the Technicians licensing examination and subsequent purchase of the Gonset with external amplifier and antenna all nicely connected one or the other to the electrical power grid of Mesquite Springs or car battery instantly developed a strong fascination in the far reaches that later would destroy half the community.

Then the transmission arrived.

It wasn’t anything out of the ordinary Jane recalled thinking at first simply garbled static where she varied the frequency and squelch dials trying to establish a stronger gain signal to no avail, drew her chair closer to the Gonset listening intently ‘feeling’ more than knowing something deeper lay within that white noise apart from having equal intensity at different frequencies, that in the mathematical sequencing resides its signal source, but where exactly seeing the white noise frequency created consisted of literally over twenty-thousand tones because the sound of white noise heard and the brain perceives is the sound of all frequencies between twenty and twenty-thousand hertz.

At first, it was difficult to comprehend in science class her freshman year but the teacher Mr. Lindgroe explained it in a way she understood, ‘Imagine sitting in a quiet restaurant where you’re able to picket the different conversations. Now, see yourself in a crowded football game with thousands of others all yelling and talking at the same time. It all sounds like a blurred noise. Also in nature such as wind and rain, the ocean, and waterfalls all producing this ‘white noise’.

This caused Jane to wonder even at that time in her freshman year hearing just the one raindrop is enough, a return with only one sound, what happens when increased just one megahertz, or one million hertz? Now in her small wooden desert shack, she worked with fifty megahertz. Fifty million tones! 

Fortunately, the brain hasn’t the ability understanding such complex signals. Perhaps through evolution, Jane thought there grew a self-protection element within ourselves allowing only what we could endure. Even then, some elements faltered resulting in insanity and suicides. At least these were her opinions concerning why a person becomes mentally unstable and why we murder ourselves such in a way becoming almost common without much if any questions as to the reason and at the very least, prevention.

Static became typical caused by nighttime interference, receiver overloads, even weak signals brought about through trees, tall buildings, hills, mountains, atmospheric, and malfunctioning antennas. All taken into account when listening to the first transmission, yet none were the cause Jane experienced at three-fifteen AM that early morning.

Having spent hours with the shortwave both talking but more listening to others for that was the real reason of interest in the first place, able to participate without inhibition Jane knew directly the static heard that early morning was something different, different in the way firstly she’d never heard it’s softer-than-normal pitch along with what could only be explained a single trumpet note being played, for static often carried a ‘Sssh’ sound without much tonal variance, and secondly several voices were heard along different frequencies all sounding the same insofar Jane was certain Russian spoken and all female or children but none masculine.

 Aware also her receiver sensitivity is usually specified at a level of the signal which particularly needed in producing a certain level of audio output, Jane adjusted controls within the amplifier compensating the effect with its only soft bizarre expression yet tranquil as if someone whispered using only ’S’ and ‘H’ consonants.

Perhaps it was that causing Jane’s reaction not unsettled as she’d imagined most might deal with hearing something of this nature, but in her eyes though poor as they were and soon practically useless for the degeneration of the illness only heightened her interest in nearly everything since complaining brought her to the doctor where ‘retinitis pigmentosa’ diagnosed as having no cure and total failure in sight within the next ten to twelve years only further illustrated an overwhelming importance no matter size nor significance; everything had its purpose.

Naturally none at the school where she taught afternoons to the freshman class and Friday mornings to the seniors were aware of this condition, her sight still good except the peripheral vision now nearly gone, from where the year before at the same time she was a solid fifty percent, left her feeling at times how quickly elements around a person can change, and even with productive thinking had a tendency to pull, the weight at times much to bare. Should she be tested Jane would be surprised to find her sight not as she’d believed, but rather poor losing more of the visual field, developed a further pronounced tunnel vision as photoreceptors, namely rods and cones continued to die.

Even with the brightest of lights Jane was careful and moved slow taking her time so as not to trip for as the peripheral decreasing meant the entire vision field looked nothing more than gazing down an empty tube no wider than three inches with everything around that tube having the color of a blackness beyond what most thought being black, which caused Jane to smile thinking she had her very own ‘Black Holes’ where no light escaped, for all that never spoke of only to her parents for if she had the school would dismiss her and most likely the state lock her away thinking her eyes in such an ‘unhealthy’ manner claimed she was mad, until the transmission happened.

CHAPTER 2: THE TOPEKA CROWN

It wasn’t difficult understanding, most simply unable from laziness and bad genes reading anything longer than one sentence and stood as a wonder any became teachers at all. But here they were. All twenty-seven. 

Only a few at Mesquite Springs high school paid Jane a good day greeting should they pass her in the hall,  most looking the other way, some however gazed directly at her moreover still wouldn’t give the time of day noticing the markings of high cheekbones and stronger nose features that somehow softened through mixed blood, but none interested enough wanted in knowing anything further. And of the teachers, they were somewhat polite just enough so as not to call attention to themselves for fear of losing face, always distant meaning they could only be trusted as far as throwing one of Jane’s grandfather’s expressions her stepmother recounted, locating him just before he died slipped a small note reading ‘Degotoga’ and 'Grave Creek Okie' into the woman's hand stating proudly, 'For Jane' then walked away 

At first, it made little sense but as Jane stood staring at the note the stepmother presented before leaving now waiting for her bus out of Big Valley this slowly came clear ‘Okie’ being slang for Oklahoma, Grave Creek probably a town in the state, but for Degotoga she had no idea. Big Valley had no decent library of which anything could be referenced from, she’d have to wait till reaching Kansas the destination of the ticket purchased seeing it was the center state geographically and seemed sensible to start in the middle working your way out. As long as it wasn’t north.

Getting off the bus with her one small backpack in Topeka Jane headed straight for the city library which from her college days learned swiftly locating reference material. Within fifteen minutes of entering the building, she established indeed there was small town Hitchita in the state of Oklahoma, which Grave Creek was near just north of Lake Eufaula. Drawing a rough map  shown from the book she returned to the bus station and bought a one-way ticket to Oklahoma City from there the ticket office said it would be best waiting for a local bus as here at the Topeka station had sketchy details for the trip onward toward Hitchita which might, or might not be true seeing her complexion cast her as Mexican yet speaking perfect English without the slightest trace of accent something of a little ‘difference’ in Kansas causing the rise from several eyebrows, would arrive in the capital at two in the morning.

Having slept little on the first leg of her trip from Minnesota Jane knew she had to stay awake not wanting to fall asleep and miss her bus, decided to wait outside in the near-freezing temperatures but for her having been raised in climate where folks from this area shuddered thinking of, for most springs in Big Valley were near these very same conditions, and winter well below this mark freezing exposed flesh in little time, Jane whiled away the four hours simply standing with her back against the main bus station wall eyes trying to rest themselves looking no more then a few feet from her own at no particular thing except the cracks in the sidewalk wondering if she’d meet someone from her actual family would they want to or even remember, for if it was indeed her blood-related grandfather was he from her mother or father’s, and did it really matter she thought of it in such a way.

Sometimes people spat at her sticking to her clothes, sometimes the sidewalk in front of her those cold hours waiting, was it really that different looking back while waiting for the local bus in Mesquite Springs taking her to work where she knew four other teachers also waiting for the bus, yet never spoke even though they were ‘colleagues’ especially one who herself taught English to the junior class Jane thought recalling that moment. Was it? As far as she knew very little progressed and probably wouldn’t show significance for years, wouldn’t because of fear primarily of losing their positions and fear through stubbornness both very dangerous and when mixed extremely flammable. She knew her position where she alone had to clean the floors of the class before classes while other teachers never picked up so much as a broom let alone mop and bucket. She also knew she had to keep the fires in the class burning as when the students’ arrived at least the night’s chill would have been removed, and in doing so meant sometimes arriving before even the principle. It also meant some of the teachers weren’t even certified even though Jane had four years and college degree she was still treated with cold shoulders from staff either due to jealousy, hatred, or fear. Probably all and what could Jane do while teachers presented with their lifelong licenses for teaching mumbling low in corners watching her pass; would they have started a fire to warm the school rooms and clean the schoolhouse regularly? 

Wandering over those first weeks of her new job at Mesquite Springs as the bus for work neared, brought her back watching the ‘Topeka Crown’ itself roll-up to the sidewalk no more than twenty feet from where she’d stood four hours invisible as possible, when its doors hissed open followed with a steady stream of passengers let off then finally the driver being last who quickly closed the door behind him, stopped bent with a grunt as he was a big man around the middle locking the bright red and silver bus doors Jane wanted to enter escaping from the relentless cold biting any exposed feet, arms, legs practical every place chill could enter a person's clothes from lack of movement for she was certain had she the bus might have passed without her knowledge and the next not till another sixteen hours, called out to the driver now straightened walking away, when the bus to Topeka left, for which the man replied one hour without turning as he slowly moved through the glass doors and into the warmth of the bus station.    

With that Jane moved where she stood directly in front of the bus doors blocking it deliberately so as the driver would have to push her out of the way in order to unlock, that being the intention though bundled up in her jacket she was sure once he looked at her his demeanor would change wondering either he had a Mexican to deal with or something just little different, in either case, would produce the usual response of having been looked right through, as if not there at all which was fine for it’s the ‘land she felt most comfortable’ that faithful expression often told to herself in such situations; invisibility. 

Perhaps it was an hour for it didn’t matter when the drive finally returned to find a figure wrapped in a thick coat standing in front of his door, blocking as it were, because in his eyes this action immediately delivered up authority for he was king of his ‘Topeka Crown’ bus and marched authoritatively to this fool ready to deliver upon her his wrath for he actually hated the run to Oklahoma City meaning his return to an overweight wife whom he married while still drunk the night before with an even more so worthless son fallen into the same crack as his mother the two parked in front of nothing but a table full of food 'The King' laboriously providing for, and he sure as hell wasn’t going by any means to allow some little shit in his eyes stand in the way of the entrance into his goddamn kingdom, with no more then ten inches between himself and the small figure he thought either a child or some half-wit woman for he saw them 'all' in that particular light good for only a couple of reasons either cooking, cleaning or flat on the back providing service in any account, but god forbid should it be male warranting a completely different response of picking the person by the front of their coat up and heaving them off out of the way for he had tight schedule to keep and no son-of-a-bitch was going to keep him from keeping his time though the fact being he was already fifty minutes late came to no reason on his part seeing he wanted his hot meal and three bourbons before hitting the road, when the small figure turned the instant before the driver was about to yell directly into the face delivering always the greatest pleasure seeing he was such a large bastard of a man himself for the shear shock then terror shown on past delinquents standing just as this person, blood drained instantly from their ferret face forever gave the power over all in his domain, producing clearly upon the chest a badge of the Topeka City police nicely polished, shining brightly against the near black thick winter coat.

The driver with his mouth open ready to scream at the highest capabilities, froze when his beady, deep-set blue eyes caught the glistening badge then abruptly straightened himself to his full height which undoubtedly wanted in keeping as much distance from the officer as possible seeing no more then one minute before downed his  bourbon with a gulp,  reluctantly donned his jacket knowing he’d have to get a move on back to 'My Crown’ he lovely proclaimed parading the right as if he were indeed from royalty.  

Those that followed the driver knowing he was about to leave and not wanting to stand outside any longer than required too froze for they knew he’d been drinking and seeing the policeman standing directly before them all felt as the driver with their intestine shrinking, their bowls tightening, as the police slowly looked at the drivers eyes seeing their noticeable bloodshot appearance resembling that from some roadmap of another country, then down to the man’s mouth, then further down to the man’s hands which were still tightly clasp, still filled with that ‘happy angriness’ for which they would soon explode throwing the trespassing person, or that was the intention, when the officer spoke, ‘You’re supposed to leave an hour ago. Parked here illegally because you were supposed to leave an hour ago. And you’ve been drinking when you should have left an hour ago.’

The right’s and the wrong’s were not at play here. There was yet something deeper. And those having followed the drive ready, those passing-by having stopped wondering what the commission was, felt it. There was not the usual tension when one caught by the law hasn’t a way out, only this was something entirely different, only somehow different in the way if asked a moment after the driver was arrested when quite suddenly two other officers appeared taking him away in handcuffs, only somehow different in the way suddenly another driver one with a polite and considerate attraction appeared assuming command of the ‘Crown’, only somehow different none paid notice to the small woman in a dark coat the very last in line of passengers with a small backpack who just about to board spoke to the driver in what sounded like Russian, only none would be able later to recall.  

CHAPTER 3: THE DOOR STAYED OPEN

Retinitis pigmentosa an inherited eye disease affecting light-sensitive part of the retina that layer which at the back of the eyeball contains cells receptive to light triggering nerve impulses that pass by way of the optic nerve to the brain, where visual images are formed, when at the age of nine Jane diagnosed having, produced not only a devastating shock for all especially Jane seeing neither parent suffered from the disease. That being the case doctors shyly looked the other direction not want having to deal with family trauma especially one of such nature with facts disclosed concerning Jane’s maternal parents shortly following the medical report.

‘Why keep it a mystery any longer?’ Jane’s stepfather proclaimed standing in front of the two specialists at the St. Paul Hospital looking at his wife whose tears welling in already dark-ringed swollen eyes from lack of sleep and stress waiting for the diagnosis. He’d had enough and being the simple man he was, knew in his own way this day would come and found in it a great relief for he was a poor liar and the weight of the whole affair of adoption bent him into a hunched-over posture resembling that of someone in their seventies or older when for a man of just thirty-six, he did indeed look the part twice his age.

From the corner of his eye, he saw Jane, who sometimes never moved for what he’d say ‘hours’ to his wife wondering if there was something wrong with the child, of which the woman replied ‘leave her be, it’s just her way’ could not have been closer to the truth. Jane found solace simply being still. Never taught, nor heard, or read, this ‘stillness' was a thing slowly evolving, consciously aware in the nature of the girl herself as if a separate being now just encountered for the first, found a unity searched since the very start of time itself, was in that great travel having collected insurmountable knowledge, bestow upon the child, should it only learn to listen for that was the greatest loss with all its counterparts and their voyages once finding their own unity, most simply didn’t understand for they hadn't learned how to listen because ‘to best listen, you best be still’. Those words arrived in some distant dream may a thousand years before one night in Jane’s sleep waking her when just four years of age, provoking her out of bed, walked to the window holding herself still looked out at the night sky with stars to the horizon, and felt there was something more than just these stars, even though the ‘night vision’ a characteristic of retinitis pigmentosa was even then pronounced already blackening half her field of sight, Jane felt watching the stars eventually they would all go away leaving only the blackness, which didn’t frighten her instead increased an urge pressing her to ‘listen’ in the world around her. 

And here just now in a dream she heard perfectly again those very words, as if calling to her watching the stars now winter seemed ever brighter as ‘to best listen, you best be still’ uttered through down to her toes in their stockings tingling, a tickle that brought about a smile of which never left, traveled inward and though she always viewed her world since with wonder-like fascination now watched new frontiers pass before the window of the ‘Topeka Crown’ thinking how nothing in consideration of that night, gazing outward into the great depth of those countless stars, little changed insofar her ability quieting herself to the point of almost not being. Just as her stepfather stated Jane felt at ease when in her ‘moment’ while nothing really happened, nothing really mattered.

It came in her youth she recalled at the same time considering who lived in all those houses and what they must be thinking and doing as 'The Crown’ sped toward Oklahoma City, crept in like a thief but instead of stealing something left that very important message of best to listen, best be quiet. 

And it grew as with anything given what it needs, will become, and so with her ‘moment’ providing a ground where anything planted took root, then cultivated wasn’t difficult. In the least for Jane it became simply a matter of not closing off the world around her in order entering or creating this ‘area’ this ‘moment’ rather the opposite of allowing in, passing through as if she herself stood in a stream of water and life floated along which she  simply picked what she needed or of interest. It was a mutual connection of sorts for what Jane sought and chose, was also determined of her. 

In time she wondered had others these same ‘moments’ imagining at first they must otherwise live such empty, boring lives. She talked with her stepmother for she hadn’t been diagnosed yet, about this stream passing by asking if she too chose what she wanted or did it all happen another way thinking grownups must be very advanced perceiving they continued using this for such a long time, they probably lived with the stream all the while, but when her stepmother looked at her as if she was talking another language, which of course sounded as such for the woman was of simple nature with the chores of working a small farm and all God only gave out so much intelligence, least that’s what her husband said to her often enough, Jane realized there was little point questioning further and wasn’t until Jane herself was in her last year of high school when things started to change, when she knew she was very different from the rest of her class. 

And the striking thing; how easy this all was.

As simple as drawing breath or blinking eyes, being still attracted that fundamental element in all people Jane later understood though few realized, otherwise there would exist situations, situations she found developing into madness for many in their endless interrogation of life and it’s meaning they’d forgotten what the ‘one’ question really was and how something so simple grew malignantly vicious out from their own willingness of control.

That moment in her life where the simple question, that 'one' question she learned to concentrate on bringing her ‘stillness’, that point of focus where simply all fell away leaving what after living reveals; an endless time without yet with, for it was what a person brought afterward; what lived through life, on such a journey allowed them tools to harvest the next. Watching so many seemingly wander though apparently blissful states of their own choosing, Jane’s feelings toward them encroached neither upon remorse nor gratitude in her abilities, rather further distanced herself from them as if one would change clothing outgrown, not that she was arrogant, but always in a manner simply laying aside what was used thankfully, and exchanging a newer style.

‘Wasn’t that just about as easy as you could?’ she often thought. Animals lose hair gained for winter during the warmer months, shed skin outgrown, plants with their leaves, so too then must people, yet wasn’t a new revelation in her eyes because it had been there all along, so the searching, endless questions weren't of any matter for Jane since they simply didn’t exist. Free of this, the ‘stillness’ developed its own thoughts and ideas. Hopes, desires became real. Fear and hatred diminished to the point Jane managed its energy which for many simply consumed, yet into something different she applied, something more productive than simply the negativity which so easily endeavors, learned to place action at its focal point whenever apprehension and loathsome feelings and thoughts, formed or witnessed, reared its presence while all along the door stayed open. 

Only a few scattering of lights seen along the road to Oklahoma City once Topeka left behind with its cold streets and probably now hung-over bus driver who being interviewed through not exactly the usual police for there weren’t any of such employed by the city carrying their references, and possessing particularly unique skills, by its very nature, sought by a selected few, felt as others under the circumstances once applied, they’d wished never having been born.

The far-off lights signifying for the most farms Jane knew for the land between two cities carried an enormous weight having produce both employment and product for a growing nation who just ten years before having fought simultaneous wars in Europe and the Pacific, now raced against another malevolent force in it’s thinking that of Communism which all knew being housed with the greatest fear in Easter Europe predominately Russia, which Jane was certain heard hunched over her shortwave eight months from now. In fact, had she actually kept a better mental dairy would have noted the instance hearing those strange voices through hissing and cracks of static, was actually the same instance of the bus driver’s interview in Topeka. 

But not exactly an interview. It’s what Jane wanted but wasn’t. An interview is more in line with calm, rational questioning perhaps of a company when one seeks employment, or a reporter desiring answers concerning news. But this wasn’t anything like that. It only resembled in the nature of asking questions, as if a gate had been left opened and something came through. Something unnatural of course for why would witnesses observing the driver questioned then escorted away, couldn’t remember the actual event ever having taken place should they themselves be asked a moment later, that and of course the driver never being seen again added more to what really happening here, as only those carrying out the interview and a girl on the ‘Topeka Crown’ could answer, and she at the time knew this bus, wasn’t moving fast enough. 

CHAPTER 4: TELL ME YOU SAW THEM TOO

What was college for Jane with secretly failing vision seeing life sometimes as a large pool jumped into moreover either swam to the other end or drowned as first told to her from the mother who now step-mother, still she loved none the less, whose lasting image as her step-daughters bus pulled out for St Paul where she’d only return four years later by choice, seeing there really wasn’t reason of, for the small farm, her only known life, soon overtaken by something more pronounced leaving only skeletons of a place and time no longer connected closed upon her with dust rolling over the tired woman standing watching a lifeline severed, wasn’t something that would haunt Jane, rather elude her in grasping the complexity of why she’d been adopted in the first place by such people as these two?

Not the fact of adoption admittedly somewhat rare in cases as hers and the more she saw of the world more the scarcity became pronounced for the sheer reason she never met anyone having anything as near as she proved the point; obscurity was a gem. At least in her view. 

Either the reason she made no effort being social, that in spite of those drawn to her, boys wanted dates, girls desired to know, teachers saw an opportunity ‘reaching’ those of mixed race and in Minnesota there were plenty, or the fact she was for the most an attractive young girl having waist length rich black hair sometimes loosened from the two-braided ponytails usually kept tied at their ends with different brightly colored ribbons of the most unusual colors you couldn’t possibly purchase in any store being hand-dyed she herself managed using the most insignificant materials yet produced startling effects or felt drawn toward something they couldn’t explain.

She was in a manner plain, though of average height and build nothing extraordinary from both hips and bust alerted one's eyes toward the girl's anatomy, yet caught a persons attention with the carriage of her movements stemming both from grace and confidence her steps noticed from a distance seemingly never touching the ground. And it was only when one approached did then notice she, in fact, made contact with the earth but only the slightest, not quick-stepping as if the ground itself pushing away ‘from’ her.  

Not the slightest of trickery at hand. No shimmering in the sense of mirage formed under foot-falls nor in her immediate path anything pronounced other than the very slightest viewed did a person feel the tingling sensation at the depths of their stomachs, a pulling as it were yet when later asked, which only they did unto themselves staring at ceilings in near pitch darkness wondering of course but not in question amongst one another, only in comment thinking it a clear sign of affection, or for some a primal feeling of lust for both sexes found Jane appealing to the point she had equal attention.

She was simple, in a crowd would go unnoticed so, till movement played its hand but not too openly for it was that want, that desire which sprang upon all those whose gaze fell upon her passage, in their unconscious willingness to be part of something they’d known all their lives but couldn’t recall clearly, or perhaps in some extent, of which lay hidden by God knows what though not of disguise, but their own undoing of ill-gotten gains of shallow paths lay cluttered with.
 
Still many never observed this. Nor felt the twinge brought about for most Jane was one of the many uncountable, passed with the slightest of ease, even hair tied or loosened caused little or even no appeal, yet eyes she caught themselves adrift, cast longings far and wide hoping the net produced rewards. Just as her 'own' never fully discovered, never complete always a 'newness' either approached Jane or, merely around the corner induced her hunger to raise, elevate for knowledge learned both of mind through everyday occurrences, and body through parties where drink and drugs allowed their impact felt more of in a laboratory environment regardless hundreds of years in medicinal and spiritual evolution for which her stepfather shared weekends liberally though she wasn’t allowed nor felt inclined inducing into her already hyper-state.

It seemed a trigger the first alcohol taken at parties, alighting her mind too far grew weary and cautions of this inebriant readily available opening pathways Jane herself had yet explored despite the fact welcomed washing through releasing anchored weight, embedded deep rusting, pitted having taken countless sweeping blows, and yet the drink relieved her of the burden her heart expressed ably now to be lifted freely apart from its simple home.

But it was a lie. A chemical no different from tobacco or marijuana took wore itself off in a short time leaving that want of freedom. Sex was little different, her first, a fellow student in her biology class, afterward not only wanting more from something she’d no idea of leaving her agitated yet profoundly interested in what she sought for her stepmother never ventured introducing Jane to lovemaking, realizing simply was none between the two, that both her stepparents in fact despised one another the reason no children of their own existed.

Yet laying in bed afterward desiring more, the man seemed spent in a heap of exhaustion as if having swum a great distance could only think what actually was the point in all this, true there was the pleasure, sometimes extreme but this too left sprinting for the nearest exit a moment after the act as if unable itself to remain leaving Jane with the single thought; was anything sustainable?

Thinking perhaps sex differed she sought out relationships with woman, where naturally so at first ‘very’ diverse too remained only an illusion in the end.

It was clear after such experiences, the only true place, being those ‘still’ moments where dealing with your own abilities those inhibitions and strengths felt more natural, where not present, produced more discomforting ideology rooted among the fallen where once stood unprecedented, unassailable now loomed over Jane providing only false security and lost sense of not just values, but the world in its entirety fading in that last golden sunset.

It was ground she never aspired treading again, certain in no way would the pit of depression, self-pity nor false reconciliation ever again open it’s yawning gap of which countless loathsome expeditions ventured in grand hopes returning never so much as a whisper, gave fruit for thought in her outpouring basket, for sometimes indeed, silence is of gold and the best part listening to the pleasant hum of vibrations as life passed through you.  

Though experimentation was enjoyable Jane understood their meanings and quickly moved on toward that final day of higher education whose aim itself produced a more professional systematic way to organize and maintain records of teachers resigned Jane to wonder is this really the occupation she sought and were teachers actually treated in an informed manner creating that professional environment, that all educators held accountable for their teaching and other duties related or not to academics as schools making significant policy adjustments due to segregation as parents' and students’ alike held for and against the end of which teachers held classrooms literally together, yet in all this questioned where were the guidance counselors, attendance officers, or even the school nurses all of which she’d seen none, though the school principle stated he’d been sufficiently trained for most medical emergencies, but wasn’t really concerned with such seeing there hadn’t been such a case in over twelve years requiring attention, yet when pressing a fellow teacher Jane enquired about ‘life skill’ classes only the blank return with a simple shrug of the shoulders accompanied by the drowning voice of an obvious teacher who cared very little if any stating, ‘What’s so difficult understanding the working knowledge of pots and pans?’ turning abruptly neglecting Jane in the hallway leaving her to ponder if taking care of husband and child were all that matters for most in this dried-up and near dead community she’d just inherited, or was there another reason ‘the great era of expansion in educational’ as so deemed by the government, hadn’t taken off but fortunately curved her sense of frustration from this dire work in a new found hobby since arriving; shortwave radio.

Either chance or destiny didn’t attribute to any reflection Jane put into the situation of her immediate interest eagerly listening to far off conversations from as she called it, ‘The Ball’ for its computations in frequency achieving the correct signal on Earth as it spins one-thousand and forty-seven miles per hour which nothing is felt of, for the reason the speed is constant and would only be felt should that alter, still frequencies maintained their fields of which fascinated her, remembering at first how was this possible the planet traveling half a mile a second could radio signals not fly off as a child did should the spin on the play yard merry-go-round become too fast from centrifugal forces at work. That and the fact listening to all walks of people from different regions and countries was simply too irresistible.  

Learning as much as she could Jane joined clubs while at college both on and off campus thrilled in finding others with the same passion as herself where members though small in numbers, talked endlessly about technology of the shortwave and how it would change everything, how now the world had just shrunk where a person able in Vancouver, Canada easily talk with another in Sydney, Australia, and what with the space race, how long distance radio communications role would play in that extremely important competition of the first man to leave the planet and which country they represented held many enthusiasts in their tightly bound community, and it was here that early morning while listening the different conversation of those very people she’d studied with just a year before discussing thoughts and ideas did Jane hear something very peculiar, strange enough for instinct to take hold in raising her hand switching on the recorder all of which not recall having done for her intent concentration was upon the strange voices coming through static, strange in the sense it wasn’t anything heard before except that one time in Topeka which sent an immediate chill down her back remembering how the driver disappeared and how afterwards it was difficult remembering what happened as one minute Jane stood in line waiting to board, the next leaning against the wall of the bus station, then sitting on the bus half way to Oklahoma City all of which she remembered with dream-like qualities. But not of fantasy dreams where things are soft and sweet, more of a nightmare where things crawled, scrapping their long razor sharp claws of which they impatiently would ‘tap tap tap’ while waiting for their prey to pass.

It was all that she could do but keep from standing up in the bus screaming, ‘Tell me you saw them TOO?!!!’  It was all she could do keeping her eyes down when the bus arrived in Oklahoma City and passengers disembarked, keep from looking at them for she knew some of them weren’t the same having boarded in Kanas. 

CHAPTER 5: MR. STATEN

‘Russian I’m sure of it. Christ, how many times do I have to tell you? I know what I heard damn it!’

The voice of Paul Gentsen was firm still those knowing him best detected the slight panic undertone he covered with an authoritative statement, or so they would say later, when in fact they too felt that very same fear, but not from the Russians. It was what Paul told them just before. Just before his mind started cracking open and all the little demons came out free of their golden cage for Paul’s mind was indeed extremely valuable seen as one of the States top mathematicians highly sought after by universities for Paul was only a sophomore, but more importantly, by the big companies such as General Electric and Standard Oil. Yet one especially showed interest in Paul’s skills; Bell Labs.

It was a sunny afternoon when Paul’s math professor introduced him to Mr. John Staten while making his way back to the library of which their intersection occurred directly in front of.

‘Paul,’ the professor spoke as they stopped him placing his hand on Paul’s elbow gently though as he never knew Professor Soenstien coming in such close proximity with students’ let alone touching, startled Paul produced a thin shutter pass through him wondering did the professor feel this, and was it visible for the strange man standing alongside who showed no sign whosoever of anything out of the ordinary with such a greeting, but something told Paul this wasn’t a thing out of the ordinary, at the very least the man with the professor carrying his sunshine demeanor spooked Paul raising hairs across the back of his neck.

‘I’d like you to meet Mr. John Staten. Give us a minute I know you’re busy but Mr. Staten asked specially to meet with you and has come along way,’ the professor spoke more with a friendly attitude which Paul never heard since they only discuss math which always took place in the classroom never outside that environment such as now.

Immediately upon the professor's last syllable, Mr. Staten reached out his large hand while removing his hat holding the brightest of smiles further unnerving Paul noting such existed unnaturally, with a controlled but forceful politeness calmly stated, ‘Mr. Gentsen. It’s a pleasure to meet with you. Might we have a moment of your time?’

This wasn’t a question Paul directly realized taking the man’s soft thin skinned hand feeling the bones below yet held strength from both muscles and charisma implied a summons, and could only think of the off-hand question allowing his brain the opportunity of time to think of what exactly all this signified, ‘Inside, or out gentleman?’ returning the smile to Staten as if he’d conducted such meeting a hundred times a day.

‘Why not outside,’ Staten replied adding, ‘Such a nice day. We can walk and talk,’ smiling all the while instantly alerting Paul who took a moment glancing at his professor who also carried the near same expression as Staten.

‘Yes. By all means,’ Paul replied then suddenly felt the professors hand which momentarily forgotten tighten into a grip not firm in nature yet persuasive leading the student away from the libraries busy entrance of students’ seeing mid-term exam approached, toward the large mathematics faculty building adjacent.

‘Paul I’ll be direct as I know you have a busy schedule and all,’ Staten started. ‘I’m from Bell Labs and we’d like you to come work for us,’ at which point Paul’s stepped stiffened missing its stride from surprise but more importantly, something which felt like a burning thin needle slide into the back of his brain whose sole purpose was that of the impending blast of fire, a warning, he was about to receive a split second afterward that never failed as Paul’s ‘other’ sense took over alerting him of danger. 

Staten feeling the misstep laughed lightly, ‘Never to worry son it won’t be full-time of course only when we’d like your opinion on matters. Won't in the least interfere with your studies,’ Staten now placing his hand on Paul’s back just between his shoulders. Again the charisma felt, Paul’s mind flashed thinking how Staten must be with woman, when Staten added ‘I can assure you,’ not as an after-thought, but more of a confirmation to any questions Paul might throw in his direction, meaning, this was the end of the conversation, if there even was one Paul considered.

And in a moment Staten’s hand slide up to Paul’s shoulder holding it there pressing the fingers at the same time slowing his own stride holding Paul back, reining him as one would a horse, and spoke more direct than before with less jocularity, ‘We have a great many connections son, plus you’ll be helping your country as we have many contracts with the government.’

The three stopped. Paul turned to Staten, ‘The government?’ he asked calmly.

‘Listen Paul. You come highly recommend. By teachers, friends, family. Even fellow students. You have skills we’re looking for,’ Staten replied.

‘You’ve talked with my family?’ Paul’s voice raised with both surprise and agitation.

‘I’ve spoken with your father briefly prior to approaching you. Yes.’

‘My father?’ Now just agitation produced itself.

‘Yes, Paul. Your father. It’s standard procedure for candidates of your age.’

‘My age? How many are there of ‘me’?

Staten paused, smiled that sunshine. ‘Paul I’ll be happy to answer all your questions but first I need either a yes or a no, for the simple reason of security of which I’m sure you understand.’ 

Paul looked at Staten then turned his attention to the professor who stood showing not the slightest of emotion which he quickly discovered was typical of the man, yet Paul wanting to read any signs he could from the man failed for Stanten was a perfect specimen of those you weren't supposed or want to know much of anything.

‘I just have one question which I’m sure you understand me asking before I can possibly give any reply and that is what is it you want me to do exactly?’

Staten never wavered, never hesitated with his actions nor reply which came direct. ‘To listen Paul. We want you only to listen that’s all.’

‘Listen…to what?’

‘All right Paul,’ Staten’s smile slackened only slightly, passing a moment before replying, ‘Broadcasts. Radio to be more precise. We want you to listen and tell us what you think.’

‘Radio?’ Paul questioned. ‘You want me to listen to radio broadcasts from where,' pausing slightly then added, 'the moon?' laughing to help relieve the tense moment mostly from what he was feeling, also give him more time to think, and gauging Staten’s reaction.

‘Ah, clever Paul,’ Staten’s smile returning in full, ‘They said you were and with a wit. We like that. So what do you say? Are you interested?’

With all the happenings in just a short walk, what could he do? The pain from the needle in his brain flared. He was tired and still had several papers to complete before going back to his dormitory and collapse. He was hungry for having skipped lunch, had sexual thoughts toward a fellow student he’d just seen in class he must have missed for it was as if he saw her only now for the first time but this being mid-term questioned whether he was going insane not unlike many other students around this time of year with mounting pressure and all from upcoming exams. ‘Yes. I’m interested. Do my part for the country. Count me in.’ And it was right at that moment Paul wondered if they too could smell the stench of scorching flesh as the needle flamed burning its hole deeper into his brain.

CHAPTER 6: BROKEN PORCH

‘Grave Creek,’ Jane thought to herself the local bus having just left from the one room closed bus station leaving her alone resembling something as old and dilapidated as she’d ever seen with peeled paint on exterior walls having lost its color completely, the wooded doorframe full of dry rot along with half the small building almost ready to collapse Jane considered and probably would with a half decent breeze or slight rainfall, fell to whatever foundation existed put down certainly a thousand years before.

The dust hadn’t settled from the busses when Jane crossing the graveled street barely wide enough for two cars passing at the same time, stopped, then turned to look at the map she’d drawn slowing getting her bearings next started walking in a south-westerly direction and would continue on three miles till reaching a small group of ramshackle houses similar to the bus station but more so in need of demolition for they too held no hope of any sort of restoration, certain feeling such should she approach the vibration of her footfalls would commence just the very thing.

From the time she started her walk Jane met not a soul, other than occasional bird calls nothing seemed to live though the place was full with lush tree growth notable from the creek itself, still no human nor sign one existed except when reaching the shacks, in fact through her walk thoughts came to her, this is what must have been a hundred years before, untouched. Quite. That stillness she longed for all her life lay before, a remarkable geographical blanket different from anything known before even Minnesota with its remoteness couldn’t compare with this.

Not as if Jane stood in the middle of isolation so often the case growing up for if you simply walked two hundred feet in any direction from her step-parents farm, ‘that’ would qualify as remote. Instead, Jane was after all less than thirty miles from the state capital yet only the occasional bird sounded and nothing more even the graveled dirt road sounding muffled under her steps.

Whatever was here she thought left not even a trace of echo. Looking at the old cabins she felt nothing in common though secretly hoped since her stepmother handing the paper wordless remembered how the woman looked when doing so just as these huts, that somewhere in all this the grandfather would be waiting.

‘Was I myself from here?’ Jane spoke aloud adding, ‘What was the connection?’

Suddenly there was a difference. It happens more so now since graduating from high school, sensing something which a moment before either was there than not or was about to happen which already had. It wasn’t fearful, with curiosity eventually illuminating ‘what’ exactly happened, as in the realness of the world around her Jane didn’t see the unknown as horror. Didn’t see the bogieman. There were far greater elements at work besides something so lightheartedly referred to, laughing to herself when those around spoke of such terrors in their lives. Then the laughing stopped as Jane realized what their phobias meant. And it made perfect sense in all their nightmares, why they had them in the first place because they were in their own unknown. 

That last year of school as a senior Jane’s grades weren’t exceptional but did provide her with possibilities of the state financial assistance programs for college, and while waiting to speak with representatives from St Paul University in the hallway standing next to their office door as she was next in line, a movement caught her eye which must have been huge for her sight was decreasing by the month. But it wasn’t huge. Two other students besides Jane waited behind her simply making conversation looking down the same hallway as Jane when Jane saw the large shape pass before her causing her head to rise quickly from her usual focusing at a specific spot ten feet in front of her, as it was all she could, waiting for the world to pass within her field of vision.

‘Just a black flash,’ Jane thought. ‘Light flickering off the tiled floor. Someone passing before the door outside casting a shadow. But Jane and the others were the only ones in the hallway.

‘Well, I can’t wait to get away from here. It’s going to be so exciting,’ said the first student.

‘Yea, on our own. Finally,’ added the second.

‘And the boys. I hear they’re so much. Not these apes from her pawing at you the way they do,’ the first.

‘So right! I almost died when I got home last night and saw big fat smudges from Danny’s hands all over the front of me. If my parents were to see…’ but it was too bad they didn’t see what Jane saw, maybe it would’ve changed their career opportunities because this time the shadow loomed up from where she stood directly before her almost blacking out Jane’s entire view leaving only the chattering girls behind as a remembrance they were still in this world, at least in the hallway and hadn’t drifted off somewhere you never come back from. 

Never come back...what a thought, but it raced through her mind the moment watching, as she followed now motionless no more than the ten or so feet, almost the same place she was starting before...before the shadow came… before it struck. 

This wasn’t some demon conjured through imagination from dreaming horror, the two both she and the shadow in some bizarre stalemate neither moving, Jane felt was rather a ‘twin’ of sorts. Feeling no fear nor anything from the shape for there was nothing in the shadow, no form of energy only emptiness, nor malevolence whatsoever. It was instead Jane felt a sense of ‘waiting’ with the bulk motionless but for what she’d no idea. Wondering was the purpose here to communicate or simply wait, yet if that be the case, Jane thought she’d have a very long time on her hands doing so.

‘Hello,’ Jane mouthing the words whispered quietly knowing the girls behind her wouldn’t hear but still not wanting to take the chance, holding her notebooks in front covering herself as she did often while thinking, an instinctual act knowing should she ‘doze off’ the books would shield her. She'd be ridiculed should others hear laughing at her, how could school books protect you and from what was so bad in this world they might add. But Jane knew it wasn't from this world she needed protection from.

In fact, it was a game Jane played for the most part with herself as she watched how students carried theirs and why? What means forced them subconsciously to handle their learning material in such a manner either carried in front, or in one hand at their sides, or in a pack on their back? For most, she believed, seemed apparent, as a division, a natural partition as it were. Yet always a few who seemed unable deciding their own mind constantly fumbling books and papers. In all it was a simple study in human nature Jane enjoyed conducting. So she told herself. Still, it kept the madness at bay. Had students' known the books they carried had words attracting certain things, things not from here, inviting them not as a bee to the flower, nothing so routine. So tame. This was something having a much greater hunger.

That was the first time seeing the shadow. Now, certain the darkness persisted nearby perhaps behind her on this unused road knew there must have a reason being here, if not only for herself this road existed as a means of transportation, ‘So are you still a guardian?’ Jane asked not entirely to herself adding, ‘Do you have a message?’ 

As in high school that first moment in the hallway came a message for Jane while voices from the girls behind faded replaced with a growing silence which Jane felt the shadow consumed, that sound and perhaps light for with her eyesight limited, near blind in her own darkened world shrinking by the day, the shadow could have very well have taken light, drawing upon perhaps as a form of energy for later at college when trouble appeared or was about to, this as if a suggestion, also appeared. Guiding. Not in the sense of a voice talking, speaking rather a ‘feeling’ one receives, one of which they should act upon as intuition. Inkling. Instinct. The three ‘I’s’ her stepfather used to say telling Jane, were the most important a person could have. Of course, they all meant the same thing, but Jane never told him knowing it would hurt his feelings, for he was proud able to least giving some small advice to a child not his own, though he cared for, and bound for a higher life than his own.

She felt such circumstances before the shadow appeared, knew well enough to follow her gut feeling and often did, but this was something very different. While in the presence of the shadow she was someone else, though still seeing through her own eyes the mind functioned differently. Her body was not entirely of her own. Able to manage, to command wasn’t an issue for she had full control of her body, but they were heightened, more sensitive, not in the comic book sense, strictly speaking; more aware, a great deal more so than normal.

It was no different searching for a frequency through the static which suddenly in a moment is received clear, loud without any interference. In the shadow’s presence, Jane emerged through into an incredibly clear world where even her diminished vision didn't so profoundly matter for ‘sight’ wasn’t entirely through the eyes.

‘Had the shadow become something more?’ Jane thought a moment, ‘What was more then what I know?' she added speaking aloud standing in the middle of the old gravel road. Waiting. 

But there came no response forcing her to walk further toward the small near-collapsed shacks their broken windows epitomized long-standing either as damaged teeth or eyes, a metaphor in the same as lost souls yet held something more. Here was the transition. A way across.

At that moment Jane turned preparing herself knowing something was there, behind, stalking hovering in a way she’d grown accustomed too as one a lovers face. Although was there really any wanting such as knowledge, moreover not the safest of the two essentially repeated since history ruled; 'what you don't know, can't hurt'? 

'Were you really receiving at all,' she wondered especially during school as far as possible back even before listening to her stepfather mentioning about things far greater than what we knew actually controlled the world. And beyond! All of which she realized from some of her very first steps. Except ‘and beyond’. That was different. 

So she asked. But never received an answer other than shrugged shoulders, or wave of a hand from the withered man. Then the thought sprang into her mind why not yell the words, ‘And beyond!’ feeling certain there’d come a reply from those perhaps behind the old building tending whatever those tend to do living in such for there must be someone living near.

Drawing her breath slowly she felt the shadow was near, certain was responsible for all this ‘testing’. ‘Always the mystery,’ again she uttered aloud. Again without reply. 

Lowering the hood of her coat Jane simply stood thinking perhaps not here, perhaps somewhere else she had to look, growing impatient in the library certain she was correct in the clues her stepmother wrote on the paper…

‘It wasn’t her who wrote them,’ a deep voice slowly spoke from the second shack where Jane turned looking straight, head-on as it were, seeing an old man standing on the broken porch floorboards, next to the broken door of a broken world she was certain having just entered.

CHAPTER 7: RETURN TICKET

Not startled. Questioning. Jane felt the cold breeze of winter soften as she walked toward the old man on the porch wondering why, when again he spoke, as if repeating himself thinking ‘she’ was too bad of hearing, ‘Wasn’t her who wrote them,’ adding moment later, ‘Not saying again for you,’ the man shortly pause then with a nod of his head, ‘Him,’ clearly indication what behind Jane was worth a look especially since a moment before the old man wasn’t there at all.

Slowly Jane turned as she always did slowly for it was easy to miss things mainly if they were small in detail which this must have been for she saw no one, in fact, all there was, was the old bus station she’d been left off. Taking her time she scanned the area knowing there must be something here but after a moment turned back to the old man.

Seeing no reason to speak simply lifted both hands out of the thick coat pocket slightly opening them, palm toward the old man clearly gesturing, ‘What? There’s nothing there,’ which immediately the man fired off, ‘Can see why they left you,’ then turned and walked inside the shack after opening the poorly hung door the slightest amount to enter leaving Jane to wonder was it her real parents the old man referred to, and had she foolishly missed something important when the answer came as the door closed behind old man.

‘Yes. For both.’ A voice carried along the breeze from the right drawing Jane’s attention suddenly witnessing the old man now on another porch of a shack adjacent to the first having just entered. She stood watching the man unaware of the shape behind her growing. Unaware simply because she’d forgotten the shadow can change its shapes, blending perfectly for those unable in seeing it’s ‘true’ shape, those characteristics only with the right eyes can one understand what it is viewing. And the magnitude thereof had to be comprehended otherwise what was the point, which indeed was the element so often the case missed thereby many never witness, or if they did wouldn’t know, therefore often enough passed within a hair of its existence without a thought, which was the case for Jane seeing she was entirely focused on the old man, while not appreciative enough of her surroundings.   

Near taking a step toward the second shack she stopped as her foot almost left the ground, the muscles still tight ready to lift and move her when from further right another voice sounded, clearly, ‘Worth it?’ wherefrom Jane knew would be that of another old man, the third of which Jane knew little point turning to view, would be standing on the porch as the others. 

Then it all turned black. A black she was familiar with but hadn’t seen for some time, for the shadow had passed in front of her as it did, eclipsing total light for a moment then moved on, just as now but this time moved over her for in the moment before the light extinguished, she felt its flow along her shoulders and head as a blanket lifted and she walked under, slowly drifted down and at the same time gently pulled across her body she dreamt so many times as a young child her eyes closed since as far as she could recall, only realizing when older it wasn’t a dream so much as she’d thought, for the shadow had visited her many times, and in recalling so hadn’t brought fear, only wonderment.

Still facing the second old man’s shack Jane regained her stride, walked up to without hesitation stepping onto its broken floorboards immediately clasping the door handle of rusted metal, pulling it open firmly and stepped in letting it close behind without another thought.

Turning her head scanning the single room slowly, Jane quickly noticed a reduced light even with two large windows on the front of the shack their pale blue shredded curtains remained, wouldn’t account the obscure visibility reduced here. Looking upwards Jane noticed half the roof was missing yet there was no debris littering the floor. Trees surrounding the shacks Jane noticed when nearing grew through the roofs gapping hole yet again there were no leaves on its old wooden floor. It was completely empty. With no door nor window on the back wall, Jane thought a moment where the old man had gone, when a voice from the left called out, ‘Sure you want that?’ causing Jane to turn back looking at the three old men all leaning against the wall where just before of course was bare.

They appeared near identical with prominent high cheekbones, tanned skin shown strong against life they had left. Almost indistinguishable except for their varying lengths of grey-white hair Jane hadn’t noticed before. Dressed exactly, one smoking and old wooden pipe its hypnotically twisted smoke trailing upwards had a large ring of silver with a deep blue stone set upon it, another had similar stone set in a neckless which hung on the outside of his worn, but clean pale colored shirt resembling that of the curtains in material and shade, while the third wore a silver braided headband made of leather with several of the blue stones interworked, and all exquisitely handcrafted shone a calming strength filling the room slowly.

The three gazed at Jane nodding their heads with recognition, as one would when meeting an old friend, this, not the least their first greeting knowing there’d come a discussion in a moment had taken place long ago, now resumed as if there wasn’t the slightest lag of time at all between time not ruling, and nothing ever happens. 

‘You,’ one with the headband spoke, ‘are the coyote with a long shadow. Want answers but don’t know the question,’ stopped, Jane about to reply only started again, ‘We watch the road for wanderers. They think their time has come. They think they know many things. But can’t tell how many stars fill the night sky. Can’t remember where they last walked. Can’t remember their own name. The one you want was not like that. So he passed. But now you want him.’

When he stopped the silence seemed natural as a spring rain. That of something which was always there but missed for so long suddenly came awake pressing itself with earnest waves of passion. It made the heart weep and felt to even beat hard and true as it was meant. It was noble of the last kind, never to have meaning other than what it stood for, and Jane knew was in the presence of something she’d only read about though strongly felt, a place of the souls where their tracks may be seen among the smell of sweet flowers, green grass and berry bushes all in abundance laid out along a trail toward the westward sunset where they’d reach the lodge whose air was always light and warm, three old men who could sometimes send messages to the living would greet the souls and discuss their reason of wandering the trail. But then the friends of those would call out telling the soul to return, and whose ever was stronger prevailed.

Jane knew it as the place before you pass from one life to another, or for those believing not, into oblivion where it would wander blindly for eternity. It was where the three deemed it your time, or not to die. And she remembered now having been here before having talked with the three who amongst themselves discussed as to whether she be granted passage. 

‘What do you want from him?’ the old man spoke.
‘To ask a question,’ Jane replied without hesitation for she wasn't surprised nor fearful knowing her surroundings also the three wouldn't tolerate uncertainty on her part in any form. 

A moment passed and Jane waited staring straight at the old man who’d spoken with her for there wasn’t any temptation of doing otherwise, all those were relieved outside upon her entering the old shack which now being the lodge itself existed neither in the world of living or dead, and therefore bound not by the others rules.

‘Ask your question.’

‘You being my grandfather, the faraway voices I hear, are they with you?’

Behind Jane, entered a man in his mid-life through the broken door. Tall with strong facial qualities sharp eyes and bronze colored skin wearing a straw hat having a number of holes in its brim two of which large enough to pass three fingers through walked straight into the center of the room, abruptly turned, looking directly at Jane smiled slightly saying in a slow calm voice, ‘Well that would almost be a trick question, being one reason you were given away. They called you ‘coyote’ or ‘Ote’ seeing how simple they’d become, but between all their misgivings life had thrown at them you were far from that wicked child they cursed so. You were barely born when left, though it’s not our way, it was his from their side who forced the hands to carry you out and far down the road away from us all. Then the storms came and the old ones said you’d left this life and your hatred for us caused the great sand to eat away our crops and animals killing both. Leaving us to die slow. But I knew it wasn’t. You were my daughters. But still part of them.’

‘And the other?’ said Jane.

‘No one else wanted you,’ spoke the man slowly weighing in with every word so as Jane not missing their meaning would in no way remain the same person who a moment before growing in northern Minnesota on a small ranch, that every word forced a wedge deeper further splitting stone having incased a soul from its own birth a thousand lives since.

Then the man walked slipping from the shack through the door without a sound leaving Jane alone within its four walls and broken roof not in the state she entered wondering in the riddles spoken had the man, her grandfather, answered the first question.

Closing her eyes seeking the stillness of sanctuary built where peace ruled and all good things come to light, but now no longer did. This quite place receded into, this place where hiding was the best option for that was her intention, her hidden agenda not entirely wanting solace, but even that was a lie now, for she did want peace but mostly from herself, knowing all that her grandfather spoke was grasped before, simply not willingly excepted, that being the easy part of all her life as it suddenly quivered, rippled along the wall of the small wood shack, was nothing more than deception produced from her mind in order to…

‘STOP!’ Jane yelled taking a slight step back under the weight of all now having contention explaining to her mind once it woke up, as it now came through that peaceful slumber born into and hopefully the light of all the past moments produced would clear the fogging mist for her hiding place no longer there, adding as the meaning of its own existence proved nothing more than dreams falsely laid protecting steps not willing to show her own weakness, her own humanity.

‘So now had the shadow also withdrawn?’ Jane thought opening her eyes scanning the room slowly finding nothing but its emptiness. ‘That’s all there ever was,’ Jane spoke softly, then turned walked from the shack back along the graveled dirt road toward the old bus station where having bought a return ticket would have to wait the twenty hours living a different life without her stillness. At least not the one she’d known before. That was gone replaced by something she hadn’t learned, was there all along, though had a glimmer watching the police in Topeka and what they did to the driver. What no one else saw. Thankfully so, for they’d have certainly gone mad expressing to loved ones, colleagues, friends desperately trying to release themselves the burden of seeing what really happened.

‘Then again maybe they did. Maybe they’d seen it all before and maybe it was,’ Jane herself thinking all this waiting for the bus. ‘That had just now myself seen what they too witnessed. Long ago. And if they did why didn’t their mind scream at them as mine tearing, pulling at its seams, that it wasn’t Russian they spoke to the driver, but something very different. 

CHAPTER 8: WHAT KIND OF SLEEP?

‘But it wasn’t what you thought. Was it?’ the man asked patiently, calmly having done a thousand times before without reservation nor interest in the reply as it wasn’t really the question which mattered of course, rather the response time. 'That' was important. For you could tell a great deal of a person depending on the time it took for them to answer, including body signals played little if any role because humans have grown considerably more adept in their lying skills convincing the body otherwise, which could be attributed to their increased lack of attention to anything longer than a few seconds, where experts would disagree this is simply evolution, the mind moving forward releasing itself from events of little or no consequences, and even those amounting to significant so what?

Significant numbers continue, increasing those already at levels their own discontent mattered little because they simply failed understanding what it was people strived for. And that’s when it slide-over. The entire facet of humanity shined on one side had forgotten the others needed attention until it was too late when even alarms sounding having no effect simply random instruments for the mundane.

‘You were misinformed. Weren’t you?’ Again the man questioned looking idly under his fingernail observing some dirt having somehow accumulated.

‘It was Russian. I’m sure of it,’ the second voice finally replied with slight agitation, then added with a slight increase in that agitation, ‘I’ve heard Russian before. Now I’ve told you everything over the past two hours, now…’

'Yes, you have been very cooperative and we thank you for your assistance but there is still the one question you haven't answered Paul.’

‘What question? What question? I’ve answered them all what are you talking about?’

‘Yes, Paul the question.’

‘I’ve told you everything. Check your notes. There you’ll see I answered all of them,’ the agitation increasing,’ ALL of THEM! um yes, indeed you will.’

‘Yes. You see we did but you didn’t so we are asking you again. Paul.’

‘Nnananow…now I know what I…I said. I think I…I….I need to call…’

‘Yes Paul we’ll get to that call of course, but we want to know first…’

‘I DON’T GODDAMN KNOW, I…I… TTATTTTOLD YYAYAYAYAOOOOUUUUU’

‘Yes that may be but we don't have it here written so you’ll have to…’

‘NANNAAA  NANA you fuckerssss, I’ll KILL every last one of YOOOOYOOUUU...you better let me go or I’ll rain your own fucking blood down. I know you ALL …HAHA you stupid bastard...I’m going fry your eyes out then eat them while skinning you slowly for eternityyyyyyy yyyy eye…Shhhh....Wha...wha...They’re HEEERERRRR!!!’

‘Turn it off. How long was he exposed?’ a tall woman spoke behind an attractive complexion of nature where the use cosmetics couldn’t possibly improve leaning over the reeled tape recorder in front of her on an already cluttered desk of insurmountable papers and books, strange artifacts and various items the two men sitting on the opposite side of had no idea nor wanted to in their origin knowing full well it was already beyond them, and also they felt somewhat squeamish knowing at one point or another it was deceased human remains they were looking at. 

‘According to the meter, three minutes and forty-eight seconds. Once he released the failsafe the connection was broken,’ the larger of the two men stated dabbing his forehead with an already wet and yellow stained handkerchief for indeed the room was rather stifling in the summer heat and all the windows were closed casting sunlight through rays of both cigaret smoke for the resident of chamber smoked profusely, and dust which the later upon entering both men noticed in swirls of miniature tornados drifting high where the heat in the tall room must have been a hundred degrees hotter, or so the larger man imagine seeing his sensitivity to the matter, ‘fortunately, otherwise there would be little remaining.’

‘True to the point. I appreciated their candor, not allot of wasting time with these two,’ the doctor noticed to herself looking over the red horn-rimmed glasses studying them worn partial it being her favorite color and she was practically blind without them, ‘everything being a massive blur as if you drank a bottle of tequila and went dancing, she’d quote to some who either understood the qualities of good drinking especial good tequila which she did having developed its taste and attributes while researching in Mexico her final year of that ‘higher education’ so many sought but understood very little of its true power, or those whom thinking themselves the world of and there were a great many especially on the phycology facility, because of their position or of the majority what hung between their legs, though not to be misunderstood she loved dearly a good session of sex just as those coming to her needed to release their minds so to would she enjoy releasing her passion with a long satisfying act as natural at the seasons. 

‘Gentlemen,’ pausing a moment with deep inhalation on her fourth cigarette since the meeting began, ‘I understand the sensitivity here it is after all not the first time you people tromped around these halls asking questions, so we are all familiar with the nature of these visits. That being said, you’re telling me, is the result of this man listening to a shortwave radio broadcast of the times stated, its place of origin you’re not either willing, or permitted in disclosing and here you are asking based simply because I have assisted you on three other successful encounters in the past with your offices, not you specifically thought I know who sits in your offices, of my professional opinion. Am I correct?’

The two men simply nodded, more sweat rolling now bathroom heat and knowing she knew who their supervisors where hadn’t helped either seeing neither wanted that station in Alaska as promised should they fail returning with conclusive information as to what the hell was going on because even they with all their resources feared the Russians had developed a weapon whereby broadcasted would literally turned those listening into bowl of Jell-O, which for some staff held parties with Jello-O shots as the main event causing huge increase in blackouts seeing everyone metabolism differ with Jello-O consumed often in great bowl fills, retired some guest rather face down in the hosts back yard or near drowned as it were as the department heads thirtieth wedding anniversary celebration where is was estimated two-hundred gallons of apple, lemon-lime, black raspberry, grape, black cherry, mixed fruit, orange-banana, pineapple-grapefruit, strawberry-banana, blackberry, and tropical fruit were consumed, and here Janet Marvis doctor of psychiatry having completed her studies at the University College London six years earlier now educator for the University of Baltimore knew for sure neither of the two gentlemen sitting across her desk possible understood anything remotely close to Jello-O or tequila. 

‘In short, the human brain is composed of billions of neurons, principally one large electrical organ. They emit electricity which allows them to communicate with each other, which can form a pattern referred to as brain waves. It is also true the brain acts as receiver-transmitter similar to a radio and it is here where you believe the broadcast caused a disruption, in effect short-circuiting the brain, perhaps adding propaganda whereby the listener or host could act upon what they heard. Are we on the same page?’ she paused taking a deep puff squinting one eye from the smoke, resting her chin on one elbow.

Both men nodded in silence.

Exhaling the doctor continued, ‘Yes it could, but it would have to be large to generate and broadcast the frequency as well as maintaining it.’

‘How big?’ the sweating man asked.

‘Height is important broadcasting from the antenna if its course is local say within a radius of ten miles, about the size of three maybe four refrigerators placed together,’ Doctor Marvis stated plainly. 

‘Doctor how large would this have to be if it was based in Russia,’ the other man finally spoke his eyes never leaving the doctors since arriving.

‘A three-story building,’ the doctor replied without hesitation tapping the ashes of the end of her cigarette before inhaling again, then added, ‘If you have the technology and I don’t think the Russians have it. They’re more geared for the first man in space, also as you know while I studied in London was asked to review certain files the Russian double-agent Stasik Kabinov brought when he finally defected. From those, there was no indication Russia had the financial means nor technology to produce such broadcasting equipment.’

‘In your opinion what exactly happened to the host listener?’ the man continued.

‘Christ his brain was fried, what do you think. I heard and don’t have to see what’s left of him to know he won't be returning to society any time at all, but what’s more interesting is ‘who are they’ he referred to?’ 

She quickly moved on not surprising the doctor thought but tried anyway her question bouncing off a wall both men showing no sign they were going to comment, ‘It would help if I heard the original broadcast.’

Again silence.

‘Well that’s it then I’ve got a class to teach so if you’ll excuse me…’

The sweating man raised his hand as if signaling her to stop, reached for the reel recorder turned the knob, spun the tape forward a few seconds stopping it, looking back at the doctor, his expression having changed to one of interest mixed with fear and something she was surprised seeing, humor, and spoke, ‘This is two weeks ago from station in Alaska one hundred and seventy-three miles from the Russian border. It is highly sensitive.’

Everything was ‘sensitive’ for this bunch. Somewhere government some private companies coming to the university asking one thing or another. There wasn’t a contract between any of them she knew of, though most of their visitations were with the mathematics faculty of which the dean told her only once when she enquired what they wanted, he wasn’t permitted to even admit they ever stepped foot on the campus let along have discussions.

It was spy stuff she knew and always would be, would always be left in the dark, perhaps that being best as her life was good and she wanted it kept that way knowing anything these boys did in their dark little corners was none of her business. But now that would change.

He turned the dial and the tape began with two people talking Russian, though she didn’t know any herself did recognize it of course which continued for about five-seconds then something strange happened. She felt a slight tingling in her left ear which quickly moved deeper inward with intensity the pain began, but that wasn’t the worst part; she was unable to move.

Only her eyes indicated the fear growing both from the pain as it intensified and her lack of mobility. She looked at the two men who both sat motionless watching her. Her eyes moved to the recorder watching the reel turn its hypnotic effects slowly causing her mind to fog over which indicated to her she was about to pass out. Then she heard something very strange. There seemed to be whispers mixed with the Russian conversation as if there were more than just the two talking that somewhere in the background another discussion was taking place immediately drew her attention while still gazing upon the reel’s rotation.

Trying to focus pushing her own mind to stay alert as long as possible seemed to increase the pain, but also volume bringing the whispers into the forefront where she could hear more clearly and was amazed to find she’d never heard anything of this nature before having its soft guttural vocabulary filled with various tonal clicks. 

She tried putting an image to the vocabulary heard wondering their appearance all the while feeling what she listened wasn’t Russian. Not from North or South America, nor Middle Eastern, Europe or Asia. 

The pain intensified her eyes flashed moving about like hot marbles, the Russian almost indistinguishable as the whispering crisper now felt as if it were in her own brain closer allowing her to detect syllables then words. Sentences she could understand what they were saying, but the pain was unbearable flowing tears raced on both cheeks wanting to distance themselves from the pressure building within the eyeball itself she was certain would pop. 

‘Please GOD…STOP…STTTTOOOP!!!’ she screamed but there came no sound only the two men watching. Waiting. Insanity. This is insanity and now she knew what others had felt all those she treated, listen to. Experimented upon. SWEET MOTHER!! This is their world she butchered in the name of science cutting parts of their brain away, drilling into sticking wires sending electricity deep within their own mind. 

Her mind collapsing like some maddened animal devouring itself. Then nothing only a high-pitch whining with the last of the whispers fading when the sweating man reached over twisting the dial turning off the recorder.

She could only pant like an animal hot from a long desert walk finding shade to fall upon some cool dust thankful for having that. Blinking her eyes the doctor tried moving her hands and arms only to find them stiff and cramped as an athlete having finished an exhaustive competition. She slowly became aware of two things; one had bit her tongue tasting the blood and lost control of her bladder urinating through her dress feeling the warmth still flowing along her legs, undoubtedly forming pool directly below her.

The second man removed a handkerchief from his coat pocket, handing to her all the while without taking his eyes from hers, finding it difficult for her to manage placed the cloth directly into her now quivering hand making an odd sound as a ring she wore lightly tapped the desk brought about by the shaking.

‘Doctor Marvis can you hear me?’ stated the sweating man calmly. 

She could not yet reply for her mind was still not engaged with her mouth properly and could only grunt while nodding her head more of a reflex aware she could actually raise her head in such a manner, in spite of the fact her gaze never altered from the recorder.

It took a full ten minutes for the doctor to recover enough where she then reiterated her experience all the while the two men sat motionless just as before, telling them of first indeed hearing Russian, then another language beyond came forward through intense pain. Where clarity ensued so too did the pain increase she could toward the end understand words and eventually complete sentences. 

Her muscular contraction was most likely brought about from pain though she wasn’t sure as the mind produces paralysis in certain circumstances, namely preservation, by which saving itself from harm which is often the case when in shock a person might not realize their bodily actions.

This being only a recording the doctor asked how long was it played seeming close to one minute, perhaps two, the second man volunteered it recording was less than twenty-five seconds.

The doctor couldn’t hold her surprise of which she immediately lit another cigarette, her third in a continuous chain since the demonstration concluded during the time openly questioned how any of this was possible, yet all the while wondering how the host could listen nearly four minutes without complete lack of brain function, bringing her back to the wet dress she now had to contend with seemed almost laughable considering the circumstances. Considering the threat.

The doctor stated if Russia had developed such technology, it would change their global standing to the point of pushing the United States and Europe, NATO as a whole over the edge with very little difficulty. They could set up stations anywhere, broadcast from there directing at certain people, buildings, even cities. But what intrigued the doctor most where the background whispers a moment which after the recorder was turned off became only fragments dissolving like sugar in water. What was their role? Where they the destructive force at work? And why can’t she remember what was said?

With that, the second man grasped the strap on the recorder lifting it slightly from the table and turned it around to where in her amazement the doctor could see a separate second recorder whereby reversing a dial the reeled tape started producing the doctor’s twenty-five-second recording.

It can be overwhelming when emotions being what they are, at times extremely powerful, when applied several simultaneously then pushed to the brink of utter collapse the results may surprise even the most experienced whether educator or layman, illustrating how fragile or formidable the entire human spectrum maintains itself, in which Doctor Janet Marvis thought herself very highly of till the recording played.

It wasn’t so much she thought herself above colleagues, though she was, sought after truth, it being her academic field proved, yet all she could think now was where to hide, certain the voice heard on the tap, not hers, despite the obvious was. It sounded like the whispers she’d heard but mutated. There were traces of syllables in her recording just as the original played, the ominous clicks, distorted echoing. The longer she listened to the more sense she gained from it. Just before the end, she heard a voice, whether male or female she could not establish distinctly saying, ‘Whose air was always light and warm,’ where she immediately added in an almost unrecognizable voice of her own, ‘The air is pleasant and still.’ 

The sweating man slowly reached over and turned off the recorder.

‘Do you recall saying what is recorded?’ the second man spoke with a strict monotone well-practiced voice leave out all trace of humanity.

Exhaling the doctor's eyes shifted from the recorder to the second man than to the sweating. ‘No not a word.’

‘What did you mean by, ‘the air is pleasant and still?’ he stated plainly.

‘It’s from an old Indian folklore,’ she coldly said not wanting to give them too much seeing they weren’t very forthcoming with information either, and her head felt heavy as if from a long night of boozing with ‘that fuckin’ Jello-O’ making her lips slightly curve at their ends, unfortunately not a welcomed element with the two men who quickly acted upon it.

‘What’s is humorous?’ the second man said.

Did he just say, ‘what’s is humorous?’ the doctor quickly thought to herself watching the two. ‘What English is that?’ Christ anybody can work for the government…anybody with half a bra…’ 

Suddenly there came a shock of electricity from the floor up through the doctor's legs causing her to stand erect in a bolt. ‘Well I’ve got a class and I’ve peed myself so if you gentlemen would excuse me…’ grounding out her cigaret Janet stepped out from behind her desk, the dress clinging to her thighs of which she found most interesting as the two men only looked at her eyes never bothered dropping them to view a woman’s shape, as it well known Doctor Janet Marvis had a very ‘significant’ figure. ‘And the chilled knife went through her heart, Janet read once in a murder novel when a character understood they were in danger, realizing something was wrong, and here too was rather odd with these two. Profuse sweating. Monotone speech. Constant eye contact with little… no… blinking Janet now instantly remembered the second man never blinked the entire time… ‘Fuck, who are these guy’s,’ raced through her brain with adrenaline she was grateful of now pumping, which she’d need a lot of in order maintaining coherence after this brain session and get the hell out of the room which itself proved a daunting task as they practically blocked her exit whereby she’d have to sidestep quickly around the sweating man this being the shortest and most direct way out, also the second man was very intimidating. 

But they were too quick both stood reaching out to her with open hands, ‘Thank you for your time doctor. It has been most interesting,’ the sweating man spoke his hand catching the doctors right elbow as she moved past, ‘But we haven’t funden yart. Your class can wait please to sit down,’ he motioned with his other hand toward her chair. There it was again, those mispronunciations leading her to believe they were themselves Russian, perhaps East German, but the interesting aspect being this close she clearly witnessed his sweat having a blue ting, which would have brought panic outside a clinical environment but the doctor knew its probable cause stemmed from chromhidrosis, a rare condition of where a person produces perspiration changing from the normal colorless to greens browns even shades of black. 

The sweating mans grip tightened yet his physical restraining wasn’t that so much as while observing his condition she could see past him where his colleague having said little the entire meeting was now talking while still looking at the doctors empty chair, then slowly turned following her where she now stood, as if three or four-seconds delayed, ‘Yes. Doctor. We need more of your attention,’ finishing as his eyes met hers. 

‘Yes. Your attention,’ the other repeated sounding as near exact to the second man which giving the doctor a cold chill brought about the question, ‘Are you, ill doctor, you shack?’ 

‘If you are ill we can take you,’ he quickly added.

‘Yes,’ the colleague replied. ‘We can take care of your requirements. It is easy for us. We have the two strong hand we can help,’ then smiled half grimace half mad of which the doctor had seen a good number of times from those institutionalized, deemed unable to manage among society in a safe and coherent manner. 

She tried pulling away but the grip causing a sharp pain shooting up her arm into the shoulder and neck intensified both fear and adrenaline and in a flash brought the lighter she’d kept in her had to the sweating mans face which he’d continuously blotted with his now soaked handkerchief, struck the flint wheel flashing the orange flame through its chimney immediately lighting the soaked cloth ablaze. 

There were no shrieks as would from a human when their face alight as his, for in a second the flame tore across the right side spreading upward igniting his hair drenched in sweat, abruptly exploded sending chunks of burning hair in all directions some landing on the front of the doctor's blouse. At the same moment of the flame lashing out of the lighter, what now felt as claws digging through her arm brought an image when in Wales the doctor witnessed falconry where the end result was its talons punctured then shredded completely through the rabbit spilling intentions knew her arm would soon face the same, broke free pulling away falling to the left and slightly forward as the right side of both face and neck of the man quickly became engulfed before reaching the hair. Considering, the doctor within that very second or two whereby when the explosion came her falling forward allowed most of the fiery hair to pass over thereby only slightly affected. But the sweaty man's colleague was something else. 

The possibility of tonic or some other substance used on hair for style or even medical might produce such reaction, yet with him slapping wildly at the flames, the stench of burned flesh and hair filling the small room quickly, the second man his smile becoming more unhinged reached into his coat pocket and in an instant the doctor seeing only the flash from a knife thrown, felt the burning not from globs of skin and hair having peppered the office lighting small fires resembling something like stars Janet thought showing now its bizarre darken interior witnessed perhaps a time once when the earth first formed, but of the blade as it sliced along her back causing her to scream with both terror and pain as the case with most being so conditioned from the sight of blood and related trauma, but not doctor Marvis who’d witness far worse scenarios of truly how those with mental dysfunctions can, will, and often do maim themselves and others gouging out chunks of flesh, eyeballs, testicles, self-preformed operations including lobotomy, organ removal as well as cranial damage suffered from hammers, drills, axes, together with throwing themselves in front of trains, cars, and bicycles, anything moving and anything heavy literally is a force they’ll use, yet here the knife finally halted sticking half way up its hilt in the bookcase, particularly the Hemingway novel given as a gift from a patients thinking he himself ‘the old man’ after positioning, shot himself in the face back to the window with the force naturally tumbled out of the thirteenth story where he worked, where the doctor’s cries having come from rage mixed with panic knowing if unable to reach the door, a mere three feet her now out stretching arm instinctually extended the moment after igniting the sweating mans face, her chances of survival wasn’t with the thinking therefore, so with this freedom of not calculating the possibilities, granted her brain extra capacity with those spared neurons remembering the door had to be pulled to open and in knowing this that last split second because of the years witnessing psychiatric wards of the most severest, produced the scream delivering a massive load of adrenaline where the doctor pushed off with her legs hurling herself at the wooden door hoping the collision enough where the impact would crash her through into the hall. In the last moment, the doctor retracted the extended arm sticking the door with her left shoulder where immediately the pain raced upwards into her neck curving around toward the middle of her back where it drove a chilled iron needle twisting itself deep throughout the center of her chest. The impact caused her head to strike the door its whiplash effect sending star burst throughout her vision as the massive framework unyielding casted Marvis into the room where stumbling backwards collided with the sweating man pushed aside by the second man as he made his way toward the doctor reached for her right arm as it grabbed air searching for balance.

The collision caused the doctor decent toward the floor to slow some but only enough softening the impact on its hard oak the slightest as first the hips then upper back, and shoulders ending with a loud crack as the back of her head struck of which blackness rolled over taking Doctor Marvis into a different kind of sleep.

CHAPTER 9: THE SMALL CIRCLE

The crackling of static grew clear. Always this time of year and night there being little interference, transmissions skipped along miles one could listen to languages unaware they ever existed, but the white noise always ruled crawling around inside Jane’s brain causing it to itch in places she couldn’t scratch. And why would she? Years before reasons rose to tell her shortwave lead toward many directions some worthy, others dangerous and terrifying, when the first irritations in her mind brought about by the simplest of actions while watching the night sky, stars blanketed till the horizon sometimes spilling over onto the land, Jane walked about picking up the fallen chances of starlight placing them into the small bag she always carried taking them home placing them about in her room and it was just on one of those nights when after collecting enough so as the bag being full though not the least heavy, noticed something moving thirty yards from where she’d just placed the last star into her bag, catching her attention its movement causing her to stop dead for she’d never encountered anything while collecting stars, yet notion herself to think calm remembering in these parts that could mean animal, and at this hour that meant whatever kind of animal, should be given a wide berth with a great deal of respect. But this wasn’t animal Jane sensed, nor human, but of something else.

She watched the darkness of its bulk move through the trees with ease undisturbed by her own presence or even the newly fallen snow leaving no mark upon it she was sure of though how could she from such a distance and with her vision? It couldn’t be heard either as she watched there came no sound not even the slightest in the chilled night air always permitting carriage whereby distance matters the least especially the brain relying upon input which in itself deduced through an ever-increasing altered state for the most, hypocritical conscious affecting judgment to the point questioning what is real, or not, whatever the answer, changing accordingly to whims of desire heavy with the benefactors nature attached, hadn't heard of any such silly rules.

With this, how is anything trusted?

But as Jane moved so too did the alluring shape in the woods mirroring her own, to the point of returning home she watched the darkest part of the black forest finally disappear deeper into the depths she’d not yet ventured thinking never would for what lay within lay hidden and worse what her stepmother spoke of when asked after returning once with wood collected for the fire needed continually lit warding off the cold even during early winter months, ‘The country of the souls wander underneath us,’ her stepmother said, ‘It is ‘Tamanos Midewiwin’. Strong medicine people, they walk those woods. Stay clear of them,’ finishing abruptly.

While in the library Jane noted the Ojibwa tribe, commonly referred to as Chippewa where indigenous of the area which she'd known, but Midewiwin a traditional healer and spiritual leader captured her attention from the start, not with her stepmother's reference, but from the forest itself. But what Jane thought all along for years in fact since her stepmothers confessions, was not understanding at the time why the look upon the woman faced changed from its usual lack in any sort of descriptive mannerism to that of surprise then relief, and only later in that last year of high school did Jane finally perceive only a healer and leader only approach those who may receive their spiritual knowledge should they not have passed it on when living. Or so the ritual dictates. But Jane perceived different always feeling ‘this’ Midewiwin was still alive and what she witnessed in the woods was the ‘tutelar’, a guardian of the woods in an indistinguishable shape only of a blackness darker then starless nights, perhaps manifested by the Midewiwin and the older she grew more often events observing the dark shadow increased, brought forth the mystery of who was it actually protecting; something from entering, or from leaving the woods? 

What the guardian wanted with her became evident the last time she witnessed the dark shape two days before leaving for the university while collecting firewood, rose adding the last piece onto already arms full, suddenly stopped and looking up saw directly in front of her the dark shape hovering slightly from the ground almost as wide as herself and tall, impossible to see through yet immediately the smell of orange and honey engulfed her to the point of overwhelming, dazzled by fragrance and with that the second after her mind registered those odors her vision failed, the tunnel finally closed.

Holding no qualms against any person believing there is something where there really isn’t, where the mind once again tricked its owner forming that purposeful alliance  through which any form of mindset shattered under its own weight for having simply recognized itself in the mirror, just as Jane herself realized the simple things didn’t ‘click’ as before, that speech became slightly askew, emotions grew detached, hearing voices, dreams of deep water and dark places, all because the mind in feeding that reflected image, bringing her along the orange and honey dried firewood collection trek, where once embarked would not return as believed, in the dark the fragrance swirling, senses stimulated, a soothing woman's voice was heard with clarity, ‘You needn’t worry of tomorrow.’

‘Which tomorrow?’ Jane asked calmly.

‘Of the one you’ve thought most often of,’ the woman’s voice replied.

‘Becoming completely blind,’ Jane stated.

‘And…’

‘The voices,’ Jane remembered.

‘They are now what they seem.’

‘Rarely ever is,’ Jane felt. ‘ How will I know I’m not imagining them?’

‘You can talk with them. If you want.’

‘Will you be there?’

A pause then the women’s voice came as a whisper Jane felt more than anything as it washed over her. ‘Listen. They will tell you.’

Jane thought to herself, ‘Was she who I believed her to be or am I simply talking to myself? Have I imagined it all?'

And the small circle of light at the end of the tunnel appeared in Jane’s life again, however the guardian not. Only the slightest yet quickly fading scent of orange and honey remained. In a moment nothing remained of their encounter. As Jane turned to walk back home ten feet from where she stood a large thick coated dog, a mixture between possibly a German Shepard and something else sat motionless so much so the animal's dark eyes could barely be distinguished. It looked healthy and well taken care of, though Jane had never seen it before. There was no collar around its neck, nor any sign of ownership she could tell. A light covering of snow had fallen over the past hour, but Jane noticed no tracks from the animal who sat watching her. Quickly without warning the dog looked off to Jane’s left then immediately to her right. A slow deep growl came beneath its massive chest. Jane followed first the dogs gaze to her right, but seeing nothing except the open field covered in thick level empty white snow expanding on a good mile, looked back to the dog, which now disappeared leaving no sign the animal had ever been there. Quickly Jane turned to her left back toward the forest where the dog growled almost dropping her load of wood. In turning back she saw now what the dog had seen, or at least wanted her to witness; she too had no tracks.

CHAPTER 10: GRAVE CREEK 

‘Why I’d been adopted,’ Jane thought to herself looking at the old bus station knowing another wouldn’t arrive in Grave Creek for some time, knowing too the answer to the statement more than question before it even had time to fade in her mind, the mind she was sure either had too many demands, or was simply ill.

‘Was that my grandfather,’ wondering further, ‘and the old men, I'd seen them all before. In a dream maybe? A snowy field? What was the point being here looking for something having passed years before…’

Jane walked to the front door of the bus station where an old bench its peeled bone gray paint flacked and curled looking like it was trying to escape as Jane staring at the relic set her bag gently down hearing the paint crack wondering would it topple over collapsing into dust along with this entire world for the station itself seemed delicate to the point not only would it crack open, but suck everything in, draining 'this' reality. ‘Just,’ Jane thought, ‘a dream when first waking from, only to find it slip away leaving fragments and frustration. ’

Those thoughts never far from common, some patchwork woke some area deep in the heart of nearly shredded memories, particularly slow at first recalling when just three, stirred thoughts first arrived one cold early afternoon…

...she was older, watching her much older self listening hunched over a box with dials and gauges all of which she’d not only no idea their functions or usages, but why with such a strange hissing noise coming from the box she remained so intent upon listening, of which seemed impossibly familiar without considering its tranquility apart from that having found what so preciously sought after, yet the fleetingness pulled her stooped figure whose fingers worked settings on those controls conscientiously, wore earphones the other hand touched lightly with great reverence as though communicating with…what sounded like…wailing. 

At first, it resembled the whimpering of a small child, slowly changing to that of cats protecting their territory. Then something else. Beyond everything, very faint, rolling in, then recede as waves upon the shore, voices softly loomed thought the hissing, then vanished, repeating over again.

As if on a busy sidewalk one stood, listening to discussions in passing, so too was this, hearing only words before moving off, while another approach then they too passed, then another, and another. Continuous yet against this background only perceiving words, not conversation. Not even a partial sentence permitted. 

Thinking now Jane believed since that moment most of life was just an acute, mostly blunt, seldom completely formed, abstract puzzle, with pieces mislaid. Your trial and error. That it wasn’t about the journeys you took or what you found at their ends. It wasn’t even that you took them in the first place, nor even there to begin with, but that they were even possible.

Having many thoughts as those since seeing her older self, Jane slowly released her hand from the bag turned to look back at the old set of shacks only to find them gone, replaced with newer slightly larger cabins, one of which a small store with the sign ‘Degotoga’ above the entrance painted in bright red capital letters taking up nearly its entire width of the building from one end to the end. Jane didn’t know which was more shocking the new buildings, or the huge sign which must be visible for miles if there was a straight line-of-sight. Then abruptly from behind, she heard voices through the old bus station's broken windows clear asking if a lost bag had been found. Jane faced a critical junction in either looking to see why the conversation was taking place as moments before the station was completely empty, or stay focused on the sign having captivated her from the start, yet there came an answer without effort when a woman passed through the door where Jane stood, halting just a few feet away, then half turned her head back toward whomever she was talking with before and calmly spoke, ‘You let me know Jeb should you. Ja hear?’ in a tone of more authority then pleasantry, calm though it was. A muffled response drifted outward through the door from an elder man, when suddenly the woman turned and looked directly at Jane through dark brown eyes almost black who herself gazed at the tall woman with strong features of the most beautiful kind, with long braided black hair wearing a beaver skinned hat Jane recognized having seen many where she'd grown up, wearing working pants with holes in the knees and a cotton red and blue faded cotton shirt loose fitting though showing firm muscles and round breast where between rested the most stunning turquoise snake inlaid silver necklace captured Jane's attention a moment after admiring the woman's natural physical attractiveness.

There came in an instant from the woman a quick smile from redden lips of an original kind, Jane thought having seen only in magazines must be of another breed than here when the woman spoke just as quick as her smile startling Jane slightly, but more so as if having read her thoughts, ‘No hon I’m from here. But you look as lost as time spent bad. What you doin’ these parts?’ 

Jane hadn't a thought in her head worth speaking so she didn’t. The woman sensed this following as quick the first time, ‘Like the sign says,’ nodding toward the cabins, then stepped off the old wooden porch walked across the street and disappeared into the dense forest of hanging branches and thick white flowering undergrowth disrupted something for the air immediately filled of a sweet orange scent. 

Lost in wonder Jane moved off the porch toward the area of the woman’s passage through the brush. With the sight impairment her tunnel vision didn’t allow her to see the ‘new’ bus station, would she have displayed any interest, nor for the car whose horn sounded too late its driver hadn’t expected seeing any person certainly at this junction, certainly walking the middle of the road, but as certainly has a ruling hand with events, it is never known just what the sum and substance of balancing contains.

Had Jane waited two-seconds before crossing the street, had she even hesitated two-seconds crossing the street, the outcome would have altered everything her entire life comprised of since that very moment. But Jane crossed the exact moment as the car swerved, crashing into the front wall of a small store with the sign ‘Degotoga’ above the entrance at a speed estimated over fifty miles per hour hurdling it through the back wall down the incline eventually into a tree killing both driver and passenger as the car caught fire almost immediately exploding, including the store owner who was directly in the path of the car pinning him between the vehicle and the back wall whereby nearly decapitated in-two died in less than minute after being pushed through the wall his twisted body though feeling no pain, laid face up with the vision of a large dog standing over him being his last, part Shepard he thought but didn’t know the mixture of the other breed nor had he ever seen the animal before, as he passed away, while the white flowering orange scented brush closed behind Jane.

The police and fire department arrived though there was no fire. The ambulance too thought the three involved were dead. No one witnessed the accident. The bus station attendee was the only other person apart from the three dead, in the entire vicinity and when questioned by the police asking had he seen anything unusual informed he hadn’t in fact, not seen a soul the entire morning, which being strange replied the officers seeing they found a bag on the bench outside the station filled with what appears female clothing. 

The attendee called out in a calm voice it could be seeing there are many vagrants passing through these parts and seeing this here is a bus station probably belonged to one, though upon a thorough inspection of the clothing proved otherwise indicating they originated from Minnesota  seeing the tags in the cloths clearly exhibited brands from certain stores only from that state and seeing Oklahoma had a state law where any public transpiration crossing over their state boundaries the person must indicate on their ticket the state of origin they themselves originate from. The authorities believed this to be of interest seeing the attendee swore he hadn't seen the bag the morning he opened the station, and seeing there wasn’t another soul as the attendee mentioned, it is very probably the bag belonged to someone involved in the accident, which appears from the tire marks on the road of the vehicles swerving and breaking, someone could have stood in the road just as the vehicle passed forcing it to lose control, by which further investigation of the dirt shoulder opposite the station small footprints were found leading into the dry brush of thorns and thicket near impassable yet was of great puzzlement to those investigating the deaths, seeing they disappeared just after entering the brush. 

Word sent the authorities knew only a matter of time their investigation proved correct they would soon find the woman or perhaps girl, checking tickets of all inbound transportation from Minnesota, but two facts eluded them; why the accident occurred at all seeing there was clear view of the road in all directions, and why leave the bag?

The footprints could not have been covered over by a third-party otherwise their prints would have remained but there was no indication the ground had been tampered with. This part the officers thought rather peculiar but not overwhelmingly interested in seeing it was beyond their abilities though none would admit, and besides it was inconclusive to the case. What they needed and sought after with great enthusiasm was the owner of the bag. Once they were in custody the case was solved in their eyes, seeing as they did the way they did. 

But did it happen exactly in that manner? Did someone step across the road just as the car passed causing the accident killing three innocent people as the officers knew to be true? What else could be the case? All the evidence pointed to that specific place. That specific time. 

What if it happened differently? How could Jane having walked across the barely two-lane road width of just twelve feet including both dirt shoulders and not hear the oncoming car and it’s sounding horn on the loose gravel road of which skid marks aren’t clearly shown upon, not nearly so as tarmac? There must be a balance. There always is. So where is it here? 

And the prints? Why couldn’t a person pull themselves up, literally stepping out of their own footprints using the low hanging branches then climb through the thick forest dropping themselves onto the ground moving on once passed the natural blockade of which in the police report stated ‘dry brush of thorns and thicket near impassable’? 

Does it sound like the person who left the bag on the bench did so intentionally wanting it found then disappear leaving only the footprints and the bag for the police to ponder using their valuable time, insofar giving that time to the person allowing them a greater distance between the accident and themselves, where police more intent on sending out the manhunt instead of looking closely at the near decapitated person who perhaps wasn’t the owner and was so decapitated rather beaten to death for he’d swindled the actual owner the previous month simply taken the store outright but who cared because that was the ‘type’ of people they were, and of the two corpses one might ask how they burned so quickly almost incinerated, the entire interior completely destroyed could result from the fact they’d already been burnt, and maybe they weren’t themselves driving down that gravel road?

It would take time learning those having crossed the state line. Three weeks passed with all the collected information yet none fit the description of a young woman having originated in Minnesota as there were no direct routes between Oklahoma, which meant the police had to check literally all inbound buses and their ticket offices having connections with Minnesota being the first theory which immediately appeared a waste of time and law enforcement resources while looking at large wall map contemplating possible bus route combinations the senior detective of the investigation surmised clear-headedly. ‘This’ll go unsolved,’ thinking, ‘but there’s something about the two in the car and the shop owner,’ his mind went blank searching for his cigarette certain it would taste damn good and do the job clearing his head. But he never returned wholeheartedly to the case as time and assets were against him, and besides, they all agreed it being an accident; the car drove to fast, lost control, crashed into the shop. That’s it.

Even if the detective had all the men at his disposal and money to further the investigation he’d find firstly, none remembering a girl on the bus with them from Topeka to Oklahoma City because they all succumbed to an unintelligible state having watched the incident with the driver and the police remembering nothing of both incident and their trip though strange as that might be was never fully understood nor cared to by those investigating, and secondly, she never bought a ticket so the station hadn’t a record. She simply waited in line patiently then boarded after the police removed the half-drunk driver, and the replacement driver could not be located because he wasn’t a drive for the company. Nor any company. Even more, there wasn’t a record of this man anywhere. In any file.

‘So where is the connection?’ the detective wondered going through the cloths searching for signs of anything, yet again what was the point with it all seeing the bag of clothes left on the bench outside the bus station in Grave Creek a very small rural area, primarily Cherokee populated, themselves having little or no intention of talking with anyone outside their community especially the law still questioning looking at the remains, ‘Could this get any more distant in factual evidence that even a crime was committed?’ 

But in large measure, that’s exactly what it was. Murder. 

Yet how could a person tell if the body and the car it rode in was burnt twice? Also, why would that be brought into the picture? And without looking for, is often missed. Just as there was no evidence in paper form assisting law enforcement officials collaborating their evidence of the shop owner and Jane’s grandfather the actual owner of the building, in any account wasn’t a shop rather a building for the community where those wishing to gather could, but the now near decapitated man didn’t see it that way and simply forced Jane’s grandfather at gunpoint off the property, establishing his store where he thought would do well as cover because it was next to the bus station and excellent dropping point for the counterfeit money transferred through Oklahoma seeing the capital was short distance yet far enough as not draw suspicion from the law, or rival organizations in this fraudulent business, where to all intense purposes exactly what Jane viewed when she entered the store, the swindler talking with two other men who through their surprise immediately raised pistols for no one ever comes into the stop, especially those living nearby, thus must warrant either the law or worst; a competitor.

Had the detective known all this, that the two bodies were the same standing with guns raised earlier that morning, that the third beaten so severely with a baseball bat taken off the shelf from the store, having being inventoried, yet had the detective checked would noticed it was the only item missing in a store with already so very few items, seventeen in total, raised a second question; why a store with practically no merchandise has its decapitated owner possessing three hundred dollars still in his wallet and a very expensive watch on his wrist, existed in the first place.

Had the detective known all this, it would point the investigation to one of the fastest growing network of prostitution, money laundering and counterfeit including trafficking of marijuana and heroin in the Great Plains region. But he didn’t. Not that he was incompetent, rather inadequate funding. And motivation. Not that Oklahoma itself was lacking, the State carried wonderful natural beauty, a long history it was, for the most part, proud, but born and educated in New York, he assumed that’s where he’d begin his career. And end it for, ‘No greater place was there on God’s green earth that New York City,’ was his mantra, though seldom chanted in these parts seeing he’d been assigned to Oklahoma City for the past twelve years.

Had the detective known any of this, there’d be great differences that carried long distances heard far by those listening, in knowing what to listen for. 

CHAPTER 11: THEIR HIDING

Having pulled herself up with easy Jane quickly used  branches passing over the lovely orange flowering brush whose sweeten fragrance from below drifted upwards into the trees which law enforcement noted as ‘a heavily throned nightmare impassable on any account,’ soundlessly dropping behind and out of view from the roadside, quickly opened her bag pulling and out the map drawn earlier in the Topeka library outlining those pronounced landmarks needed knowing it wouldn’t take long before smoke drew authorities arriving with their questions.

Reviewing it all in her mind while on the bus for Kansas, Jane understood actions about to be taken and their consequences though the later was far-reaching than earlier conceived, after all how distant elements run isn’t the best question, rather how long the fuel lasts motivating them for once depleted the truth is in sight. It wasn’t something thought in school by any means. There weren’t books or literature. Nor lecture. Unable turning to her stepparent Jane had only one solution; wait. 

Her vision narrowing by the week, what could you do, but let whatever was going to happen anyway simply happen. Pushing or rushing wouldn’t solve a thing, largely there was no resolution because Jane wasn’t able establishing the correct question, which without, leads only through brush she’d a moments before passed over. 

Rarely had she known the answer to anything without the correct inquiry applied. Knowing her grandfather resided once in Grave Creek, knowing he knew answers she’d long before established questions as now, only one of which presented itself as they always do, standing directly in front of her, visualized them not in word form, but images possessing great variance nevertheless depending on the severity of the request, and was among the large bursts of orange with bright reds and purples, charging fabled animals, flowers blooming in seconds from seedlings to their death, the movement of water, or timeless falling of a single feather and how one felt when observing these among uncountable others, contributed to her solution, more important than all this simply being still for Jane learned from the time she was three years old if you were quiet, everything loomed from their hiding, lumbering forward on unstable movements of that first fresh moment, that point in time communion bound free of self-imposed restraints from the past and finally shone through.

The window opened couldn’t possibly surmise this scenario, no expression defining, for there wasn’t anything to define, because nothing was there and that once understood, freed the mind of confines as Topeka is the state seat for both Kansas and Oklahoma their library contained records ascertaining legal ownership of properties in Grave Creek Jane's possession of a powerful expanding interest with finding her grandfathers name on the title deed, she later in stepping off the bus learned it had all painfully changed. Perhaps her stepmother had known, she'd, after all, written the name of the cabin on the paper. But it wasn’t exactly as she’d pictured.

Things were different.

On the bus from Topeka Jane gazed out the window, watching lights pass, houses, farms wondering what manner of life held within was like. Was it the same as her life, on the farm in Minnesota? Was it better? Or did those living there face challenges as she? And that’s when her thoughts turned, a daydream, staring through the blackness beyond all those twinkling lights, into a darkness which grew the more she stared. Till it filled everything. And in that, she saw.

She saw what wasn’t on the deed in the library. She saw her grandfather died. She saw the cabin in ruin he once owned, even though he was of the Cherokee Nation, all were who lived in that area, that community, even so, was never recognized. She saw nothing of her father nor mother, of which she’d hoped to ask of who they were, and where they’d gone. But now couldn’t. She saw the hand of the man who killed her grandfather covered in oil as he cut the old mans throat. She saw two other men one on his arm carried war a shield and tomahawk she recognized as Cheyenne tattoos tying her grandfather hands and feet. She saw all three with guns as well as large hunting knives.

Stepping off the bus in Grave Creek, wasn’t the same as stepping off the bus an hour before. These were very different signs of progress. The later was of a ‘between', a time inside another time. Jane first felt this during sleepless nights watching stars out her window, listening to night noises when they quoted themselves fading to a nothingness, and the world's colors shifted. Sometimes grey tones were predominant, then blues shone through. Brighter colors dulled dramatically leaving everything worn as if washed a thousand times over.

At night, the most fascinating being already dark what could possibly change Jane thought having witness several ‘between's’ during the day wondered if this happened at three in the morning, what occurred?

CHAPTER 12: A CHOICE MADE

Voices. Clear sounding. But indistinguishable. They passed by way of skipping between everything. Air separating pages of a closed book, amongst drops of water constituting a river. Even the very thoughts a person possesses.

Jane heard the voices her entire life starting when her vocabulary consisted of only a few words. In point of fact her ability to speak coherently hadn’t yet established herself when they arrived an evening after most of the days heat had passed leaving newly born stars for that night just visible laying on a blanket her stepmother placed upon the grass in their backyard a few feet from the cornfield, which for the most looked promising as her stepfather if anything, knew the ground he worked more so than most seeing he was born in that time when either you planted or went hungry raised himself from a dirt-poor family with little but the clothes on their backs, quitting school age ten so as to work in those fields providing for  something bigger than they could possibly imagine, mainly the larger cities none of them had ever seen nor would till much later when in life itself pulled strings, contrary to the preaching of teachers and elders.

Not a year old Jane gazed up into the dark growing sky, shown through starlight traveled countless miles reaching her that one precise moment where the first voice arrived causing her brain with all the newly formed neurons to fire some that’s enough, sufficient to change their entire life's course as here, that first slight whispering she’d always give audience to.

In the finale, fighting whether insanity gained the upper-hand, ones true self always rose, emerging out from a maddened mist vanquished finally showing what inside all along ruled, that Jane’s true strength was believing in herself and things she couldn’t explain but would whatever the circumstances appear when needed, in realizing she wasn’t demented, succumbed to demons believed having feed from her essential nature, where in actuality, never existed.

With this, Jane understood what she heard coupled with how she felt seeing the two unequivocally connected, that not always what she saw or listened to, but how emotionally attached she’d become, altered the context of the voices to the extent of becoming simple directives as it were of what event was about to happen, or what she herself should arrange.

The foremost problem stemmed from the fact, which took considerable time understanding, therefore, brought about forces questioning her sanity. Just as in a bowl of soup if you wanted the meat and vegetables, you had to get through the broth, Jane believed the virtual static anything from a wild insect burrowing through her brain to a tumor devouring it, and even people standing nearby whispering, all of which brought about serious depression, panic attacks, along with nervous breakdowns, whose symptoms were kept from everyone at school including family.

It wasn’t until her last year in high school listening to a shortwave radio broadcast, she grasped the situation. Before there was only long walks in the middle of the night, focusing on any place other than her existence when the whispering arrived, of a single word drifting through the constant static warding off insanity. Jane desperately ‘projected’ herself far away from the hissing, the scratching produced catching a single word than sinking, drowning again within its fractured rustling, carried along its current leading her far away insofar often while at night found herself on the border of the old woods past the fields of crops, waking in front of the ageless giant stand of twisting massive oaks hearing wind reaching through bent branches, their crooked broken arms calling out for her to enter, to ‘follow them’, all the while never remembering a single step she'd taken. 

When returned the world quivered, shuddering slightly as if welcoming her wondering about choices she'd made while away and how they’ll alter everything. Often a reflective part in her mind watching cats on the farm how  lazily they dozed in the sun after a nights hunting, carousing completely aware of the environment, their senses sharped while she thought how dimmed hers became carrying out simple chores both at home and school of tedious strings pulling, growing thicker soon unbreakably thicken ropes cutting into her, turning to chains manacled in place.  Another wanting witness because it was easier than not. And at times, ever more increasing now that, ‘that fear’ had taken hold she couldn’t find words or even thoughts describing, but came just as she returned from 'between' trailing her wanting desperately to enter this world she felt always there at the gate just as she crossed onto land of the farm or school, and where ever she projected herself upon her return the shadow waited her return.

Being just that, fear itself ended a great many newly idealised footprints before ever they came in contact with their paths, and would certainly have been the case for Jane too had she not during a time standing in the field of corn almost her own height the last summer before leaving, in the quietness of the mid-afternoon suns blaze upon shinning leaves the spring planting produced, their sharply green stocks rustling in the soft warm breeze, rubbing against their familiarity, a fond chatter she told herself from the earth’s own voice coming through the trees, the grass underfoot, ivy growing across the barn, sometime listening carefully she’d hear the stretching of clouds passing overhead, then their collision as though pillows had fallen atop one another, seen how suddenly though everything could change.

And with that abruptness, Jane noticed through the corn something move not more than twenty feet away their stocks shuttered. Feeling the ground beneath her unexpectedly vibrate, rolling as ocean waves moved the soil under her feet then departed a few feet only to return a moment later honeycombing the entire area with holes. Immediately the wind changed turning hot blowing directly at her almost scorching flesh followed with loud thuds from giant footfalls Jane felt certain causing her to drop from loss of balance that the dark shadow approached and with quickening speed suddenly seeing the darkness grow in size reaching several feet above the corn seemingly appear as rolling black thicken clouds folding upon her in a giant wave through which she witnessed bright flashes of orange and red lightning from its depth. 

The blasting heated wind swiftly rose, throwing crop debris and soil, pulling hair and cloths forcing her almost to step back, the ground's rolling lifted even higher, red bolts flashed outward toward Jane striking the now fouled soaked rotten air of decay with thunderous exploding cracks, its immenseness came full force with a huge roar as the shadow fell upon Jane standing unmoved knowing the next choice defined, carried not only consequences from the present but effect toward the even greater significant eternal unknown, as with all options, whose results are never fully understood till farther along. 

In that understanding Jane realized as the shadow closed around her choices made perhaps years before came to this one point, not necessarily herself having made, on the strength of those possessing their own thoughts producing ideas, thus constituted actions either driven by such or even further outlying conditions contrived perhaps before even time itself began, played when as she felt a hand on her shoulder broke from the shadows embrace of having nearly engulfed her save that last area from another world reaching through touching her gently calling softly a single word, ‘Jane?’ held such menacing power the shadow shrank to nothingness allowing the bright sunlight to return flickering across the crop, the soft breeze of summer with its sweet scent resume its day as if nothing in the least occurred which of course for Jane’s stepmother nothing had except the fact seeing her lost again standing for what seemed hours as she’d often seen Jane achieve, cautious not interrupting what was at play adhered instructions from the child’s grandfather years before, should things of this nature occur as the stepmother witnessed time and again, more so now with the girl maturing, strongly advised not interfere unless a pronounced fear for her life or those nearby produces itself.

Yet on this occasion not a soul except Jane herself stood in the cornfield. The stepmother reached out touching her and in that instance seeing and feeling what Jane witnessed always, how the shadow fell upon her, imagining all the while to be the last sane word the woman ever spoke calling her name in that fraction of time when the shadow cut through her brain-searing away a woman chosen not randomly but with great care to watch over a baby of only three months whose guardian constituted a blackness itself born on fringes of unknown strengths and horrors, shown itself to three men in small store through a young girl aware not fully what she was, nor the slightest of what she’d one day become.

CHAPTER 13: PRESCRIBED HEAVENS AND HELLS

Dropping from the branches behind the thick growth of the long throned brush onto the soften ground of damp rotting oak leaves Jane crouched low listening for a moment for anything other than what earlier sounded of an occasional bird prior to the car crashing through the shop bursting into flames, of which growing fearful the engulfed auto might damage the oak, rolled the car back away from the trunk a good ten feet as if the car rebounded from its impact, for it was indeed planed not striking the tree caused the fire rather the car’s passage through the shop, of which seemed logical to Jane seeing there were several ten-gallon drums of kerosene predominantly used for pot heaters in the store which placed and ignited around the exit hole made in the back wall from the car on top of pouring ample inside then alighting the interior from the lighter taken off the man having killed her grandfather. Unfortunately, the kerosene burned faster than anticipated inadequate igniting the cars gas tank, permitting the bodies only partially to burn along with the car’s interior. Witnessing this Jane simply took an old towel from the shop, located some baling wire, hocked the end of the towel onto the wire pushed it down through the gas tank opening allowing it soaked, then pulled the wire bring the towel back out of the tank leaving it partially inside the tank, lit its end and walked toward the road when with one foot on its dirt gravel heard the explosion. 

Squatting, carefully listening from the time stepping onto the road till the moment she heard the next bird call was not more than fifteen-seconds telling Jane nature resumed, that the fire would not damage the tree for if a threat emerged the animals would have certainly departed long before. This behind, the task now involved making way back to the city, board a bus without detection, yet with the state law permitting such only with proof of identification something Jane wanted to avoid without exception, thus proving she’d never visited Oklahoma, and even more so why would she for in hindsight there wasn’t a single reason her ever stepping foot over that particular state line as supposedly she’d no idea where parents let alone grandparents of hers resided.

Jane believed she could hide on board a freight train but the risk of being caught was much higher than simply trying to hitch where once over the state line she’d resume on bus back to Minnesota as university would begin and she still hadn’t a place to reside for the beginning the new term in August in Minneapolis-St Paul, when several birds followed the first sounding their call, connected the stench of burnt flesh pulling her thoughts for the car having skidded across the road through the shop entering the forest was clear all growing signs to get moving of which Jane hesitated the least now, promptly stood, checked her bag and moved off through the dense woods at a brisk pace knowing it wouldn’t take long for the police and fire departments arrival and eventual questioning along with theories and eventual lack of interest seeing those involved and the property itself belonging to Indians, thereby simply filing paperwork being sufficient in these matters, concluding the driver lost control observation allowing enough time for drinks after a long days expedition into frontier land many never having ventured before, would then truthfully acknowledge after their third whisky their concern jokingly being scalped by locals all give a frightened laugh by which the boozed soften had they arrived an hour earlier would have seen just that as Jane sliced open then pealed back the top of each man’s scalp leaving intense whiteness of the skull shown strikingly against the blood deep all of which would not have burnt for Jane had neatly laid them in the broken desk in the normally abandon station attendee’s office with its thick layers of dust upon both floor and counter-tops revealing not a footprint yet should the drawer be opened apart from the question what was being viewed exactly, but also how they were placed without disturbing the two-inch thick dust layered flooring might come to the conclusion it wasn’t worth the effort further inquiring for nothing was normal about any of this.

As Jane felt the direction true leading her through the forest eventually to a busy road where hitching the first possible ride lead her eventually sitting in a small desert cabin near blind listening to the same hissing static, hearing words, whispered voices stemming through some forgotten highway weren’t at all Russian in the least, but further off the map, lent her more to the idea a form of communication existed here which shouldn’t for what she realized the voices were those trapped 'between' not that simplistic threshold of limbo or certain stages before reaching their prescribed heavens and hells, that couldn’t contain what was heard, although being understood drove some mad, had they listened too long, had they curiosity enough, scorched their minds speeding the already ordained process in a split-second from that of normality, were now able distinguishing their own whisperings within that very same static.

It was as if their own minds neglecting fundamental essences, and simply stopped.

CHAPTER 14: THE PRICE OF PERRY

‘It’s not the grand Hilton but it’ll do for the money,’ the owners voice distant and graveled from years of tobacco and drink rattled towards Jane as she stood in the doorway of a small one room deserted cabin in the dried up Mesquite Springs community of no more than just a couple thousand residence desperately wanting to be left alone seeing why the hell would anyone with half a mind want to settle in such a godforsaken scorched pit as this, 'must have had good reason', being their anthem the human habitants held dear defending their right with Winchesters and various pistols none questioned once hardened faces matching dispositions losing all recollection of a world no longer wanted part of, gazed back at visiting tourist whose soul purpose now simply to briskly move across wasted landscape when this greatest desire was broken by the young woman after quickly scanning the room, turned producing twelve months in cash in one hand and bottle a Kentucky Bourbon in the other both of which having been handed directly to the slightly swaying pioneer needed no prompt as she passed by without word other than, ‘Done', with positive momentum to the old Ford pickup where in the back she pulled two bags, immediately returned to the cabin and promptly closed the door leaving the owner still recovering from the week long binge holding money and booze wondering which the more valuable weighting each in his mind their worth lost in thought, then with hell-for-leather pocketed the money and opened the bottled taking first a whiff of the fabled water of life calling him since before he was born for they say drunks aren’t made rather produced from either parents, then with the flick of the wrist lifted the bottle to his lips for a slow, long gulp as the burn mixed with the scent taken a moment before continuing to chase those angles away knowing soon the gate would open where demons lovingly strolled, patiently waited for the keys to turn. 

Within a week Jane purchased her shortwave radio, and taught her first class at the Mesquite Springs high school, both providing a newer outlook on life knowing it wouldn’t be the same as the entire spread one works with during their supposed term of education from birth through death seemed the brighter side for Jane since her time of youth in the north, her trip to Oklahoma, still undetected gave hindsight the run-a-round without any possible surrender as most she knew such as either a pressing need for salvation, or blind fury at the world’s wantonly demeanor towards non-other than itself, and in so finding the best alternative in an in-comprehensive landscape laid wide open without reservations nor understanding other than what it simply was; barren.

It was a sterile pristine area unchartered, without even the thought such could exist, remained the constant feeling listening to static as was the desert from which it arrived most nights till early morning the best reception being, that amongst others required height which the cabin hadn't alerted Jane, range would be an issue, except when the whispering commenced the problem ceased, as  should Jane move beyond a fifty foot radius from the cabin, produced reception of astounding clarity. 

In what form brought her attention couldn’t be governed from any element of her past for she received no fostering from both her stepparents, nor at high school and university, manifested well before her own birth several generations earlier when a distant relative gave birth to a child, her great-grandmother, during the summer solstice in which the expected mother was given a shaped cat’s eye topaz stone worn around the neck to ward off evil forces of black magic, spirits, and protect from the Evil Eye. Had Jane known this perhaps courage she lacked in her youth especially when she was six hearing the telephone ring while answering realized no one on the line caused further fear from her infuriated stepfather telling Jane to stop playing for there hadn’t been anyone calling three consecutive evenings at exactly eight-thirty and get to bed before she got ‘a whippin’, whereupon the third evening she didn’t sleep at all that entire night knowing something was near but wasn’t a thing to do except lay still while peering at the closet door of which she was certain behind somewhere deep an evil would come forth slow and noiseless so as no one hear the creaking of its long thin bony legs as it stalked towards her bed where it would quickly snatch her leg dragging her back without a sound because it was evil magic keeping her silenced and only the dead of night when the beast appeared while during all laid beneath their soundless sleep the monster came for her, but she hadn't a topaz stone, nor her real mother or any relative she knew sheltering its wearer, the cases with ill-relevance obscure actions threaded through what possibility could be addressed as survivals wanton desire, pushing along etched thin lines of sound traveling toward a receiver where upon reaching passes through into a world of vibrating messages alerting the brain their arrival,  where deciding whether action or not was required every fraction constantly producing a checked falsehood of balanced lies. 

All true, madness from any standpoint, this complete deception not a single element noticed in the liberal sound of forced wind through cracks of sandblasted wooden cabins, their droned varying pitch often chilled the spine, rose several octaves warned approaching dangers having in all respects arrived well before Jane’s birth with that inevitable darken, ever faithful unknown association having plagued its attendant till insanity ran through screaming, senses alight, its final blaze bringing anew illuminated means.

How could anything remain, from that point, in harmony? 

Yet while listening to their voices acuteness through not simply distance as she’d thought previously, but that of time not relevant to her own, from an alternative experienced long ago as if another earth a thousand years before. This too being the point drove many insane while listening to its static, understanding their own past drifting through speakers, mixed with local dialogue and programs of other stations, only they themselves deciphered, their brains on the very edge of flashing out same as a dying lamp bulb either overwhelmed with too much power or simply from age. 

It was difficult understanding, but for those knowledgeable saw more of how fragile the human mind was and its control therefore justifiable at any stake, with any means the ruling factor as laboratories quickly established monitoring traffic broadcasted, searching for one particular frequency believed messages within its own transmission once understood, would alter the past thereby change the present, fundamentally controlling the full compass of time itself.

A project was soon established called Apsis titled so as in astronomy either of two points in an eccentric orbit, one farthest from the center of attraction used in ‘present' time, the other, a ‘marked’ time which is nearest to the center of attraction, while those most senior believed this theoretically possible from a sheer physics standpoint, lived vacant to the fact their very existence remained controlled and had before their great-grandparent ever meet, therefore their contributions only fundamental, was of the whole, significant becoming unwilling test subjects on both small and large scale experiments subjected to, of which none, their memory washed entirely from the continuous looped injection of white noise, remembered a single fact every taking place. Of anything.

Within this experimental branch of individuals Jane succumbed not only wholeheartedly but volunteered in a publicized survey conducted at her university concerning memory attributes and its effect on test scores, for which there was substantial outpouring of willing students’ wanting a better understanding of enhancing exam results, lead to a screening process by which only a selected few chosen depended not on the least upon attributes of academic, but social, and geographical nature, whereupon Jane’s heritage became of interest and therefore allowed to pass through as an official candidate along with over one-hundred and sixty others from various backgrounds including international student’s from Great Briton and Canada, all carrying extensive mathematics backgrounds, as it were, a prerequisite quality sought explicitly, for it appeared those posing such considerably more receptive to the frequencies pertinence, when formulated produced a numerical sequence within the recipients brain once induced with a modifier the patient illustrated through geographical coordinating system, longitude and latitude, whereby on a map would indicate the precise location of what Apsis demand ‘markers’.

Plainly stated markers were of a counterbalance in nature discovered as near as possible in ten sixty-six with the Norman invasion of England where time itself could be altered and frequently was till roughly nineteen hundred and nine when Robert Perry in reaching the North Pole altered everything. 

Much of which is classified beyond any but the extream few having a full understanding the effects, for were the public to know how extensive the marker system encompassed, would itself be destroyed for the very reason humans did when confronted with the great fear of the unknown. Yet everything still remains as it should be or rather history dictates what actually transpired, but for example, should it be published Thomas Becket was not murdered in Canterbury in eleven seventy as published, but rather traveled together with Marco Polo into China thereby establish the British Empire as sole ruler dominating that continent for nearly eight hundred years, would be today construed as impossible yet did happen, or if the Black Death in thirteen forty-nine not at it peak kill one-third of the English population, rather three-quarter of the global population thereby not permitting Columbus in fourteen ninety-two discover what he did simply because he hadn’t any relatives seeing they had no resistance from the plague and so was never given birth to. What if the public were told Shakespeare and Galileo never existed, that in sixteen-twenty pilgrims never sailed from Holland to New England - established Plymouth, that W. A. Mozart was actually a woman, or the British hadn’t any war with America, because America was discovered by the Vikings who at the same time were at war with Indonesia  both desperately needed raw materials their campaigns against one another for global dominance at its peak themselves reduced to a nation of slaves of Nordic sea-roving pirates and not the global power, or that Charles Darwin briefly thought of evolution yet shortly dismissed in favor of dropping out of school becoming a cobbler forced making an income for his family, Lincoln was never shot, the first World War lasted twenty-two years, Apollo 11 miscalculated in nineteen sixty-nine its moon landing and is still locked in orbit, though all three onboard returned safely having completed their mission successfully, that Russia dominates all financial global markets, and Richard Nixon is on every American bill, of every denomination, including coins dated after nineteen seventy-two. Nevertheless, how could Apollo and Nixon occur as they’re in the future wasn’t exactly the right question. What should be asked is whether the world really needs to know anything at all of the reality and which reality should be played out seeing each marker as a tree, each root a separate time period of which not connected rather individual, comprising a forest of these tree-periods the size of New Mexico or relative to say that of Poland?

Why this complexity, thousands of time-periods Jane realized witnessing the magnitude in her first ‘between’ wondered if she’d become lost amongst the literal countless periods, what chance finding her original of which she was born into, when the complete reality of actually what she viewed flashed in her mind, were simply immeasurable corrupted memories reconstructed by the brain, similar in fashion potholes filled on a road, after which over so many repairs little of the original road remains, in the manner of genuine memory now completely scavenged.

And it was a question Apsis fully understood as their greatest, ‘how not to get lost’ changed the balance entirely, for the messages sent through the white noise of static, were discovered coordinates leading to the markers location along with directions what lay beyond should they enter, while still the predominant reason Apsis secretly searched and recruited those possessing specific mental attributes able in deciphering not only the mathematical code, but more importantly individuals able to withstand that form of pressure surge produced within the statical signal delivery lay in the vast area of universities Apsis siphoning through scouring desperately resources in student and educator alike, professionals, anyone, in truth, able to enter and return successfully through the marker was enlisted. They hadn't a choice.

Recruitment was thorough. Relentless. Complete.

Initially, unknowingly pursued realizing in the very least, and always the last moment too late for retreat into that once safe world known the moment prior markers existed,  candidates minds excepting the fact they’d entered a produced hell partial on their own accord, and demands of something they just caught the slightest glimpse within the lining of their innermost fears of which they'd never be again free of, when the first static came through, they remembered only the simplest of thoughts brought forth inducing deepest childhood memories, triggered through chemicals used calming their transition; the only pleasantry of the entire operation.

Once through initial exams, very different from those any took before soon faded from memory, though these intended only for use by Apsis despite thankfully remaining hidden scared the mind leaving certain areas as tender as those upon the body their pink soft tissue never fully healing, were programmed through the exam phase itself produced ‘trap-doors’ allowing certain memories through, but never return. The entire analysis procedure each candidate completed fell through its own ‘door’ closing, locked behind leaving the memory in place but never free again where without stimulant, faded to an emptiness never retrieved. At that stage, they weren’t associated as candidates, but as investments, and from that point only referred to their compulsory contribution becoming,‘Task’.

Those establishing Apsis thought the entire procedure unethical, yet a few owning authentic influences knew the system mandatory for not simply containment of memories but received once the Task returned, therefore in the programming, Apsis instated a call sequence alerting the Task any information once through the Marker would for reasons of security be fragmented so as never allowing the forming of a complete remembrance.

But that wasn’t true.

And Jane knew this. Every Task did, but with the initial exam phase complete immediately Task recollections were removed, insofar only certain memories Apsis placed throughout their induction period, primarily those taken then altered from the Task initial past, reflecting either their absence stemming from family illness emergency leave though this not preferred except in non-pragmatic cases seeing should the authoritative body such as a university if the Task was a student wish to contact the parents or legal guardian memory roots of all involved would have to be altered reflecting so. The preferred was ‘employment interview from prospective companies’, with Apsis having a number of such enterprises established if contacted inquiries were accordingly managed, or if already employed ‘personal family issues’ were used.

With initial training just one week,Task’s returned with only slight annoyance as to their absence, yet if profound action extended influencing their work Apsis intervened removing whatever the issue allowing the investment an 'open protocol' making certain no such disturbances in the future occurred; there was no tolerance permitted interfering with a Task's work. Consequently, department directors or even directors of companies themselves were replaced. Faculty heads at universities were substituted, neighbors, even family members removed. 

All the while a Task was unto themselves never aware of any other for they hadn't remembered any training except when the alert frequency notified them of the pending marker. Only at that moment, the memory was triggered through the alert itself, initiating the formula required calculating the location and watchwords of the marker as what to expect entered the marker, while Apsis received at the same instant identical details. 

And everything, every piece of information concerning every marker's location and what happened after entering the marker, along with every Task was contained within Apsis holding essentially the past, present, and future. And all Jane wanted was to be free of them and find her grandfather, but knew both weren’t possible without the other owing to something in the ‘between’ she’d missed, an element where retrieved, could very well off-set Apsis just enough. And Perry, in his expedition was the key. 

CHAPTER 15: CALLED OUT

Cheyenne is derived from a Siouan term, ‘Sha hi=yen-Shah ela', A Red Talker, or, A People of Alien Speech, referring to themselves as two people; the Tsistsista and Suhtai.

Colors as well as numbers linked to images including water, stars, caves, as plants and animals are very important to the Cheyenne where according to legend, several hundred years prior to migrating onto the Plains and further into Montana, the Cheyenne populated western woodland areas arriving there by traveling through a series of caves when finally surfaced in the land of the Great Lakes. But some while in the caves turned a different path becoming lost, and it was in those paths Apsis believed the first ‘between’ was discovered.

Jane noticed of the three men in the store at Grave Creek, one was Cheyenne with the culturally important number four their most dominant number, representing the sacred design of the four original Cheyenne bands. It being both culturally and ritually of the symbolic universe the most important for the Cheyenne and their culture to the extent it was tattooed on his right forearm, a roundel with quadrant colored bands. 

The four bands red, black, yellow and white symbolize four equal distant and equal lateral triangles forming a cross within a circle when placed with their points toward the center. But the white was replaced with green, meaning he was of the warrior societies and on his left forearm, a tattoo of a green and red shield further confirmed so. But on the shield is what surprised Jane the most that of two arrows meaning he controlled the actions of mankind; a Shaman.

That of the learned medicine man, he was most dangerous of the three. Jane knowing this, also knew he would ‘see’ her while ‘between’ and in the last split second as Jane thrusted his own knife slipped from its belted sheath between his fourth and fifth rib separating the left border of the sternum and chest nipple with a slant towards the left slicing through both the right and the left ventricle in a single thrust, the light in the shamans eyes flickered bright blue, then entirely pitch black, his projected soul now safe, departed from the dying shell, returned to the Lodge where different societies reside in their distinct world, not merely the same world labeled differently, realizing there'd have to be another way of finding him as she withdrew the foot long hunting knife while still in her right hand, spun clockwise arm outstretched, across the Cheyenne chest effortlessly for no friction resisting movement while ‘between’ of any kind existed, with her back now against the man’s upper body drove the blade into the second man’s throat to the hilt where she left it, reaching down on the counter top pivoting from the momentum, and picked up the baseball bat with her left hand, in a wink the two joined together at the end of the bat as she swung striking the first man with such force glancing his skull literally chipping away the bone whose forced impact drove an inch into the old plastered ceiling resembled that just of lumberjacks who fell mighty wildreness, when from those depths of ancient dark twisted woods something emerged thirsting consuming humanity considering itself untouchable, supreme, but along a different time period all that changed. 

Yet here, the entire sequence lasting just three-seconds, permitted Jane slight satisfaction though not through the killing of those having done the same with her grandfather, this wasn’t about revenge so much as taking the soul as the body withers and dies, the spirit carries onwards traveling to the camp of the dead where friends and relatives wait, and Cheyenne believe, soul is the shadow of a man, but ‘between’ hasn’t any shadows so when she plunged the knife it not only killed the body but the soul for there was no place it could move on too. The perfect assassin in a horrid way.

But here wasn’t the case for only the ‘external soul’ was killed that which protects a 'guiding spirit'. The Cheyenne medicine man would have several, more powerful ones, and now these moved freely towards their Lodge, yet the most disconcerting Jane well knew would be the reincarnation of that ‘guiding force’. And it would seek her out appearing though in the same geographical area of its death, similar in appearance not as immaterial ghosts, but in quite a tangible form, the few attributes that gave warning when paths met which Jane was certain. 

With Cheyenne believing every person having at least two, upwards of four souls existing independent traveling eventually reincarnate after the death of the physical body, appearances inherent not only in people but also animals, insects, but also plants and even objects occurred. Along with the Cheyenne nearly all North American Indian tribal beliefs, an integral part of their culture reflected this in rituals and traditions, continuously passed through generations, and Jane herself part of that methodology and folklore understood full well what approaching dangers unquestionably waited calmly, not hiding in the darkness, but in clear view for her.

With the marker in place, Jane entered knowing what lay beyond was not a ruling element as here in this world. Past the marker meant something altogether different being that half dream-state from waking which most arrive at moments before the conscious world pushes through, forcing a hold against nearly all, finding both desirable for should one remain too long dreams became real, unrepented never wanting to wake, to leave the land of 'messages as dreams' meant countless different thoughts constituting a person's existence, these signposts, now littering byways, strewn carelessly as a child with their bored toys for seldom were they given any further thought, fading as often from lack of any nourishment of wanton understanding as dreams often do, then simply die.

There wasn't even time for mourning, Jane listened patiently her mind drifting back to the static nor why should there telling herself regularly she hadn’t really control on any single tangible thread her life hung from. So why waste time ill-tempered? 

Certain the law would search, she recalled leaving Oklahoma climbing board a freight train bound north, then hitched back into Minnesota reaching St. Paul one day shy of a week from being in Grave Creek and really no closer to finding her grandfather then when she left, understandingly content entering city limits knowing she hadn’t done this in reverse ‘going’ to Oklahoma for she wanted the authorities loose their time searching, producing nothing other than results she intended whereby ‘HE’ would be called out, when the thought came in the billboard Jane looked up at as the old pickup she’d thumbed a ride drove slowly away shouldering her backpack hearing the grumbling from hunger her stomach produced not having eaten in four days, of a Caucasian woman with thick shining blond air cascading about her shoulders holding a bottle of Perl Shampoo, yet through her perfectly smiling face Jane saw an undertone perhaps the advertisement hadn’t planed on producing with the catch-phrase printed elegantly leaping outward from the massive board, ‘Perfect Wash, Every Time’ screaming Jane conceived her vision all but allowing the face and the bottle till she turned to read the entire message, firstly that of a complete lie for how could anything be perfect, and secondly where could you find a woman, exactly as the one at Grave Creek, only with long black hair?

That was almost five years ago. 

Hunched over the shortwave eyes closed Jane still wondered about the woman who with herself moved together ‘between’ where before, and since, never happened, being a point of single entry only one Task traveled; never more.

Jane often thought of the woman, the turquoise neckless how ‘perfect’ they were, and what message, if any as the time since seemed long and near faded with her selling shampoo brought only strain into her thinking leaving Jane exhausted. In years since she dreamed of the tall woman a handful of nights, always waking tired as the case when one becomes too engage with the dream itself, drained having exerted throughout that deep unconsciousness, the next day difficult, and detached till falling back asleep dropping off permitting the remnants of herself finding their way back.

And in those five years, ‘HE’ came. Not the Shaman. This was another element entirely apart from shamanic ideology and it’s deeply rooted mythology especially pertaining to the afterlife and netherworld. This was a trained man searching for others relentlessly, of both high and low intellect balanced perfectly without guilt or reason other than the task bathed in debauchery, with all the most sacred, but at the same time the most dangerous. Able at will entering ‘between’ without need for markers.

CHAPTER 16: SINCE THEIR OWN BIRTH

How many souls did the man have? That even if one were killed could he still live? There could have established before a line of direction counting them, but now too much distance lay between knowing and wondering. None cared witnessing those times as then when 'He' came through, leaving little chance who survived or not, and whether playing any role actually mattered. There wasn't a right of such 'He' standing where stood many years before, ageless, now able blending time as colors of a sunset, tranquil so as keeping stillness alight, causing not a stir, while conducting business.

There was no magic in any of this, no wand wisping away some warlock though many believed as much. This was something entirely real as a thing of any kind, seen by many any day, since their own birth, and most often than not, stood directly before the very moment. Slightly askew and somewhat out of focus. If it weren’t for this humanity, would have entered its madness centuries before, dragged as it were, seeking that wanton still place for passage, so readily obsessed never the mind of any gravity bound to the expected.

And 'He' knew this.

Stowed away on the very ship, all embarked 'He' slowly came from below decks born from the vessel itself there was no escape even should they seek, but few dared thought such a view when all so perfect through 'His' eyes whence gazed ever so content the masses upon the great sea traveled from birth till death never heeding any sight of independence even the wisest believed witnessed, for his telling those contemplating such, another tale their ears gleamed with such joy a child with its very own prize and none to steal it away all lead to believe, for it was all to make them still with content as lambs those clever thinking they so much better than 'He' with their scriptures and chants, smoking incense, calling out in great voices, ‘Be at peace and seek nothing, for that is the greatest wisdom!’

For when in fact that very willingness not to seek as they so readily claimed, pursued with great lust languished of, was in itself, that very state they deemed ill. 

And 'He' knew this too.

All the while was the true madness. And was only 1956.

Not a ghost or spirit of any kind, rode through upon no such beast either winged nor crawled, or came into dreams during rest and not, neither there before or after death, did 'He' ever once appear. In any form. Yet always worshiped. Always feared. Ceaselessly.

CHAPTER 17: WHERE IT ALL CHANGED 

And Perry in his expedition was the key. 

Only seven Task ever removed themselves successfully from Apsis.

'He' was always near.

Markers showed the way ‘between’. 

Jane’s vision diminished by the week, while her grandfather’s, whom she sought, cabin-store was demolished by an out of control car driven by two men whom she later scalped then set afire after beating to death a third with a baseball bat.

A single company controlled the past, present, future of time, while literally the entire global population never knew, nor cared should they have.

Voices traveled through shortwave radio transmissions producing madness if the message weren’t deciphered correctly, of which Jane listen relentlessly for whereabouts of her grandfather when I met her that week in Mesquite Springs. That God awful time where it all changed.

Making delivery for Circle K feed and grain where I’d been working since just turning twelve, that now going on ten years, up in Loneson tract close to the native indian reservation, last house just north of its boundaries, its fifty-five acres owned by Bill Sharman one of the few born and bred residents of Mesquite Springs when taking a moment from dragging the last alfalfa bail from the back of my pale blue 1948 Chevrolet 3100 pickup I looked down into its small community just shy of four thousand with newly elected mayor God only knows why, and runner-up varsity high school baseball for the third year, most contributed to the fact they were cursed seeing the township was in-part taken from the reservation reason they couldn’t ever win the championship, when a trail of dust rose in the east along the Old Adobe Road which wasn’t used except for drunks hunting tin cans, seeing there was only one small property there being from Dan Wilson and he was dead now over twelve years meaning no ones living there since, yet here came this thin trail standing out as clear as that blue sky we always had, gave us great pride and extra dollars from those in the bigger cities wanting peace and quite or lucidness depending on their like, staying in rented homesteads or just camping that being the new thing people from there liked, which for us here, thought rather strange as we often slept outside in the summer seeing the heat as it was under that wide sky open enough to swallow the world right from under you as I often thought, taken in one giant gulp as far as I could recall spending every summer night outside with my brothers staring at night sky ‘God himself blushed at creating’, or so my mama often said, them stars at night bright as they were and the full moon when it came hell none of us could sleep for fear it would crawl into your head and cause you to go more madder, or as pop would say, ‘as a shit house rat’, which I always tried to picture must have looked running around our old outhouse.

And it was true. All of it. Especial that trail I was watching wondering what it was all about when I was about to feel old Sharman’s eyes on me for he had that way of just looking at you and you knew they’d start their burning if you didn’t get a move on, but at that moment something pulled at me to keep on watching and never mind the pain that would soon start drilling into the back of my neck where I imagined his eyes to be, because why not burn the hid right off a man if he wasn’t working. But that burn never came. At least not on that day. Because Bill wasn’t watching me. He was watching the same thing I was. That dust.

So that was the first time I saw Jane. From afar. Five miles far as it were. When she arrived with Will Butler the only realtor that late morning with the temperature already calling upwards of a hundred and ten, most in the cities guffawed at us with their sly snake smiles saying that such a heat never came from these parts but when they arrived here with their fat sickly white kids sweating the moment stepping from their air-cooled cars, by God they thought having just arrived in the vacation from hell those smart-ass son-bitches, wanted nothing more that high-tail-it back to LA or whatever rock they, not ‘us’ crawled from under, for though they did bring their money which in dire times as these we welcomed with wide open arms hell we weren't that stupid, along came their manners contaminating the land like oil on water of which we ourselves were to blame, came to a halt at the only five-acre tract, then within a couple of minutes turned back heading for town, while both Bill and I still watching could see a small figure walking about the property.

‘Well what the hell,’ was Bill's voice not actually a question and not a statement either breaking the silence for again at that time of the day the sounds of nature hide as the heat climb even higher hitting its normal one-hundred and twenty degree by three in the PM would’ve cooked some folks brains just thinking, would’ve sent them scurrying like desert ants not able in deciding whether that road kill on the black asphalt was well worth dragging in pieces, or wait till nightfall risking the chance it might be taken by some other half-crazed form a nature which only here survived, for anything with any part of a working mind would not live in Mesquite Springs.

I couldn’t tell myself whether what I was seeing was real or only partial, brought on by a craved hangover kicking my head in, or from heat lifting as it does the shimmering waves like some waterless ocean neither moving in any normal sense of an ocean, and therefore might actual be one but hell with what the brain can produce both sober and not who knew I replied, ‘Yep.’ And let it fall at that.

But some might say five miles is pretty far to be seeing anything let alone a woman, however, let’s just say in the stillness of the Mojave Hi-Desert, any movement catches the eye because here, things don’t move unless they have too. And here by this old property, nothing should be moving unless it didn't know it wasn’t supposed to, or, it was plum stupid not staying put in this weather for most of the chores people and done by ten in the morning, till five in the afternoon when little if anything was accomplished, then picked-up again till about eleven when lights out seemed to blanket the entire town either from exhaustion of the days heat, or fast drinking and passing out.

So at the distance, you could see there was something going on which hadn’t for years in this way attention was given. What else were you going to do? This was a highlight. A great moment. But I felt the burn of the sun taking its toll and knew I had other deliveries so I grabbed the hook tight in hand, yanked off the bail to the edge of the tailgate where it balanced from years of experience and with the other hook drove it into the opposite side, spun around and about to carry it into the shed with the others almost knocked Bill over for he was still standing looking like a dog taking a shit, that far away look they often get, and hell maybe we did too if there were mirrors to check with, but I quickly side-stepped around him moving for the shed not wanting to waste any further time on something as this but this ‘was’ something and I knew it, and it was picking at my brain the way that little bastard picks when I want more than one beer. When I want a pool filled with beer, and didn’t give a damn about anything more than that.

Dropping the bail stacking it nicely, I closed the door and heading for the pickup where first looked at the back of Bill who hadn't moved screamed at me to the fact this was big whatever for Bill to simply stand like this was either he’d fallen dead upright, or was at the Round-Up his local watering hole putting a few back, when I heard a sharp crack and you knew what that sound was because there was an awful lot of it, the .22 caliber fired, when another and a third in direct line with the first two sounded and you just knew the lady was already testing the water. 

Turing in the direction indeed the woman could be seen now arms raised horizontal, a slight puff of smoke followed a few seconds delay the crackled mixture and twang a .22 makes and of course the slight echoing off the Pinto Bluff Mountains half surrounding the northern shallow valley Mesquite Springs lays within. 

‘Jesus she aims that way will kill a cactus for sure,’ Bill calmly stated, yet I could hear something else I’d never heard before, something he tried to cover but I knew him well enough seeing sometime we liked the same hole to drink from and did at times till the sun came up and was high noon the following day we’d started that dreadful binge that might well have not been referred to other that ourselves for the number of times we carried on several days drinking so this here was only a rest time seeing our professional attributes as they were or as ‘we’ jokingly referred to them as, never let us slide too far from our roost, and because of that knowing one another enough to note fear in his voice rather than simple statement of which he might have intended, rose up a chill in my own back bone for I’d never know Bill fearful of anything save not enough to get the next round or being called out of an establishment from either too drunk or drank it dry, but sure as the sun is hot in July there was something which caused him a stir asking me the same whether what we were seeing was really there, or if there could be something worse? 

I needn’t looked at Bill nor carried to when I climbed into the truck and in starting that engine held the best distraction I'd experienced in some time and so damn grateful taking me far away from where I’d just been thinking of those pistons pumping, rods shooting, valves opening, gunning her little I put the truck in gear and pulled away put not before Bill stuck his great bear of a hand through the window grabbing my shirt bringing me back to a place I’d do anything to be rid of for just a moment till I could reach under the seat and handle, but not indulge as I never did during work but only wanted to 'feel’ that smooth glass bottle of Southern Comfort for it was the Friday and the end of the week usually brought out the wickedness in me, but right now all I wanted was to hear that bottle open, smell its sweet virginity, and take a long pull to clear the head, but instead only heard another round of .22 chirping off not a ‘real one’ as we always called them for what the hell could a thing as that do, but in the right hands plenty as seen often enough from city folk and their drunkenness firing at anything usually their own eye, but the residence here carried more of a kicking side arms and certainly when hiking a scatter gun of twelve-odd buck spraying any rattler or sidewinder crossing your way, though for most never hunting such only as protection from as locals respected wildlife. At least most did.

I hit the break more out of fear myself than anything seeing it a reflex of sorts which surprisingly was the very opposite for during the war fighting those Japs hopping islands as jackrabbits over the brush we learn real quick never stop your moving, yet here I and Bill both dumb jacks frozen in headlights from some God-awful nightmare we both felt that fear of war return for Bill was in Belgium fighting Germans near frozen hunkered down with only a knife and three rounds from his M1, and I on that black rock of Iwo Jima enough to last us both a hundred lifetimes, waited for the next round listening as the truck idled its soft thumping rocking us both. 

‘I know who that is,’ Bill spoke plain and simple as you often heard a man possessing both directness and certainty, leaving little doubt in mind he wasn’t lying, as he loosened his grip from my shirt backing slowly removing his hand out through the window retreating, wanting simply to be part of the body from which it had grown part of since birth but felt the shaking take hold, nerves giving way to adrenaline having been pumped through the body in massive amounts ready to explode.

I didn’t have to look to know Bill’s hand shock not from lack of drink, but fear, something I’d only seen brought by the first, never the later for what caused that couldn’t have come from here. Not Bill for in a drunken state he only spoke of once while in Bastogne when the Germans advanced they fought with only their knives and teeth while at night the worst came for cloud-cover dropped blackness upon the forest where you couldn’t see the hand before you, but could smell garlic the Germans ate plenty of so you know they were near, and he’d become more animal than man biting, tearing out throats with teeth and hands, seeing the next morning what they were capable of. What they’d been trained to do.

But here was different. Different because you can’t fight it. Because you’d no chance in hell. And we both knew it. I was probably shaking too as I let the clutch out and the truck left the driveway slowly making its way down the hill, but I hadn’t noticed nor wanted as I looked in the mirror watching Bill as he faded still looking in the direction of some horror worst than he'd been through in Europe, the crackle of .22 still bounding off the mountains popping inside my brain it was everything I could do to keep the truck on the dirt road and not floor the pedal aiming straight into various rock outcrops just me and my Southern Comfort smiling all the while ending in a ball of orange flame.

CHAPTER 18: GROWING IN THE DISTANCE

Wide openness. Why wasn’t that important for some Jane wondered only briefly standing hip deep in the fresh soft snow. ‘That’ returned feeling a slight kick the .22 caliber pushed into her shoulder no more of a thought after which bounce around trapped in the mind ambushed into thinking freedom around the corner was theirs like all the rest looking back when her stepfather first taught her to shoot on the farm at the age of ten while sweat built on her upper lip first as damp then ran freely along her body opening to the dry heat when inevitably came to wonder of the moment how alive she felt standing in blistering sun, rifle shots ringing inside both ears, knowing there must be half a dozen locals watching her every move who believed firing weapons wasn’t that far from ordinary but a woman  acting like a man might cause alarm as women in these parts seldom opened up shooting guns especially in the middle of the afternoon as temperatures forced nearly all seeking a cooler place till well after the sun finally set.

And it’s exactly what she wanted, needed having those nosy gossipers in the community catch sight of a recently arrived danger though none knew at the time, they all be dead within a month or dearly so wished, going about their business spreading vile possible from shallow minds like these, false claims of whatever crossed their stingy laden minds for that’s what people with little more than thoughts of themselves do best, and she was meant to rid the area of such for the simple reason they’d interfere with those radio transmissions since nothing in this doomed landscape of a community witnessed first hand every changed her mind of that fact; the place was meant for scorching then blown away in the dry heat which somehow started this entire retched event a hundred years before the pioneers first arrival following favorable winds toward that blue cool ocean they so desperately sought believing paradise felt none the better than dropping into something so vast, yet had they witness from whence brought a hundred years, they’d have surely wished otherwise fearful the lunacy now felt witnessing such ran in their families, or if not then at least cursed to do so, leaving Jane while reloading her rifle with the single thought how the place looked in fifty years.

A near molten spike driven straight down through the center of her brain - that’s what she felt contemplating such a site. This land, in that time, and pleased she wouldn’t be around to see while raising then aimed carefully fired off three more rounds hitting nothing in particular for she wasn’t aiming at anything seeing there’s nothing aiming at except bringing attention to her small five-acre tract cabin and its new lodger, though the pain from that iron went deeper than she’d liked finally settling somewhere in between where her shoulders met the neck, immediately triggered the pit of her stomach where acid festered till those she’d waited for, sought after, breathed less and less up to the time they completely stopped, and all that some years ago unremembered in its exact timing only when she walked close to the dark forests edge did it slam thoroughly one side against another of any consciousness possessed telling her all would be well and simply to lay down, have a sleep, and once rested would then raise and skip off into some twinkling landscape filled with delights of whatever nonsense happen taking hold of young children brought out through nursery tails gone mad, not of the insanity sort, none so clam, rather of fury, and there was plenty of that not of revengeful design but action and effect.

At least that’s what I thought which was weird because I hadn’t an independent thought for years, and it all just sprang in my head like a crazed rabbit jacked up on something more than just regular cactus juice running for dear life but frozen from headlights of a monster rolling down upon it from some God-awful nightmare that wouldn’t let go.  

But I did know what I was feeling and that was even stranger than the thoughts because I didn’t feel much either on account of watering hole tabs taking much of my pay numbing any existence once somehow threaded through a human being succumbed to his own willful and wanton not only demise but of those around him. I was happiest when things were bad for not just myself but damn near everyone as I couldn’t let it by knowing others believed themselves better than the next. 

But there were and I fought desperately against those bastards losing everything including love, or so I thought, and rotten money which brought even more misery for you might as well break a man’s legs as look at him with all the self-righteous bullshit spewing, when all I had to do just take camp in the mountains for a couple of weeks and ‘time out’. But something inside always won out pulling back, reined me in, never letting the choice even come forward having fear I might just survive and come out the other side.

And what the hell why not? Why not go crazy? What was to keep me and who cared so long as I didn’t bother anyone? That was the main idea retreating to Mesquite Springs from Cedar City up in Utah. There if I lost myself I’d end up in jail then institutionalized, but out here, Christ as far as I saw it half the population wasn’t stable at the very least. It was a Godsend except for of course it being too much. Freedom has a way of tricking you into believing what you want so long as you go along for the ride and not complain, but once you open your mouth things change.

There was the fact of course fighting the Japs might have caused some delirium felt, which I took into account, but all of the nonsense happened well before landing on those beaches certainly before watching, participating in actions which shouldn’t, but did occur and you found yourself in not just the middle but wanting desperately to kill as many of those fuckers you could just so to get the hell of the rock they dropped you on telling, ‘This is a cinch, men, you’ll be off in a couple of days,’ when you’re on your third week and no end in sight you wished your father never meet your mother and a great many other things while covered in your own filth and everyone else's you’d come quickly understanding not what hell was because that was obvious you standing in the middle and all, but if you survived this, what then with some of us thinking if we made it out we weren’t the lucky ones by far, we’re the cursed having to carry the fact we survived. Thinking what we’d done over there came later, and the only kind of therapy for that was booze.

But Jane popping off her little toy the way she did sent a clear signal there was more in her then most wanted to know and around here everybody wanted to know everything about anything and you really couldn’t blame them much having not the foresight to see even beyond their own noses was a good thing as most would have been damn dangerous with only half a brain, good God what would they have done with a full one gave me often the shivers thinking how dangerous the area would turn out, so when I heard those light taps of her rifle going off it wasn’t just the obvious but the knocking came into my brain with each little rap fired, not that I’d flashed-back to the war hell that was ever too present, but that of I’d known this all before. 

Of course instincts kicked near sending me over the edge barely kept me driving into strewn boulders and off into dried washes and gullies where recovery would be long and difficult the remaining of my delivery wanting only the stiffest of bourbons possible as soon as completing this escapade of insanity trying to fool no one for they all knew full well my condition giving wide birth when I passed either stumbling or driving, and yet always calling out in humor how it was possible for a person to end up with such a situation as mine, having only done so simply smelling alcohol.

True as in many normal or otherwise surroundings a person has, never fully understanding and perhaps that too being a savior of twisted satire sorts their lives simply a moth close to the web nearly caught yet sensed something permitting escape for a better purpose it hadn’t a clue of, only being alive follying again with unexpected deaths. And I was just that person. For the most part. Especially when the ‘urge’ took hold, as it had when first meeting Jane for I’d known her of course, but didn’t know her as one would think of knowing. 

It started two days after her introduction of .22 marksmanship none viewed more intently than myself as the my truck bolted from one homestead to another dropping off the delivery so quickly my head itself swam in some ocean not experienced since long before this desert grabbed hold sinking its claws relentlessly dragging me around like a hawk with a young rabbit clutched in its talons up one dry gulch to another in search of something I’d lost yet had no idea what as with so many folks met since I could remember all with their dribbling of wasted times and resentful this or that, how they’d been cheated of some treasure destined for their hard work in life and how life had crushed them to death. Jesus Christ, it went on till a person either bolted for the door or calmly pulled a revolver ending both miseries of the dumb bastard squawking so and themselves for being stupid enough to sit there and listen to such shit, because life wasn’t like that except only for the dimwitted, and Lord they were just falling off the tree ripe as all hell, when I slammed on the breaks thinking what in the world was I up to with all this when suddenly my windshield exploded with flying glass in all directions I thought those fuckin’ Japs had finally arrived as I ducked under the dashboard laying still listening with only the trucks engine humming away which unfortunately was still rolling as I’d left it in second not thinking of course to drop her out of gear instead taking instinctual cover from what I was sure around having struck the glass as such an angle causing the shatter as it happened rather than simply a single hole meant it came either from someone who was most skilled at handling their weapon. Or dumb luck. 

I had ventured on the later seeing Jane wasn’t that far off when the second round struck the left front tire immediately slowing the truck from further rolling otherwise I was certain to lay-up in the ditch the Chevy aimed for at twenty-five miles an hour down considerably, but not stopping fully till the third round a second later hit the right tire slowing enough where it finally staled with a great huff extremely thankful the whole wretched affair was at an end.

And then I waited. For what I wasn’t sure other than the usual possibility this was going to be it pinned down in the open with the Winchester still strapped to the back window knowing sure well if I’d try for it my brains would be well splattered throughout the cab.

Nothing better knowing you’re in the shit to wake a person up. And here was going back to that jungle and black sand of Iwo where for three months you knew you were in the deepest shit possible of which no one bothered telling you about beforehand though plenty drill instructors screamed at your laziness or stupidity and good-for-nothing wondering how the hell you’d made it into the United States Marine Corp, but did they ever tell you what you were going to go through on a humid stinking hell hole without water, with extremely limited cover from an enemy  who was ruthless only wanting to eat your liver after skinning you alive then cutting your penis and balls off sticking them in your mouth while you screamed choking on blood and horror? Fuck no they didn’t because if they had the war probably would have turned out different seeing like hell if anybody wanted to fight that shit ten thousand miles away from home, but here you were and goddamn if you didn’t get yourself together then you were as good as one of those cut to pieces soldiers resembling nothing of a man found torture throughout the Pacific, left as tokens of what you’d expect if you moved another inch, or worst; screwed up.

Well all that flashed through my head and there I was again on that miserable beach filled with six thousand other men wondering what the b-Jesus this was all about, and why the hell were we taking so much enemy fire when the Navy shelled this rock for days there shouldn’t have been even a monkey left alive, but weren’t we in for a surprise when we finally took the island how many miles of enemy tunnels and supplies those Japs dug would reshaped the thinking of those generals in Washington also scratching their butts saying ‘HOLY SHIT!! WHO THE HELL ARE THOSE FUCKIN’ JAPS ANYWAY?’

Who the hell did they think? Well, that’s just it. Thinking. Because they didn’t do much of that but send in more men going from island to island digging Japs from holes and when they didn’t come out we just had to go in after them and later got tired of getting killed because they never surrendered so we just burned them out horrible as it was to watch but seeing the consequences there wasn't much else, and here I am stuck in the truck with nothing changed, but that was two days ago and now here I am walking to the post office when entering who would be standing there in line but Jane who watched the door with bright eyes drilling right into a person as soon my foot hit the floor as if expecting me giving me a shudder in my bones with that stare as if to say, ‘Hey ya Charlie. Been waiting.’ 

So here she was no more than an arms distance the small but the muscular, slim though not sheepish looking, long ponytailed jet-black hair attractive girl stood giving me the ‘eye’ as my mama called it when someone stared at you with meaning, not just that casual sort most do, but with intent on business, and what business she had in mind I didn’t care to know still feeling those shards of glass in my thighs and butt I laid in till near dark when I crept out of the truck some five hours latter and walked back into town where upon most asking what the hell happened as the glass cut my face and arms and how could a man surviving the war simply stand here and lay there for such a time, well those asking would surly be dead in the war because unless you absolutely had too, you stayed the fuck put and anyone asking such a stupid question ought to be put on that island for just five minutes and they be clear as a bell with the entire situation as sometimes I found people so goddamn stupid I swear I wonder how they ever learned to breath.

Well Jane meant business but so did I and called her out right there and then not thinking the least the mayor was behind the counter talking with Chet the postal clerk working that morning when I started in, ‘Look here missy,’ speaking calm but with force, ‘You been out there shooting my truck to hell and I want to know what the hell for and if you don’t come clean I’ll break you in two.’

Well, what hen house banter happens when people with little brains and even littler to say get together stopped right away. From what I recall there were maybe a dozen folk standing about some in line, some just there chewing fat that morning and they all turned and looked directly at me and my fresh cuts and bandages bleeding through dark red and I was sure some thought, ‘Christ the war was too much for this one’ but I didn’t give a rats ass because the cost alone for repairs would be some I didn’t have, plus the fact I don’t take lightly to being fired upon. Without good cause at least.

And it was quiet as the humming desert itself wrapped us up taking us out somewhere far dropping us right smack in the middle of nowhere and all there was, was that hum. A hum that started while I went hunting after first arriving in Mesquite in the late afternoon thinking it had cooled enough for the animals, especially the large jackrabbits, to take flight and move about. But I was new to the ways of this wild landscape and rarely did anything happen just after sunset due to the heat and nocturnal activities about to take place for Jacks were most active in the morning, so there I was with a straw hat at least and water but little shade. That’s when the humming began. 

I thought it was because of the heat. But it wasn’t. I thought it was because I hadn’t eaten for a good eight hours. But it wasn’t. I thought I was insane from it all. That might well be, but the hum was from something different later learned. It came softly at first growing in the distance and soon approached but not in a deafening way, nor violent. It simply arrived as would a car on a dirt road. The only difference was you didn’t know it was a car because you being blind and you’ve never seen a car but you’ve heard one and this you've heard coming along time ago.

And when it finally pulled up next to you the silence it bought, that most stillness ever, causing ears to hurt from such silence where only could be heard the workings of your own mind. 

It was that same hum I heard in the post office that very moment. Nothing moved. I’d swear even the clock stopped if only I looked but my brain running on some fuel itself created because nothing else seemed to do the job, sparked that internal alarm telling you something was going to happen and you’d better be damn ready but oh how that hum grew where you could feel vibrations all around you, your ears swelled with it, and taste the raw sensation of yourself becoming alive. 

And then I made the mistake of stepping forward toward Jane.

I heard the click but wasn’t sure whether the sound came from the left behind her or directly next to her but there was a metallic tick I heard all to often and knew it was the hammer of a weapon pulled back. With the hum, I’d no idea the exact location. I’d know idea time slowed. Slowed to the point I was moving much faster than possible at least that’s what they said afterward which accounted for the military training and subsequent intense experience of warfare placing a person beyond their own normal capacities. Though when spoken with afterward they all looked at me more queerly than usual, while fear slowly oozed from their skin to the point the stench was almost unbearable and I had to turn away.

But not Jane. In all those four seconds she remained right there watching me, turning just as I but of which none noticed her eyes followed the crazed man having just entering their humble but federal grounds of a united postal system all steep with pride in, right after myself, who stopped just off to left of the mayor raised his arm holding a snub-nosed pistol and fired.

CHAPTER 19: THIS PERSON CAN SEE

The man wasn’t tied because he was too old and they didn’t fear him. Their thinking similar to the glow from a distance approached in a slowing moving car. The city was there, but its distance wasn’t known making it worse the glow was several hilltops away, of which their exact number wasn’t known either. There could also be said The Three were blind to anything but the obvious and either didn’t care of knowing anything else or seeing due to their inability as they were already dead, allowed an argument fester which being the more important, knowing or seeing trouble those wanting the answer, but not having the patients, soon gave up moving on to greater riches in their eyes yet their world was dark so it was very difficult to see.

The Three already knew, but wanted anyway to hear their own voices so they kept asking the old man questions he’d told them the answers years before, but they’d forgotten this seeing their own intentions grew to the point they couldn’t talk with anyone least one another because they lost the skill of looking directly into another persons eyes while talking they being too busy with those intentions; those dreams; those fixed ideas; those fears, so they kept asking.

The old man grew tired from all the questions. After a while he laid down and fell into a deep sleep. The Three continued asking him but he didn’t answer. They left the old man and began searching for Another who would give them answers. The Three knew when they found the person because they had a mark on them just as the old man. One of The Three also had a mark, but not the same. It was mark to say, ‘This person can see,’ and those knowing this mark knew this person could see into their hearts. They were afraid of the One because if you could see into another’s heart you knew all things of this person and those the person knew not just fears, ideas, dreams, and intentions, but beyond.

The Three searched far and long. They questioned many, but none knew, nor held the mark themselves causing great hatred among and in The Three till they could stand one another no longer and began fighting amongst themselves. When The Three grew bored of their angers and stopped half the world lay in flames, while the remaining rejoiced watching their arguments. 

Then the old man woke and called out. But there was no reply to this. He called again, and still not an answer. Then the old man turned away becoming silent.

Much time passed with The Three growing more powerful from their burnt world but angry they had not taken the unburnt world because they were sure what they sought would Appear there because the one with the mark had seen this but could not enter which they did not first burn so the One with the mark said, ‘We will send a message’ and they began building a way to the unburnt world.

When all was complete they called to the unburnt world but careful in not telling who they were saying only what they knew what the unburnt world wanted to hear. But because the burnt world lack of working together took ages building the machine they’d forgotten what language the unburnt spoke.

This made The Three even more angry so much so the One with the mark reached through into the other world taking form of their own learning their language and then returned.

With the machine built the One with the mark spoke to the unburnt side telling them of a new world full of riches they must explore and gave instructions how to find the way where they could live a much better life.

The unburnt world sent several of their best explorers along the path given by the marked One to see for themselves and report back for they were a very cautious group hearing such a place when all they knew was their own world wondering how another existed.

When the explorers sent word back they arrived and all was indeed what the marked One said, more joined including experts concluding it was all very true and to send everyone knowing they wanted the richer life as soon as possible so the One sent a map marking points where much greater population could enter thereby speeding their arrival.

It was perfect plan and soon The Three knew they would control everything.

But something happened that changed that. 

Not everyone believed in the burnt world, though few, they were convinced it was all a trick and  volunteered to travel the burnt world reporting back to their fellow unbelievers secretly.

So a few of the unbeliever left for the burnt world, and were never heard from again.

And when only silence came the unbelievers destroyed the markers closing both worlds.

But that’s not all correct.

The unbelievers did contact the unburnt world, but their message was kept secret because it told the truth of what was really happening in the burnt world.

For ages the secret was kept till just at the very moment a girl swung her baseball bat.

CHAPTER 20: SEVEN FOREVER

‘I’ll pull off your arm and beat you over the head with the bloody end,’ is what my mama said when she was angry with us not bothering much on politeness either saying such in the ‘Denton Five-n-Dime’ store clear so others could hear and for the most part she’d not be corrected for doing so because my brother and I deserved it in all fairness and the fact she’d already raised my two other boys Stephan and Bobby thirteen years older making both Anthony seventeen months older than I, and myself a surprise seeing they thought their child-rearing days were in the past and I being the youngest, simply sent both them over the edges of their sanity.

No one in town, that being Mesquite Springs after moving from Cedar City when I was three, questioned my mother and her no-nonsense ways of conforming four wild boys producing at least three that were decent, with Bobby, achieving his doctor degree in education only to die later from pneumonia at the age of forty-nine devastating both my parents while Anthony and Stephan nearly twins in their own right with Anthony so taking after our oldest brother in such fashion driving my mother crazy thinking hell there’s going to be another, left myself destine for a stricter way choosing the military especially since the war was on, volunteering for the Marines as I didn’t want to fight Nazis across the entire landscape of Europe. But had I known what the Pacific was with the Japs, I’d think twice, especially after listening to a couple of veterans passing through having beer who fought the Germans and lived to tell what Bastogne in Belgium was that frozen winter of ’44 like. These two didn’t know I was a Marine 
on Iwo Jima letting them talk over a couple of drinks before they drove off toward Los Angels, and I was glad in a way though being on those islands with their humidities and infections causing the skin turn so many different colors you didn’t know it was possible, an enemy that practically never surrenders fighting with such hatred of which you could find only when it stuck a bayonet in you, compared to the freezing conditions the soldiers endured that winter in Europe, well for me I’d stick with the Pacific, but then many would argue on both sides as to which had it worst, yet from any point being in war it didn’t matter; simply the act was enough to change a person. 

And that was the worst. That change it did.

Though born in Utah we moved spending nearly all mine and Anthony’s youth in Mesquite Springs driving most crazy with our antics which of course we found best but others wanted to ring our scrawny necks. Maybe it was the openness with the deep blue sky, blinding white clouds and in summer the blistering heat that pealed the skin right off you literally turning you dark with a rich bronze tan. It seemed built just for us where running screaming your head off with the closest neighbor three miles not a care hooped and hollering till exhausted was the norm, perfect in every single way, that it didn’t matter the soles of your feet were leather from going barefoot or sand was always falling from your hair because you wrestled all the while thinking you were either on the prowl or being hunted. You were king of the vast wilderness. You were seven forever because that’s when it all kicked-in realizing anything was possible.

But you grew up and it all changed. Moving back after the war trying to find some sense of it all with long walks in the solitude which thank God there was a lot of, you crossed many roads took many turns establishing your own way, where none could trouble you unless you wanted that or deserved its reckoning, either way, you had a hold of life and managed with it the best you could.

Then Jane arrived. 

Though she was thin with her long black ponytails, everyone knew she was of mixed blood but none exactly thinking more often than not it was Mexican, when the truth came out she was Cherokee there were town folk who shunned from her thinking that kind was even worse than those south of the border, that being on the reservation was best and certainly not mixing with the whites causing all sorts of problems especially if they had children together.

Limited education was the greatest crime I always thought and here being the most profound example as prejudice comes mostly from not really understanding the situation so a person will cast their vote and be done with whatever they think their doing even if it means not knowing what exactly they themselves are ‘doing’ just to keep ahead of whatever is chasing them and more likely than not it is their very self causing all the ruckus which they know of and don’t care so long as they can stay ahead.

‘Stay ahead’. You almost had to cry if it wasn’t so damn funny thinking the statement through. ‘Stay’ meaning to hold position; ‘ahead’, that of the future. So how could you get to the future if you had to stay put? But we clambered and even killed to get ‘stayed ahead’ let alone remain there. 

So then what? Keep moving? 

Madness because a person grew relentless themselves always busy but getting nowhere trying to reach ‘stay ahead’ land as if it was better than heaven without rule or shame.

It was something in Jane that never existed and I could see the first time we met probably never would. It was unfortunate as I’d love talking with her in more detail how she herself felt about such ambitions, if the gun in the post office hadn’t gone off the way it did leaving us to watch one another while chaos took hold of the entire situation and who knew what happens next probably was another ‘worst of it’ people tried desperately their entire lives trying to understand, when the answer for most was staring them plain in the face.

It was in a way simpler than any other life one might want. What held you back mostly came from yourself, so when whining and whimpering began I was off because I simply couldn’t stand it even as a kid, even worse after the war because there whimpering had depth but here, it was self-induced for the most part and that’s what I hated most those with such but kept on complaining about God knows what just to hear their own voice. Christ, you wanted to slap their stupid heads so till they couldn’t see straight and start all over again because there wasn’t really any reason to go on with what stood there gawping at you any more than was there the time of day given to the dumb bastards because they weren't able seeing either.

Then the post office shooting changed everything, not in the way you might think just because the mayor was killed at almost point blank by someone none knew, never having seen before, then simply turned and walked out the door into oblivion which was the only explanation since it was I and two other men after him through that same door just two seconds behind him but when we stepped out onto the sidewalk there wasn’t a sole and with all the commotion going on inside from panic and trying to save the mayor who obviously was beyond any of that seeing half his head was on the wall behind him, no one other than the three of us gave chase and were left standing outside looking every which way possible the man could have gone, and I knew right then there was more at work here though never told anyone just so as to keep from being even further looked at as a wild-eyed veteran the war got its hooks into too deep, and kept still acting like the guy must have slipped through brush down the gully opposite the road, which we three investigated but from that point again turning looking expecting to see the person, there were a number of ways someone could have escaped and in moment we all agreed it was best for the law seeing he was armed and returned to the scene awaiting us of pure insanity at least for the two fellas with me for they’d never seen someone shot before and left in such a state.

But before turning to head back over the road, back to the post office, I saw something the others must have missed for they kept right on going and had I known what it was I’d probably head straight for the bar and done one right this time by actually drinking myself to death because I’d had enough of all the lunacy for one life. 

But that’s how things work saving you for another day, not letting you see the full picture because it would damage you so, just like the brain telling you what you’d just seen wasn’t possible, just like those first moments on Iwo and the other battles, your mind simply shut down trying to keep itself safe, and was only good a moment because those images kept on coming till they drilled so deep into whatever soul was left in you, you knew you’d always be broken no matter what.

No more than maybe twenty yards off into the scattered brush the field from the road opposite the post office dropped into a shallow gully where we agreed the criminal must have run down toward and made his escape but beyond that’s where I noticed a piece of nature that just didn’t look right. Same as patrolling jungle bush you developed an eye seeing the difference of what nature was and wasn’t, particularly if the enemy were hiding behind some bunker they’d dressed up with palm branches and bush. And here looking outward into that open desert there sure wasn’t nature I’d known not that there was a bunker, no nothing in such a way but there was something making my skin tighten as it did just before you were attacked or attacked yourself. Something not right. Hell all of us had it after a while it wasn’t anything that special except the fact you sensed it more so then ‘saw’ anything because if you saw it, well that meant you were probably goin’ die in the next moment being too close to the enemy. 

And here I was seeing. Seeing something I was too close to and shouldn’t. Many men were killed ambushed that very second they realized they shouldn’t be doing what they were, but what the hell could you do? It wasn’t like you could get back on the landing craft that dropped you off. There was no way off these islands. Even those killed roamed searching for a way passing through into heaven or whatever they believed. Hell, you had to fight and there weren’t any two ways but living and dying. Those were your only choices. But at least you had that.

My choice that moment staring into that desert were either retreat with the other two or wait for whatever was coming to come. And I was more inclined to get moving when the desert changed, waved as it does when the heat builds looking like a sheet of water on a hot road. This was just like that. Just like ones seen a million times before so what made this different? It hummed.

A sound came from it like your brain ringing in the middle of nowhere because there wasn’t any sound so the mind created some to keep it company else fear of going insane. That type of sound the kind that rises and lowers in a way without you noticing but suddenly do when there’s something familiar like a foot being dragged over a gravel road, the one you dreamt for years but could never get close, the one started before you could ever remember. Anything. But that foot. Dragging along even when you hide under the sheets hoping if you didn’t move, whatever out there wouldn’t see you. So you laid still as death all night. And it saved your life more than once on patrol while the enemy stood right next to you for half the night without even knowing you were there you being a tree and all, even when others around you had their throats slit because they’d moved a fraction and the enemy heard, but not you because you’d had the training to hide under those bed sheets sweating, not even daring to breath holding your breath before you were how old? Three? Four?

Yea you were trained all right. But not the kind they trained you in. You’d been looked over in a different way and in that, got something a little different when something opened and came out. And it was looking right at me as I stood on that roadside. 

CHAPTER 21: UP TO THE BREAKERS 

‘What was the clue something is very different here? Why just right in this exact spot. This time. My parent's meeting. Have sex. I’m born. Grow-up, all leaving me to stand here looking into a field of dry brush to forever no more than three feet tall. What was the moment that brought all that together - before my own parents birth, and before them even? 

What?

Random role of some dice a ten thousand years before or maybe longer. Who the hell knew and better why even think about it because right now with the sun burning into my scalp the thought started to fade like water spilled on the asphalt road evaporating, shrinking to a nothingness just like my own foolish hopes of a better tomorrow when I was too stupid just to be happy with what I had today.

And as the shimmer closed off with a slight haze I stood wondering not in what I’d just seen, but what was beyond. 
Into that blur.

There were screams with sirens growing of the police bringing a person back from any place they’d rather escape to because after all isn’t that what dreams, night or day are, that confusion between wake and not, their struggle against each other, a constant battle with what end more so than not never allowed, yet here it all seemed to play out the chaos behind developing further into something I’d probably never understand with something right in front of me I somehow did.

And Jane knew as well. 

That was my feeling. Hell probably the town felt the same now seeing she being who she was a half-blooded teacher at the local high school from Minnesota for Christ sakes all the way down here couldn’t have in a way been two extremes wrapped together more tightly if they weren’t born with the same heart, and worst of all started to have feelings for her before I’d even seen her in the post office but couldn’t put any finger on the meaning seeing I’d myself become that stupidity I often saw in others asking whether they knew they were alive.

About that time the police pulled up and I turned walking slowly to the insanity awaiting its newborn entrance into an already crazed world to fully take hold when the two others having gazed hopefully out into that vast sea of creosote bush reported whoever shot the mayor had disappeared into, caused those among the community including law enforcement to wonder just what the hell was going on with their once calm community where nothing ever happens, my attention yanked itself down to the dirt directly there two feet away as something flashed from the bright sun for a second catching my eye.

Not hesitating I stepped toward it knowing what it was before I reached down seeing it as coin partial buried shining as if newly polished, recognizing it though different from anything I’d seen before that being there was gold in its center.

Moving some of the sand away I the coin showed itself in more detail and I first thought I’d struck it rich with its golden center now showing the full size. Picking up the coin to look more closely seeing there was writing indeed not English for I knew no American coin having gold nor one from Canada thinking for a moment it might be from there, I noticed the tall lettering, REPUBLICA DE BOLIVIA stamped circular in the silver part of the coin with some sort of shield stamped in its gold center. Thinking where the hell Bolivia was I flipped the coin over to read UNION ES LA FUERZA in the silver part of the coin, and the center saying 5 BOLIVIANOS then lost my train of thought when I read the date; 2004.

Part of me knew believed this all fit with the mayor being shot, the person escaping into thin air, and a coin from another country issued fifty years from now just laying right where I’d find the damn thing. The other part of me started screaming. Very loudly and with great panic knowing what I held in my hand couldn’t possibly be. But here we were. 

It wasn’t bad enough the sun cracking by skull open cooking whatever was inside because it surly wasn’t a brain, since the one I’d been born with was long gone having ran away partially on the black sand lava beach with water turning red both filled with blood and body parts ten years earlier, it’s other remaining part just got up and left the moment I read the date leaving only an empty void where the screaming started simply whispering something I wasn’t really sure of, growing louder making it more difficult to understand with all the bullshit happening from crying townsfolk trying to reassure one another thankful they’d been sparred the bullet purpose securely thankful it was someone else being shot, while police and more of the community descended onto the scene, the locals questioning what the fuck just happened and how could they have missed such a moment secretly jealous those having witnessed the sight could talk about it for years to come stretching it which ever way possibly, while the law thinking Christ what a mess meaning not one to clean-up except their own shit because this was a state appointed official just having his brains blown out meaning state law would get involved meaning they’d come down here have a look-see which would turn bad for local incompetent enforcers simply because they truly were some of the stupidest people I’d ever seen and a wonder how in Gods name could they have passed those exams giving them a weapon along with the authority to use it scurrying around like chickens without their heads, still wasn’t my greatest concern or the screaming my own mind rammed into my brain, but what I saw just past the coin I held growing on the grown right where I’d plucked from the ground, as if pulling out some sort of rubber plug came pitch blackness ooze out flowing slowly but with determination like a snake wanting to strike and not afraid as it chased after your foot desperate to sink its fangs deep into your soft calf pumping venom immediately starting to rot your blood and tissue, slowly giving my mind time needed of which could only be said in all that thick dark fluid shined as it did with the sun looking as if the earth itself bled, was your best seat to watch and of course the fact it didn’t scare the hell out of me most was only the half because what came out of that black sludge, ‘THAT’ is what tore the skin right off my face as I stood watching it rise up taking the form of resembling human, but not exactly. But damn close.

It was a woman that’s for sure seeing her breasts shapes as they were not more than five-ten because I was that height, or maybe now somewhat shorter seeing the body will naturally duck-down when faced with something from the unknown looking extremely dangerous, yet here we were this naked, shiny, black, oiled, female looking eye-to-eye with a guy who must have looked like hell because that very moment I felt right in the center of some storm about to erupt opening  those gates where the devil himself would walk through saying with the widest most promising smile, ‘Where’s the bar?’

But it never got that far because as the long thin muscular shaped arm reached out from the now an almost perfectly shaped woman I’d ever seen though bald still gave a shock with her intense beauty I reached out wanting to touch her waist, wanting to wrap my arm around her, pull her close feeling her firm body against my own, wanted that embrace more than life itself for which I would easily give up just for that feeling she offered feeling her pull at me then suddenly felt a sharp sting across the right side of my face and an intense pain in my hand which I’d forgotten held the coin causing me to immediately open whereby the coin dropped to the ground and at the same instant struck the dry dirt the woman was gone leaving me swaying in disbelief looking slowing down at the blood dripping from my hand which now had a knife stuck into the meaty part of my palm.

I remember my mouth moving but heard nothing as I watched drops of dark crimson spill onto the ground, I also remember in a flash the knife was pulled out and I saw a small hand quickly pull up my arm placing it against my chest which now breathed slow and deep trying to grab as much as possible recalling when I’d been shot in my left arm on Iwo the same labored breathing the body trying to releasing the mind itself from the grasp of pending shock about to take hold, storing as much oxygen in the brain as possible because when shock arrived it would swallow up every part of a person without thinking twice having a hunger like nothing else in this world, but what was here, what I’d just seen wasn’t from this place at all and that was a fear I’d never experienced seeing it was one thing fighting the Japanese, but something entirely another what came out from that dry dirt.

The small girlish hand quickly wrapped a cloth around the wound now dripping along the inside of my wrist down past the cuff of my shirt into the sleeve where I imagined it would turn cold because its warmth had gone and all I could feel was the cold trail it left with was just the opposite you'd feel the arm blood run cold normal from an injury as it left the body, but here was different being the blood in my body felt already cold, and I realized shock was already playing its game with me doing tricks fooling a personal viewpoint on what they thought they saw compared to whether actually did see what they thought or not, and here is when in the corner of my eye I saw dark red and dark blue plaid shirt jump into my mind being the same Jane wore in the post office, then turning my head slowly toward that shirt the noise erupted in my ears of the goings ons that had fallen away the moment I picked up the coin which the brain forgot or simply refused to hear causing a tunnel vision of the mind focusing so intently on a situation allowing nothing to enter, which snapped open like can of cold bear letting gas and smells out, so too was it just that moment in the field I stood with a small girl still wrapping my hand with the knife she’d used stuck between her teeth almost causing me to laugh as it looked so comical the blade smearing my quickly drying blood on her cheek as if some movie had come to life right here, till I looked in her eyes and everything changed as it normally would when you saw real fear mixed with complete understanding.

The dizziness felt waved over as would when laying on the beach and the surf pushes tumbling your body as it used to when my family went to the beach which I think looking back some three times till high school when we didn’t go anymore after that. Spending nearly all the day in the water caused your mind to swing when you laid down on the sand having a rest before tackling the waves again all the way till bed where you were so exhausted from the swimming and chocking on sea water having bodysurfed your way up to the breakers where their thunder and windblown from the wave action pounded you down pushing you along the bottom scraping knees and shoulders felt only hours later because you were too busy trying to master the whole surfing thing while not chocking too badly on sea water swallowed coughed up through throat and nose laughing the whole while because something deep inside whispered, 'this was as good as it was gonna get so live it up' and you tore back into the sea as if your life depended on it screaming at the ocean for more and to never let it stop. It was the most fun and the closest I ever came to my brothers and it was a sadness felt but one of gratitude having shared though none of us said that as we packed up the car and headed back to the dry desert each knowing secretly what the other felt, and it was just the same feeling the pounding of unseen waves as they pushed me into some other world then releasing me back into this one where I could breathe again while staring into Jane’s eyes with both sadness and thankfulness she was there. Otherwise, I’d probably have a hard time persuading myself when the light was turned out that everything would be fine.

CHAPTER 22: COFFEE AND TEA

‘I first heard the message without understanding anything other than a few words through the static, but I was sure the sense and from there able to put together a rudiment line on the meaning.’ So Jane told me.

‘That’s why I was at the post office,’ she continued then paused a moment.

I’m glad she did because I was still unnerved from the events itself at the post office and in the field which after all those having been questioned by the police later allowed to get the hell out of there a full three hours after the murder wasn’t really all that strange what she said next.

‘And that’s why you were there too,’ she finished looking at me wondering if my brain was altogether there. 

We’d driven out to her five-acre shack in my truck listening to nothing but the wind my hand aching but glad to see the town gradually move away in the rearview mirror and thought a moment what it would be to just keep on going, just drive right the hell out of there and into new life, but must have dozed off because the next thing I remembered was coming to a halt in front of her door and in ten minutes pulled up the only two chairs she had up to the table and had a very strong cup of coffee while she was drinking some sort of tea made herself from collected shrubs around the shack which she offered but under the circumstance I decline thinking it might be best just staying with what you know and I didn’t know Jane so I hadn’t planned on staying any longer than necessary, when I got to thinking how it was a mind shuts something off just as I knew I’d driven out here but there were some blank areas as to its accomplishment.

I’d had this before as most people do not remember they did one thing or another, they talked with this person or that, and here that drive seemed not a usual twenty minutes as it would, though it was guessed as I’d not been to Jane’s house before, but only a few moments and here we were bang in the middle of her one-room place and I couldn’t think of a thing to say till it shot from my mouth as if on fire.

‘So you stick me with your knife and slapping me in the face all because you heard a message, not clear mind you, telling you to be at the post office on that particular time and day. And,  you would help me not being taken to some other ‘place’. Have I got that square?’ saying calmy all in a matter of fact way, now my turn watching to see if she'd react this way or another while she sat gazing at me holding the cup just under her lips blowing over the brim cooling the steam away, all very slowly giving me the idea I was played. That this was all simply a game.

It’s what she told me as we walked from the post office to my truck in whispers and not saying another word till we arrive at her place all of which I can’t clearly remember the entire trip, probably because the story seemed insane from a childlike girl who at times seemed completely the opposite just as when seeing that look in her eyes with that knife bitting down on it so, a look I’d seen a thousand times before from men who were desperate to live another moment who'd do anything to keep breathing but knew it could well be their end, yet never from a young girl, then suddenly the switch to a soft youthful shapely woman which if you looked at with the right kind of eyes wanted nothing more then find an explanation for her own maddening world. 

It wasn’t a question so much myself trying to understand what happened the last four hours and what the hell was in this coffee because it sure was damn good, and why at times when I looked at Jane she seemed more beautiful then the last time I looked not being more than a couple of seconds because I couldn’t take my eyes off her for anything longer, and why was there a blanket coving something in the corner on a table, when Jane spoke almost making me jump out my shoes for what reason I could only guess she’d read my thoughts which caused me to think if she did that she’s known I was thinking how attractive she was and God help me if I should let my mind any further wonder.

‘Shortwave radio I pick up the messages on. Blanket keeps the dust off. I’ll show you,’ flat-toned almost in a whisper she uttered forcing my brain to work a little harder trying to hear, causing me to think who else is out in the middle of nowhere she didn't want listening in to this conversation, and with that she smiled slightly not with her mouth but from her eyes allowing some glint of happiness perhaps relieved to do something other than sit and wonder if the man across the table was insane or simple in his head, which as far as I recollected would be true on both accounts.

Taking her time, rising from the table her eyes never leaving mine, walking slowly to the blanket removed carefully with care using only the one hand the other still holding the hot tea showed as the blanket cleared its covering where indeed light dust floating off that being the main problem with the desert the amount of finely powdered dirt with its knowledge of moving even growing, as some locals mentioned, into most places no matter size or shape, but when I saw all the electronics mounted on the table I was shocked at how perfectly without a grain of sand anywhere, and couldn’t help but let my mind free in thinking this wasn’t possible with just a simple blanket. That something more was a work here. 

I wanted a better look so I stood, walked over to the table and noticed the floor was spotless from even the faintest of fine grain sand which always was on the move losing itself through any place it found especially in a place such as this which you could easily see light through the entire depraved wooden structure and this was day, where I questioned what would show if at night a light passed before the shack undoubtedly reveal a greater number and wider openings allowing a practical dust bowl to form right on the floor, which did indeed show itself for there was certainly grit throughout the wooden floorboards. But under the table, not one grain.

Was it the heat, my hand throbbing from its wound, the day itself, maybe all but I felt those waves returned of the cool sea water and suddenly all I wanted was to lay down, and in that last step almost reaching the table when my weight gave way with the knees buckling and down I went just clearing the table for if it was another few inches I’d have surely split my forehead wide open when fortunately through instinct I threw my left arm out breaking the fall otherwise I’d have gone flat on my face.

With what energy remained I pushed off the floor rolling onto my back looking up at the ceiling of something built before I was even born made of wood brought from probably Oregon because out here there wasn’t much, and why I wondered this I still haven’t a clue but it was the only thing in my mind as I saw Jane bend over the electronics of her shortwave radio turning dials as the hissing grew along with the humming from all that equipment which some I’d seen before in the Marines and some looked pretty odd before I hadn’t noticed which was odd because usually I would’ve picked up on something so peculiar as spinning wheels and a fan the size of a truck tire spinning slowly above the whole contraption, but while we were sitting there drinking our coffee and tea none of that I’d swear was there.

But what did it really matter now with my throat drying just as the desert outside pulled all the moisture from anything entering it like some giant straw sucking at life, and I suppose that might be appealing to some who needed it, some veterans especially after the First War where the Germans used mustard gas burning out lungs and boiling eyes, this place must seem like heaven, just what the doctor ordered because the dry climate took the moisture from the lungs of those men allowing them to breath easier so after it was all over many settled in the desert regions trying at least to have some comfort in what remained for some of their drastically shortened life, and here looking up at the ceiling with one eye the other watching Jane worked her dials wearing now a headset seemingly ignorant the state I was, could’ve been one of those men trying for breath, rasping and wheezing as if my lungs were old and used up or had indeed suffered those gas attacks, when slowly from the outer reaches of my brain the panic started to creep in.

At first I was trying to understand what happened and what was going to happen which of course wakens the panic monster who normally is fast asleep but can suddenly and usually with little notice get up and start moving around causing all kinds of trouble just as a monkey with too many buttons to push not knowing what to do next but simply standing in one stop wasn’t going to do, so the monkey kept moving instinct driving it telling better not stand still otherwise the giant tiger is going to tear you apart, so of course the poor monkey now in full swing of adrenaline and God knows what probable just wanting to get back to that jungle it was so content in passing through its brain keeps on jumping around for dear life till exhaustion drops it dead, while just as same the brain working overtime like a maddened monkey keeps trying desperately to understand the situation nothing works not because it doesn’t understand, but because it refuses to calm down, because if you can't calm yourself well you might as well just walk over the cliff because you’re headed there anyway, most likely at full tilt.

And here we were my monkey brain racing around trying to figure the way back to its jungle without the slightest chance of doing so unless I get a hold and shut off certain things which I couldn’t change, at least that’s what helped in the past so why shouldn’t it today, and just as I shut my eyes, begin closing areas in my mind while taking slow breaths I felt the softness of something on my ears and the sounds from the shortwave stopped. All there was, was the whining sound my brain makes in relative silence which I’d grown accustomed too in part from the war and shattering noises it produced damaging the eardrum, and either the hottest part of the day when I’d be delivered orders up in the tracts above town when even insects hide from blistering heat and stand a moment out in all the middle of it listening to a silence I prayed for as did many of us in times of war, just to stop a moment the bombardments, of weapons fired constantly, of men screaming orders or of being torn apart laying in pieces wanting deliverance just to stop all of it for one funcking moment, and here I stood looking down into a small community meaning well but mostly of misfits and morons and somehow was at peace with it all. Hell, after all, I'd seen, who wouldn’t? 

Then the whispering came. I heard far away someone talking but couldn’t understand what they were saying. At first I tried opening my eyes but they weren’t obliging closing a moment or so after turning onto my back, so I relaxed thinking it must be a dream that I’d fallen asleep and let whatever was happening roll over me just like those waves on the beach, and as I did I heard Jane’s voice very clear as if right next to me speaking.

‘Relax and listen. It’s important that you relax. Just breath slow and easy and you’ll be fine. There is a message for you here. Try to remember as much as you can. The message is only for you. When it's over you’ll feel very tired. Have a rest don’t force yourself to move or even think. Just relax. If you understand what I’ve just said squeeze my hand.’

There was coolness to her touch I’d never felt in a woman for most were warm, but Jane’s hand had something else as it slide into mine. I don’t know and didn’t try to figure it as she held my hand tightly waiting for the response. For a moment I thought doing nothing and wait to see what happened, but then I felt her thumb massaging the top part of my hand in a way coaxing a response, or maybe just giving comfort, her manner enforcing a sense of desire that I needed to hear what the message was and to please focus on all of this. I squeezed her hand in reply, she immediately released it and I felt another touch of her on my forehead as a mother would taking a temperature wondering if their child was sick, as this time it didn’t seem as before one from compassion, but rather back to business. Then it was gone and I felt the heat of the air return alarming me as to how cool her touch indeed was.

First, there wasn’t anything other than my brains high pitch whistle. I laid still breathing slow thinking of Jane’s touch hoping that would calm me down but didn’t, in fact causing the opposite realizing I’d become aroused, excited and the warmth in my crotch increased rapidly wherein a moment I was sure I had a hard-on bulging from my near worn-out trousers. Part of me wanted her to see this, see I was attracted to her, see what she did to me, but another part wanted to crawl out of there, not from shame then the message started and the panic monster screamed.

CHAPTER 23: MIGHT JUST HEAR

‘It’s not Russian,’ a man spoke intently listening with a rather large earphone wrapped around his head under a moon shaped lamp casting intense white light on the desk he sat hunched over allowing anything beyond it very difficult, if not impossible to see. ‘It’s coded that’s certain,’ he added a moment later his eyes closed head down held between his hands. Two supervisors stood their heads vaguely visible above the light on each side clipboards in-hand waiting for anything worth noting when he spoke again, ‘Nothing from our side.’ This time the two pencils from the supervisors sprang simultaneously dancing across the paper both men writing, both men wearing the same white lab coats, for the most part, looked identical and might have been if it weren't for one having hazel colored eyes and the other very dark brown, but there was a third man in the room out beyond the reaches of the light entirely sitting legs crossed patiently listening in an impeccable white three-piece suite who had rather intensely blue eyes matching his necktie held in place with a small brilliant yellow-gold rhinestone tie tack, whose sharpness contained perfectly behind gold rimmed glasses that too matching the rhinestone, his jet black cane with bright silver handle rested comfortably within the man’s right hand as he spun it slowly between his thumb and forefinger its silver tipped base never making a sound as it revolved perfectly vertical on the old concrete floor, was not the least interested in what the men were doing rather what would happen in a very short time with a man between the two standing, when indeed with a start the man sprang to his feet yanked the phones with a violent jerk, and snapped his head back where immediately vomit jetting from his mouth in an upward stream fountain two feet at least then abruptly dropped to the floor where he laid silent only after a moment of extrem contorted movements while the two supervisors and their pencils never faltering the note taking covered in the man’s thick brownish retch which having rained upon them and their clip boards nevertheless simply stepped back from the body wrote a moment then exited the room closing the door behind them.

The room filled immediately with a foul stench from both puke and excrement for the man died in violent convulsions defecating his beige colored trousers but in all the laid still without the slightest movement perfectly so except for the twitching of his left foot which the man with the gold-rimmed glasses noted raising his eyebrow slightly then stood leaving the room gracefully in long confident strides.

No sooner had the door closed on the opposite side of the room another open permitting two men holding a stretcher with a blanket on top dressed in grey colored overall without distinctive markings of any sort, walked directly to the dead man placing the stretcher next to him they proceeded of which they lifting him onto leaving the same door they entered without a word or any manner other than complete professionalism, that or they carried the least of what they were doing. 

Had they moved closer toward the dead man's headphones they might have heard a voice through which the message was still spoken, soft yet louder than a whisper though often confused with Russian it wasn’t for an expert would have insisted it being old eastern Slavic, while another stated Tajiki Persian from Tajikistan, or French. Even English. This being the eighth such test whose incident ending exactly as those previous indicating the message through the headset matched whatever listeners mother tongue is spoken or fluency where prominent. 

But that wasn’t always true. During one of the first ‘sessions’ the listener heard several different languages they knew and some they hadn’t, while several they had no idea their origin, plus the fact static laid throughout the transmission increased difficulty even when attempts to filter and adjustments made reduce some still left listeners with little but what they translated actually amounted to thirty percent. Until the accident.

Private companies were made aware of a transmission in German the American military outpost in Sitka, Alaska received in nineteen seventy-eight, stating Hitler and his pursuits in nineteen-forty. It also made reference to Hitler and his pursuits in nineteen seventy-two. And nineteen ninety-one.

The message clearly stated Germany hadn’t won the war outright, but sided with Russia in a deal granting both equal powers should they unit against and defeat the Allied forces. Which they did. 

This, thinking a hoax, grew very confusing for the American’s especially when the receiver of the message US Air Force specialist Sergeant W.F. Tarmon monitoring at the time high-frequency highly classified transmissions between Nicaragua and Cuba pinged the sender asking for verification call signs using a top-secret coding sequence which the sender would then reply, for Tarmon believed he was talking with a covert operation in Nicaragua which there were many of, and that Hitler along with the dates used in the transmission were simply codes he hadn’t any knowledge and therefore requested its authenticity. 

Of which there came none. None that anyone knew of. But Tarmon heard something.

Senior staff were notified and soon standing next to Tarmon listening themselves with government officials also engaged waiting for further developments wondering what was going on and if this was an off-the-board operation then why hadn’t they been notified, because what they were reading wasn't any call signs they used in their own operations so somebody better get the move on and figure this out before all hell breaks loose because America wasn't going to stand for any bullshit in its own backyard, or so the base commander in Sitka noted in an urgent communique from a senior general in Washington.

Then the accident changed everything.

It wasn’t someone spilling coffee on the electronic equipment or pressing the wrong button, though one was and it did happen to be the right button but for a reason no one bothered trying to establish for why would they seeing they pressed it a hundred times before when communicating so when Tarmon in place of pining again to the sender, keyed his handset and spoke directly into the mouthpiece wasn’t only against strict regulations which he certainly violated nonetheless clearly aware of, wasn’t actually himself at the time because it wasn’t actually the same time.

And that’s where the confusion laid for Tarmon received a communication giving the correct reply, therefore instructing him as a trained radio operator complied keying his headset and in so doing, created an inevitable chain of events started well before he was ever conceived in thought, that his parents themselves hadn’t yet reached the age of three, when they both though didn’t know one another least of all be married in twenty years sat with Tarmon’s grandparents in a small bus station, when a woman passed through that same small bus stations front door with its sole employee growing old behind the counter as seldom did anyone enter and was rightfully puzzled at why the place was crowded with now seven jumped with surprise seeing her approach with long black hair and silver turquoise neckless, her dark eyes not simply watching him which he found disturbing actually looking past him persuading him to turn wondering if indeed there was something in the back of the small office he’d overlooked when first entering, but seeing it wasn’t any bigger than a walk-in closet the likelihood was increasingly minute, however some inborn given warnings of pending disasters and attack from predators stimulated his sluggish mind to have a peek because inside his brain there came that tingle, itching feeling something wasn’t right, that kind he often got returning home ‘knowing’ when his wife had been cheating on him seeing she’d done so for years, but what could he do knowing he was weak of mind himself, and soul, and now, body while energy drained from him at what he saw with disbelief in that simple, harmless glimpse knowing his days and worst the nights would never be the same.

‘We don’t know yet and are waiting confirmation sir,’ the general said speaking into a phone held in a firm grip crushing the filtered end of his near useless cigarette brought from anxiety and hatred for those he had to deal with above him, those unaccustomed in their illiterate manners toward a man who didn’t just get things done but accomplished his way, otherwise how the hell do these imbeciles in his eyes, think he arrived in this position and rank in the first place as obvious from the start as it was those outside military jurisdiction, those ‘civilians’ deserved what they ended up with when the world ended for the general was almost certain it would and most likely within the next hour, that the anarchy delved upon mankind would have a vengeance never permitting it to resurface again for a thousand years. This the general absolutely hoped for since he was a colonel when he realized how fruitless the entire operation had become, the operation to communicate with whatever sent messages through shortwave transmission let alone their translation, ever since the ‘civilians’ took charge, especially the one which he learned to despise from the start with his white suit and blue eyes peering through those glasses, ‘Those fucking glasses,’ the general thought to himself picturing how he’d love to crush with both hands the shiny thinness into a ball along with the head it sat upon for you could, ‘Never, ever trust a person with such thin fucking glasses,’ he told his second-in-command more than once.

‘Who the hell does that skinny little shit think he IS?!’ the general roared in his office, in his car, at the club, at home, on the golf course, with his men, practical everywhere he went the general made it perfectly clear his disdain for those gold-rimmed glasses, never precisely stating it was the leader of the project for that would put the general in a very unpopular position with those above him along with whomever the project employed, civilian in nature, that might just hear such a declaration construed as, treachery, unpatriotic, and suicide for whoever spoke out against the project director were silenced. 

But the general being the sort of man he was, didn’t take kindly to this sort of ill-winded manipulation, this underhanded indirect bullshit for he was a man who wanted to see the enemy up-close when you shoved the blade into their chest, directly through their heart as trained, for every soldier knew one of the quickest ways of putting your enemy down was just that, also the fact you had to witness life go out, their eyes just didn’t twinkle more than not simply looked straight ahead growing vacant, while their bodies slightly vibrating as the last of the energy slips away.

And it was this the general wanted, to feel as he crushed the head of the bastard who'd taken his position of probably the most important project since the atomic bomb development and its successful usage, in the terms it obliterated what it was designed for, ‘Feel that tingle in your hands as the last drains away, by God the little fucker is gonna pay,’ the general felt with great confidence as a true warrior would to them all. And in times with all rightfulness, and normal situations that would have happened, but these weren’t those times. Not even close and because the general’s stalwart nature of the man would not produce just what one would expect, with after a short visit from the project director, shot himself in the head.

But that’s not exactly what happened.

After the director left the general office, the general called his aid to take the memo to those above him he was retiring wishing them all the very best, but felt his health affected a negative response to demands from the job and therefore believed necessary putting this letter forward. The aid left the office and within less than five seconds the gunshot was heard and upon entering the office the aid along with the generals two security details standing on either side of the generals door at all times rushed in to find the weapon still in the generals mouth as the  whiplash from firing flung his head first back then forward onto his two-hundred year old oaken desk where the barrel protrudes out the rear of the generals now shattered skull with its gaping hole from the .44 magnum he always had strapped under the center drawer for quick firing in case someone was able to pass security without authorization and this being a military establishment meant shooting first had more right than not.

And as they lifted the general away for the burial with state honors for certain he would have because he’d been shot by some ungodly bastard while inspecting a facility for the greater good of the great country of which he so tirelessly serve nearly thirty great years, as all great men do, they noticed his front shirt where tucked into his pants covered in blood and in wonder seeing the injury to his head could not in any way possibly be connected with the part of his clothing, lifted carefully the soaked cloth, unbuttoning the shirt to reveal the word ‘XOVE’ carved in large four-inch high crooked letters across the generals stomach.

The fact the project director spoke with the general moments before summoning his aid might have played reasoning into the death but the general seemed at ease and lucid with the judgment while dictating his letter to the aid, it might also be said there was common animosity toward one another which the director never showed, therefore, being only an assumption carried little if any weight for he was in fact to clever illustrating such in public as he needed the generals assistance from the militaries standpoint with the project.

But that too changed when a young girl taking the bus searching for her grandfather in hopes of better understanding her own past and possibly her future through learning from an early age such things weren’t easy to come by and in the very least rather unstable seeing the turns of events both produce, past being what it was simply an illusion because the brain isn’t trustworthy insofar resembling paint-by-numbers artwork where either not fully or not at all remembering a bygone life, is forced to guess, whereas the future is not known rather purely hoped for, and changed while 'between' two different times killing the three men who’d murdered her father, producing a split moment in time where the flow itself wasn’t interrupted rather its perception, and with that so became the outlook both times observed itself of their respected surroundings to the extent what was real one moment, wasn’t the next.

CHAPTER 24: GOOD AND BAD

The Shaman was searching for Jane. She knew this as she knew he would find her. It was only a matter of time they would meet, however, time wasn’t there for them to meet in. That consisted of a change she herself initiated when meeting the tall woman having long black hair and turquoise neckless outside the old bus station. A woman who was there yet not as Jane followed her across the dirt road simply wasn’t any longer, not vanishing in the sense of the word, rather wasn’t there, to begin with. 

When the interchange, with different levels connecting sections meet forming a pattern, crosses through another interchange of differential elements, there is a union, a fuse between the two, and it is there in this fuse Jane entered while following the tall woman, she knew as the ‘between’ allowing herself free movement while in both. It is here Jane knew the Shaman was strongest and where he would want to find her, and bring her back. Jane didn’t know why the Shaman wanted her except to return, but to what was a mystery she didn’t want to understand for the closer you came to something of this nature, the more powerful it grew with thoughts feeding energy, both positive and negative as in the moon and sun, night and day; the unlimited black and white. 

Whatever term used mattered least, only the act of choosing which having more influence of. Jane remembered how it was explained to her by a man her stepfather knew who came each year helping with the harvests. He was an older man but with a strong body worked twenty years younger, was always polite but seldom spoke, except that once while the two talked was hard to say how long both working in near silence till the man spoke in a low tone not a whisper nor loud enough where others nearby would overhear. 

He told Jane of a land not here nor was it there waving his hand as if an insect bothered him, where such things as Good and Bad meet and talked about what to do. They did this because they needed each other, but when there was something on their mind they would gather in a large almost round chest-high grass field open yet hemmed in by massive ancient oak trees of which both lived but on opposite sides. While neither ever ventured to the others for it was sacred and disrupt the balance should they, both respected one another enough to allow the time needed explaining their troubles.

The man told Jane one such story as they worked together one early morning just as the light rose from the east:

Good asked for a meeting and the two stood not close, but not far as they couldn’t for each other's power would clash with the other causing great damage.

Then Good spoke.

‘So, I was thinking. You remember the time before any of this?’

‘No,’ said Bad plainly.

‘Me neither. But that doesn’t mean there wasn’t. Right?’

Bad paused thinking what to say because Good was always Good and never really wanted to hurt anyone or thing but could if pushed far enough so Bad in this thinking, believed perhaps this might be a trick because Good was very clever. But not as clever as Bad, for in Bad’s thinking, Bad was the best at everything, but did on occasion allow Good the upper hand, just enough to keep the balance. Standing there looking at Good, Bad couldn’t help but feel sorry for Good always tried but more and more lost out and Bad knew eventually the balance would shift and that was the end. Because once that happened there was no going back to fix whatever needed repair. That didn’t happen and those thinking so usually the ones ending up on Bad’s side sooner more than later. So Bad wondered if Good knew about the balance swinging? Because it was always so difficult telling what was going on with Good seeing Good could turn bad if necessary in order to save or present more goodness, which drove Bad to the end as this wasn’t exactly permitted because Bad was always bad, and so carefully replied.

‘Yea, Good listen. Does it matter? And if so, how and to whom because a cat sleeps about two-thirds their life doesn’t mean they're not aware?’

Good thought about this knowing Bad was cleverer of the two wondered was Bad simply having fun, or was there something else at work here, and so carefully replied.

‘Ok look. I don’t want to stand around here and have a debate. Nor get trapped by your talking of one thing or another particularly if it isn’t about the topic at hand, which being of yesterday; was it there or not?’

Bad could see Good was excited as usually when they come together because Good loves to talk, and so carefully replied.

‘Yes. Yesterday was there if you were too.’

Good knew this didn’t make any sense, and so carefully replied.

‘That doesn’t make any sense.’

Bad had an idea to help clear-up the questioning, and so carefully replied.

‘You were there yesterday. So it was there. But if you weren’t then it wasn’t. Got it?’

This left Good rather angry wondering what to say next wanting so carefully to reply, but only stood there looking at Bad. Waiting. 

‘Well?’

‘What?’

‘Right. Is it going to be like this?’

‘I hope not otherwise what point it there?’

‘Now it’ll get confusing because you’re participating without any idea what the hell you’re talking about.’

‘Not true.’

‘See there it is. It’s always like that with you when we do this you get almighty and huffy.’

‘It is not. I’m illustrating fact here and…’

‘No. No, you're simply rambling on because you haven’t really anything to say being without that type of capacity.’ 

‘What type?’

‘What?’

‘What type…what type are you referring too?’

‘What?’

‘Yep. That’s it.’

‘What?’

‘Exactly. The reason why things are the way they are because you can’t even do this right.’

‘What?’

‘I’m not going to do this with you. I didn’t come out here to wander around your brain to wonder how’s and why’s anything at all works.’

‘So there you know.’

‘What? What’s there to know that I don’t already understand?’

‘You’re chaotic nature. For one.’

‘Two…’

‘I’m busy are we finished here?’

‘Why so like that. Whenever it doesn’t work your way your turn everything into a sideshow.’

‘It already is. Look they’re wrapped up in their own agendas and that’s that. We always have this discussion and there’s nothing you can do because they have to choose either one of us, and afterwards bitch about it calling God for assistance, ‘always the God thing’ when they run around their entire life wondering of existence but then a hiccup arrives they fall apart screaming for the guy, so what’s that all about.’

‘Do you think I like this? I’m tired too but we’re stuck in it with all the stupidity attached. But hey I’m not complaining on their part, hell if there ever was brain between them it left long ago when fire turned into a match.’  

‘What about when they turned the match onto themselves torching one another because of faith disputes?

‘Ok, ok the list is long.’

‘Endless.’

‘Fine. As you said. Point is what are we going to do?’

‘With this lot? Hell if I know.’

‘Come on you know what I mean.’

A pause between the two where both wondered what the point was, thinking something more enjoyable then this apparent task at hand needing adjustment or at least recognition it was a problem, that would become serious so better now deal with it before the real dilemma took hold, because if that woke up what they had now paled so far from anything they could even imagine it wasn’t laughable except for the complete demented, now growing with such veracity it was inevitable the whole thing would burst, but they only stood watching each other. Then watching the grass around them grow taller, then die, then grown high again, and die again, several more times when an idea happened to pass between them.

‘What if we wait it out?’

‘Like the olden days?’ 

‘Yea. What's the rush? Do we really control anything?’

‘No. We react to their actions.’

‘That’s the point. Why push things, give some time. What do think?’

‘How much time were you thinking?’

‘I don’t know. What do you think?’

‘Yea. Next freeze?’

‘Ludicrous. Too far off.’

‘The burn-out then.’

‘That is closer.’

‘But higher risk.’

‘True. That could be rather hard correcting.’

‘Something between?’

‘Agreed. We’ll start with that.’

So Good and Bad parted the large field having stood there for many years contemplating what would happen and not, finally agree ‘between’ was the best option while they both waited in their oaken forests upon the results of which would foretell the future, because after all, they had to wait for reaction from actions.

CHAPTER 25: HALF THE NIGHT SKY

It was the God awful screaming taking all energy possible to keep from shrieking along with whatever held in the pit of a tortured mind that escaped into your brain unleashed, roaming. Hungry.

That’s what I realized in the first seconds the message was played, my muscles tensed as if first strung-up then twisted with resistance knowing they were to face a horror worst then I could imagine otherwise why would I feel the fear I did surviving the war and all as well as this decaying community called home.

But nothing could prepare me for this.

All the nerves in my mind simply burst. I felt in a few seconds their expansion, then at once a flash of bright light filled from somewhere behind then like a blade sliced through my eyes outward while my entire body burst into flames.

The only thing keeping me from either dying right there or becoming a complete moron the rest of my life for was certain after this would be, was the cool touch on my forehead from Jane’s hand pressing lightly but with a gentle firmness as if to say, ‘Yes, this is gonna hurt only a little while’ that firmness because through all this you’ll certainly lose track of any consciousness there was, and the cool simply so your brain wouldn’t fry.

At least that’s what I wanted to believe, actually worshiped as God was right there in my mind though seldom though such during the waking hours. Just goes to show how a person can be so hypocritical in not thinking twice, but if you’re in the shit well you go screaming His name asking and saying anything you'll do so long as you get the hell out of whatever it is you’re neck deep in.

And that’s all you got sometimes is your own power in yourself to pull through. Maybe that’s why some survived this world and what was thrown at you, and others not. In basic training you knew you were going to the Pacific to fight but not knowing when or where, only knowing some of those in your company you trained with weren’t going to make just by looking at them and sure enough later on you saw them with their life gone out either in pieces or sometimes whole looking down at them with nothing to say, carried where I laid on the wooden floor of Jane’s shack thinking if there’s a mirror I’d certainly see that same look staring back at me probably with some silly ass grin trying to be clever, but that would be and the clock will soon run out. 

Maybe because what the future held for us wasn’t going to be pleasant brought out an ability allowing you the brief chance of knowing what others didn’t because if they did they never spoke about whether this guy was going to die or that one, Christ it would’ve been the worst of things to bring on a person, hell for as far as everybody we all thought none of us were going to make it seeing battles being fought now and before, most kept secret about casualties and conditions of war seeing practically none of us had been there, and those who did said very little either from orders or wanting to keep what sanity remained not wanting to revisit what you were going to soon have to make it even more difficult, and hell, if you did know, would so many have volunteered? 

But here on my back staring up at the celling cool hand on my head all seemed rather calm except for images which began swirling on the old, dark, gray, aged wooden ceiling that must have leaked like a sieve when it rained, but fortunately hadn’t for three years except now and then a light sprinkle as I could make out starts through those cracks and holes, images of wild animals it seemed along with clouds their dark bellowing shapes trying to hold back bursts of bright orange lightening, but failed as they light-up the entire room casting shadows of strange beasts along walls and floors as if paraded along in snapshots of black and white for all color in the shack drained away leaving only that of broken sharp whiteness with brilliant black pulling at my consciousness casted overboard into a sea knowing survival either evolved or drowned for the anchorage I held onto continued being ripped free and soon death I was certain of, would come, all the while dreadful screeching came through the headset alighting my brain now on fire, surely melting into the floor of which I was surprised hadn’t caught fire.

While the combination of dazzling images with relentless repulsive noise worked, creeping along the world of which shrank to a mere nothingness, perhaps I had indeed died and wasn’t aware, that in passing I’d come into this room with this woman and situation, only to wake abruptly with a snap as if a large dry branch of wood cracked next to my ears, which wasn’t the case at all, in fact, was the crunching of bone as my back arched, lifting from the floor, my chest bowed outward toward the ceiling seeing that my convulsions grew as if in a spastic manner I’d slipped between those cracks of the roof and now laying on the near flat roof, gazing up at an incredible sky with millions of stars so bright seemed almost morning, when of course was still middle of...trying to recall what was the time, then realized what did it matter. 

Suddenly I saw the stars not fade, rather a blackness darker than any I’d seen before grow from what once the outer reaches of my vision, now travel inward stopping at a point where at least half the night sky covered in complete darkness even though the remaining in a perfect circle, in the center remained the largest I could only wonder had the these brilliant stars been chosen for a reason when they drifted together to what now grew in a solid circle of a most brightest moon ever shone, covering half the night sky, all within an arms reach, when through that very center of white a figure emerged just as if walking across the desert in the mid-day heat, it’s shimmering mirage dark in shape neither male nor female nor size, for there weren’t the usual reference points in this world.

Striding with confidence certain, the shape walked from right to left directly in the middle and perfectly horizontal while each step the horrible noise increased where once in the middle simply stopped and stood, still facing the left side of the circle, slowly turned confronting me when immediately the relentless screeching ceased and a voice began to speak.

Afterward, it’s hard to say what happened because I passed out waking Jane said two days later having slept the whole time restlessly moving about the floor rolling one moment, curled the next, occasionally even sitting, all the while completely asleep yet mumbling as if talking with someone.

When finally I woke felt absolutely exhausted. And starved. Jane prepared a simple meal which I devoured drinking at least a gallon of water my throat having shrunk barely allowing me to talk for the next two days along with aching bones and dull pounding headache behind both eyes.

Jane spoke asked of anything remembered, and to write it down, best carry some paper and pencil around at least for a couple of days, drink plenty of water, more than usual of which I didn’t argue, reassuring me I'd have trouble remembering what happened, but not to worry. Truth was I had trouble now recognizing, and I did what she asked but the paper remained blank for several days. Until the dreams started.

While there I was in the dream and wasn’t. It was the hardest part taking notes afterwards still shaking sometime often sitting in my own urine pissed from fear which hadn’t happened since those beach landings of which after whatever anyone says, we were all terrified when command told us our final destination and a lot of guys lost it right there even though we were still a good five days steaming till reaching the island as they didn’t want anyone talking before we shoved off from San Diego. We were so gung-ho to get the hell off that goddamn tin-can troop carrier we’d been locked into especially the last two days they never let us topside saying it was for our safety. Looking back it just made us all meaner and crazier, but that insanity forming in each of our minds saved some of us because that blanks out the brain working things it doesn’t want you to see knowing it’ll send you right over the edge and command wanted you full of that so you grew numb of everything around you except one thing; the enemy.

When the ramp fell off the landing craft it wasn’t as bad as I thought we kept low and tried moving our way up the steep black volcanic sandy beach whose grains were sharp cutting into you that being one of the things I remembered most clearly those first days. Not the carnage when the Japs after letting nearly four thousand of us land pined us down mortaring for hours and hell where were you to go, not back into the water which was full of more landing crafts of men and material, floating bodies seawater black with blood and oil from damaged crafts, and not forward over the embankment because the Japs strafed it with machine-gun fire as soon as you stuck your head over and was likely  getting blown off. 

It wasn’t all the filth and stench of death, the blood and human excrement because if you had to shit you mostly just went in your utility uniform and wore it till either it shredded off you since the battle lasted over thirty days for the last Japanese soldier to either be killed, would rather die than surrender. It was in truth none of us except harden veterans were ready for seeing how the Japs fought savagely shocked us into a reality most weren’t prepared for, because we thought it was going to be just like the war in Europe against Hitler seeing on the news how often soldiers surrendered peacefully holding their hands high waving flags, hell even swapping cigarettes with those who’d just captured them. 

But this was something different altogether. It was an intense hatred the Japanese had for us we didn’t understand because it was they that attacked us on Pearl Harbor starting this whole goddamn mess so why should they have any cause hating us so. Many thought it should be the other way around. We didn’t want to be on those islands but we knew if we didn’t there’d be a Jap flag flying on every street corner in America probably the world, that and seeing how they reacted to us made our minds change into something else then when we’d left home. We became just like them. We had to. We had to think like them, act like them, eat like them so we started and didn’t let up till the last was cut in two, their guts hanging out just as they done to us. We didn’t give a damn anymore about anything but killing as many as possible so we could get the hell off that rock and it was here which struck me the most, not all the killing but that horrible sharp sand which got everywhere in your socks, hair even the crack of your shit filled ass because you sure as hell wasn’t going to take them off to do your business, Christ that would have been a sight someone shiting there with no bush cover nor trees of any kind as the naval bombardment days before in order to ‘soften up’ the enemy destroyed everything, except the Japs who we didn’t know dug endless tunnels throughout the island deep enough to withstand the horrible battering the island took you could feel the shock through the ship from the shells blasting out from the naval task force while waiting decks below and thought what it must be on that island because the bombing lasted days and we were certain no one could live after all that.

But I didn’t think much of any of that seeing it was ‘that’ horrible, black sand glistening as it did blasted into everything especially any exposed skin of which there was a lot of seeing our uniforms rotted away under the jungle humidity from explosions either theirs or ours, with all this madness seemed normal for me at the end. 

That’s what I remembered most because that’s what my brain told me too, and not things I’d seen and done. 

So I made notes of those dreams as best I could, making little or no sense to much of it till Jane asked and I showed her when she stopped by after her work teaching late because there were some students who had trouble remembering their math, which got me to thinking I’d suffered the same not able to manage the numbers so well as others they’d all become tangled up and in the end I had to guess the answer which more times than ever were wrong, yet knew it wouldn’t have gone well her tutoring me like she was from later afternoon till now nearly eight at night, I’d not be able to concentrate at all and wondered how these students were holding up she helped, if they too felt an attraction for her as their attention fell off them like dead weight.

She sat there on the back porch of the small one bedroom house I rented from an old homesteader who’d been living here since the start of time itself he used to joke of which looking at him I had little doubt was true for his face had been cut with deep lines and colored that of a dark bronze he must have been out in the sun couple a hundred years I joked with him and his quick eyes, dark brown twinkled, as a cracked smile holding few teeth grew he moved toward me whispering, ‘Longer,’ then winked and shambled off toward were he now lived just a mile up the road where probably at this pace would take several hours to reach, going over each line scribbled in near darkness with both shaking from exhilaration and fearful hands I could barely read myself even though they were written a few days or even hours before as Jane simply showed up on the doorstep with out warning more often then not asking how I was and wanting a look at anything new I’d noted, even if there wasn’t because not every night I had those dreams, but she wanted a look anyway and so walked straight to the bedroom where I kept the notepad on the small table returning brought them outside where she then sat with patients going over the notes again, and again till I though I’d go crazy if I didn’t tell her she was simply the most beautiful woman I’d seen, which wasn’t far from the truth, certainly in these parts, when this one time I picked up the notepad at the night table and about to turn felt something tingle in my hand as if it were some form of electricity moving through the pad up into my wrist and fore arm, and at the same moment I heard Jane’s voice behind me whispering.

‘Don’t fight,’ and felt her hand on my right shoulder while the other slide along the left side of my waist across stoping on my stomach and slowly pulled herself close where I could feel her entire body pressing gently against mine. 

I froze not knowing what to do or think as the tingling grew moving up my arm, but what I felt was only wanting to be with her and in that one thought my body completely relaxed as if all the life simply walked out of me and I felt her arm hold me tighter as I slide onto the mattress slipping into deep sleep just as I saw the moment before my eyes closing Jane’s face close to mine with something behind her, a shadow it seemed which I thought how strange for it was still a little light out and the bedroom light was off but here moving behind her the shape began to grow.

Blinking I tried to focus better on the image but Jane’s face pulled my attention back to her as she now smiled moving her mouth speaking of which I couldn’t understand any of what was being said, only the shadow shifted changing to human-like and her speech sounding not English but something very different I heard in the Marines as there were two Navaho Indians who were on board the ship heading to Iwo because of their language abilities the Japs couldn't understand, but at the time no one knew them any more than just a couple of soldiers like the rest, yet these two were very special indeed, I only learned about years later reading an article regarding their crucial actions saving many lives with their sending of messages to command the enemy couldn’t understand seeing it was their own Navaho language spoken the Japs couldn't break.

And here Jane, talking but in her own Cherokee language, but to whom as only the two of us were in the room? Along with the shadow now looked even more human perhaps male for the broad shoulders and strong arms carried a strength I realized in an instance was neither that of a person nor ghost as first imagined from at the start seeing the shape I could view through to the window behind, through whatever was there as the sunlight seemed to enter partially within then remained captured not allowed to pass entirely as if trapped in the shape itself, till the shade altered from a soft transparent grey to that of intense black now looming above her right shoulder.

Was she aware because right there, inches away the thing stood, and I was losing sight as the room dissolved knowing I’d past out soon enough what was the point in all this stupidity turning into some insane trip I’d grown tired of weeks maybe months before not able to remember since that point too had been taken now trying to recall the meaning for any of it. 

The frustration was overwhelming and I grew exhausted wanting only to be rid whatever crawled in my brain that first time Jane put the headset on and now with a darkness not only standing over Jane and me, but one within was enough from the past to fill ten lives and all I wanted now was peace from it all, and in that last fraction of consciousness I heard not Jane’s voice but from behind her speaking I was certain coming from the now man-shaped gloom of which golden eyes slowly open then closed looking deep into my very self, seeing everything I’d seen. Everything felt and done. Lived. 

I sensed a weight pressing on my chest and stomach from searching the solid form now held upon me and if I could not move from, could not stand and run it would easily hold me without a chance of escape as would a child hold an ant between two fingers examining it wondering how the thing lived - what made it squirm the way it did all the while wondering if it knew anything at all beyond the simple life lived.

Then Jane’s face passed between us and I saw in her what looked almost the same as the shadow’s. What looked as if she and the shadow were the same. As if placing herself between us she’d stepped into that center of darkness joining together where now only she stood slightly bent over me whispering whatever there was, whatever she thought important. 

But then a movement came back of her its black shape passing from behind was only hidden and for a moment I grew angry as the last of my conscious mind left in what I believed could not be but must; a man dressed in white, watching carefully with cold blue eyes through gold-rimmed glasses, wearing the slightest of smiles.

CHAPTER 26: SPECIFIC BAND

Messages from another time and place, of ‘between’ where one passed without detection, simply listening to them; a time without boundaries as should, for there were too many arranged upon the entire element, causing greater confusion than actually need be, of which the interest extends of encompassed imagination coiled tightly from its lack of use; a place given shape through the minds reproduction knowing egotistical self-preservation reigned paramountly, thereby lying to oneself in order sanity prevailed for if the truth be shown actually what exists madness ensues.

This, that border where once crossed opened any number of bottles releasing their captured genies who controlling over wasn't easily an illusion passed among culture permitting the restless an opportunity of unguarded sleep, yet how those genies prayed upon such growings of the so powerful, all the while, completely unnoticed.

Or so that was presumed.

That would have been the story, and in a way did happen just as told here. 

Except for the possibility, none of it actually came to pass, which, having not having occurred, possibly changed something.

Altered something slightly allowing itself access and development past any scale imagined in releasing a conciseness. 

And the conscious took what it imagined, shaping, where spinning out of any control once believed supreme in falling along the side of a dusted dirt road where nothing happened since eternity itself sprang without hindrance, yawning at trivial possibilities, able in seeing all directions grew quickly bored from so much of cold still waters deep with a blackness where looking into caused the relief in knowing there was indeed a great madness about. That it wasn’t a dream.

How was conception purchase becoming that inseparable partner with great aim and ambition seemed from only a wanton ability of control as was there so much in nature, yet this a manufactured sort, mutated into an element without mastery nor was there intention ever being any, while how could the rantings of an ungoverned populace have such let alone desire anything but, and with that life began marching endlessly forward in what it honestly believed to be truth suckling on prosperity and the righteous way.

Then the messages began. Seldom and as would be, far between, they arrived without warning or instructions taking years to understand their meaning, by then far late for any advanced civilization to correct what they themselves incurred. 

Once established the messaging process was one bettered; they were replied too.

Jane, one of the few able withstanding both physical and mental shock receiving them, was able to understand their meaning, and therefore associate a comprehensive correspondence and did so readily. Till she was discovered.

Knowing she was sought after she thought of fleeing but imagined was there a point seeing those all too powerful could easily acquire whatever they wished. Instead, Jane thought of another way. 

She was aware the senders of the messages being many; there weren’t simply one, rather hundreds. She knew they weren’t from this time but both past and future. But never present. She knew of a place ‘between’ where she could reach both periods, existed in a time looping them continuously melded one another, and here she knew the present would have the greatest challenge understanding the message meaning, because they were always in the present, listening.

They had to be in the combined blend of past and future to understand the meaning while listening to shortwave transmission on a specific band, they understood the message providing entrance of the ‘between’ coordinates as designated 'markers'.

If everything was combined, perfectly, that a person suffered from retinitis pigmentosa where protein for the retina is altered producing genetic change within the brain, that they have adequate knowledge in shortwave radio operations along with technical equipment able to receive, that they were even interested or alerted to messages amounted exactly a total of twelve, in the world able to understand what the messages symbolized; three in America, two in Canada and Russia, one each in France, Ecuador, Australia, Tanzania, and the United Kingdom.  

Of those, five actually reached the first ‘marker’; France, Australia, Tanzania, Russia, and Jane, though only Jane, Russia, and France entered.

From those three passages in the ‘between’, an action occurred whereby, changing.

Though they didn’t enter at the exact same time, France was a full forty-eight hour ahead of Russia, while Jane hadn’t heard the transmission till nearly a week after the others, however, it required little travel being only seventy miles to the south-west. France had to travel to Greece and Russia was having to traverse the dry regions of the Aral Sea bordering both Uzbekistan and Kazakstan, consequently, their entering the 'markers' existing only an hour apart from one another.

Neither knew the other. They had no reason to believe anyone else was doing such an insane adventure for which this clearly was in anyone’s eyes, apart from their own, for which they understood very clear with the situation at hand and their determination proving so seeing the terrain covered reaching the ‘marker’ when for all intent purposes, might simply be themselves going mad. 

For weren’t they so? Hadn’t their desire in the mechanics of shortwave and its abilities seemed rather odd by those around them? Close friends gazed at them awkwardly wondering were they drunk or simply off on another adventure leaving behind any rational sense they once owned holding its own baggage watching sullenly as they abandoned all for something more obscure. Or was it a family member who gently tugged at their shirttail as it flapped out the door not wanting to offend the owner knowing to do such might interrupt a genius at work or have them turn slamming a hammer into their head of which they felt was entirely possible seeing they’d lost connection with just about everything except their radio, sitting there never leaving the headset eyes growing deeper as the black circle around them took hold pushing everything further in the skull eventual disappearing forever.

Yes, it could all happen just in such a way, and in fact in two cases it did where they murdered someone close to them just to get out on the road and find that ‘marker’ something they’d have to straighten out later after the police arrested them after they were hung for their crimes, but not now, not just this moment, for right now there was something more at play here, something having driven beyond returning notably different.

Something that could indeed change anything. And from their entrance, had.

This wasn’t with intention, the three didn’t know exactly what to expect. It was more of a ‘go - find out’ calling which drove them clawing away at their brains, a beast always there within now released, the newly found freedom almost unbearable with excitement tore the inner lining separating reality for what was that point of reference anchoring a mind keeping it safe, yet prisoned from traveling toward whatever uncharted demise all faced eventually never asking whether there even a ‘where’, or ‘when’, ever ‘how’? Could that be with all the development the mind evolved since existence, this is the best achieved so far?

Was this all to reveal? This the only exhibition? Was there something missing, not only overlooked but never wanted to be found for fear of changing everything?

Could it be so simple the reason why the three went through the ‘marker’ not from the need of exploration, of finding what was wrong or right, of finding a ‘new better way’, of finding consciousness, or finding anything at all because what part of them actually existed?

CHAPTER 27: ACTUALLY FAR

Jane still whispering as the man with the gold-rimmed glasses silently stepped from behind her as if he were the girl's own shadow moving across finally stopping beside her, the two abreast at the foot of the bed, one gazing down, Jane closer her face soft with its strange eyes always looking past whatever they held always seeming bored at the object in front knowing the truth was always in the distance, and it was there I knew she was a great deal more than just what appeared.

Maybe she was aware of the man next to her. Maybe it was my mind having a way with its broken self. There really wasn’t a matter to any of it other than watching her with those full rose-colored lips I’d always seen but rejected not wanting anything from her knowing there wasn’t a point, yet here slipping again into some darken place I could see only the center of what’s in front of me, my vision narrowed as if looking down a long tunnel with her at the end. And ‘Him’.

It could be after all that’s what life is just a bunch of random choices made thrown into the bag you carried your whole life, half the time wondering whether they were even yours, to begin with. Right now it sure felt that way because I was growing tired by the second and all I wanted was sleep. Didn’t care one way if things were to go their way then so be it, and if not so be that too. What was I to do with any of it seeing I’d been taken here, dropped off and now flat on my back waiting helplessly as a newborn?

And that might have been just about the time the flash came blinding me, now in complete darkness without a care not even that of the surrounding unconsciousness.

Then Jane’s voice came clear as if whispering right next to my ear. ‘There is a place in the Pinto Mountains. Follow 62 till the Bullhead turnoff, then head toward the Tin Hole Mine. Once there look for the man with the broken wagon. He knows.’

As dreams go this wasn’t a nightmare but was rather unsettling seeing when I woke I was laying on my side next to my truck. If anyone crossed over they would have thought I’d died or was just plain drunk, those in town knowing the latter never occurred, then thinking otherwise this being what it was, anything is possible as Mesquite Springs started growing its reputation in the nineteen-twenties that of ‘strange goings on in them hills’ which was fine for tourists arriving wanting something different in there lives other than city life and all its treasures befalling upon them like salted rain, for that’s just what folks here thought of those come wagering up here wads of cash dropping from their pockets thinking themselves better than the rest because of it. Hell they’d even square-off against one another especially after drinking spouting they had this and that, then the other yippin like some coyote hunting after a jackrabbit under a full moon. Christ, it was the damnedest thing to see but what could you do knowing they brought cash to the town which we all needed one way or another, while we all eventually becoming our own prostitutes.

Lucky for me my hat was still on my head covering my face otherwise it would have been burned clean off as I blinked under it trying to establish where the hell I was and the situation I’d become before moving a muscle, because it sure seemed like hell telling me right away it must be noon to two hours thereafter and the sweet having dried on my face coming that salt crust it does also says allot meaning I’d been here awhile probable night and a day for when the nights cool so does the body. 

Well, damn if there's anything to think more of so slowly I dragged the hat from my face letting the burn bring me around which she usually does, and there came the flash throwing back the last thing remembered of Jane, the man, and the message. And up I rode sitting there a moment trying to get what was left of the mind to work, blinking out the bright sun, putting my hat back on then getting to the feet through shaken legs but still able to take my own weight, stood there breathing slowing checking for wounds and what not because after such time there must be some damage, when behind me I heard the click. 

There in the desert, you could hear things near that were actually far because the air being what it was clean and bright as well as the heat which amplified such giving a greater idea in your side than what actually was there. Sometimes it sounded like a tree being felled but turned out only a desert tortoise moving through the thick brush. A couple of times I’d thought here was some stampede coming but only a few desert sheep moving along in a low dry wash their movements echoing off its sides.

But this was different. It had a lowered sound more of a ‘thud’ then someone or thing stepping on a dried branch as often enough happened that or the rustling heard from their passing through creosote and various other brush. And as I turned indeed who was there but the local communities law enforcement of three years Deputy Hanssen whose roots brought him closer to Scandinavia then Mesquite Springs which his great-grandparents made the crossing from landing in New York some hundred odd years ago. Or so he stated often with great pride. 

Now the strange thing about Deputy Hanssen today was not he having his weapon drawn aimed directly at my chest no more than ten feet away standing alongside his police car using the open door for cover, but the fact the deputies arms to the shoulder and legs up to his thighs were covered in something thick and black shimmering in the sun so bright it was hard to look at.

I’d sworn he must have walked hands and feet through deep lake of tar or at least extremely thick oil of which was nothing for miles around having the capabilities of causing such a situation unless he poured it on himself, but whatever there he stood the weapon with the same blackness dripped on the front of the door causing slow runs growing, inching there way toward the ground. Hell, it was so thick in places globs seemed to fall right off his arms hitting the dusty ground within a clicking thud noise sending light puffs of fine dust several inches into the dry scorched air alerted my attention to have a look behind.

Was it the globs dropping thudding their way into my ear that brought me about, because I sure didn’t hear his patrol car pull up so how long was Deputy Hanssen actually there? And I don’t think any of this woke me. Something else besides, including the sun beating down, drew me from a deep sleep I’d been in for also how long? A day? A night and a day? Two of each?

Instinct, of course, told me not to move, what I saw told me climb in my truck and drive away as quickly my body would function, but whatever was going to happen better because my brain was on fire and my entire body ached from sleeping on the dirt for whatever length of time, even my checks seemed to have shrunk all the moisture been sucked out tightening around my eyes making them squint and it was a good thing too I hadn’t the chance to look in the mirror or run my hand across my face for that might have been the surprise sending me over an already fast approaching cliff dead ahead as the time spent on the ground left small stones and grit embedded into my forehead as well as under both eyes, the remaining chapped and scaled like small thin bony plates, while some areas already blistered fortunately though haven’t burst open otherwise there’d be the chance of infection.

I couldn’t see the deputies eyes from his dark glasses so what might be going through his mind was only present from his body movements which were exactly nothing. He stood frozen looking at me just the same I stood looking at him. I dared not speak because too could trigger the man’s finger simply from the sudden change of noise that being a dead quietness having laid over us like a thick woolen blanket.

So there we stood. Waiting. On my side for him to make his command either verbal or pulling the hammer back on his Smith and Wesson model 28 service revolver, on my side probably the same meaning there was going to be hell when he fired, but just as the brain could stand only enough there came that little voice I remember sometimes talking to me in times just as these telling me this isn’t what you think. You’re thinking too much. You’re thinking not enough. You’re thinkings all wrong. What the hell were you thinking? Stop thinking. 

Any of these would have fit. It was obvious Deputy Hanssen wasn’t there. At least in the way, I was seeing him. The trick was perhaps he was, but not in the way I was seeing him. Not dripping all over the place thick black shiny sludge, but standing there still his weapon pulled waiting for me to move in any case would blow my head off. But why was he there in the way I saw him? That’s what I need to know. If he was but not in the state, then probably I was hallucinating. If he was and in the state, then I’d be heading down that insanity road. Christ for all, maybe he 'wasn’t' there, and I’d for sure just lost my mind, not completely only enough to keep running in circles the rest of my life at some lunatic hospital, in any case, whatever stood there, or not, provide something was playing with my head, and I had a pretty good idea it was that bastard in the white suit.

So that’s when clarity comes for most they say. When allowing entrance of reality into the light of things, then all else cracks off and falls away leaving you with only the truth, but this didn’t seem to be the case. 

I waited. Deputy Hanssen waited. My eyes burning from the brightness, the heat unbearable, but what choice did I have, simply wait till he completely dripped away into the dirt, make a move myself, were these actually my only two options? Christ I had to think but thinking was something I simply didn’t trust right now because it was just that that got me into this mess even before standing here it went all the way back as far as I could remember when maybe I was three watching my mother stand there looking off into the night at something orange glowing in the distance though I’d no idea at the time it was part of the towns historical building burning, a fire set by some psychopath they later caught and beat to death saying he’d fallen down the stairs trying to escape, when it wasn’t, in fact later I learned my brother set the fire on a dare and that’s the reason we move to this desolate place, not running from the law because they’d already ‘caught’ the guy, but from our past not ever wanting to be reminded.

And that’s how most things are that go wrong in persons life they just uproot and high-tail it out of there seeing that’s the best to do and keep on moving until you feel safe, but hell how far is that and if you do it once you going to do it again, even if you don’t move physically you’ll do it in your head just the same as sticking it as deep as you can in a pile of sand thinking all the while if I don’t see it, it ain’t there.

So how much of this was I actually seeing? Not so much of the deputy but of life?

And just in a snap, he was gone. A blink and nothing there but desert.

What could it have told me I wasn’t sure and hoped the answers would come soon enough, all I knew was best be getting the hell out of there and head for those Pinto Mountains as they were a good days drive, but first I needed supplies checking the truck to see what was there I rubbed my tired eyes first already thinking what they’d be after drive all the out there in this heat, listened to the quietness of the wide-open world this strange land possessed, looked down at the clothes I wore not in the best of shape covered with dust and holes, but thankful to have them none the less, straightened the hat on my head and turned stepping into the truck feeling the tempter climb which had built up from the heat absorbing it so, especially the seat which burned right through my ass up into my brain, a good thing that was as it sharpened the wits some, gave the gas peddle a couple, turned the key and fired her up where feeling that rocking side-to-side of pistons gonna drive you into that other world. 

CHAPTER 28: SPLIT SECOND

‘What could any of it do but give you more than bargained for.’

My dad said that when I was maybe five years old telling me about the wonders of nature as we walked in the desert on our first hike together, which taught me quite a lot of keeping my eyes open, and ears, and as I heard that rattle some thirty years later like dried rat shit in a tin cup so many times since my growing up years I tried to imagine should I've just five cents for every time it caused near panic, I’d be a rich man.

But here’s the sense of it when driving on 62 toward Pinto seeing their gray-blue color peaks off in the distance knowing it would take nearly rest of the day to reach meaning I’d get there near dark knowing I’d tanked up the truck full as there wasn’t any on the way nor back and haven’t any idea how far I had to go brought another forty gallons with me in the back just in case, my Bowie knife always on the hip along with several boxes for the Winchester, my .357 always carried under the seat for long trips outside the city as sometimes I had deliveries a good stretch of the way, but nothing like this of heading out blind into the middle of nothing but heat of which only wanted to burn the world around it, bringing water and food for a week if need be stretched till two, thinking this is more than I bargained for and knew there was going to be a lot heading my way of which some I felt could be handled and some I’d no idea of, while the radio called out the battle between Tennessee Ernie Ford and Elvis Presley both their number one hits being played along with their other recordings, I leaned over and switched it off only wanting to hear the air roaring through the open cab with her windows down letting the heat out of her metal as I pressed the gas fully to the floor and with a buck she took off screaming down the road knowing this might be the last great run she’ll ever have.

And why shouldn’t it?

Why shouldn’t you know this is the last thing you’ll ever do so damn well better do it right. Maybe the truck knew this, was hell-bent on having the best of it so she let herself free not the least holding back, which got me to thinking, why the hell can’t I do that all the time?

Having all the exchanges of conversation with myself and wind blowing everything which way that was lose in the front end we just barreled together down the road the closer we came to the destination the stronger the feeling grew everything was pretty much out of your hands and probably was an entire life thinking one way or another you controlled it when actually the difference was greater than imagined.

Maybe luck or destiny, both whichever was plain certainly in war during battle when someone right next to you got killed and you didn’t or running across some open field the only cover being broken and burnt bodies enemy fire sprayed in all direction but at the end, you were safe while others not.

So which was it, or really did any of that matter much as living everything to the fullest and damn with what rules had been laid down, as long as you didn’t hurt deliberately anyone why not blaze through with no tomorrow in sight because as far as you knew there wasn't one, but at times a person only thought there was because yesterday they believed the same; that tomorrow would come, yet it would all end because they were thinking just that while walking across the street without looking.

Tearing along there must have been a cloud of dust after turning off 62 onto Bullhead a single track dirt road twenty feet high, allowing no cars to pass unless pulling off into the desert itself not the wisest seeing some areas the sand was soft enough swallowing half a car then dust storms finishing off what remained leaving nothing but sand and more sand as far as you could see or think you saw for the longer you stayed out in this heat the crazier things got especial those things you saw. Or thought you did.

There were always stories of old-timers wandering into town after spending weeks searching for gold they knew was certainly there just a little further always ‘feeling, hearing’ the shiny rock call out too them, ‘come on it’s only a few feet more and there you’ll see I’ll be right there where I told you I would’ half-crazed from heat and desperation, the solitude yanking at them to not stay long in the bars for it was the first place they headed and to get back out in those washes cause they were so close, so very they could smell the gold, and it was that very solitude driving them insane with whatever rattled in their skulls like some sicken marble rolling around scattering any logic remaining, always whispering… ‘so close, just a little further, I’m waiting’...

Often enough couple times a year tourists come driving wherever there wasn’t any road thinking it was cleaver, running over remains of some prospector dead years crunching their dry bones, having to stop seeing what all the fuss was only to look under and there's ol’ Whitie gone now some thirty years jammed up in their crankshaft jaw bone flapping, ‘See, I was soo close right over that hill it was, so darn clooose…’

It was more of a joke since most of those old-timers were long gone years now the automobile replaced their burro but there were still a couple who’d dare the wilds taming it like the hair on the back of their hands, returning every six months or so with indeed, gold. And bar lit up not from anything else but reassurance there still remained a breed of folk willing to venture into a godless land just for some shiny power.

Hell I felt that right now building that tail of clouded dust behind the Chevy climbing higher almost signal fire miles long for there wasn't a gust of wind to pray for, but that solitude pulling filled me with hope and faith, except in those whispers of before, those that came just as they too all those folks wandering, this time was only Jane’s voice stirring something deep inside me I didn’t want touched for knowing the end of this story wasn’t one I particularly enjoyed reviewing in my head, Christ what the hell could be out here but nothing but trouble any lunatic would tell you. Make me wonder what a sane person would utter under their breaths eyes rolling away not wanting to look you directly knowing for sure you were either several sheets in the wind drunk or loony as all hell.

But around here hope and faith go a long way, and this wasn’t the slightest in exceptions as the Pinto's slowly rose their bluish gray-green almost filling the windscreen. Not simply idling the drive reminiscing away I’d though good and at least hard as where Tinning Hole Mine was as I’d never heard of such a place, and on my California USGS topographical chart nor my Southern California AAA auto club map in the truck both having the most detailed markings and even trails I could find, there was no indication such a mine existed either. 

Recalling any conversations I’d had about a tin mine in this area drew a blank as well, though there were several gold and silver nothing of tin and about a wagon Jesus that would beat all just rolling up to a sign reading ‘Tinning Hole Mine’ and a man with the broken wagon I had to find who ‘knows’ something. Of course, there was.

It's crazy the whole thing. There's nothing out here pointing to any of this and to search the Pinto’s would take months. What was Jane thinking sending me on this goose chase, but I trusted her and with all the happenings over the past couple of weeks from the shooting of the mayor watching that simmering the way it glistened in the middle of the creosote bushes and brush looking like a mirage from lack of water same as the last time it rained in Mesquite Springs was near hundred years before any of this all the way to passing out in my bed with that crazy man in his white suit and gold glasses with hawk eyes of a steel blue I’ll never forget just watching as patient as a buzzard waiting for its next meal.

But as I neared the first foothills of the Pintos after driving nearly five hours even pushing the old girl till she damn near died, but in fact, that’s not entirely true since I always took good care of her and she knew it. Always a good service with oils and filters, all adjustments from overhauls to windshield wipers. She was in top shape and ready to go, just where that was I’d no idea till climbing in a few hours before speaking aloud to her, this seeming like the best idea we've had together, or maybe the worst, either way, we’ll be on the road for some time so I sure you’ll be happy with that instead of your usual grumbling with the short haul delivers, and so we shot out of town first rolling to the last stop sign with a halt as my foot was heavy wanting to get, just as much as she was till ninety miles when the Bullhead turnoff took us to where we are now, plum in the middle of nowhere.

As I looked up the mixture of blue, green, gray colors those Pinto’s never been so close to them in all the years thinking why hadn't, there came a loud burst sounding as a gunshot immediately jerking the steering wheel with a tremendous snap almost breaking my wrists luckily holding on with both hands were it only one it’d more than likely result with a nasty fracture and out here would be at best besides painful, a near disaster, trying to change a blown tire and having to dig the truck out cause it spun off the road as I knew from the sound and the jerking she made what just happened, but as things had there way it was only the left front that blew and I held her tight till she finally came to stop with jerk as if to say, ‘Christ you can’t drive worth piss. Stay from those ruts!’ which was pretty much true on these dirty roads never maintained for anything seeing the State of California hadn’t any reason other than producing more traffic because once that black asphalt gets laid they came in their hoards, but out here there’s nothing to see so why bother.

It was probably a freak sharp stone in the right place, with the right angle, when the tire rolled onto at a weak point of its rubber, and bang it sounded like a weapon fired right outside the door scared the B-Jesus out of me as I was wondering over what Jane said to me so all caught by surprise but instinct took hold and here I sat leaning over on the left listening to clunks and groans the truck gave off having her finally say, dust rolled past us as lazy could be seeing the heat and all, but then the fear clamped on and I got to thinking I had only one spare. If this happens again then I’m in for one hell of a long drive back at five miles an hour till the rubber gave, then walk till catching a ride which meant God knows when, and you get to thinking how it was just a moment before when all was right as could be, then get yourself a little surprise.

So I opened the door of my broken wagon and nearly fell to the ground while thinking aloud those exact words, ‘broken wagon’ then stood one foot on the ground the other still in the truck. Holy Mother of God could it be just that? 

Was Jane meaning, ‘find the man with the broken wagon’ me? But how could that? Closing my eyes trying to think, staying calm, breathing, and all I could hear were those words in my head. Over and over.

I forced my eyes open and was nearly blind by the intense sun still beating down, thinking how long had they been shut to cause such a reaction? A minute? Two? Five? All the while her voice wandering around lost trying to find its way in the dark… ‘find the man with the broken wagon… ‘find the man with the broken wagon’ …

All right think this through. If I was the ‘man’ had I found myself? Was I complete now? A whole man…The shock made me lean out and with the other foot stepping on the ground caught me slightly off balance and to stagger back a pace almost tripping over my own feet and might have if it wasn’t for my left hand still holding the door instantly grasping it tighter in a reflex I wasn’t even aware reeling from the shock, mouthing the words, ‘a whole man…’

I gathered myself trying not to think while bending at the waist taking deep breath looking down at the dirt, at the shadow of the truck, at my boots noticing for the first time it seemed how less worn out they were then I thought, realizing they were purchased some eight, maybe nine years ago, before any of this yet still looked pretty good rather odd as I’d planned to buy another pair the day before the mayor was murdered seeing some on sale at Dentons famous Five-n-Dime crap hole filled with all sorts of useless junk folks spent their money on thinking they needed this to help them, or that to make something easier, because after all, it’s what most wanted; something easier, like buying shoes on sale but I was too lazy doing even that! So who was I thinking God forbid should any lazy bastard have to work, and all the while this war of 'the self' fought along with my thoughts for a good reason I wanted to keep this type of rambling running. I didn’t want to face any possibilities what Jane meant by ‘whole’ wasn’t what I thought ‘hole’ meant, meaning the one you crawled into saving your ass from the world which suddenly slid away from under you, just as now, if she meant a complete person, whole, or at least part, made me smile slightly knowing with the majority of people,  I’d never known anyone who was such; fully intact. 

What about the ‘broken wagon’, was this my truck? 

If so ‘hole’ wasn’t a mine…mine…wait...Holy Jesus! ‘Mine’ wasn’t about diggings...but something that belongs to a person. Who? Hell, it's all pointing... probably…to me. ‘ME!’ 

Things sometimes hit the same as being kicked by a mule in the gut, knocking the wind right out of you. And I could feel that rush of air leaving me when things came clear, that actually the ‘man’ Jane spoke about was literally…me.

Quickly I ran it off in my head:
‘Whole’ - a complete person.
‘Mine’ - something I had.
‘Wagon’ - the truck.
‘Man’ - is me.

I must be out of my mind from all this, standing here in a situation at best is lunatic thinking God has surely abandoned me and my evil ways for lack of responding to years without prayer except when hell fell upon us on another godforsaken landscape not much different from here except the humidity in the jungle will turn your skin all sorts of colors thought unimaginable through a bunch of men having landed on some rock being told it’ll all be over in a couple of days when shit was still running down their legs from fear after thirty days of FUCKING COMBAT!! which I yelled at the top of my voice and heard the light echo returning soft with an eerie touch from the Pinto’s, with my straw western-style hat though I was far from a rancher, cocked back on my head at the very least gave some shade to the matter even with several holes in its brim, while ‘I’, the only to hear this ranting thought who the hell is going to hear me out here probably caused the cold shiver down the back of my already sweet socked shirt; that kind of chill telling you-you're not alone.

And that’s exactly true.

Something else overheard the screaming and throwing of things as I unhitched the spare tire setting the jack cursing all the while the heat talking its fun with what little mind remained in this boiling skull making quite a site as I further cried out how life was most devilish how I’d wished never being born, how I wanted just to sit in the cool shade take my boots off and have nice nap next to a pool of cool water filled with fish I’d already set the bait too, a small bell at the end of the rod surely waking me from the light snooze with a soft breeze passing and not a grain of sand for miles, that’s what I was yelling to myself about but of course not out loud what’s the point also you needed to save energy out here no room for shenanigans. Hell, it’s just a flat tire and besides...then I heard those crackelings...and froze.

Sort of high with a quick dry sound but dropped low like rocks in a tin can settling. Tin can. Tinning. Or is this a person I thought while driving but knew none by such figuring maybe heard wrong from Jane’s side seeing the situation as it was, but watching those beautiful lips of her’s speaking, mouthing those words wouldn't be hard for me believing I’d heard otherwise.

Tin mine. Tin cup. Plate. Nuts and bolts, hell there were so many things made of the stuff you couldn’t think of them all, and here ‘tinning’ what in Lords name was that? Not a name. Not place I’d ever heard of in these parts anyway.

But I’d been all through this on the drive wondering which way it all meant and then some going in circles half the time, while over the cliff the other, and right now I wasn’t thinking of anything but tin because I knew only one thing that made that kind of noise out here and if it did meant you’re too damn close because it would cover…the…distance…and…’cover’…

Well hell the same happened as before striking this time like a horse kicking between the eyes with his iron hoof newly shoed and ready to have at ya because you’re damn stupid and deserving it so knocking me near over whichever way because I had to decide pretty quick for the time wasn’t in my favor the least. 

In that flash what worked in my head tinning is using melted tin to cover other metals to keep them from rusting. Jane must have meant covering or something being covered, whatever simply meaning cover but for what I hadn’t a clue that didn’t matter much now nor had I any interest finding out because just then the rattler struck with incredible speed sinking its fangs deep into my boot just above the ankle. 

Now rattlesnakes in these parts aren’t the normal kind you find west of here toward cooler climates. These here are out for a couple of things; one, their angry as all hell because they don’t get much food seeing the place being so sparse as it is; and two, they're just mean from the unbearable heat God put them under, and this one was certainly both at levels leaving you with the thought you just wished you’d stayed in bed.

As thick as your wrist and a good five feet when coiled this one could lash out and strike from several feet hitting its mark with the greatest of ease, and that’s just what this did for a split second before in my fear I hastily reached for the quickest tool of defense I had not the knife on my hip that would have taken longer and we are talking time less than a second with these critters as it was just split second I saw it move and without knowing my brain shot the signal getting my hand out of the way faster then I could have done myself and at the same time reach for the jack handle just inches away still in the jack. 

The snake struck once wasn't enough for this type, I knew wouldn’t stop till either it bit and not just once but half a dozen times they were mean enough, or I hurt it bad enough would retreat and with only a jack handle didn’t seem likely.

The only time you have now, at this particular moment is while the snake recoils readying itself for another strike, but not like in some dumb Hollywood movie, curling itself up so in a tight circle. That takes too much time. In real, they retracted only a couple of inches then exploded using the strength of their muscles to get their prey like natures bullet, faster then the eye could see. Or at least seemed that way, but certainly, this wasn’t my first run-in with them. There had been several others and sure they always from my point, and others also said, if you’re being attacked they’re faster then the strike of lighting itself. And if they got ya, you’d wish the lightning had instead, because your chance for getting to the hospital were slim seeing the shock killed most people, not the bite itself so much because the heart beats like a mad rabbit when panic takes hold and if you’re hit by one of these you sure gotta keep your wits.

Well this snake did just that moved back a few inches then let loose another attack this time higher up aiming for the face as I was squatting changing the tire. I was still trying to get the hell out of there when it came and was damn lucky missing the first strike, but not this time. 

Had I known all of this, would I’ve ranted and raved with the flat and all what Jane said, and all that came to light from what she said?

 Hell no.

Instead, I would have seen the truck come to a stop not directly next to a burrow, that if I’d paid attention would have seen the possible dangers, and been a hell of a lot more careful as the snake sense me as the threat came and attacked, most likely a mother with young protecting because they just don’t crawl around looking for trouble as snakes are shy, liking to stay away from big things such as people tromping around, but if they feel threatened all that becomes greatly changed.

What I could do when the strike came was simply lower my head hoping it might bite the skull there being less skin. If it struck the face or neck that would be very bad indeed especially with the flat trying to repair and the drive back I'd probably not make from passing out running off the road or simply losing control of muscles because that’s what the venom does. Actually rots away tissue and blood, killing nerves. It’s a mess. We were bit by cobras in those jungles and damn if they didn’t look worst for wear then combat. Christ I remember were two that didn’t even know they’d been bitten with all the enemy fire thinking it was just a small piece of shrapnel till they practically dropped dead. One did latter. The other lost half his leg from the poison. 

It might have been on instinct but again the snake moved so quick I don’t know how it was possible, but as I dipped my head readying for the intense pain and no doubt shock to follow, though wasn’t because my brain had already shut down certain areas knowing a person does crazy things while traumatized, Lord knows anyone in a panic will tell you they don’t remember much afterward. 

Here wasn’t different. I slightly ducked my head no more than maybe an inch or two, my chin almost hitting my chest, and in a fraction there was a rustling sound as my hat flew from my head back onto the ground and started flipping this way and that in all sorts of direction filling the area with a fine cloud of dust.

I pushed away with my legs from crouching I’d been in since jacking the truck when all this started no more than ten-seconds must have past, but seemed of course half your life, rising and stepping backwards away from the hat and its wild dance till I felt safe a good twenty feet as the hat moved under the truck and in its shadow I could see now what gave me more of a surprise then I’d had in a while even from this entire situation; the snakes fangs were caught in the hats brim.

As it is with nature a snake will open its mouth as wide as possible when striking, and in that second can inject enough venom to easily disable the prey which it will then track down and devours, but the body of the pray is soft so the fangs withdraw easily after the venom injects. In both cases here, my boots were too thick or the angle which the snake struck them simply caused the fangs to glance off otherwise they might have stuck in the boots and seeing the size of this one it would be more likely than not to be the case, in which I would be having a hell of a time right now, however the second attack, the fangs struck in the hat, well there must be something else to that, because it goes beyond luck, not able to retract the fangs so as to close its mouth, the snake jerk, twisting desperately trying to free itself, and where it bit was a seam reinforced with extra stitching, otherwise it might have just passed through striking my head or face.

As I stood not even breathing hard simply watched as the snake wrapped around my hat crushing it I thought what death must be for the prey caught at that moment, the poison in its blood, in agony from the wound and the rotting for once the strike blood cells immediately start dying along with tissue affecting everything from the brain and its nevus system cramping muscles stopping movement, and then to beat all it begins eating you while you’re still alive. 

Nature is very simple most often, and with a loud thud the snake pulled away from my hat after a desperate battle yanking itself so hard that once free from the force struck the underside of the truck and without a moments pause, slid back into the small burrow it came from.

It was over and my grasping for air for I must not have breathed enough began, my body tense with adrenaline pumping through became tight as a coil itself not much different from the snake, and I nearly jumped from my boots when the hand touched my shoulder.

CHAPTER 29: SHOULD THEY REACH

Jane knew the Shaman would find her. It would not be difficult. She wasn’t afraid of the Shaman but was of what the Shaman would bring.

In the forest behind where Jane grew up with her foster parents who she was given when at two years of age her real parents were killed in an accident while hunting for beaver, shot, believed to be poachers trespassing on private property, therefore exonerated of any wrongdoing, none being brought to trial.

But that's not what happened. 

Her parents were well within tribal land setting traps when two shots were fired shattering each of their skulls from hunting rifles of high caliber. Their bodies then collected along with the traps and placed on private property where then authorities were contacted.

Being deer season the hunter's story told to the authorities they believed the two were deer and shot them seeing they had right to hunt on their own land.

But that’s not true either.

What was, the two chained and abused for a week till released where given the chance should they reach their tribal lands without being caught were allowed their freedom. 

However, should they be captured would again be chained in the cellar and abused for another week. This would continue till either they reached the tribal land or died, chained in the cellar.

They were released four times, and four times caught. Never did they reach their land.

Both died in the cellar, taken at the edge of the property and shot near their hunting traps.

Questions were asked as to what their advanced state of emaciation resulted from, but none as to brushings, lacerations, or chafing around wrists and ankles. It was deducted by local law enforcement the two became disoriented starved, and in their incoherent state abused one another eventually trespassed, and were shot. 

Tribal authorities were notified to collect the bodies. 

The tribe wanted to take Jane, educate her in their schooling system, however community authorities objected stating the tribe had no jurisdiction in the matter, only her grandfather could accept responsibility, of which no one knew his whereabouts for he left the tribe because the marriage of his daughter was not with one from the tribe, but with a Caucasian. A white man.

Jane entrusted with her foster parents till departing for university studies at the age of eighteen, did not during that time return, except seeing them only after her graduation where she collected personal belongings, boarded a bus for the South leaving one day after arrival.

She followed the Shaman knowing the Shaman able to communicate with both living and dead, held the key to her mother and fathers deaths, and in their confrontation killed three men responsible for the death of her grandfather, of which the spirit of the Shaman escaped.

The local police detective assigned to the death of the three believed something very different and strange with the murders.

When in fact the deaths occurred ‘between’ two separate times of which Jane passed freely without recognition, except the woman with the turquoise neckless whom she met outside an abandoned bus station, which acting as the ‘marker’; the place of entrance ‘between’.

Just outside the post office of a small desert town whose mayor was murdered at the same time a local resident chased the criminal, witnessed something as the mayors assassin passed through.

Only later while telling Jane in her semi-remote cabin what he’d witnessed, fell into a dream revealing he’d seen a man wearing a white suit with almost the same colored hair, having sharp blue eyes and gold-rimmed eyeglasses, at the same time instructed by Jane he had to search the mountains nearby.

Of where near certain death in his search was attacked only afterward recovering from, felt a touch on his shoulder in a place where he absolutely became convinced, was completely alone.

Yet, so much so, when the case closed by the station captain the detective investigating the deaths of three men outside an abandoned bus station quite in order to pursue it further leading nowhere till seven years later while as a private investigator read the news of the same crime happening exactly as before, with near exact circumstances.

CHAPTER 30: ANOTHER TYPE

As quick as I could pull air watching that snake and all the possibilities racing through my mind, being hot and dried jumped right out for what I needed badly though for fear of a heatstroke coming as I started seeing those tiny stars around my eyes was oxygen and was just about out panting as I did as a dog after a long run bent over with my hands on my haggard out knees of the even more desperate pants I’d worn for what seemed fifty years, when I felt a slight touch on my right elbow.

From the events just happening, filled with adrenaline dancing around the brain along with the lack of enough air causes a person to do some pretty strange things, that plus instinct and probably the war produced a reaction where spinning on my heels while grasping  the Bowie on my hip by the time I turned to face whatever came this time ready holding the extremely sharp dull-gray almost black perfectly balanced blade firmly in my right hand as my vision focused in the still bright sun though low on the horizon shone almost directly into my eyes thinking how perfect the attack was for I couldn’t see a damn thing but the brightness of that orange-red heat still driving deep into the deserts day not yet over as I'd prayed would.

Training and surviving jungles and combat taught you several things; stay low and use all your senses. Even though the sight was blinded I had my ears and in this place and time of silence you could hear a person breath fifty feet away when the sun low like this took the cushion off the world as the heat from the day distorts sound such you can’t trust what’s what even though it stood right smack in front of you just at as now, just as the high-pitch ringing heard for years especially when the day was dead quiet in this wilderness started to fade leaving me with some form of clarity. For all it’s worth.

Blinking, squinted eyes reducing the suns brightness as much as possible, I wanted to be ready when the time came to strike just as the snake I coiled, prepared; defending myself with all cost, when something passed in front of the sun for a moment casting a slight shadow only the briefest if any so quick I wondered did it happen or was I simply exhausted from the past couple of days if not weeks ever since meeting Jane, sure my life is anything but restful works with the mind sometimes in the fiercest manners never allowing judgment of certainty by any standards to play out.

The shadow was tall but then I squatted some bending at the knees, still without use of my eyes much I listened for sounds, any sounds giving sign of direction, weight, and numbers as there might be more than one by now I’d risen my left arm at shoulder height extended slightly in front of me preparing to deflect any attack while at the same thrusting forward with the right holding the knife, but heard nothing nor was there any changes in the light as before. It was only myself looking into the near setting sun and that's all with an exaggerated imagination playing tricks.

Standing waiting for what seemed an hour though no more of ten-seconds, I slowly straighten myself to an almost standing position quickly scanning first right then left, then behind but again I was alone. 

Standing upright I took a few deep breaths used my left hand to block the sun I could indeed see there was not a thing ahead of me other than the open desert; glancing behind only the Pinto’s and the limp truck with its flat which needed fixing and quick because it would be dark soon and the last I wanted was fussing with a damn tire in the dark as I wanted to save the six-volt lantern battery of my ‘Big Beam’ hand lamp I always carried in the truck's toolbox, but if need be it was the best light, able to sit on its widebody base looking like a big red brick I could find and been using it now a number of years without error. Its light reached more than other lanterns I’ve tried plus the light could be focused with a wide or narrow beam, and if you were working in the fields at night or fixing flats on darken roads you could be seen about five hundred yards if the road was straight.

But something told me I didn’t want that. I wasn’t that easily spooked but I felt strongly not have a lantern showing where I was for reasons I couldn’t place, and ‘Big Beam’ would do just that blinding me as well except if I places the red filter cap over the light, but that would drop my working ability considerably though not hurting my night vision the least. 

All I wanted right now was get the tire changed and keep moving, which first I did have a good look under for that snake as during the night it was sure to return in a much cooler environment, mean as all hell and by-God if I had to go through that again I might as well camp right here the night sleeping in the cab though I had blankets enough for the back-end ready still could feel the chill of evening and when that red ball sank within an hour you’d want a fire going. Christ if this place don’t beat the brain to death. Freeze at night; boil in the day.

And there that nagging feeling of, ‘no you don't want to stay the night here’ came reaching along my back bringing up goosebumps putting me to the work with a greater enthusiasm and was very pleased indeed with tightening the last nut on the new tire, lowering the jack, and stepping in the cap just as the place seemed to turn darker than usual but then my night vision was good, accustomed to the growing night and when you turn on any light such as those in the truck, everything seems mighty black.

That’s what I told myself. Because I wanted to keep as calm as possible. 

But that’s not exactly true.

It was darker than normal I just lied trying to trick my brain which wasn’t good thing to do since once it woke up and realized what ‘you’ did became very different not believing any longer things ‘you’ did or said; thought ‘you’ did or said, that which simply did what ‘it’ wanted and sometimes ran away very, very quickly, from everything. 

I had to let my brain think it was in charge with all this, a responsible caretaker in a garden overgrown with weeds of thoughts since childhood, maybe before, left unattended, wild, like a fire snapping as it grew consuming itself. 

Christ what nightmare this was becoming. I didn’t know when the shit started or ended as I pumped the gas pedal once turned the ignition and she fired up, pistons thumping forcing a slight steady rocking as always almost enough to put you to sleep and probably would have if it wasn’t for in the distance I abruptly saw a light moving where there was no road about four hundred yards off into a field opposite the Pinto’s who now were practically invisible against an almost pitch black sky and would have except for stars appearing, steadily providing the mountains silhouette with a sensation I never felt brought about.

But how a light, and in the middle of the field? The door window was rolled down so I leaned out a moment thinking maybe I could hear something but that was the brain having revenge for my lying since with the engine running what was I really expecting to hear? 

Or was I subconsciously trying to escape?

Or was I subconsciously trying to meet what came towards me?

That last thought was enough. Turning I pulled open the backpack brought still on the seat filled with material I believed valuable for the trip and took out my pair of binoculars I’d left right on the top for quick use, turned back while thinking it was just the brain again having a go, that there wasn’t any light, when I looked back into the field not only saw the light but noticed it had moved considerably closer towards me, it’s beaming having widen.

Not possible for a person to move that quick I was only in the cab five to eight seconds getting the field glasses, but here in quick calculations, the light traveled at least one hundred yards! 

Jesus Christ I spoke aloud lifting the binoculars to my eyes, suddenly realizing only now they felt different and seemed slightly heavier and larger, but in the darkness and excitement thought little till I looked through them and with a shock like a hot knife cutting into your brain, realized they weren’t mine…not the one I’d carried for years driven hundreds of mile with, looked endlessly into the distance horizons dreaming what lay beyond. 

No. These were something different.

I bought four years ago from a drunken tourist out of cash from Long Beach an outstanding Bausch and Lomb Zephyr-Light binocular, 9X35mm with central focusing and Balcote anti-reflection surfaces, a magnification 9 times, with linear field at a distance of 1,000 yards, it was my prize possession along with my firearms and Bowie. But what I held in my hand couldn't possibly be the same. And wasn’t though my brain told me so and to shut up and have a gander through them because I’m really going to enjoy seeing what’s coming.

It took a few seconds to understand what it was I was seeing because everything was black as I removed then replaced them several times on my eyes trying to gauge where the light in the field was, and only lifting them upward seeing the stars did I understand; these were extremely different, extremely powerful glasses.

The starlight was magnified considerably, ten-times came to mind that and thinking ‘how’ as I lowered the glasses and looked again and here the light in the field advanced again another hundred yards! Just in the short time, I looked back and forth from the field to the night sky. 

Sweet Jesus I whispered letting out a breath I'd held too long. And then the panic woke. 

I clearly saw the light flashing in my mind, the one that tells you everything is all right, everything is going to be just fine, flicker then die. The light that came on afterward, the red bright light that tells you shit is coming and a lot of it was blinding. This was almost as bad as the snake because with that it all happened so fast the ‘everything ok’ light never went out though flared once or twice, not even near the fuckin’ red light now burning a hole into the center of my brain now laughing at me for screwing around with it, which at this level I firmly understood must be really angry with me maybe the whole time we’ve been together and all the times I ‘screwed it’ my brain is now taking revenge for, and right this very moment picks to let me just stand around instead of doing a logical thing like get in the truck and drive away as fast as possible ‘RIGHT GODDAMN NOW!’

Desperately I scanned the area of the field I thought the light was, but still couldn't see it only the darkness surrounding the bastard Christ were the fuck is this…THERE..the glasses picked up a huge glow swinging in and out of the circled binocular vision, blurred so like a giant white sun. 

With my finger, I tried feeling for the focus ring around each eye lens but there wasn't one. I didn’t want to remove the glasses from my eyes for fear I’d lose the light, and with all that was happening would be damn difficult finding it again, also my brain might play one of its tricks cramping my fingers so I couldn’t move them, even my hands, hell for all I knew my whole body could go dead, but fumble as I might there was nothing except what seems a small button on the center where the binoculars bridge rested on my nose, the only object felt, so I pressed it hopping the thing wouldn’t snap shut on my face realizing right now, anything was possible. 

I didn’t want to know where the glasses came from. They were on the top of what I brought for the trip just where I place ‘my’ own. But these were of another type. Slightly heavier, not that larger in lens diameter, nor length. But they felt different. Rubber. Soft. Not the metallic body of my Bausch and Lomb. 

But when I pressed the button, the whole damn world changed.

CHAPTER 31: PART OF ALL THINGS

Jane walked up to and in passing through the ‘marker’ entered the ‘between’ knowing the Shaman would be waiting.

Needing to listen to the message, directly after Charlie grew senseless in her cabin knowing the importance for him, gently slide the headset off able to hear the remaining, as the loud crackling from nothing to a point the mind closed growing unconscious itself from the pitch along a frequency existing only a fraction of time, then abruptly ended. 

Grasped in those last moments Jane realized what Charlie would have to endure, and though she didn’t have the same feeling for him as he for her, she believed there are people that can achieve what they are intended, just as others not, just as she was to meet the Shaman who, having great powers, could easily change many things by telling what befell many who sought the wisdom; good, or not. 

The ‘markers’ being the balance as all things in nature created by others so long ago they themselves are forgotten, but the knowledge of ‘markers’ existence, the way to pass through, how to manage once in ‘between’ were passed from one to another chosen by those possessing that knowledge, of one capable in receiving and understanding the complexities for once learned, it is erased from the mind. Forgotten.

This failsafe ensures security should knowledge learned by an opposing pressure be acted upon through access altering the ‘between’, they themselves would face annihilation for whoever manipulating such controlled every element as they understood time to be.

And Jane knew for her, what time was.

She waited for the Shaman in the field next to the ancient oaken forest she'd grown up in Minnesota as a child always entranced while terrified at what lay beyond for having ventured seldom more then where blackness over-took the light, standing only in that grey area, and practiced understanding what the ‘between’ was and how it could be managed through use of the messages were helpful locating 'markers'.

 For her they were mere signposts in a landscape learned long ago, yet slipped away like mornings as the day progresses which had since the earth formed rotating around the sun giving both light and darkness, a life and death of itself for the earth was dying as all things in the universe and only beyond did anything really survive, and there, where that independence of, the Shaman owned managing both the 'here' and 'then'.

Jane told by her grandfather while ‘between’, ‘The Shaman is most powerful among those departed. Never confront the Shaman there. But find not the weakness either. You must only meet the Shaman on your own ground. That is the Shamans failing. Only you know your true source. Your strengths. These will protect you against what the Shaman brings.’

A moment later she watched as the three men killed her grandfather, witnessing it from ‘between’ powerless to change any form of alteration for the Shaman was there with his death for Jane had already seen how she was to kill them, and how the Shaman would escape. Seeing this all before hadn’t changed the slightest her understanding of what was to happen. 

Jane knew afterward, all would change. The change was part of all things just as the seasons and their movements, but here was more than just as one dreams wondering what becomes of them once they awake, then experiencing them later questions whether they were a dream at all, here those dreams became real, still for Charlie which she’d known before ever meeting him, before arriving in Mesquite Springs, before wanting love, what would happen to him?

She knew soon the Shaman would arrive. She also knew not to enter the forest no matter what happens once the Shaman approaches. If she does her grandfather told her, ‘Once the Shaman leaves, entering yours, it will close. Do not go there or you too will be closed with the Shaman’s, and not able to control what happens, because the Shaman is in yours.’

There is a feeling of having slept well after nights before nearly none, Jane was still clear-minded and confident about the lack of sleep, simply her mind unrested knowing what had to be done and how. Now with the moment upon her, she relaxed and waited.

There were no ceremonies, no tightening of one's spirit this was all folklore passed down for others to read and practice, those that sometimes wanted to know what was ‘between’, but those which understood, always entered without the slightest effort; simply as one taking a breath.

With her foster parents farmhouse behind her in the distance standing a clear twenty yards from the forest in the waist-high cornfield, Jane saw the Shaman step out of the woods into the sunshine of a warm midmorning day holding a book in one hand and a blue colored rope in the other, then using quick long strides toward her would take only a few seconds before they faced one another.

Jane’s hands were loose by the sides she hadn’t moved since waiting for the Shaman, and in the instant seeing the Shaman remained a moment till the Shaman closed the distance in half, exhaled the breath held that entire time while slowly raising her right hand holding the turquoise neckless. 

The Shaman not more than five yards from Jane stopped. Jane felt the immense energy surge around them the Shaman brought, so much the corn began to bend over as if thin reeds in a steady wind the circle where they stood widening back toward the forest where once in contact Jane saw the ageless oaks shudder, their leaves vibrating. She then heard howls approaching from within the forest and knew in a moment what the Shaman brought would soon pour out onto the flattened field.

There was no wind still Jane felt greater the Shaman’s power increase, swirling not with force but of a pressing nature as if suffocating slowly replacing air with something stale, dry, rancid like, but with a sweet coppery rose scent attached, and wouldn’t be long Jane knew she'd find herself gasping unable to breathe, quickly unconscious, and lay dying. 

At the last, eyes fluttering from deprived oxygen Jane rose her half-opened left hand just as they poured onto the now-leveled corn field charging toward her with all the hatred ever there was in the world as the Shaman loosened and with a thunderous crack whipped the blue rope now ablaze cutting the ground turning the soil into a line a smoking red and black molten rock.

CHAPTER 32: BURST THE DARKNESS

The beam floated drunken swinging whichever way and I knew someone was walking. Sometimes it would disappear a second or so probably passing a bush, then shone right at me and held there as if letting me know I wasn’t forgotten. But the way it looked that was the difference I’d never seen before.

When pressing the button on the bridge of the binoculars all the light changed to an eerie strange green, and suddenly the beam was so bright looking like a flare I could hardly see the figure of a tall man walking swiftly holding the light in his left hand while in his right carried a rifle of some sort, and numbers constantly crossing the view going from left to right were at first very distracting, until I understood they were distance and altitude of the person. 

In the second war, the Germans invented optical vision used during the night, but this was the first I’d ever seen let alone the type. Whatever I let the glasses view automatically focused extremely clear instantly, and with this I could tell the man had a mustache and long hair carrying also a gun holstered to his right side and across his chest wore a belt with ammunition along with a large knife. Also, he was going fast; about two-hundred yards now, but would reach me at this pace in maybe five minutes. Probably less.

I quickly swung the glasses left then right searching but only two jackrabbits both sitting quietly could be seen and three snakes. More snakes Jesus reminds a person not to walk around at night but I hadn’t the time for snakes now being full of them plus what to do with this character coming on me fast seeming determined with a serious business intent by the way of his stride. 

Thinking quick what were the options here; get in the truck and drive, she was already running and ready; stay put and find a safe position, hiding; leave the truck running as he approached shot him.

None I was too happy with. 

The first seemed best but here I was for a reason.

The third gave me only one shot and if I missed or didn't feel threatened how would I explain it to the police.

The second was not even a thought more of self-preservation instinct one always gets after knowing there was little room to escape and you’d end up standing your ground but didn’t want to fight like most just want to stay low hoping it will all pass over. Just as snakes. Christ, what the hell I’m thinking about snakes? Was that son-of-a-bitch back curled under my feet ready to stick again?

I quickly turned around not lowering the glasses though the truck was running I hadn’t turned the lights on, and looked down at my feet then moving toward the truck which for anyone watching might have thought rather strange as why a person would be using glasses at such a short distance when I heard the gravel voice behind me causing a near heart failure.

‘Because the glasses auto-focused on any heat or image,’ a stern calm voice stated very clearly.

I froze. Not even able to think. Again the voice spoke.

‘Anything makes you jump. How is that?’

‘Whaa…whaa..’ I tried but was quickly cut off.

‘‘What’ the hells with you?’ the voice having now a slightly humorous tone.

Snap. What happened I couldn’t remember clearly only as I turned reached pulling my knife, swung around to face the man in a low position bent at the knees flexed, left arm ready to defend right hand holding the knife feeling it simply as an extension of my hand, thinking ‘like the snake’,  I was met with absolutely nothing but darkness surrounding the beam of light on the ground twenty yards in front of me. Suddenly the truck's headlights burst the darkness open behind me, exploding the night into an endless desert.

‘You and snakes,’ the tall man said with a voice low, as I turned seeing his hand still holding the headlights knob the other with the rifle. He simply stood there ten feet away looking directly, not bothering to use the driver's door for cover should I attack, though I had a feeling he could understand everything I was thinking so what was the point.

I relaxed slowly straightened still holding the knife watching while he stepped away from the truck taking only two steps toward me.

‘So’, with his free right hand lifting it slightly pointing it halfway at me and half at the dirt as if the effort to point directly was too much with a smile forming stated, ‘you ready?’

What could I do but look at him wondering how he closed the distance so quickly, how he moved to the truck, and who the hell was he?

This time I found the voice I’d forgotten was there buried in years of doing what I was told, humping over the desert delivering to rich folks goods they themselves were too damn lazy to collect themselves always looking down at you as if you’re nothing but shit, the voice used seldom only in times knowing there was trouble coming.

‘Fuck this,’ I said slow and deep moving directly for his right ride knowing it was his weakest most open as he’d lose a second or to either raising his right hand going for the pistol on his hip, or bringing up his rifle into his right, then firing, both taking a second or so more than I needed, and with my movements flicked the wrist of my right hand of such force I’d thought I might have snapped it, sending the knife toward the man’s gut area just below the ribcage with such speed I couldn’t follow the path but knew it would strike.

But then the flash blinded, bringing my hand instinctively in front protecting my face but my left hand struck something my right held against my eyes both hard and metallic. Blinking I felt the weight of the heavy object in my hand which in shock knew to be my binoculars the metal Bosh and Lomb I’d brought with me. The ones I put in my bag on the seat. The ones just a moment before were something very different.

And there I stood holding the field glasses, seeing in the distance a bright beam dancing in the dark. Just as it had done a moment earlier. And then I understood it was the beams light I watched through the lenses, the brightness being the flash of intense white, almost causing me to lose my mind which right now wondered all this wasn’t understandable the least as how could in an instant the world very so differently.

Watching the beam float as it had earlier across the desert again someone approached this time not so quickly. I lowered the glasses scanning the area for any other lights finding none lifted the binoculars carefully placing them up to my eyes trusting the damn thing, not the slightest. 

Taking a moment to locate the light, again lowering and raising the glasses adjusted bearings where I thought the light to be, finally I saw what I thought must be a ghost for something white held the lamp seeing the lights reflection off the clothes when the lamp came close to the person of which I’d no idea either male or female, having though a full stride, wouldn’t take long reaching me just as the ‘first’ had, which made me focus whether they were carrying any weapons as the 'first', but with great care searching watching the arms and hands couldn't tell.

Finally, I lowered the glasses gauging the distance, and estimated maybe five minutes; like the ‘first’. How similar they were, yet different I couldn’t help but think were externally alike but how? And worst how was all of this possible or maybe I’d finally lost my mind imagining the ‘first’ and 'this' was real. Or maybe he killed me already and I was dead. And 'that' was real. This, just a dream.

Watching the light approach what did it matter. It was there I could see it. Just as the stars the blackness of the night sky, feel the cold desert night closing in. All there. Even the truck which just to make sure turning back saw it was still there, a darkening shadow without the light but still her engine running. 

When I turned back to the desert and the light I noticed right away, it had literally halved the distance. But I wasn't surprised. After all here you were, the mayor dead shot by someone escaping through what, ‘a horizontal waving line’? Then all that’s happened with Jane, Christ is it any wonder this doesn’t seem odd the least? Why in all actually if this didn’t happen just as now, then I’d think ‘that’ was odd. The more I thought the more it seemed logical.

Just as watching the light and who would be holding for now no more than twenty yards but the man with the gold eyeglasses, calmly slowing, finally stopped not more than five feet a little to the left of me. 

‘Are you ready?’ his voice spoke softly. 

CHAPTER 33: DYNAMICS OF CAUSAL ORDER

Was I ever.

For anything.

Ready. 

Who was? 

How could you - or maybe many lived a lie saying they were. After what the man with the gold eyeglasses finished telling me the entire story, I began to wonder how much was real actually, of anything.

‘Are you ready?’ the man said.

‘I suppose I am,’ I replied without much hesitation as the words jumped from me wanting to know in a natural way what there was to be ready about.

He was tall. Very distinguished with hair the same as I’d seen as well as sharp blues eyes in my bedroom with Jane looking over her shoulder at me which I thought, or at least wanted to believe was simply my imagination, that there never was a man dressed in pure white, white hair cut flat on top dark eyebrows, and warm smile the kind that relaxed a person without knowing what they were relaxed from perhaps their own anxiety, just feeling at easy being good enough. Calm. Disarming. Comfortable. He had that effect. 

And something else. Something…as if… you’d known him before…that’s what I felt almost instantly seeing him the first time but I didn’t know what it was, only now that he wasn’t a dream made it clearer. We’d meet earlier.

‘It's possible,’ he said pausing slightly then added ‘before. You may be correct.’ 

He knew what I was thinking. Guessed probably I thought also his accent. Not from here…

‘Eastern Europe. I am from,’ he stated with a sort of calm as if knowing all the answers to all the questions and all the questions themselves which you would ask, continuing, slowly as if he were talking with a child, in fact, I felt like one being so close to him. 

‘Tell me Chalie, what do you believe is the cause of all what we are doing. Now. This moment?’

My mind racing couldn’t think of anything, then blurted out, ‘Choice…’  more of a question than an answer.

‘Yes. Choice. Interesting. And of this ‘choice’ we make, why do we make it?’ his accent there but not that distinguished meaning he’d been living in an English speaking country for some time, yet if he’d just arrived say after the end of the second war it would be rather strong.

Again I was left wondering what to say then suddenly…’We want something?’

He looked at me a moment. ’Would you say that we always think this way?’

Think ‘this way’? What the hell does he mean by that…

‘That Charlie the way we choose something is already fixed, is my meaning. That events characterizes a definite structure forcing this choice.’

I looked at him seeing behind his eyes a mind that wasn’t just quick as his blue eyes observing everything, but the ‘way’ of thinking was different I felt than in anyone I’d met before, and knew he would answer his own questions.

‘Interesting. No? Let us think a moment shall we. Imagine two people; you and Jane. Jane can send a message to you through a wire that connects you both. She wants to have a meeting and can tell you through this wire connection. If you get the message, you decide to bring your hat along, the hat which the snake seemed to be most interested in because it is now your ‘lucky’ hat. So…this is an example where the meeting Jane tells you about, which influences your decision to bring your ‘lucky’ hat. This order of events characterizes a ‘structure’. However, this structure may be ‘unknown’ insofar there might not be a fixed order in which events happen, for example, whether Jane influences you, or you influences Jane might not be defined, nor what would happen when a third person is added, say the mayor of your town. Or Jane’s grandfather.'

He paused a moment, only slight then began.

‘It was, therefore, necessary a ‘switch’ be added establishing an order of events and direction of the ‘structure’ which therefore depending on the reaction upon all things coming in contact with two elements. Do you know what these two elements are Charlie?' 

My head hurt trying to work out what he was talking about. First, the lights dancing in the darkness, and the first man I'm sure was...then I knew.

'Light and time,' I spoke with clear confidence.

Very good. For you see this wire connection you yourself have traveled upon, this ‘between’ as it is called, a place of all times, but you don’t remember, yet is after all ‘covering’ you. The ‘light’ you saw in the field after your mayor was killed, simply the ‘marker’ an entry point for the ‘between’.

‘Covering’…of course that’s what Jane meant by ‘tinning’. Being covered. That I am covered. But where…with what. Wondering if I was talking all of this out loud I looked deeper into the man’s eyes, seeing them so alive. Connected with everything.

‘Yes, Charlie,’ he stated with his accent all the while watching closely not just my movements, but something deeper in me.

‘What did Jane say’, his voice slightly lower, ‘Head toward the Tin Hole Mine. Once there look for the man with the broken wagon….he knows.’

Pausing a moment waiting, making a point, began again, ‘Whole, meaning what…a complete person? Mine, you believe this means ‘something of yours’. Wagon, your truck. Man, this would be you. And tin…a cover. This your thinking?’ he concluded. Waiting. Observing.

I jumped at the chance for some reason inside blurted, ‘You’re saying there’s a connection, this ‘between’ with different times, that Jane and I connect into, even travel there and to get to this ‘between’ place the light is different called a ‘marker’, but besides Jane and I there can be others, but none of it has a structure until a ‘switch’ was added controlling events and their direction. Do I have that right?’

A slight smile grew on his otherwise blank face but said nothing.

‘I take it as a yes then. And of course there’s the tin, and whole, and truck-thing which has to be figured out too.’ I waited to see but there wasn’t the slightest reaction.

‘And you think I have the answers to all this.’

Still no response.

I wish I did then I could probably get in the truck and have a good sleep now feeling I’d not had in some time, but what was all this…

‘And what is all this?’ I spoke opening both arms and hand the palms toward the man, a natural direction for anyone telling them a person surrenders.

‘Why the hell am I out here? Looking for what?

‘Let's look at the motion of people under the action of forces of an order of events,’ he slowly spoke always watching my eyes looking at anything but. 

‘Let us say you Charlie, are able to control motion in the order of future events for Jane, her grandfather, and the mayor. You can transform this order of events between them in three manners: 

‘One, the event in Jane happens before the event in her grandfather, followed by an event in the mayor. 

Two, an unknown order, in which neither Jane is before her grandfather nor her grandfather is before Jane, with the mayor being always at the end. 

Lastly, number three, the event with her grandfather happens before the event with Jane, followed by an event with the mayor.’

He paused watching. Then continued.

‘You, having the switch and can control the three possibilities. With unlimited outcomes.’

‘Is this the ‘between’, where we are right now?’ a voice delivered which sounded not my own yet feeling my mouth open the words effortlessly, without reservation, spoke. I waited for the man’s reply standing relaxed almost in a dream, barely able feeling the ground under me.

‘Do you think you are in a place that can solve a specific problem,’ the man began, ‘more efficiently than say where you were an hour before, or even yesterday?’

There was a point since the conversation began I did feel relaxed, though perhaps this was due to fatigue over the past day or even week since in Jane’s cabin now thinking of it where all the strangeness began which now for some reason feels not the least out of the ordinary. 

His smile widened slightly. He knew of course what I was thinking. Or was this all simply my imagination from exhaustion not realized, that something pushing me so directly to this point, which actually being two points, my mind raced trying to understand how the one man with the weapons I threw my knife at, and this man could be the same?

‘And if so,’ he continued, ‘to what purpose does it make you whole?’

‘To what purpose…make you whole?’ I said aloud thinking.

Still only the smile. The blue eyes seemed never moving from mine watched for what? The white hair and suit bright against the pitch blackness of the desert night only the stars adding any contrast, peaceful through a maddening world shone worlds far away we’ll never see nor understand what did any of us really know outside our own created world of desires.

Sure I felt good, hell of a lot better since I can remember. More energy. My head clearer than muddled with fogs of sleepless nights wandering off during the day it was a wonder I hadn’t driven off the road or swerved into another car a hundred times over. I felt the cool night air passing along my face and arms the desert’s heat fading under its blanket bringing the nightlife about hidden from the days scorching sun across the entire desert floor as if its whole surface vibrated held back during the days with a desperation of wanting to get on with the task of living, stopping for nothing. Not even death.

The blue eyes still held mine and the golden glasses glowed a softness blurring the man’s face to the point wasn’t simply a reflection of what held a persons meaning, but what possibilities lay beyond. And what they could accomplish.

Watching this cloud of golden mist beginning its drift, I couldn’t help but imagine what Jane was doing and where she was. How and why suddenly this came to mind might very well come from what the man talked there being a ‘switch’ that paths crossed. And actually now thinking what was time itself anyway but some symbol we conjured helping us manage our way to death seeing it being the greatest inevitability, and most feared. And here I felt Jane wash over as waves back on the beach, again rolled in tasting its salt water, feeling course grains of sand and crushed shells from relentless millions of years the waters of the world moving across the surface eroding itself to nothing. Maybe Jane was there all along and I’d never known it part of this weathering, dissolving. Blending.

Maybe this desert wasn’t what I’d imagined either. Nothing more than the wishful desires we all had for one thing or another, for without hope few lasted their duration, myself included, reasons mania ran wild within me. What choice did it have really?

With the continuance of the dissolving man in front of me his shape almost obscured from images of lights and shadow mixed, seeing what I thought no longer a reminder from something years before recorded, but fresh anew, struck suddenly with such force every moment was simply that; new, yet I altered of which any and all into whatever believed important having. 

Often just for the moment.

Now with this moment the man’s shape near its completion being no longer the white suit and hair shown more of an image through which I could gaze into of swirling colors but strikingly no sound at all, for the desert had lost any voice owned, now only the sand of colors many of which I’d never seen before that being strange as I thought his world contained so many of, yet here emerged I could not possibly describe, and slowly from them, shapes revealed themselves growing in size and forces feeling not only strength from but also remembrance of.

Whatever this was the man was right saying was known before, both from long ago and recent, as far as could be, for here I again doubting what exactly each of those meant, when I noticed a shape began taking hold, formed and mixed with the colors, stronger, not shy in any way of this newfound strength, used with resounding effect, and great confidence.

But there was something of this so familiar it yanked at me till my own soul sprang forth, pulled into this divide, then realized the shape was Jane holding something silver, twisting alive high in her hand, and with her, close by, I could see well enough the pattern of whomever was massive having extremely bright blue flashes, bursts of lighting erupting heat of which melted the swirling colors itself, actually destroying itself with each rupturing blast, then instantly the two were surrounded, countless forms shifted, encircling them completely.

The bright bluish outburst caused the circle to tighten and as I stood watching felt myself leaving, departing this desert reaching inward through to where Jane and this scene evolved into some deranged a scene countless times acted, knowing each and every move covering the entire performances of all therein without a second thought, covering as the tin hole Jane spoke of, and which at that very moment I knew exactly what she meant; cover being 'protect'.

But protect from what looked as demons closing upon her the area she could move shrinking rapidly how and with what could I possibly protect her for all I had the clothes I wore along with the straw hat still on my head torn full of holes from its battle earlier with the snake. That snake caused me more trouble…the snake. Suddenly my mind shuddered. Quickly I looked again at what Jane in her hand held palm toward the swelling mass; a snake. 

'Imagination isn’t always your enemy' - the meaning was simple but how often we forget or don’t even bother noticing through everyday life; what might seem fantasy, usually isn’t, very well constitutes a warning, and exercise against the enemy learned during basic training we were taught what you imagine probably is, and this being a prime example caused a certain difference in a persons attitude altering not only thoughts but abilities.

EPILOGUE

What of the time and it’s standing still? The division. Parallel. Wanton mastery?

Often the victim, time relentlessly abused, cursed. Misunderstood, never itself escapes. Trapped.

For Charlie and Jane, the Shaman, and the man with the gold-rimmed eyeglasses, even Perry all played roles searching a common understanding of their own needs, wants, desires, fears in ‘between’  while their mandatory for existence and how all were affected by their actions came as an end result, a result where consequence ruled always, and always forgotten leaving those involved wondering what just happened, pending doom of what will, while fear reigns supreme controlling them without impunity, as True King of any future.

The cannon fodder ‘if's’ and ‘what's’ littered many fields their slow death from battles heavily outnumbered, beyond any sacrificial intention hadn’t a choice other than where they’d succumb without dignity nor clarification of their ends, brutally slaughtered for wants of a better tomorrow or good intentions known full well as lies, unable for lack of courage mounting an offensive which certainly held sway of victory, stating, ‘I’ve had enough’ simply wanted their own peace of mind, yet that too became infected, lame, eventually withered, died while that once great onset from any new adventure ‘I can’ became lost amongst twisted tales, minds simply uttered. 

Enchanting. Cursed. Promised. 

Anything is possible, the great vistas await only to be tamed by those with courage and understanding they needn’t rid a thing of greatest value to survive, or at very least cast it aside into those nothing else waters whose currents seduce.

###

Thank you for reading my story. If you have any questions or comments, please leave a message at the website.

Lucus Anthony Ren

Please visit https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/LucusRen for more stories and news.

Discover other titles by Lucus Anthony Ren

Mr E
Who Stole Know
Vanning
Bind
Steerage
Hard Monkey
Honestly Speaking
Markers
Naked Letters
Pinned
Shut Eye
Ringing
Drawn
