     
April 1st….

    Tom Reynolds closed the lid of his laptop. It was time to go home. It had been a long week and it was April 1st or as Kaitlyn liked to call it April Fooly Day. 
    Tom was excited to go home because tonight was pizza night at Manny’s. They had been going there for years. He and Emily went on their first date there where Tom later proposed to her in one of the booths. They continued going every Friday, even after Kaitlin came along. Manny was getting older and starting to slow down, but the pizza and the atmosphere were still the same. Multiple large TV’s lined the walls with Manny’s personal scenic paintings hanging beside them. He called them therapy. Manny had become a family friend and always came to every birthday party and was even a guest at their wedding. He had lost his wife a few years ago and both Tom and Emily had been by his side through the tough days that followed. Tom was looking forward to a half-cheese and half-mushroom pizza. They ordered the same thing every time. Emily and Kaitlyn ate the cheese side and he ate the mushroom. Kaitlyn called the mushrooms wiggly. 
      He turned the light off, closed his office door and waved to his fellow financial planning associates still working the phones. He looked forward to hearing about Emily and Kaitlyn’s day at school. 
      Emily worked in the front office assisting the principal running the busy elementary school while Kaitlyn was learning. She was a good student and well behaved. They had been blessed. He knew in part it was due to her busy schedule. She played softball, soccer and was active in scouts and so many other things that they all found enjoyable together. 
     From the day they first found out Emily was pregnant, they had agreed she would be the priority. That was just how it was done nowadays. No more did parent’s lives come first and the kids second. Everyone was now hovering over their kids. They were called helicopter parents but Tom and Emily didn’t care. They couldn’t love Kaitlyn any more than they did. 
       Tomorrow was the soccer tournament. It was all Emily has been talking about all week. Tom couldn’t wait. The weather was supposed to cooperate and her team had a good chance of winning. It was being held at the new Mercer Field Complex. It was a beautiful structure consisting of ten perfectly manicured soccer fields, two even covered with bubbles in case of inclement weather. This weekend was the grand opening. Tom was so excited to see her out there running on the crisp green fields. 
        He knew his boss George Mercer would be the biggest supporter. He was kind of the unofficial town leader. Everything went through him whether it was a business deal or a PTA matter. He just had that kind of influence. He was deeply connected. He was a great guy to work for. Tom was in his nineteenth year with the firm and had established a substantial clientele to manage. He still loved the job and tried to get the most out of the money his clients trusted him with and had done quite well. 
      They lived and worked in a quiet suburban town just shy of Northern Virginia, so there were always plenty of wealthy investors around. He had grown up here and Emily had come from a small western Pennsylvania town, but they both decided to start their family here. It just felt right. 
        He made the final turn into their development. It was a modest neighborhood. Most of the homes were four-bedroom colonials of different styles and sizes. No cookie-cutters. Theirs was somewhere in the middle as far as size. They had a two-car garage with one bay for Emily’s Honda and the other for Kaitlyn’s bikes and toys. Tom didn’t mind parking the Cherokee on the driveway. He always felt the day’s stress leave his body when he saw their house. He could see the white siding and green grass, luckily Emily had a green thumb and spent a few hours every weekend tidying up their yard. He usually cut the grass when she told him to, but that was about the extent of his lawn care.
       He slowly pulled into the driveway always careful in case Kaitlyn was playing outside. He didn’t see her today. He figured they must be inside getting ready for dinner. Emily usually had them both ready to go on Fridays. He could almost taste the pizza in his mouth now. There was a Starbucks nearby that had quickly become their new favorite, something about the hot chocolate. Kaitlyn loved to play grown up holding her cup with the cardboard holder just like them. They always took plenty of pictures. 
        He slowly made his way to the front door and was surprised to find it locked. Emily always kept it unlocked so Kaitlyn could come and go outside. He placed his key and turned the lock and stepped inside. He called out hello but there was no answer. Kaitlin didn’t come bounding down the stairs or come running from around the corner from their living room like she usually did. He was waiting for her to jump out at any moment and scare him, but there was nothing, just silence. 
He walked into the family room. The house was designed with an open living space with the kitchen right off the family room and the dining room at the other end. He looked at the fifty-inch TV he had so proudly hung on the wall last year, surprised to see it turned off. It was usually either tuned to the newest Disney Channel show or displaying a fast-paced Wii game. 
      Something wasn’t right he could just feel it in his chest. His breathing sped up as he walked and searched the entire house checking every room and even the garage. Emily’s car was there. He figured they had probably gone to a neighbor’s house or out for a walk. It was a nice day outside, a beautiful fall Virginia day. 
      He went upstairs and felt the cool breeze coasting through the open windows that Emily left open. He picked up the phone on the bedside table and casually dialed Emily’s cell. He jumped a second later when he heard the familiar “Piano Man” ring behind him. She was a huge Billy Joel fan. Her iPhone was sitting on the dresser. He felt his stomach begin to stir, something definitely wasn’t right. Emily never went anywhere without her phone. It wasn’t like she was addicted to it or anything, but she always had it with her in case something happened to Kaitlyn. 
      He stared at her phone for a few seconds and then went back downstairs, sat on the couch and waited. He turned on the news and listened to the sportscaster discuss another Redskins loss. He wasn’t used to this, they were always home. The house was too quiet. 
        A few hours later after both Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune, he watched the darkness creep through the windows. Something was wrong. He tried to think of every possible scenario. He wasn’t ready to call the hospitals or police yet, but he was getting concerned. 
       He walked around the house again glancing under beds and in the closets. He had seen to many police drama shows to not look. He saw no evidence of anything but their normal everyday livings. 
       He finally gave in and called Mary, Emily’s friend who lived down the street. She had two kids close in age to Kaitlin. He hung up a moment later after hearing she hadn’t spoken with Emily today. He wasn’t sure what to do. 
       He decided to take a walk around the neighborhood. He saw the Smith’s outside on their front porch having a drink. They were an elderly couple who lived in the large home across the street and enjoyed their cocktails on the porch every evening and usually knew the comings and goings of everyone on the street. They said they hadn’t seen his family all day. He looked at his watch, it was nearing 9:30 PM. Emily would never have Kaitlyn out this late unless it was an emergency or a very special occasion. She had taken to motherhood like boys to video games. 
      He got back into the Cherokee and drove to the elementary school. It had been a half-day today so both Emily and Kaitlyn should have been home before noon. She usually called him when they got home, but he had been in meetings with clients all day and had kept his phone on mute. There were no messages. The school and the parking lot were both dark and quiet.
       He reluctantly went to the hospital emergency room. He felt strange going in here. He was sure Emily would have called him if something had happened to Kaitlyn, so maybe something had happened to her he thought. He felt his pulse quicken. He walked through the automatic doors and was surprised at how quiet it was. There was only one person in the waiting room. A middle-aged man with his hand wrapped in a bandage. 
Tom hadn’t been here since Kaitlyn had broken her arm a few years ago falling off a slide. He walked to the desk staffed by two young ladies in pink scrubs. He asked them if any one named Reynolds had been brought in. He even described Emily and Kaitlyn. They shook their heads and the younger one with long brown hair even called to the other local hospital and relayed to him that there was no one there by that name or description. They wished him luck as he shuffled back out the door and climbed back into his car. He looked back at the bright glowing red letters spelling out “Emergency Room” and wasn’t sure if he was relieved or more anxious that they weren’t there. 
       A few long moments later, he was back in his driveway. The clock on the dashboard read 11:00 PM now. He quickly jumped out of the Cherokee and ran to the door opening it with one swift motion. They were still not home. He called out all their names and ran through the house again, no sign of anyone.
            He decided he would wait until midnight and as soon as he saw both hands come together on the twelve, he dialed 911. It felt so eerie calling 911 and telling the female operator that his family was missing. It was like a different voice coming out of his mouth. He answered all the normal questions and after a few minutes she said an officer would be arriving shortly. He hung up the phone and waited on the front step. 
      About ten minutes later, he watched a police car pull in behind the Cherokee. A middle-aged man in a dark crisp police uniform with a short military style haircut and a thick mustache stepped out and approached him. He invited him in.
           “So, tell me Mr. Reynolds what makes you think they are missing. Have you checked with all your family and friends?”  He had a friendly voice.
       Tom nodded and leaned back against the wall in the foyer. He watched the officer whose nameplate read Thompson, pull out a small spiral notebook. “Yes, I’ve checked everywhere. I even went to the hospital. Something is wrong…something has happened to them.”
     “Take it easy Sir. I’m sure it’s just a mix up, this kind of thing happens all the time.”
     “Not with us. Emily would have told me if they were going to go somewhere.”
      The officer looked upstairs. “Have you tried to call her?”
      “Yes, her phone is upstairs. She always has it with her.”  He pointed at the stairs. He felt his voice trembling as he spoke.  He saw the officer frown.
      “You mind if I look around?”  Tom nodded and watched the officer disappear into the great room area and a minute later he pointed at the stairs and Tom nodded. Tom watched as Officer Thompson slowly climbed the stairs and disappeared out of sight. A few minutes later, he came back down. “Everything appears okay. Let’s give them a little longer and see if they show up. I’ll make a few phone calls and check around.”  He looked at his watch. “How about another three hours?  Sound good? Maybe they are on their way back.”  Tom watched his eyes avoid contact with his.
      “What else should I do?” 
       Officer Thompson grabbed hold of the door handle. “I would keep checking with friends and try and remember if they said they were going anywhere.”  He stepped outside and shut the door. 
       Tom sank onto the ceramic hall floor just inside the front door and pulled his knees up close to his face. A minute later his cheeks were full of tears. He knew something bad had happened. He just felt it. He hadn’t seen Emily since early this morning when she was still tucked in bed. He had looked in on Kaitlyn as well. 
       He wasn’t sure how much time had gone by, but he must have fallen asleep because he jumped to the sound of a loud knock on the front door. He couldn’t believe the clock in the family room said it was 5:00 AM. He opened the front door knowing who it was before he even opened it. Officer Thompson was standing alongside another man who appeared to be about the same age, but he was wearing sport coat and slacks and had a full head of thick salt and pepper colored hair. 
      “Mr. Reynolds, this is Detective Paulson, he would like to talk with you.”  
       Tom led the three of them to the family room and they all sat down. The officers on the couch and Tom across from them in one of the two matching upholstered chairs.
     “Mr. Reynolds, I understand your wife and daughter are missing, is that correct?”
       “Yes.”  Tom nodded leaning forward towards the detective.
     The detective was looking at a piece of paper. “Let’s cut right to the chase. How can you explain this?” He held it towards Tom.
       “What?”  Tom tried to look at the paper.
        “It says your wife filed for a restraining order against you and a domestic battery charge yesterday.”
       “What?”  Tom felt his chest and head begin to throb. “What are you talking about?  That can’t be from Emily?”
       Tom watched the detective reach into a folder and pull out a large photograph. “Is this your wife?”  Tom looked at the picture in the Detective’s hand. There was Emily’s face all bloodied and beat up. “Is that your wife Sir?”  Tom felt the air rush out of his lungs like he was suffocating. “Please answer me yes or no.”
     He couldn’t stop staring at the picture of Emily. It was her. “How can that be?”
    “That’s what I’m asking you?  So, is this her?”
     Tom’s face was burning. His pulse was pounding in his head so loud he couldn’t even hear his own voice when he answered, “yes”.




















Chapter 2  

     They were seated in a small windowless room in what Detective Paulson called a satellite office. It was a small one-story brick building located behind the plaza which housed Manny’s. He would have never figured it for a police station. He kept wondering if he was in the middle of a dream, but the stale smell and uncomfortable steel chair ensured it was real. He was seated by himself and had been for a while. He knew they were probably letting him sweat it out. He had heard all the various police techniques on TV and the movies. He could see a small camera in the far corner and knew there were probably at least one set of eyes monitoring his every movement and facial expression, but he didn’t care. 
     He just wanted to know where his family was. He couldn’t imagine why she had filed that report. It had been her in the picture and her handwriting. Things had been a little stressful lately, but no more than usual. He didn’t remember a recent argument. Everything seemed so blurry and nothing made sense. He tried to remember every detail of the past few days but his brain wasn’t cooperating, it was just swirling around in mass confusion instead. He consumed a beer or two here and there, but that was it and he certainly didn’t do any drugs. How could this have happened?  He stared at the cement blocks lining the room and thought about Kaitlin and hoped they were okay. He so longed to see them and hold them. He felt the tears begin to flow out of his eyes again. Everything was so surreal. He couldn’t think of any way he could have done that to her, but it was right there in black and white. He had heard all the stories of people blacking out and committing outrageous acts. 
        Suddenly, the door opened and Detective Paulson entered. He had removed the jacket and was wearing a buttoned-down shirt with his gun prominently displayed on his side. He had a thick manila folder in his hand. He immediately sat down opposite Tom and placed the folder gently down in front of him. 
   “Can I get you anything Mr. Reynolds?  Water, coffee, soda?”
     Tom shook his head and wiped his eyes. “No thanks.”
      Tom watched as the Detective repositioned himself and leaned forward and opened the            folder. “Let’s just cut to the chase here Mr. Reynolds and tell us what this is really about?”
      Tom met his eyes. They were stern and almost looking through him. “I don’t know.”
“Was there a fight? Too much to drink?  It happens to all of us. The sooner you let us know the sooner we can move on.”  He opened the folder and placed the same sheet of paper in front of Tom as well as the bloody picture.
Tom covered his eyes. He was beginning to feel lightheaded. “I don’t know.”
“Look we can play games in here all day, but the sooner you let us know the better it is for you. You can help yourself by being up front with us. You’re a smart guy, you have a good job and do a lot for the community, we’ll help you out but you just have to help us.”
“I didn’t do anything.”
“Mr. Reynolds, we have a signed and sworn statement from your wife from yesterday morning that you physically beat her and even several photographs showing it. Also, there is a restraining order against you. Just tell us what happened.”
Tom felt the room around him begin to swirl and the next thing he knew he was being lifted off the floor by Detective Paulson. “What happened?”
“You passed out. Now stay put. I’m getting you something to drink.”  A minute later, Tom watched him return with a can of Sprite. “Now drink up.”  Tom opened the can and jumped slightly when he heard the sudden wisp of the pressure being released. He took a long drink and felt the carbonated beverage tingle its way down his throat and into his stomach. He felt as though he was going to vomit at any moment. 
   “Feel better?” Tom didn’t but he nodded anyway. He couldn’t believe this was happening. He looked at the clock above Paulson. It was almost 7:00 AM. He should be tucked in bed next to Emily with Kaitlyn sound asleep across the hall, but instead he was in a police station with a detective telling him he had beat up his wife and she had filed a restraining order against him. He took another long drink trying to keep the vomit down. 
 He stared into his wife’s eyes in the pictures. She looked so innocent, just like she did the day they had gotten married. They had met at an elementary school when Tom was giving a financial seminar for the teachers. She had originally had no interest in financial planning, but she had stayed after to listen as the teachers asked questions and as soon as the last one left she told Tom she was a first-year teacher and had no money. He spent the next hour planning out her future. Later that evening, they agreed to meet at Manny’s and had been inseparable ever since. Tom continued to stare at Emily’s picture. He was aware of the detective watching him, but he didn’t care. 
“Again, the sooner you come clean the better for you.”  Tom directed his eyes towards the detective’s deep brown intense glare. He couldn’t speak so instead he nodded his head up and down slowly. He watched as Paulson quickly rose from the seat across from him and walked to the other side of the small room and leaned against the wall. “I’m going to ask you one more time to tell us Mr. Reynolds or things are going to get a whole lot worse for you.”
     Tom slowly stood up and looked at Paulson. “Can I go?”  Paulson quickly left the room leaving Tom to himself. 
    A minute later, he left the room and the station and walked the couple hundred yards or so to Manny’s. Tom could see his friend inside straightening things up and getting ready for another day. Tom stood in front of the large window until Manny turned in his direction and waved at him. Tom waved back and Manny quickly came to the door and opened it up and invited Tom inside. 
     Tom reluctantly stepped through the door and felt the rush of warm memories swarm his brain.  Tom stared at Manny’s scenic pictures on the walls. The place had a familiar scent that Tom’s nostrils immediately recognized. Tom felt at home. Manny directed him towards the closest booth and sat down opposite him.
“I know that look Mr. Reynolds. Something is wrong. Please tell Manny.”
Tom looked across the table at the jolly looking man with fluffy white hair and a matching goatee. Manny had put on a few pounds and it showed in his face, but Tom couldn’t take his eyes of his friendly face. He didn’t say anything at first and then he finally whispered. “She is gone. Kaitlyn too.”
Manny leaned forward. “What do you mean gone?’
“They left yesterday.”
Manny shook his head. “How can that be? I just saw them yesterday morning. Emily and Kaitlyn came in to say hi. They had just gone to that Starbucks place all you young people go to. Manny saw those big cups they were carrying.”
Tom quickly sat up and looked closely into Manny’s twinkling eyes. “They were here yesterday?”
“Yep. Right over there.”  Tom turned his head and saw Manny was pointing near the register area.
“How were they?  Did they seem okay?”
“Fine, Mr. Reynolds. Kaitlyn was talking away as she usually does.”
“How about Emily?”
Tom watched him look up and to his right for a second. “She seemed good, but I remember her wearing sunglasses and not taking them off. Manny doesn’t like sunglasses inside. Makes me nervous and Mrs. Reynolds not the make me nervous type.”
Tom quickly jumped up and thanked Manny and ran out the restaurant.
Detective Adam Paulson had seen it all in his twenty-two-year career as a police officer, the last fifteen as a detective. He was up for retirement in three years but there was no way he was leaving the job unless he was forced out. He was tight with the chief, so he was sure he could hang around for as long as he wanted or at least another eight or so years when he turned sixty-two. 
    He loved the job but he also had nothing else to go home to. His wife had left him years ago and moved across the country with their son and daughter. All of them married and with new families. He was long since forgotten. He had only dated several times since she had left and they were all forced on him by other officers, but he didn’t care. Life goes on as they say and marriage isn’t for everyone. 
      He was pretty sure this Reynolds guy was guilty. He had been pretty sure as soon as he had stepped in their house and saw the man’s reactions to the photos. It seemed like he hadn’t been surprised by the beating, but was surprised that the police knew about it. And then the passing out thing. He had seen that many times. It was just too much once someone realizes what they did. He was pretty sure there had been an argument. There usually was and it was usually about money or the kids and then things got out of hand. Maybe Reynolds had too much to drink. He would check into that as well if his wife and daughter had run away or Reynolds had done something to them. Perhaps gotten rid of the bodies. He would find them if they were out there, that he was sure of. Another interview or so and he would break Mr. Reynolds. 
      They all broke. Every one of them. Some of them just took longer than others and in the meantime, he would gather up evidence and back the guy into a corner. He seemed like a nice enough man and shouldn’t be any more difficult than the others he had dealt with in the past. He found it was usually the nicer guys that turned out to be the worst and most challenging, but that was what he thrived on. He couldn’t wait to get started. 
    He immediately logged into his computer and read every detail on Tom Samuel Reynold’s life. The chase was on. 








Chapter 3  

    Tom pulled into his driveway hoping Emily and Kaitlyn were somehow there, but as soon as he stepped into the empty foyer he knew nothing had changed. It was just him and an empty house. 
    He quickly ran through every room and closet again and didn’t find anyone. He finally settled on the middle of the stairs staring up at the family pictures on the wall Emily had insisted they take every year. 
    They went to the mall every year right before Thanksgiving and all wore the same matching light-blue shirts that Emily carefully picked out every year. Tom pulled the most recent one off the wall and stared into the faces of his family. He couldn’t take his eyes off Kaitlyn. He missed her precious little smile so much. She will be turning eight in just two weeks. 
     He clearly remembered the day she was born. Emily had just dropped him off at the emergency room for an IV after a bout with food poisoning. He had vomited all night and had been so dehydrated the next morning Emily insisted he go to the ER despite his protests that he needed to be around in case she needed him. She finally convinced him he would be of no use to her in the condition he was in. He finally gave in. He stood in the ER lobby for about fifteen minutes before finally deciding to enter. He finally walked up to the nurse at the desk and she immediately took him back seeing how dehydrated he looked. He was given heavy doses of anti-nausea medicine and IV bags and soon fell asleep under the effects of the drugs. The doctor decided to admit him due to the severity of the illness. When he finally awoke and was ready to be released, he called Emily and found out she had gone into labor right after dropping him off and was already back home with the baby. She said her father was on his way to take him home. Tom was in such shock he didn’t know what to think, but a little while later he was home and couldn’t take his eyes off Kaitlyn. Emily insisted he stay far away from her until he was all better and a few days later, he picked her up for the first time and hadn’t put her down since. He wiped a few tears from his eyes when he got an idea. 
   Five minutes later, he was driving frantically on the beltway heading for Delaware. A few hours later, he parked the Cherokee in front of a large condo complex and walked up one flight of stairs and began frantically knocking on the door. An older man reluctantly answered giving Tom an unfriendly look.
      “Hi Tom. What can we do for you?”  He was standing in the doorway not allowing Tom to see past him.
      “Jim, I need to see Emily and Kaitlyn. I know they are here.”
        The man took a step back and a woman of similar age but much smaller and frailer with gray soft curly hair appeared and frowned seeing Tom. “You’re not welcome here Tom…not after what you did to my girl.”  Tom leaned back. He always loved his mother-in-law but she could have a ferocious temper.
“Look Tom, like I told you on the phone, we haven’t seen her and after seeing what you did. We don’t want to see you again.”  Jim and Tom had always been close, spending many hours together on the golf course or out on the lake fishing. He knew this had to be hard on him.
“I didn’t do anything. She just left.”
“You beat her to a pulp. We saw the pictures. They were sent to us as well. You’re a monster.”  The words stung as soon as she spoke them and Tom felt himself began to wither right in front of them.
“I promise you I didn’t hurt her. I just want to talk to her.”
Tom watched his mother-in-law slip back inside leaving him with just Jim who closed the door and stepped out onto the patio with him. 
“I know you’re a good guy and I don’t think you would hurt her, but we have her statement and a copy of the restraining order.”  Tom wasn’t sure how they had a copy or even how they knew. Jim lowered his voice. “I promise you she isn’t here. We haven’t seen her or heard from her since yesterday. We’re a little concerned, but knowing her she probably went to a safe place with Kaitlyn. She was always like that. Always has a back-up plan for everything.”  Tom wondered if she had always had a back-up plan for him. “I promise if she shows up or we hear from her we will call you or I’ll tell her to call you despite what you did.”
“You know I wouldn’t hurt her. She’s my life.”  
“That’s what I thought, but the photos and statements are pretty convincing. I’ve got to go check on Pam.”  Tom stood there and watched her parents go back inside and close the door shutting him out. He felt so lost and confused. These people were his family. 
    His parents had been killed in a car accident when he was in his twenties and Emily’s parents had immediately stepped in. They had spent so many nights and days together, now they wouldn’t even talk to him. His life was falling apart.
        He slowly walked back to the Cherokee and sat inside and watched the condo for any activity. After several hours of not seeing anyone and wiping tears from his moist eyes, he decided it was time to head back. On the drive back, Tom scrutinized every move and word that had happened over the last week. By the time he arrived back in his driveway, he wasn’t sure anymore if he knew who he really was and if he had done the damage to his wife. Was it possible he could have done that to her?  Was it his fault that he drove her away and caused her to file a restraining order?  Maybe he really was a monster. He couldn’t remove his eyes from the rearview mirror.























Chapter 4  

   Tom woke up sometime the next morning. His body ached from sleeping in the front seat of the Cherokee. He had fallen asleep in the driveway last night. He began to move his shivering body and slowly stepped out into the early morning light onto the driveway. 
    He unlocked the front door and performed his usual routine of checking all the rooms again, and as expected he found nothing or no one. He stopped when he saw the family computer and thought of Emily always posting on social media. He decided to login. He didn’t know her password, not because they didn’t trust each other it was just the need to know never came up before. He quickly began trying all the different ones he could think of when he heard a knock on the door. 
    He looked out the window and saw a shiny new green BMW SUV parked next to his Cherokee. He hustled downstairs and opened the door for his boss George Mercer. He realized for the first time it was Sunday morning. He had lost all track of time and at first thought George might be checking up on him when he didn’t show up for work, but not on a Sunday. Tom racked his mind trying to think of anything he was supposed to do for work. He wasn’t sure what he would tell George about what happened but he had to say something because there was no way he was going to go to work tomorrow. 
      Tom stood back as George burst through the door and walked directly into the living room. George was a large man with a very pleasant face. The kind that just made you comfortable as soon as you saw him. Many referred to him as grandpa, not because his age but because of his friendliness. He had thinning gray hair and a smooth face and two bright blue eyes. The man was born a salesman and could talk non-stop for hours on any given subject. Tom followed him into the living room and sat down opposite George on the couch.
George sat back and crossed his legs. “So, Tom, I just heard what happened.”  Tom knew George and the Chief of Police were best of friends. They had grown up together and spent almost every vacation and weekend together so nothing got by George. Tom should have figured, but with his mind so busy he hadn’t even thought about work since Emily had left. “Please tell me what happened?”  He had a smooth voice that just kind of hung in the air for an extra minute after he spoke and then sank deeply into your ears. 
     Tom loved to listen to George speak. He gave two meetings each week offering advice and knowledge that could not be found anywhere else. The man was just dripping with information and power. Tom felt so uplifted in his presence like everyone did. He had started Mercer Financial when he was eighteen years old and had grown it into a multi-million-dollar enterprise with offices and branches in five states. Tom had originally wanted to be an attorney and had applied to several law schools, but that all changed after he met George at a college seminar. As soon as he had finished college, he went to George’s office and was offered a job on the spot. He started out as an assistant and then a few years later he became a fully certified planner and was given control of his own clients. Tom loved every day of it.
Tom looked directly into the George’s eyes. “I don’t know. Emily and Kaitlyn are gone.”
“I know that, but what about what you did. I saw the pictures and the report.”  Tom didn’t ask. He wondered about his privacy, but it wouldn’t matter anyway, George could get his hands on anything he wanted to. 
“I didn’t do anything George.”
“I believe you Tom. Emily and Kaitlyn are two of the nicest people I know.” Tom kept looking at the computer. He could see the back of the large screen and began wondering what Emily’s password could be.
“I miss them so much and just want to them back.”
“I want them back too. I want to let you know that you have the full support of Mercer Financial behind you and if there is anything you need you let me know. I’ll have Jack cover your clients, so don’t worry about that.”  Tom nodded and looked deeply at George. 
      Here was a man whose reputation was everything for financial clients and he was backing him. He knew George had lost his wife years ago. His wife had been hit by a drunk driver who had walked away, but Jenny hadn’t been so lucky. Tom watched as George stood up slowly and walked out the front door. 
Tom couldn’t move. Everything was blurry. He just remained in place thinking about everything that had happened since he had come home Friday afternoon. He wasn’t sure how long he remained in place, but the next thing he knew the sun was starting to go down and he was sitting in front of the large monitor typing in password after password that Emily might use. 
     He was about to give up till he tried their wedding date. He couldn’t believe it, it logged him right in. He watched the desktop pop up and the latest picture of Kaitlyn filled the screen behind the icons. Tom immediately clicked on her email program and waited till the latest emails populated the inbox. He started clicking on each one looking for anything out of the ordinary. He felt a little strange reading through her private messages. He had always trusted her completely and never had reason to check her phone or computer before. Most of the emails were spam and messages from Kaitlyn’s teachers or the PTA. Tom quickly opened and closed those. 
      There were a couple of messages from a man called Roscoe Winston, whom Tom had never heard of before. He clicked on the first one and was surprised at the cryptic nature of the email. It mentioned that he would see her soon and to check Facebook for the latest. The second one was worded very similarly causing Tom to feel his hands begin to shake slightly. 
    He immediately closed the email and opened Facebook. Luckily, it opened right up without asking for a password. He took a deep breath. There on the screen were several messages from the same Roscoe Winston telling her they will be together soon and an emoji with a smiley face and a heart. Tom felt his heart sink thinking about the possibility of Emily meeting with some strange man. 
     Tom studied the man’s picture. He was a slick dark-haired good-looking guy with a cocky grin on his face almost telling Tom and everyone else that he had the girl now. Tom cringed and began clicking around trying to find out as much as he could about the guy. He finally found an address in some rural town in Pennsylvania. Tom wrote it down and walked away from the computer feeling suddenly very woozy.  
     He walked all around the house thinking of all the possibilities that Emily could have left him for another man. He started to think about her behavior the last few months and how she had been acting slightly distant towards him. He had figured it just being busy but now maybe it was all making sense. He felt sick to his stomach and stopped and vomited in the bathroom after walking past Kaitlyn’s room. He was on his knees wondering if he had caused the whole thing. Maybe that’s what the fight or whatever had happened was all about. He thought of the people blanking out again and all the bad things they did and wondered if he was now one of them. He pictured her battered face in his mind from the picture the detective had shown him and wondered if he had caused it. He vomited a few more times and headed outside.
     He walked up and down the street looking at each house and thinking about everything that had happened and none of it made sense. He finally ended up knocking on the Morgan’s house and stepped back when the door swung open and Karen Morgan opened the door with a frown on her face.
“She’s not here Tom and even if she was I wouldn’t let you know.”  Karen was one of Emily’s best and only friends at least he thought before all this. “We heard what you did to her?” Tom saw her daughter Sam appear behind her. She was the same age as Kaitlyn and they went to the same school and had play dates almost three or four days a week at each other’s house. Her husband Dave was an attorney and had probably heard the news through the courthouse grapevine. Tom was bewildered and didn’t even bother to try and explain himself. 
   He just waved and turned around and walked back down to the road. He looked back and saw Sam waving at him out the window next to the door. Tom waved back and fought back a river of tears. He quickly made it back to the house, picked up the address he had written down and started up the Cherokee.


Chapter 5   

    Tom was driving west on Interstate 80 through the valleys and foothills of Pennsylvania. He was clutching the wheel so tightly his hands were beginning to blister up but his mind was so focused on what was ahead that he didn’t even notice. The soft female voice on his phone’s GPS speaker informed him he needed to get off the next exit. Tom slowed down as the exit sign approached up ahead. The traffic was light, but it was approaching midnight now and his eyes were beginning to feel the effects of lack of sleep the last few days. 
     He turned off the exit and followed the directions into a quiet neighborhood until he reached his destination. He pulled over on the side of the road amongst several other cars in front of a looming thirty to forty-year old colonial home. He could feel the tension burning on the back of his neck as the thought of Emily and Kaitlyn possibly being in the house just a few hundred yards to the left of him. It was a large ornate home with giant windows reminding him of a home you might see in a seaside New England town. He could see lights burning inside and was tempted to run right through one of the walls for his family, but he restrained himself and remained in the vehicle. He had come this far and he wasn’t about to do something stupid. 
      After an hour of watching and seeing nothing, he pulled out and found a small motel a few miles away. It was an old and run-down looking place, but he was so tired that he happily paid the clerk and settled into a dusty-dainty room.  He didn’t wake up again until he heard the knock on the door and a woman’s voice yelling out she was with housekeeping. It was almost ten o’clock. 
     Tom quickly jumped up told the lady he was leaving and ten minutes later he was back in his car parked in front of the house again. Everything still appeared quiet. He felt his nerves tighten when the front door opened and a large Golden Retriever scrambled out. He watched as the large dog bounded through the spacious yard sniffing and jumping at various spots. A few minutes later, the dog disappeared around back and Tom didn’t see it again. He was ready to make his move, but he had to get something in his stomach first. The loud growling was annoying and he was beginning to feel nauseous again.  
      He had seen a fast-food restaurant near the motel so he drove back in that direction picked up a few breakfast items and made it back in front of the house in less than ten minutes. He scarfed down the food and knew it was time. He had to do it. He had come this far and he had to know. 
      He slowly exited the car making sure not to slam the door and made his way up the driveway and onto the curvy cement sidewalk leading to the front door. It was a beautiful country home. The grass was green and the bushes immaculately manicured. He stepped up the two steps and stood quietly on the landing trying to get the courage to knock on the door. It was dark green and had the house numbers prominently written in large brass plates hanging at eye level. He counted slowly backwards from ten and then knocked. A minute later, the large door swung open revealing a small pretty brunette woman with her hair in a ponytail and wearing workout clothes. It was not what he expected. He could hear the dog barking behind her somewhere from the back of the house, but she didn’t seem to notice. He took a step back when he saw a small girl with golden curly hair pop up beside her mom. She couldn’t be more than eight years old. He immediately thought of Kaitlyn.
     “Hi, can I help you?”  She had a pleasant mid-western voice like you might hear on a television commercial for shampoo or dishwasher detergent.
    “I’m looking for Roscoe.”
    “Oh, I’m sorry Ross is away on business. He’ll be back at the end of the week. Are you looking for work?”  Tom nodded yes not knowing what else to say. “I can give you his cell. I’m sure he could use the help. He’s out in Pittsburgh. He said some guys might be coming by this week.”  Tom watched her reach behind her on a small table and hand him a blank business card with a ten-digit phone number scribbled in blue ink written on it. Tom took it and placed it in his pocket.
“Thank you so much. By the way, when did he leave?”
“Friday morning.”  She answered. Frank said goodbye and walked back down the driveway. He could still hear the dog barking as he sat back down in the Cherokee and started the engine. He was still shocked to see such a sweet woman at the door instead of the man he was expecting. He felt confident the woman wasn’t hiding anything as he started up the Cherokee and headed west towards Pittsburgh. He was sure his family wasn’t inside though he did take a long look at the house before he pulled away from the curb.  
    A little while later and back on the same long very straight highway, Tom finally got up the courage to dial the number the lady had given him. He heard a deep husky male voice answer on the second ring. Tom couldn’t speak.
“Can I help you?”  The voice asked again
Tom took a deep breath and finally uttered, “Yeah…hi. I just stopped by your house and I was told you were in Pittsburgh. I’m on my way now.”
“You one of JJ’s guys?”
“Tom quickly answered “yes,” surprised how easy this was going.
“Hurry up and get out here. I can’t tell you how long we’ll need you but if you want to work we got stuff for you.”
“Where are you located?”  Tom pulled onto the barren shoulder and wrote down the address located just north of Pittsburgh and hung up feeling the tension growing throughout his body. He couldn’t figure out what Emily would be doing out here and why she would leave him for this. Something didn’t feel right. 
       He plugged in the address and a few long hours later he parked in front of an old abandoned warehouse in a large industrial complex, probably used during the steel days. He didn’t see any other cars or activity around and confirmed he had the correct address. 
      Tom slowly exited the Cherokee looking in all directions for anyone or anything. He didn’t see anyone. As much as he felt alone, the hairs on his neck were standing on end like someone was following his every movement. He walked towards the building and checked the rusty number plaque dangling above a door. It was the correct place. He wasn’t quite sure what to do, so he ended up just standing in front of the door until a minute later two burley men quickly approached him from the right side of the building.
 They were both large and moving way too quickly towards him not be up to something. Tom looked behind him and back at his Cherokee. It was too far away to escape to. He decided to take a few steps backwards and head down along the front side of the building. There were several other old buildings nearby but nothing close enough to walk too. Tom stopped in front of several windows covered with slabs of plywood and remained motionless as the two men continued coming directly towards him. He had no choice but to remain in place now. Something didn’t feel right. He jumped when his phone began to ring in his pocket and quickly pulled it out seeing it was Detective Paulson from Virginia. He decided to let it go to voicemail and slid the phone back in his pocket. 
    A minute later, the men stopped in front of him and grabbed him by the shoulders and began dragging him towards the door he had been standing in front of before.
“Hey…who are you guys?  What are you doing?”  Tom began yelling but they weren’t answering or even paying attention to him. The one on his left let go and knocked forcefully on the steel door and a few seconds later it swung open revealing two more similar looking guys. 
       They quickly pushed Tom inside the dark and damp building causing pain to his back and shoulders along the way. He was being led down a narrow hallway only lit by a flashlight from one of the men who had been inside.  He continued dragging his feet down the hallway trying to make it difficult for them but it didn’t seem to be making a difference. 
They finally came to a doorway that one of the men opened and placed Tom on a white plastic patio chair that was sitting in front of a large wooden desk. All four men quickly left leaving him alone in the dark room. Tom looked around and could make out the outlines of an office. There were several tall looming file cabinets to the side of him as well as a large window behind him that looked out onto the warehouse area that Tom tried to look out onto but it was covered in darkness. He remained motionless till the door quickly swung open and an industrial light hanging on a wire from the ceiling that he hadn’t seen before was turned on that illuminated the entire room. Tom watched the man calmly walk over to the desk and sit down opposite him. He had found Roscoe.






















Chapter 6 

He looked exactly like he did on the Facebook picture. Tom examined his face from the dangling light above concentrating on his dark menacing eyes and curly dark hair reminding him of a large Al Pacino. Tom tried to imagine how Emily could possibly be mixed up with him. The man’s eyes looked as though they had seen everything and probably had. Tom felt his pulse quicken when the man began to speak.
        He had a deep dark voice just like he had on the phone. “What were you doing out there snooping around my building?” Tom looked towards the door and could see the faces of two of the large men eyeing him through the small glass pane. “Look at me not them. They aren’t going to help you. They work for me and will do whatever I tell them too.” 
     Tom wasn’t sure what to do. He looked down and then back at the man who was still looking directly through him with such intensity that he felt like his gaze was burning tiny holes through his own eyes. Behind the man he noticed two closed laptops on a shelf and several cell phones plugged in to a charger. He slowly reached into his pocket and felt the piece of paper with Emily’s picture on it. He squeezed it gently and asked himself again why Emily would be mixed up with someone like this, but he had seen the posts and messages and it was the same guy. 
“I’m not going to ask you again. What were you doing out there?  I don’t have time for this.”  The inflection in his voice rose so much at the end of the sentence that Tom felt the back of the white plastic chair begin to give. He slowly pulled his hand out of his jacket causing Roscoe’s eyes to follow his hand. He could feel the other eyes outside the office as well. Tom pulled the paper all the way up and held it so the bright light shined directly on Emily’s face. He watched Roscoe quickly gaze at the picture briefly then back to his face.
“What’s this?  You playing tricks on me?  We don’t have time for this kind of crap…you hear me.”  He looked out the window and started to wave at his guys but Tom stopped him with his hand holding up one finger.
“Hold on…please. Just tell me if you know where she is.”
“Who? That girl in the picture?”
“I know you know her. Tom felt his emotions in his throat.
“Yeah so maybe I do what’s it matter?  I know lots of people.”
“Just tell me where she is.”  Tom shouted so loud the two large men outside the door entered immediately and placed their hands on him and dragged him out of the office. Tom tried to yell out to Roscoe again, but it was too late.
     He was being led back down the same dark hallway and pushed outside where he received a punch in the gut from one of the men that caused him to fall onto the sidewalk. After a few minutes of groaning in pain and thinking about Emily, he crawled back up to his feet and stumbled to the Cherokee. 
      He couldn’t believe what had taken place over the last couple of minutes. It reminded him of one of those mafia movies. He could still picture Roscoe’s face staring at him above that desk like he was getting ready to order a hit and his stomach still ached in pain. He started the engine and drove down the road a few hundred yards and stopped. He remained parked on the side of the road for the next hour or so trying to decide what to do.  
      Finally, he gave in to his sleepiness and decided to check into the same motel again. He immediately dozed off dreaming about Emily and Kaitlyn until he jumped up hearing a loud knock on the door. He looked at the clock and saw it was 3:00 AM.   
      He quickly jumped out of bed and walked over to the door when he heard the loud knocking again. He looked through the peephole and didn’t see anyone, but heard a male voice tell him he had information on the woman he was looking for. Tom unlocked the door and was immediately rushed by the same two men from the warehouse dressed in dark leather jackets and tan chinos. He was thrown onto the bed and the door was quickly closed making a loud crashing sound that echoed through his head. The first one who had punched him in the stomach earlier was now standing above him holding him down on the bed with his hands on his neck. 
Tom watched as the second man who was holding semi-automatic pistol leaned in close to him and whispered, “stay away from Roscoe or you will find yourself in a lot of hurt.”
“I’m looking for my wife.”
“Well you are not looking around here anymore.”  Tom grimaced as he felt a blow of the steel to the side of his head by the whispering man.
“I just need to talk to her for just a minute.”
“Sorry, that ain’t going happen.”  Tom felt another blow to the side of his head and felt his vision going in and out till finally everything went dark.





Chapter 7   


Tom wasn’t sure where he was at first when he woke up but the sun was out and streaming directly into his eyes and his entire body ached, especially his head. He slowly sat up and remembered the two visitors from last night. He eased his sore body out of bed and into a long hot steamy shower. 
       Afterwards, he looked in the mirror and grumbled seeing the deep dark bruises on the side of his face. He quickly packed and took in a free breakfast at nearby diner with some sympathy from the waitress who seemed to believe Tom’s story that he fell while hiking. 
      Tom checked out and got back in the Cherokee and drove slowly past the warehouse again hoping to see his family, but he quickly drove away when he saw the two bulky men lingering outside. He decided it would be best to go back home. 
      He made the four-hour drive back to his driveway and entered the house searching every room and wasn’t surprised when he found no one home again. The house was way too quiet and he still had an eerie feeling about the whole thing and wondered how he could have done that to her. He just wanted his family and his life back. He kept hoping he would wake up and the whole thing would be an awful dream. 
      He quickly got back on the computer and read the messages from Roscoe. It was the same guy and Emily had been corresponding with him in intimate ways. It made his head ache even more despite the handful of Advil he had taken earlier. 
        He finally had to get up and he began walking round and round the house until he stopped in front of his wife’s closet. They each had a walk-in closet. It was one of the selling points of the house when they first had purchased it. 
      Emily was a neat freak while Tom was messy, so she had demanded they have separate closets. 
       He pulled her door open and flicked on the light switch. Her clothes were immaculately hung in neat rows on both side of the closet reminding him of a military barrack. He ran his fingers along both sides letting the soft fabric run through his fingers and feeling her presence enter him. He missed her so much. He got to the end when he noticed a stack of boxes he had never noticed before or paid attention to. They had probably always been there, but he had never bothered to notice. He never went into her closet. There were three cardboard boxes neatly stacked in the corner. They were all labeled “miscellaneous” probably from their move several years ago. 
     Tom had several boxes in his closet filled with his trophies and other childhood mementos he didn’t want to let go of. He imagined he would show them to Kaitlyn one day. 
      He sat down on the floor and leaned against the wall and slowly took the lid off the first box. It was full of photos from their wedding and Kaitlyn when she was little. He picked up each photo and remembered instantly when it was taken and what they had been doing at that time. 
        Despite Emily keeping everything online, she always had a fondness for actual pictures. She was like that with books as well. She would only read the real hard copy, no E-books. 
      There must have been a hundred pictures and he looked at each one. He didn’t even realize the tears running down his face until he felt the moist pictures in his hands. He carefully placed them back in the box, closed the lid and opened the second one. It was full of dolls and small toys that a little girl would play with. He recognized some of them from Kaitlyn and the others must have been Emily’s when she was a toddler. He held each one and examined them trying to think of the sweet memories. 
      He missed them so much. He kept wondering if it was possible he had really snapped like the detective had said and beat her up. He pictured her bruised and bloody face in his mind until he felt his head begin to spin and he began to feel woozy. 
      He picked up the last box expecting more pictures, but instead he felt himself become so agitated that he had to brace himself against the wall. Inside were several books and articles printed out from the internet on how to leave an abusing husband and how to tell your spouse the baby isn’t his. Tom couldn’t believe it. There were more books about how to fake a pregnancy as well. What was Emily doing with these?  
      He closed his eyes and leaned back remembering the exact moment she had called him at work and told him she was pregnant. She had even handed him the pregnancy test stick as soon as he had stepped in the door. He instinctively remembered seeing those two pink lines running across the white strip.
        He opened his eyes and flipped through the worn pages. Someone had spent a lot of time looking through the books. He picked up one of the articles and noticed the date was a few months prior to Kaitlyn’s birth date.
        He was really starting to feel a bit uneasy. It had been a straightforward pregnancy except at the very end when Kaitlyn had been born and he had ended up being hospitalized at the same time. 
     He jumped at the knock on the door downstairs. He slowly stood up and kicked the boxes back into the closet and headed downstairs. He wasn’t surprised to see Paulson standing outside the door when he opened it. He quickly walked past him and stood in the foyer. Tom closed the door behind him. Paulson had a menacing look on his face.
“You okay Mr. Reynolds?  You don’t look too good. Why don’t we go sit down?”
Tom nodded and followed the detective into the living room. He was dressed in a dark blue suit with a faded yellow tie loosened at his neck. “I’m okay. Just having a tough time with this.”
“I understand. I wanted to come by and see if you had heard from your family yet?”
“Not yet.”
“I came by yesterday a few times and you weren’t here all day. I checked with your work and your boss said you have been in.”
“I went away.”
“Look, we need you to stay in touch. Don’t make me put surveillance on you.”
“I haven’t done anything wrong Detective.”
“Do I need to show you the photos again?”
Tom sunk deeper into the chair. “Why aren’t you guys out looking for them?”
“Because we don’t have any reason to believe they are missing do we?  According to the report she filed Friday it sounds like she wanted to get away from here or…from you. There is no crime for leaving unless they didn’t really leave now do you understand what I’m trying to say here?”
Tom nodded. “I didn’t do anything to her. There is a mistake. She wouldn’t just leave. Something happened to them.”
Paulson slowly stood up and turned his back to Tom and looked out the window. “We know what happened to her and don’t be surprised if we come back here with an arrest warrant real soon. I could take you down now, but I want to do this one by the book. I have a feeling this is going to become big news real soon. Have a good day Mr. Reynolds.” 
     Tom cringed as the detective quickly walked out of the living room and headed out the front door. He had never felt so confused in his life. Nothing made any sense at all. He knew what he must do next.

Paulson stomped back to his car. He was in no mood for games. The chief had come down hard on him about a case a few months ago where the suspect got off on a technicality. Paulson knew he would have to find out something else on the guy but that was for a later date. Right now, he just wanted to find out what happened to the man’s beautiful wife and daughter that he had abused. He was pretty sure Reynolds had done something to them, because he had checked everyone and everything for any evidence that they had skipped town and there was nothing. 
    He visited her parent’s house and every one of her friends and co-workers at the school and there were no indications of her leaving. No one even knew about the abuse. As far as they knew, Mrs. Reynolds had a normal every-day life.
      Paulson had a bad a feeling about this and he did since he first received the call from Officer Thompson. A woman and her daughter don’t just disappear into thin air. He wanted to put surveillance on Reynolds, but he knew the Chief wouldn’t go for it so he didn’t even ask. He had been driving by the house regularly to see the comings and goings, but Reynolds had been gone for a few days and he had missed him leaving. Otherwise, he would have followed him. Luckily, right now things were quiet and he was dedicating most of his time to this case. 
       That was how he liked to work, one case at a time and since he had so many years in and so much success his boss usually let him. He also knew if something more substantial came along he would have to switch to that, but right now he was busy trying to find out what happened to the family of Tom Reynolds.













Chapter 8  

Tom parked the Cherokee in the parking lot and knocked loudly on the condo door again. A few seconds later, Emily’s father opened it up and stepped outside quickly shutting it behind him.
  “What are you doing here?  I told you, you can’t be coming around here anymore.”  He was wearing a worn orange Oriole’s hat pulled tightly to his eyes. Tom could see the stress and lack of sleep in his face.
“I know. It’s just that things have changed. I think Emily is mixed up with some strange people.”  Tom followed him down the sidewalk as they slowly walked away from the front door.
“C’mon Tom don’t try and pin this on someone else. I have seen the report and have read it many times. I know Emily’s writing. You need to own up to it.”
“I would if I knew what was going on. Do you know why she would be mixed up with some guy named Roscoe Winston in Pennsylvania?
“Roscoe?  Who’s Roscoe?”
“That’s what I’m trying to find out. I found some emails and messages from him on her computer and they were…kind of personal like they were having an affair.”
“Look Tom. I understand you know you made a mistake, but don’t start trying to blame her for things you may have caused.”
“Hold on a second.”  Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out several sheets of folded paper and handed them to Jim. He scanned through them and quickly handed them back to Tom.
“Look, even if she was having an affair that doesn’t give you the right to beat her up like you did.”
“I didn’t. That’s the thing.”
“Look Tom. I’m trying to be kind to you and I’m going to pay for this when I get back inside, but you need to do whatever is necessary to make things right.”  Jim started to walk back towards the condo.
“Please Jim give me a few more minutes.”  Tom gently placed his arm on his father-in-law’s shoulder. “Tell me about western Pennsylvania where Emily grew up. Did she ever know a Roscoe?  Think hard.”
“Like I told you before, I don’t know any Roscoe.”
“What about when she was a little kid?”
Jim stopped and stared into Tom’s eyes. “You know we didn’t get her until she was almost three so I don’t know everyone in her life.”
“What do you mean three?” 
“That’s when we adopted her.”  You look like your hearing this for the first time. Are you sure you are okay?”
Tom felt his heart began to flutter out of control. “I never knew. She never told me.”
“Really?  We always thought you knew. Why would she keep something like that from you?”
Tom shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“It’s not something we usually talk about. She was abandoned by her mother and left in a house right down the street from us. I was the one who found her when I was out walking the dog and heard her crying. We subsequently adopted her. I’m sorry you didn’t know, but I still don’t know about this Roscoe.”  Tom couldn’t speak. “Look, I need to go back inside or I am going to get in real trouble, so please do the right thing and own up to what you did…get help or whatever you need to do.  Emily is very forgiving as you know.”  Tom just nodded as he watched his father-in-law quickly shuffle back towards the condo.
Tom couldn’t believe he didn’t know about her being adopted and wondered why she didn’t tell him. He wondered what else she didn’t tell him. He wiped the tears from his eyes and hopped back in the Cherokee and headed back east. 
    Two hours later, he pulled into a busy parking lot in front of a Northern Virginia office building completely encased by dark glass windows. 
      Tom exited the vehicle and slowly made his way into the decorated lobby and pushed number seven on the elevator. He was the only one in it. He stood with is eyes glued to the flashing numbers above him traveling by. Once the elevator stopped at its floor, Tom slowly stepped out and made a left down the hallway. He had only been here one time and that was some time ago. He followed the signs and a minute later, he was standing in front of an office suite with the name ‘Women’s Services - OB/GYN’. He reluctantly opened the door and was greeted by a room full of young woman and a large ornate receptionist desk with a curious looking middle-aged woman staring at him. He made his way over to her and asked if he could have a minute with the doctor. He remembered the doctor’s name. It had been Adams. The woman gave him an odd look and began typing in the computer. He told her Emily was a patient here but they had never had a doctor named Adams. He asked if he could look at her record about the birth of Kaitlyn, but the woman said it wasn’t possible. Tom felt his anger burning through his chest. The woman continued to type and a minute later, she looked up and told him his wife had never given birth by any doctor here. Tom felt his head nodding up and down and the words thank you coming out of his mouth, but he couldn’t feel or hear anything else. He felt like he was floating through space. He didn’t see all the eyes focused on him as he stumbled out of the office. 
    The next thing he knew he was seated behind the Cherokee with his hands covering his face and his wallet open to a picture of Kaitlyn sitting on his lap. 




















Chapter 9 

Paulson felt the wave of excitement enter his body when he received the search warrant he had been waiting for. He rushed on over to the Reynold’s house and as he expected no one was home. He rummaged through the place looking for anything he could use. He was happy when he finally found something. It wasn’t great, but he knew it would work.
  He left after an hour or so and met with the DA who gave him to go ahead to bring Reynolds in. Paulson had a good feeling he would be able to break the man and get this one over with. He just hoped it wasn’t too late for the little girl and the pretty wife. 
    He pictured Reynolds confessing and telling him where the bodies were. He felt a tear or two well up in his eyes, but he ignored it and grabbed three other officers on his team and headed for the house. He could feel it. Things were happening and the case was beginning to gain momentum. It was his favorite part. Usually it took some time to get the ball rolling but once it did, it just kept growing and growing. He stepped on the gas a little more as he got closer leaving the three cars behind him falling back. 
    A minute later, he pulled into the driveway and began knocking on the door. There was no answer so he told the other officers to wait on the driveway, and sure enough fifteen minutes later Mr. Reynolds came home.
Tom slowly made his way through the late afternoon rush hour that he would normally be in watching the unfamiliar cars drive by on their way to their families and lives. As soon as he made the turn onto his street, he felt his adrenalin rush through his system causing a bead of sweat to form on his forehead. There were four police cars in his driveway. One was unmarked and looked like Paulson’s, while the other three were marked with their lights spinning. 
     Tom felt his heart began to crumble as he parked next to the curb as the officers swarmed him. He dreaded they were going to tell him that something bad had happened to Emily and Kaitlyn. He squeezed Kaitlyn’s picture tighter in his hand as he saw Paulson’s tense face scramble through the officers. Paulson politely asked Tom to step out of his car because they needed to talk to him. He couldn’t believe this was really happening. Tom slowly opened the door and before he could even step out the three uniformed officers descended upon him and threw him against the car and placed handcuffs on his wrists. Tom tried to resist but was quickly overpowered.
“Tom Reynolds, you are being placed under arrest for spousal abuse and assault and battery…”  Detective Paulson barked out. Tom tuned out after a few words and felt his world go blurry again. 
      The next thing he knew he was being driven in the back of Paulson’s car with his hands wrenching in pain behind his back. The cuffs were too tight and his arms were jammed at a weird and painful angle. He knew he couldn’t say anything so instead he stared at the back of Paulson’s head and began to cry. He was sobbing so hard that tears were running down his face and landing on his shirt and neck but there was nothing he could do since his hands were clasped behind his back. He saw Paulson occasionally glance in the rear view at him, but he didn’t speak. He had probably seen this many times. Tom watched the town go by out the window and tried to imagine how things would ever be the same again.  
     A few minutes later they pulled into the station, a different one than before. This was the main station in town. It was a large five-story building that had been recently built. Tom had driven by it many times and remembered the controversy when the town proposed the new building. George had been the leading advocate for it. Tom had gone along like everyone else who worked at Mercer Financial and offered their full support as well. He saw police cars parked behind an electronic gate waiting for their officers to begin their shifts and people coming and going from the station too busy to look up. He watched as Paulson slowly pulled through the same gate and entered a five-digit code that immediately caused the heavy steel gate to open slowly and allow them to enter.
 A few minutes later, he was being led into the station through a very dingy and dusty entrance that contained a large boiler and other heating and A/C equipment. Tom felt sick to his stomach. He held his head down as they exited the boiler room and walked past several cubicles and offices containing officers who he felt their eyes glued upon him. 
     They finally stepped into silence as they entered the elevator. When it stopped the doors opened and he was led down a long hallway and into a small bland interrogation room. It was room number four. Tom saw a piece of white paper taped to the wall with the number four written on it in thick marker. Paulson closed the door and left leaving Tom all alone. He stared at the cement walls painted a dull white and the drop-down ceiling above him. It was a tiny room that could hold no more than three people comfortably. He sat with his elbows perched on a steel table staring at the wall and the tiny camera perched high above him in the corner. 
     He couldn’t believe his life had come to this. He had worked so hard for everything and given all he had to his family and his job and now they were all gone and he was probably going to be imprisoned for something he didn’t even remember doing. He closed his eyes and tried to picture the last time he had seen Emily and Kaitlyn. All he could remember was having a nice dinner and then relaxing in front of the TV and falling asleep. A typical weekday night. There was no recollection of fighting or beating her up like the picture showed, but it had happened. He pictured the photos and the statement.
      He closed his eyes and placed his hands on his face for at least fifteen minutes until Paulson quickly opened the steel door and slammed it shut leaving a deadened echoing sound that seemed to vibrate forever between Tom’s ears. He walked in holding a large pad of paper and a worn thick pen. He sat down calmly opposite Tom. He was wearing a crisp grey suit with a maroon tie like a businessman might wear to a corporate meeting.
 “Let’s try this again Mr. Reynolds. Just tell me what happened.”
Tom looked up. “I don’t remember anything, just coming home and they were gone.”
“Look, we found some open liquor bottles in your house yesterday thrown all about, so maybe you were drinking and you don’t remember.”
“I don’t drink on weekdays Officer Paulson.”
“It’s Detective Paulson, but perhaps you decided to drink Thursday after the fight.”
Tom shook his head. “There was no fight.”  Tom vaguely remembered getting up early Friday morning while Emily and Kaitlyn slept. He was used to tiptoeing through the house and dressing in the dark. 
“Look we can do this all day or you can just tell me what happened and we can move on.”
“I think I want an attorney.”
Detective Paulson slowly stood up and leaned over. “That is your right, but we can make this easier if you just tell me.”

“I think I’ll take my chances…Detective. Thank you.”  Tom watched as Paulson slowly stood up and walked towards the door. He stood there for a moment and just stared at Tom.
“Can I make a phone call?”
“Sure. I’ll have someone come in and give you a phone before we process you.”
“What do you mean process me?”
“You’re being booked on the charges I told you about before.”
“What about an attorney?”
“What about it?  That is your right, but we’re still going to process you. Have a nice day Mr. Reynolds.”  Tom watched the detective leave and five minutes later he was handed a cell phone, but quickly handed it back when he realized he had no one to call. A minute later, two large uniformed officers entered the room and quickly ushered him back down the elevator and across the street to the jail where he was fingerprinted, stripped and placed into a cell wearing an orange jumpsuit.
Chapter 10  

Tom sat motionless on the small steel bench next to the matching sink and toilet. He was alone in a small ten-by-ten cell. He could hear other inmates in nearby cells, but he couldn’t see anyone. He had never felt so alone. He felt like an animal in a zoo. 
     He remembered taking Kaitlyn to the National Zoo. She loved seeing the pandas, especially the babies. They used to buy her a toy stuffed one every time she went. She had at least three of them tucked under her sheets with her every night. Once when Tom was sick with the flu, she had given him one to hold while he lay in bed. He had held that bear tight all night. 
  He leaned down slowly. His head and shoulders ached from grief and stress, but he couldn’t sleep. He had tried to lie on the small uncomfortable mattress but he didn’t feel comfortable and after about thirty minutes he decided on the bench. 
He thought about all the other inmates who had probably been in this cell over the last few years. Some of them probably murderers and rapists and here he was in for spousal assault and battery that he had no recollection of. 
He took a deep breath and tried to pretend he was somewhere else, anywhere else. He had seen many police and prison movies where they could take away your freedom physically, but never mentally and he was trying to escape in his mind to a beautiful day with Emily and Kaitlyn, but it wasn’t working. He remained in place for the rest of the night. Time seemed to have completely stopped. They took away his watch and all his personal items so he had nothing to do except stare at the wall. 
   Finally, some long hours later, he heard a rattling at the door and a tray was slid into a small slot at the bottom of the window and placed on a small ledge. Tom walked over to it, looked at the yellow pasty substance. He decided to skip it. He knew anything he ate would come right up anyway. He did fill the Styrofoam cup with cold water from the sink and drank it despite the bitter metallic taste. He thought about opening the coffee and turning on the hot water, but he decided against it. 
     A little while later, his door opened automatically and he heard on the speakers above him that the inmates had to gather in the common area for the next two hours. Tom remained in place until another warning came over the loudspeakers that the inmates needed to exit their cells immediately. 
      He wasn’t sure what that meant, so he walked into a large common area filled with about fifty others dressed identical to him. They ranged in all different ages and races. He didn’t recognize anyone but he wasn’t really looking. He just kept his eyes pointed downwards as he walked amongst the area’s worst knowing he was one now of them. No one bothered to look at him, so he found a spot on a cushioned bench in front of a highly-placed flat screen TV tuned to CNN. He sat down and watched the anchors talk about the President and what he wasn’t doing for the economy. Tom tried to listen, but quickly tuned out after a few minutes. Normally, he would have lapped this up. 
     He had had many theories on the economy but right now they didn’t seem relevant, nothing did. He remained in place focusing on the screen above him until he felt a tap on his shoulder from an old gray-haired man who looked very frail and haggard. Tom immediately scooted back. The man shook his head no, so Tom remained in place not sure what was going to happen. The man softly moved closer and placed an arm around Tom’s back. Tom felt his depraved body begin to shudder. He had heard all the horrific stories of people being molested and worse in jails and prisons. He looked around for a guard but didn’t see anyone anywhere except for more orange jumpsuits. The man leaned closer to him and began to whisper in his ear. Tom tried to lean away but it wasn’t helping.
“Please just leave me alone.”  Tom said.
“I’m here to help you. I’ve been in and out of here so many times I know more than them officers know. I’m the one you want to know. Anything you need or want come see me.”
Tom nodded and relaxed his body some. “Okay. Thank you. I won’t be here very long anyway so I should be okay.”
“That’s what everyone says. Everyone in here is innocent according to them.  Even me. I never molested those little kids.”  The man laughed quietly giving Tom a weird chill down his spine. “Whether you in here for one day or one year you need someone like me.”
“Okay.”
“What are you in here for?”
“I’ve been accused of assault.”
“You and everyone else. See those two guys right there.”  He pointed at two large men with goatees and buzz cuts. “Don’t mess with them or they will make your life miserable.”
“Thanks. I will be sure to stay away.”  Tom looked back up at the TV until the man finally removed his arm and slowly walked away. Tom scooted back over and glanced at the two buzz cuts. One of them caught him looking. Tom quickly looked back at the TV, but he could see out of the corner of his eye the men were talking about him. He remained in place until the announcement was made to go back to his cell.
     He waited till the two buzz cuts left the area then made his way back towards his cell. Just as he was about to enter his cell, one of the buzz cuts grabbed him from behind and threw him against a wall smashing his shoulder into the cement. Tom grimaced, then collapsed on the floor when he felt everything began to spin feeling the blow to the back of his head by buzz cut number two. 
“That was for Emily.” 
 A few minutes later, he was pulled to his feet and shoved back into his cell by large two officers who were both smiling. 






















Chapter 11

Tom remained on the bench rubbing his sore shoulder. He didn’t want to look at it. He knew there would be a large bruise. He didn’t understand why the guy had pushed him against the wall and how he knew about Emily. He didn’t understand anything anymore. He just knew he needed to get out of here and figure out what happened to Emily and Kaitlyn. He went back to the bench and leaned his sore head and shoulder against the cold cement. 
     He fell asleep and was awakened when his tray of food was slid through the slot. He looked away. He knew he would have to eat at some point, but right now hunger was not an issue. 
    He couldn’t believe he was holed up in jail. He wondered if Emily had known this would happen to him and was smiling somewhere with Kaitlyn. He couldn’t fathom it. There was no way. They were inseparable and always had been since that first night at Manny’s. Something wasn’t right. They were more than husband and wife, they were also best friends and as Emily liked to say they were soul mates. Tom never really understood what all that meant, but it always sounded good and made sense.
 He knew he would walk through fire or step in front of a bus for her or Kaitlyn. He kept trying to keep the one thing out of his mind that was nagging him more than anything and that was the fake pregnancy thing. He began to wonder if Kaitlyn was even his and had the whole thing been a setup. He could feel his pulse banging in his ears. It was like his head was beginning to come apart like an onion. Had he been sick the day she was born on purpose?  Maybe Emily had given him something?  
      He rubbed his shoulder again and looked at the baloney sandwich and milk carton on the floor in front of him. He reached down and drank the warm milk feeling it fill his stomach like a thick jacket. What was he going to do?  He knew the longer he sat here the crazier he was going to feel. He knew being alone was the last thing he needed. It was as if he was fearing his own mind and knew he had to control his thoughts. He looked around the small cell and stared into the stainless-steel sink and toilet. Everything was designed to keep the inmates from harming themselves. The beds were designed without box springs so that an inmate couldn’t possibly create a weapon to hurt someone else or more importantly themselves. 
     He had never been the depressed type. He suffered from anxiety and stress here and there but depression was never an issue. He had always scoffed at those who suffered, but now he was starting to understand that if you put anyone in a bad enough situation they can feel as though the world is falling apart around them. He was accused of beating up his wife and he had no recollection of it.
     He looked at his knuckles for the first time and noticed the redness of them. Maybe it was from hitting Emily. He felt his body begin to quiver. Tom sat and waited as the hours passed. There was no clock on the wall, nothing but artificial light blaring into his head from above. He had no idea whether it was day or night until he heard the faded yellow Styrofoam tray slide into his cell with dinner. He stared at the food and thought of Emily and how much he missed sitting down and eating dinner. 
     He remembered the first meal she had ever made. It was from a box and she had done it all wrong. It had tasted horribly, but they both stuffed the food into their mouths until Emily decided they needed to go see Manny. It had always been like that with them, no pressure just fun. That was how he had described his relationship with Emily to everyone. Then Kaitlyn came along and she just kind of jumped right in turning them into the three musketeers as Emily liked to call them. They just did everything together and always had fun no matter how boring or bad the day was. But now everything had changed, he had supposedly beaten Emily and she had left him taking his Kaitlyn away from him. He again wondered if the whole thing had been a farce. He just couldn’t get the fake pregnancy books out of his mind. How could he have missed that? 
     He leaned over and picked up the tray and threw it against the drab cement wall as hard as he could. It felt good watching the dry and staled chocolate-colored slab of beef shred upon the impact as well as the green beans and soggy white bread. He remained in place and watched the gravy from the meat slowly crawl down the wall and land on the floor. A minute later, he jumped hearing a knock on the steel door.
“Stand back. We’re coming in.”  A loud deep male voice bellowed. Tom didn’t move.
 The door burst open and two heavily fortified correction officers grabbed him forcibly by the shoulders and placed a pair of handcuffs on his wrists. Tom didn’t even react. He just didn’t care anymore.
“You need to come with us.”  The taller and broader of the two said. They both wore black uniform pants and shirts and had matching military style haircuts. Tom was between the two officers as they pushed him out the door. They made a right-hand turn passing ten or so other steel doors caging other violent prisoners like Tom. He could hear them yelling and screaming. He ignored everything and stared into the deep dark shirt of the man in front of him.
       A minute later, he was placed into a room with no windows, just four cement walls and two chairs bolted to the floor. Tom was pushed into one and then the two guards left slamming the door and not saying a word. Tom had read stories about prisoner abuse and he wondered if that was what was going to happen. His hands were still cuffed behind his back making him defenseless, but he did have his legs and feet that he kicked out freely preparing for an attack. 
      He remained in the locked room for what seemed like hours until the door quickly opened and a tiny man dressed in an impeccable blue suit with a large mustache and a shiny bald head entered. He sat down in the opposite chair and didn’t say a word. He acted as if Tom wasn’t there. Tom watched as he shuffled papers in his lap licking his finger every time he touched a new sheet.
      A few minutes later, after the man went through at least twenty sheets he focused his large puppy dog brown eyes on Tom. Tom could see the wrinkles and bags under the man’s large eyes.
“So, I bet you are ready to get out of here…right?”  He had a very low-pitched voice. Tom nodded.
“I am your attorney.”  He handed Tom a business card, but quickly took it back realizing he was handcuffed. “Hold on a second.”  Tom watched as the man quickly stood up and knocked on the door until one of the same burley officers opened it. He whispered something in his ear causing the officer to walk into the room and remove the handcuffs. Tom thanked him, but the officer just snarled back. “Better?”  Tom nodded as he took the business card. On it was written, Carl Stringer, Attorney-at-Law.
“Thanks for coming.”
“Don’t thank me. Thank my firm.”  Tom watched as he shuffled through some more papers then looked up. “Consider it your lucky day I guess, unless you already have your own attorney?”  Tom shook his head no. “Let’s get started here.”  He began reading off a sheet. “You are in here for domestic battery…ouch. Those are some tough bruises.”  Tom glanced at the photo the attorney was holding.
“I didn’t do it…or at least I don’t think I did.”
“That’s not the answer I’m looking for Mr. Reynolds. Don’t admit to anything unless I tell you. I hope you didn’t tell the police anything.”  He scowled.
“I don’t think I did.”
“Okay. Let’s get one thing straight. No more talking to the police or anyone. I am being paid a lot of money so I need to get you out of here. I don’t care what you did. I just want to send you home, so I get the other half of my money.”
Tom shook his head. “How soon can I get out of here?”
“That depends on what you said or didn’t say. I’m reading through the statements now.”  Tom watched as he held his index finger to his lips. Tom sat back and watched the man quickly read. He put everything away and back in the briefcase about ten minutes later. “Okay…look. I can get you out of here tomorrow. I just have to go and file a motion or two, so hang in there for one more night and you’ll be free.”
“And you’ll get your money, right?”
The man looked up. “What do you care?  Don’t you want to go home?”
“I want to find my family.”
“Take it one thing at a time.”  The man quickly stood up and began banging on the door.
    A minute later, an announcement was made on the speakers that there would be common time. Tom slowly walked out of the room and into the hallway, waiting were the two crewcut inmates. He felt his breath quickly leave his lungs.















Chapter 12  

The first blow was directly into his gut causing him to buckle over in excruciating pain. It felt like he had been hit by a truck. There were no correctional officers around, probably planned that way. Tom was still bent over when he felt another blow to the back of his neck. He tried to scream out but there was no sound just a muffled whimper that only he could hear. He looked up at the two crewcuts and saw they were both smiling. Tom couldn’t believe how large they were and how similar they looked. They were almost identical except for the taller one had a larger nose and more menacing eyes. Tom looked up and tried to plead for them to stop, but it was too late because the larger one slapped him across the face and nose causing blood to spatter all over his shirt and the floor. Tom quickly placed his hand on his nose and squeezed the nostrils together to stop the bleeding but the blood continued to gush out. He wanted it to stop. He hadn’t been in a fight since seventh grade. 
He looked up at the smaller one with pale blue eyes and slammed his fist into the man’s face causing him to instantly fall.  Tom stood and smiled as he watched as the man crumpled to the floor, but a second later everything went black when the left side of his head exploded in pain. The last thing he remembered was the closed hand of the taller crewcut streaking by his eyes. He didn’t even have time to react.
Sometime later, Tom awoke in a well-lit room handcuffed to a small cot-like bed. Standing next to him was his attorney, Carl Stringer.
“Where am I?  What happened?”
Stringer shook his head. “You tell me. You’re the one that broke that guy’s jaw.”  He pointed at nearby cot where pale blue-eye crewcut was lying with bandages covering the lower half of his face.
“They attacked me first. I was just trying to defend myself.”
“Let’s hope so, or I’m never going to be able to get you out of here.”  Stringer opened his briefcase and bean shuffling papers again causing Tom to look away. “He is already charging you with assault and battery and he has a witness.”
“Let me guess. He has the same haircut.”
“Yes, his brother.”
Tom tried to sit up, but his back ached terribly so he remained on his back. “I’m telling you they attacked me as soon as I left the room we were in.”
“Lucky for you they have cameras covering everywhere inside the prison. Let’s hope what you’re saying is true. This doesn’t look good for you. Makes you look like a violent man…I mean you split his jaw in half. He’s going to have to get it wired shut. What did you hit him with?”
Tom looked down at his swollen right hand and instantly felt the pain on his knuckles he hadn’t noticed before. “My hand.”
“You have some right hand. I just hope the jury doesn’t hear about this.”  Stringer shook his head and closed the briefcase and slowly stood up. “Get some rest and stay away from those guys.”  Tom nodded and watched as two men in medical uniforms wheeled the blue-eyed man by him. He tried to close his eyes and relax, but he couldn’t stop the feeling of someone watching him. He carefully set up and saw the big crew cut guy across the room chained to a chair staring at him with a look that said he was in trouble. Tom felt himself began to tremble inside as the man lunged towards him causing the chain from his wrists to pull on the steel arm of the chair. Then the man’s lips formed the words that he was a dead man. Tom looked away and took a deep breath knowing he needed to get out of here as soon as possible. 
He thought of Emily and Kaitlyn and somehow fell asleep dreaming about being with them. 
When he awoke, the lights were dim and the big crewcut was gone as well as everyone else. He called out, and a minute later a woman with a friendly face walked towards him. She asked how he was feeling and he said he was okay. She nodded and spoke into her radio. 
  A few minutes later, the same two officers came in and hustled him back to his cell. Neither one of them said a word as they pulled him along the long dimly-lit hallway. It was a small jail, but apparently the health clinic room was on the other side because it took at least fifteen minutes. Tom watched the cells blur by him as they made their way back into the familiar section he was housed in. They passed the same room and area where he was beat up in. Gone was all the blood and any sign of a struggle, instead buffed and cleaned floors probably done by one of the prisoners. 
     Tom was held back by one of the officers as the other one opened the cell door and pushed him in slamming the door behind him. He fell onto the bed landing on his sore back, but he quickly ignored the pain seeing the photograph of Emily lying beside him. Her face was bruised and bloodied. It was the same picture he had been shown the day before. Tom picked it up and saw written on the back were the words “dead man”. He tore the picture up and threw it into the tiny steel can next to the sink for garbage. It was full of tissues and paper from whatever prisoner had been in here before. He doubted emptying it was a priority. He looked away and lay down on the thin mattress feeling the steel bed below him and wondering how he had ever gotten into this mess. He had no idea the time of day, but he figured it had to be the middle of the night. 
   He wasn’t sure how long he slept but he jumped up hearing a loud piercing scream coming from nearby. It sounded like someone was being butchered. He relaxed for a moment till he heard a loud knock on his door. He tried to ignore it, but it wouldn’t stop. Someone was pounding their fists on the hard steel causing his whole cell and body to echo. He felt nervous. He figured the officers would have keys so he wasn’t sure what to do. He slowly crept over to the door and stood with his ear up to the door till the loud knock caused him to jump back. A minute later, a piece of paper was slid through the tray slot with Kaitlyn’s school picture on it. He grabbed it and tried to look through the slot to see who had placed it there.  There was no one. He slammed his fist into the steel door.
Detective Paulson was happy Reynolds was in jail, but he knew it would only be a matter of time till he was released if he didn’t find any hard evidence. He had never had a case quite like this. Everyone he talked to had nothing but good things to say about the man and his family. He still believed in his gut like his fellow detectives that the man had done something with his family, but he couldn’t find any good leads. He knew he would find something he always did. 
      Being a detective was just something Paulson had always wanted to do and something he had a knack for. Even when he was a kid he always solved the murders on the crime shows before the detective actor did. He knew he would become a police officer and went right from high school to the military to becoming a police officer. From his very first shift, he hung around the detective office and assisted them in any way he could. When he finally applied and took the exam, he was the first name on the list. He had been so happy when he received the badge and kept it bedside him every night sometimes staring at it on long nights when he couldn’t sleep, which was most nights. 
    He hadn’t slept more than four hours since he had received the call on this one. He just had that bad feeling about it, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. He was going to head to the jail tomorrow and talk to Reynolds and try to grill him behind bars. It usually worked, especially on a guy who had never been in a prison before. He had already spoken with some of the prison officers and had heard that Reynolds was having a tough time and had already been roughed up a little bit. That was just what he wanted to hear. He knew in another day the man would be so distraught he would confess and Paulson could get on with his next case. 






Chapter 13 

Tom awoke when he heard the tray slot open again. He watched the pale yellow-colored eggs and soggy white bread as they were shoved through. He had somehow found a way to go to sleep clutching the tear-soaked picture of Kaitlyn in his hands all night. He wasn’t going to let go. He still wasn’t sure who had placed it in the slot or what it meant, but he felt very uneasy and had experienced some horrific nightmares while he slept. He scraped up the tray and shoved the cold watery eggs down his throat and chugged the warm sour orange juice to keep everything from coming back up. He knew he needed to eat now. He was going to need every bit of his strength to not only get through the day, but to survive. He stared at the door waiting for it to open and common room time to begin. He had a plan in his mind how he was going to handle crew cut. He just hoped it would work. 
  Two hours later, the announcement was made and the steel door sprang open and Tom slowly stepped out. He carefully looked both ways as he left his cell following the other inmates as they made their way down the hall to the common area that was full of benches and the one large TV still tuned to CNN. He didn’t see crew cut anywhere but he knew he was out there lurking. Tom just hoped he would see him in time, so he could stay alive. He had to. 
He watched as two elderly African-American men sat down at a chess table where a game was already in progress while the rest of the men gathered in front of the TV. Tom thought the anchor looked like one of his co-workers, but his eyes were focused on those around him instead of the screen. He made his way in between two large men who were focused on the screen and tried to keep his 6”1” frame out of sight. Behind him, were the two officers who had moved him from the infirmary and back to his cell. He didn’t trust them. He wasn’t sure if they were the ones feeding him the pictures of his family. He was very uncomfortable and didn’t trust anyone in here. 
Across the other side of the room were two other officers who looked like they were deeply engrossed in a conversation and not paying attention to anything going on around them causing Tom more uneasiness. 
  A few seconds later, he turned his head to the right hearing screaming. There were two inmates punching and grabbing each other ferociously reminding Tom of an MMA fight. He listened as all the men began cheering for one of the fighters, no one was paying attention to the TV anymore. Tom watched as the larger and heavier of the two men got a clean shot to the face of the smaller man causing him to fall to the ground. The officers immediately pounced upon him ceasing the fight and causing the inmates to let out a loud groan. The larger of the two officers hoisted the beaten man back to his feet. His eyes looked dazed and confused causing his opponent to smile and the other inmates to begin cheering. 
  Tom almost joined in until he felt a searing sharp pain in his left arm. He turned around and saw blood gushing out from the flesh right above his elbow and crewcut standing behind him smiling and holding a makeshift razor blade weapon. Tom reached for his arm with his right hand and pressed on the wound, but the pain was intense. He began to feel woozy. 
He slowly looked around and no one was paying attention. Everyone was still focused on the fight aftermath. Tom was upset with himself for not paying attention and knew crewcut had probably been just waiting for the right moment. 
   He watched the razor blade go up again towards his neck but he ducked out of the way at the last second causing crewcut to momentarily lose is balance. Tom was ready. The wooziness disappeared and he yanked out the ballpoint pen he had been hiding since leaving the infirmary and jammed it into the chest of crewcut under the right side of his ribs. He fell to the ground in pain and surprise. Tom couldn’t believe it. He yanked the blood-soaked pen back out and quickly ran through the crowd and reached the other side near the fight.  
   He remained in place holding his shirt sleeve firmly on the wound. It was really starting to burn and his shirt was quickly turning red. He knew he had to do something quick before crewcut found him. He looked back through the crowd but couldn’t see anything. There were too many prisoners. The officers cuffed the two fighters and the floor was covered in blood from the man’s nose. Tom smiled. 
  He watched as the men were escorted away and an officer ordered that someone clean up the mess. Tom volunteered and was shown to the corner of the room by another inmate where a dirty bucket and a rose-colored mop were sitting. Tom quickly filled the bucket and headed back towards the blood spill. He began mopping and when he was sure no one was looking he deliberately fell to the floor landing on the blood, and causing his jumpsuit to be covered with red splotches. He watched as the men’s heads turned back towards him and rang out in laughter till someone pointed at crewcut lying on the floor on the other side of the room clutching his chest. 
  The officers now joined by many more, surrounded crewcut and began dispatching everyone back to their cells leaving Tom in place with the mop and bucket.  A large officer with a hoarse voice and huge biceps yelled out behind him and told him to hurry it up. Tom nodded and made his way back to his cell. He took a deep breath hearing the metallic clicking sound of the door shutting and locking behind him. He had survived. 
    He was happy to be back in his safe cell. Home sweet home. He waited a minute and then began examining the cut. It was deep and probably would need stitches but he knew now was not the time to tell anyone. He went to the sink and cleaned it up as best as possible and continued applying pressure until the bleeding began to finally slow down. 
   About an hour later, his cell door screamed open and the buff officer with the huge biceps along with another mean looking officer stood in his doorway. Tom knew he had been had. They slowly entered his cell with their fists at the ready in case Tom got out of control. He leaned back against the cement wall. Biceps told him to remain in place. They asked him what happened to him, and he reminded him he was the one who had mopped up the blood. The buff one began to grin, probably laughing at the visual of Tom’s slip on the blood. Tom smiled.
“You okay?”  He had a deep voice from all those heavy reps in the gym.
“I’m fine.”  Tom pointed at the blood stains on his arm. “Guy was a bleeder.”  Neither officer reacted.
“Did you see anything?”
“Just two guys beating each other up.”  Tom looked down.
“Not that. We’re asking about the guy that was stabbed. He has a collapsed lung and is in critical condition. Don’t know if he is going to make it.”
Tom looked up and examined each officer’s tense face. He couldn’t imagine the stories they could tell about being in here. He had only been here a short time and he couldn’t wait to leave. They had to come every day by choice or at least by profession. “I didn’t see anything.”
“Of course not. No one ever does.”  The buff officer shook his head. “We got nothing on the video since everyone was standing, so I need you to think real hard again if you saw anything. Tom shook his head. The officer shouted. “Get cleaned up and have that stuff bagged and not mixed with the other laundry.”
Tom nodded and watched them walk out and jumped when the steel door slammed shut. He wasn’t sure what was next, but he knew he had to get out before crewcut recovered or he was a dead man. “What if he had killed him?”  He shuddered. Was he now a murderer? 
    He began applying pressure again and hoped no one would find out what happened. He didn’t think anyone had witnessed it but he knew crewcut would probably say something if he did survive. He grimaced as he slowly removed the bloody clothes mixed with his fresh blood and the fighters. He put the clothes in the corner so he could place them in a garbage bag for special pickup. He pulled the other shirt and pants that were given to him trying not to disturb the wound that was still oozing. He hoped it wouldn’t become infected. Once he was dressed, he began applying pressure again and remained that way for the next several hours. 
   He woke up sometime later, his shirt oozing with blood, but it looked like there was a scab and the bleeding stopped. He grabbed the one bar of soap he was given and began softly rubbing the wound to clean it. He jumped hearing the loud knock on his door. 

Chapter 14

Three large officers burst through his door as soon as it opened. He had never seen any of them before. Two of them were carrying batons and wearing body armor. The third one and smallest of the three was wearing a suit and tie and was standing back from the others.  He had dark black hair slicked back tightly with gel like a mobster might wear it. Tom watched him squeeze between the two large men and stop in front of his cot.
“Let’s go. Get your stuff Mr. Reynolds.”  He had a soft but commanding voice.
“Where am I going?”
“It’s not important, just get what you have and let’s go.”  Tom reached down and grabbed his picture and stuck it in his pocket and nodded. He quickly stood up and was led out in the hallway between the two officers with the suit in front leading the way. 
They walked down past all the cells and through a small steel door Tom had never seen before. Through the door was a long dark staircase that led to another floor with about ten more cells each equipped with nothing more than a small opening for a tray. Tom was led to the very last one where the suit opened it up and motioned for Tom to enter.
 He stepped into a small brightly lit room with the same furnishings as his old one except this one contained a steel desk. Tom looked behind him and all three men had entered the room with him. The suit pulled the door behind them causing it to slam shut.
He leaned in close to Tom. “We have reason to believe your life may be in danger. We received a lead that there is a hit out on your life which is why we are moving you down here in solitary.”  Tom looked around at his new surroundings. “You’ll be safe in here.”
“How long do I have to stay here?”
“That depends on the judge and your attorney. You’re due in court tomorrow.”  The three men quickly moved towards the door and opened it. “Have a good day Mr. Reynolds.”  
Tom watched as they exited, leaving him alone in the stark room. There were no clocks, no windows and no sense of anyone else except for him and his thoughts. He pulled out the picture folded neatly in his pocket and stared into her bright eyes and wondered if she was okay and if she was even his. He wasn’t sure how much time went by, but sometime later a tray was slipped through his door. It appeared the same as the last meal he had eaten so he wasn’t sure if it was breakfast, lunch or even dinner. He tried to swallow the food without tasting it. He was getting better at it, but it still left an awful aftertaste that remained in his mouth the rest of the day. 
He spent the rest of the day or night drifting on and off till he heard the tray door rattle again and another tray was slipped through. He tried calling out to whoever dropped it off but there was no response, just the echoing sound of the tray flap. He had never felt so alone in his life. He began pacing all over the tiny room, not able to sleep or even relax anymore. He had to get out of here. He even thought he would rather face the crewcut than spend time locked up in the room. 
He jumped hearing the tray door rattle sometime later and saw another tray of the same food placed inside. He again went through the process of yelling, but the person never answered. He wasn’t sure how many more trays came and went but it seemed to be a lot. He knew he had been in here much longer than a day, though time had no meaning anymore. He looked at all the trays stacked up in the corner of the room and tried to count them, but he lost count after ten or so. He couldn’t focus his mind to count that long anymore. He couldn’t remember the last time he had slept. He just continued pacing like a lion in the zoo. 
He thought of the pandas and Kaitlyn again. He even stared at the picture in his hand. It was now crumpled and difficult to make out, but he could still see the outline of her pretty little face. He listened as another tray was put in the slot. He didn’t respond this time. There was no point. It was the same food as the last ten or was it twenty now he had. It was two pieces of bread, a slop of green beans and a piece of meat that was overcooked and difficult to chew. There was an orange juice delivered with each meal that he looked forward to. It didn’t taste like the orange juice he and Emily would drink back home, but it was better than water. He drank the whole cup and began pacing so frantically that he was becoming dizzy. 
Sometime later, he awoke finding himself in the middle of the floor covered in sweat and urine. He wasn’t sure what had happened. He looked towards the door and saw many new trays had been delivered. He ate what he could before everything came back up and landed on both the floor and his clothes. He began banging as hard as he could on the steel door hoping for some response, but there was nothing. Both of his hands were sore and turning black and blue forcing him to stop. He was going crazy. That he knew. There was a small steel mirror above the sink that he pulled himself up to look at himself. He didn’t know who was looking back but it wasn’t Tom Reynolds. 
Another tray came and went, but he didn’t even bother to look. He just continued to stare at his foreign face. What had happened?  How had he ended up like this?  He felt like he had been forgotten and there was no escape. His eyes went to his arm where he had been cut and he noticed the cut had turned a sickly green color. He was sure it had become infected. He leaned down and turned on the faucet and cupped some water and threw it on the cut trying to wash the infection away, but it didn’t seem to make any difference so he gave up and went back to staring at his face. His face as was grayish color and his hair looked like it had grown six inches since he had been imprisoned. He knew he needed help, he just wasn’t sure how to get it. He needed to come up with a plan. He walked over and stood by the door and the latest tray. He swallowed the food and the orange juice, but it didn’t do any good because everything immediately came up again. Luckily, he had managed to make it to the sink this time. He went back to the side of the door and leaned against the wall, not daring to make a move. It would just be a matter of time. 
Sure enough, sometime later, he didn’t know if it was five minutes or five hours, but he heard the tray door open. He quickly slipped his hand into the slot forcing the tray to fall backwards and onto whoever was placing it in there. He heard the tray fall to the ground and the person on the other end grunt. He waited, but heard nothing. No more sounds, just silence again. He threw a full cup of orange juice against the wall and watched it splatter.
 A little while later, he was back pacing the cell again waiting for another tray, but nothing came. He knew enough time had passed for another meal. We’re they going to starve him now too? He wondered. He was starting to feel woozy but he continued pacing and pacing. He finally stopped when his legs began to ache so much he couldn’t walk anymore. He looked at the stab wound on his arm and saw that it had turned even greener and eerier. He pulled his sleeve down to cover it up and sat down on the steel cot with the thin mattress covering it and tried to lie down. It felt like he was sleeping on a cement floor. He could feel the coldness of the steel frame making its way right through the thin mattress. He couldn’t understand why they had turned down the temperature. It had gotten so cold in the room. He could feel himself beginning to shiver. He pulled the sheet over his body and stretched out on the mattress till he felt the warm tears begin to flow. It felt like someone had turned on a faucet.  
   He wasn’t sure how long he remained like that but he awoke sometime later shivering even more. He couldn’t understand why it kept getting colder. He kept looking towards the tray window hoping for some activity, but there was nothing, no sound and no tray. They had stopped coming. He was going to starve to death, but he wasn’t even hungry anymore. He closed his eyes and dreamed of Kaitlyn and Emily. Everyone seemed so happy and right then it all went bad.
Paulson was getting frustrated with the correctional officers as they wouldn’t give him any information on Reynolds. They said he had been released, but he was nowhere to be found and furthermore his lawyer said Reynolds was still in jail. Paulson used every channel and perk he had to find something out, but he couldn’t get anywhere. It was like the system had somehow lost a prisoner and they weren’t going to admit it. He thought maybe something had happened to him and the prison was trying to cover it up, but there was no way they could ever get away with. With the chief out of town, he could only go to the assistant who was of no use. He was nothing more than a paper pusher who just did whatever the chief told him to. He said he would consider it, but Paulson knew that meant nothing was going to happen.
He banged on the door for the Warden and was lead in by his tall assistant wearing a colorful cheerful yellow dress with bright colored flowers on it. She had a big smile to go along with it. Paulson looked the other way. He wasn’t going to be fooled by anything. They were in a jail. He sat on a soft leather chair in a small office and a minute later a large man wearing glasses stepped in.
“What can I do for you Detective Paulson?”
Paulson studied the man’s expensive paisley tie. “I’m looking for one of your prisoners and it seems he has disappeared.”
The Warden looked down at a piece of paper he was holding. “What’s his name?”
“Tom Reynolds. I put him in here and now he’s gone and I need to see him.”
“It says he’s in C2-TRP.”
“He’s not there and hasn’t been there for days.”
The Warden looked up at Paulson through his glasses. “And might I ask how you know that?”
“Because I’ve been to his cell about ten times looking for him.”
“Are you are telling me my officers know he isn’t there as well?”
“That is what I’m telling you.”
Paulson watched the Warden quickly stand up. “I will get on this immediately. Thanks for letting me know. I’ll be in touch.”  He shook Paulson’s hand and left the room leaving him alone for a minute till the flowered dress lady returned and smiled and lead him back out. Paulson fumed.









Chapter 15  

The door burst open and crewcut sprang into the room. Tom couldn’t move his arms or legs.  They felt as though they each weighed a hundred pounds. He was so tired and cold. He couldn’t feel anything except the continued blows to his head. He surrendered himself to the pain and was about to give in and give up until he saw a bright light. It wasn’t the type of light he had heard people see at the end of their lives, but a smaller and brighter one moving back and forth. 
A second later, he heard a voice. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but he heard a familiar voice calling out his name. He wondered if he was seeing God. Somehow, he managed to open his eyes a minute later. Above him, was a man wearing a long white robe and glasses so thick the man’s eyes were blurred. He was holding a small bright light that was shining directly into Tom’s eyes. Tom focused on the light going back and forth. He tried to open his eyes fully and look around but he couldn’t move his neck. It wouldn’t turn. Nothing was moving. He had no control of any part of his body. He was paralyzed. He felt his body lurch when his name was called out again. He tried to answer but his mouth wasn’t cooperating. He continued to try and talk but eventually he gave up and the light extinguished. He was staring directly into the face of the man with the thick glasses. He had bright white hair and thick white eyebrows that caused Tom to start laughing. He couldn’t stop until he felt a strong hand on his shoulders that seemed to relax him immediately. It was like a magic touch.
“Mr. Reynolds…Mr. Reynolds.”  Tom stopped when he heard the voice. He had heard it before but he couldn’t place it. It was a deep dark voice, like you might hear on the radio. He slowly turned his head sideways despite the pain and looked at the concerned looking face of his attorney, Carl Stringer. What was going on? He asked himself. “It’s okay now Mr. Reynolds…you’re going to be fine right doctor?” The voice said again.
The man standing above him was saying something about that he was going to be fine, but Tom couldn’t understand him. He had a pleasant face. Tom tried to sit up and was immediately helped by the two men.
“Where am I?”  Tom slowly looked around at the small room filled with medical machines humming and whirring like they do.
“You’re in a hospital Mr. Reynolds.”
Tom tried to move his arms and legs again and noticed they wouldn’t move. He began to panic again.
“You’re secured to the bed Mr. Reynolds for your protection and the medical staff.”  Tom looked at the doctor than at the shackles on his arms and legs. “Do you remember anything about what happened to you?”  Tom stared at Carl Stringer and for the first time noticed two other men dressed in impeccable suits standing behind him, their eyes were focused on him.
“I don’t know.”  Tom answered still trying to figure out what happened.
“Don’t you worry Mr. Reynolds, I am going to get you out of here just like I promised you last week.”
 “Last week?”  Tom felt the confusion erupt through his body causing his head to fog up again.
“Yes, you really don’t remember anything do you?”  Tom watched as Stringer looked behind him at the two men in suits who nodded. “You were gone, vanished from all of us. We thought you had somehow escaped from the jail. We had everyone searching for you, then we found you in an abandoned part of the jail locked up in a cell.”  He took a deep breath. “You were completely dehydrated and running a high fever.”  Stringer looked at the doctor who was checking Tom’s legs. He could feel his cold hands squeezing his ankles. “We didn’t think you were going to make it. That was two days ago, but your fever is down and you are one the mend right doc?”
“Correct, though you will need to be in here for a few more days.”
“That means your arraignment will not be held till you are better, though I am pretty sure after all you have been through the judge and the DA will have no problem letting you go.”  He looked back at the two suits and one of them nodded in agreement. “Try to remember whatever you can?”
Tom thought back to the night the three men took him downstairs to the cell. He relayed his memories to the men while the two suits and Stringer ferociously copied everything down he said. He had to repeat himself several times. He stopped at the point when crewcut came into his cell. He wasn’t sure if that was real or not and by the lack of bruises and pain he was thinking that may have just occurred in his mind, but he wasn’t going to ask.
After he finished, one of the men in the suits stepped forward and stood next to Stringer. He was in his mid-fifties, thin with glasses. “I’m Joseph Carter and I’m the prison warden. I want to say with my deepest apologies I am sorry for what happened to you. I take full responsibility and have every resource investigating how this happened. Any information you can give me on the people that took you down there would be very helpful.”  Tom spent the next ten minutes describing the three men who moved him. The Warden nodded and frowned every so often. After he had finished, everyone stepped out leaving him alone with Stringer.
“Craziest thing I have ever seen, and I’ve been doing this for twenty-five years. There is something going on with you that you’re not telling me. First, I get hired anonymously for a large sum of money and then this. This doesn’t happen to normal people, so anything you care to share with me would really help. Remember you have attorney-client privilege, so anything you say stays between us.”
“There’s nothing else I can tell you. It all started the other day when I came home and my wife and daughter were gone and then the detective told me I had beaten her up.”
“I’ve seen the pictures and evidence and they are pretty damming. I’m guessing you have an explanation.”
Tom shook his head. “That’s the thing I don’t have an explanation for any of this. One day I’m leading an everyday life and the next day, I’m in an abandoned cell. How could that happen?” Tom felt the wooziness wearing off.
“We don’t know. I think the Warden may know more than he is saying and I may file some paperwork to get to the bottom of it. I think you have more than a legitimate case to file that could get you a decent sum.”
“I don’t want money. I don’t even care about that. I just want my family back.”
“That’s another issue. I think we need to get you out of here first. By the way, everyone wants to know how you got that puncture wound in your arm. Apparently, it was badly infected. The doctor said with the wound and the combination of dehydration and lack of food, you almost died…you might want to rethink that lawsuit.”
“I think I got it when they moved me that night.”
“The Warden says they found a weapon on another inmate who was stabbed with a ballpoint pen and almost died as well. I’m not sure of his status now, but he mumbled something about being stabbed by you.”  Tom shook his head no. “Don’t be surprised if they want to ask you more about that.”  Stringer looked at the floor. “Remember what I told you, don’t give any information to anyone unless I tell you first.”  Tom nodded. “Get some rest. I’ll be back later. I think you can push that button next to you if you need anything.”  Tom looked at the small red button next to him built into the bed. Tom watched Stringer leave the room and a minute later a nurse with a very friendly face came in added something to the IV and Tom drifted away.






Chapter 16  

Tom felt woozy when he awoke some time later. He was still secured to the same hospital bed, but he was feeling much better and more with it.   The room had become dark and everything around him was so quiet he figured it was sometime in the middle of the night. He was so glad to be out of that cell. He had no idea how they had found him and he probably would never really know. 
He knew there would probably be a deal between Stringer and the Warden that would keep it out of the press. He didn’t care. He just wanted to get out. He needed to be free to find out more about Emily and Kaitlyn. He pulled at the binds on his wrists and was disturbed they were still secured to the steel frame. There was no way he could get loose. He pulled about ten times despite knowing that he wasn’t going to be able to free himself. He reached over as far as he could with his right hand and pushed the red button for about five seconds. 
A minute later, a young woman dressed in light blue scrubs entered his room. She was attractive and fit with a short and styled blond haircut.
“Can I help you with anything?”  She had a pleasant voice and friendly demeanor, but remained a good distance from the bed.
“I was wondering if I could get some water or something to drink?”
He watched her click on her iPad for a few seconds then look up. “Sure…ice water or apple juice?”
“Apple juice.”  Tom quickly answered. She quickly turned around and exited the room much faster than she should have. A minute later, she returned. The juice was already open and there was a straw placed in the mouth. She handed it to him leaning as far as she could so she wouldn’t have to come to close to him. “It’s okay. I’m chained down.”  Tom rattled the cuffs against the steel frame. “I can’t hurt you.”  Tom laughed.
“I know. It’s just…I’m new here and I’ve never been around….”
“A convict…right?”  She nodded.  “I may be cuffed, but I’m and innocent man just trying to get out of here so I can find my family.”  He watched her slowly begin to back away. “Really…I’m a father.”
“I understand. Please let us know if you need anything else.”  She raised up her wrist and looked at her Apple watch. “We will be in soon anyway to get your vitals.”
“Can you at least let me know what time it is?”
“It’s 3:00 AM.”  She lowered her wrist. Tom saw the display light on the watch fade.
“How about the date?”
She looked confused. “You really don’t know anything do you?”
“If you only knew.”  
“It is April 10th.” Tom shook his head in disbelief. “What?”
“I can’t believe that much time has gone by.”
“Since what?”
“The first. That’s the day I came home and my wife and daughter were gone…no trace just disappeared…and then I was accused and in jail and now I’m here.”  He began to sob. She took two steps closer and grabbed a tissue and reached as far as she could and wiped his eyes. “Thank you. That was very nice of you.”
She took a step back. “No problem. I know who you are and what the sites are saying.”
“What sites?”
“I’m not supposed to say anything to the patients… but you know…the local blogs. I’m not saying it is all true…but they say you beat your wife and she is missing. Either ran away with some other guy or you murdered them.”  Tom lurched and felt his insides rise.
“What?  Murdered them?”  He began to rattle the cuffs violently against the frame.
“I’m sorry. I should get back to my other patients.”
“No wait, one more minute please. These blogs…who writes them?”
“The local guys who follow the news and stuff. They’re usually ahead of all the TV channels and newspapers my parents always watch.”  She looked down at an iPad she was holding.
“I didn’t murder my family. I don’t know where they are, but I will find them.”  Tom was yelling. 
A minute later, a large man slightly older and dressed in similar colored scrubs walked in and told him to quiet down. He ushered the nurse out of the room. Tom felt his pulse quicken and sweat build up on his forehead as he pondered the possibility that he had murdered his family. There was no way, but nothing made sense and he wasn’t sure of what he was capable of any more. He began rattling the cuffs loudly against the frame again and a second later both the male and female nurses entered his room and injected something into the IV that caused Tom to immediately drift off.
 He was now on the beach holding Kaitlyn’s hand as the light surf buried her toes. He was smiling.






















Chapter 17 

The next time Tom awoke he heard a familiar voice above him again. He opened his eyes and saw Stringer standing over him. He was dressed in his usual expensive suit with a smooth burgundy tie and matching handkerchief. It reminded Tom of when he first started at Mercer Financial. As soon as he received his first paycheck he went right to the nearest men’s shop and purchased a new suit. He had been so proud of that suit. It was navy blue with faint pinstripes and cuffed pants. The latest style at the time. He had purchased several shirts and ties recommended by the tailor who advised him he could wear the suit multiple days and just interchange the shirt and tie. He did that for many years even after a he owned almost a dozen suits. Now he rarely wore a tie to work. It was all business casual as everyone called it. He usually wore slacks with a collared shirt and even jeans on Fridays. Things had changed. He missed his job. He wondered how his clients were doing with the news that their advisor was now locked up and thought of as a possible murder. He banged the cuffs against the beam causing Stringer to step back a step.
“Take it easy Mr. Reynolds.”
“Sorry, I’m just ready to get out of here. What’s the hold up anyway?”
“We are all waiting till you are healthy enough to come to court.”
“I’m ready and I need to get out and get back to finding my family.”
Stringer looked down for a minute and then back up at Tom. “I wouldn’t suggest doing anything like that for a while. You need to just lay low and stay in town. I’m doing everything I can to convince people you aren’t going to run away.”
“They’re calling me a murderer.”
Stringer looked confused. “How did you hear about that?”  Tom looked back at the doorway. “They shouldn’t be saying anything to you. Besides, it’s just the fringe saying that. You know how people like to sensationalize things.”
“It doesn’t matter who is saying that. Just get me out of here.”
“We have to wait for the doctor to okay your transfer back to your cell and then we can get you a court date very soon after.”
“I’m not going back there after what just happened.”
Stringer flipped though some of the papers he was holding. “I won’t let you go back until they guarantee me you will be safe…”
“…I know so you can get paid.”
“…and do my job. I told you I would get you out of here and I will.”
“You told me that a week ago and I’m still here.”  He rattled the cuffs against the frame again causing Stringer to jump again. “And now I’m being called a murderer too.”
“For the record I don’t think you are a murderer. There’s no evidence of that.”
“What do you think I am then?”
“I am in no position to answer that right now.”  He shook his head.
Tom rattled the cuffs again. He screamed so loudly that the two nurses came back in and put something into the IV again. Tom yelled at them to stop but it was too late. He felt himself drift off to sleep again, but instead of being with Emily and Kaitlyn this time he was trapped in a cell again with crewcut.
















Chapter 18 

Tom awoke sometime later. He felt groggy. They must have given him a heavy dose. When he opened his eyes, he saw two large deputies standing in the corner of the room. Neither of them were smiling and they were both wearing thick beige sheriff uniforms with armor poking through the seams. 
 “He’s awake.”  One of them yelled out to the other one who immediately headed into the hallway upon hearing the news. A minute later, a doctor entered the room. Tom had seen him before. He was a thin balding man with a friendly face like a pediatrician might have. He stood over Tom for a minute and then nodded to the two deputies. The doctor quickly disappeared.
The deputies moved in and quickly unhooked the cuffs from the rails and sat Tom up a little too quickly. He felt his vision begin to swirl for a moment, so he remained motionless until they hoisted him out of the bed. The larger of the two walked over to a nearby chair and grabbed his prison jumpsuit. He threw the jumpsuit on the bed and told him to get dressed. Tom slowly looked around and realized they weren’t going to give him any privacy, so he took off the hospital gown and slipped the uncomfortable jumpsuit on.
 A minute later, the deputies forced the cuffs on his wrists behind his back and grabbed each one of his arms and escorted him out of the hospital, past the balding doctor who didn’t even look up. Soon they were on the elevator and in the parking garage getting into the back of a large brown colored van. Tom was hooked to a metal clamp on the seat and the deputies climbed into the driver’s seat.
 A few minutes later, they pulled into the prison complex. Tom was quickly led through the door and down a dozen hallways till he recognized his original cell. The deputy opened the door and shoved him inside. Tom sat down on the same bench and looked around at the familiar room. He could already feel his nerves tightening up. He was back. Nothing had changed. He repositioned himself and rubbed his injury which still burned every time he moved. He couldn’t believe how trapped he felt. 
He heard the loud knock on the door and saw it opened by two officers and the Warden. He recognized him from the hospital. The two officers quickly entered his cell and secured their arms on to his wrists while the Warden slowly walked in and turned around as the door closed behind him and slammed shut.
“Sit down Mr. Reynolds.”  He had a smooth authoritative voice. Tom was forced onto the bench by the two officers. The Warden remained standing in front of him leaning against the cement wall about four feet away.  He was glaring at Tom. “First of all, I want to apologize again about your isolation experience. We have identified the officers involved with that and they are currently in the process of being let go.”  He looked down at the stained cement floor. “I hope you are feeling better and if there is anything we can do for you within reason please let us know.”  Tom nodded as the Warden took a step closer. “On another matter, we have an inmate who claims you stabbed him with a modified ball point pen…we even have a few witnesses.”  Tom couldn’t remember seeing anyone. “This particular inmate is in ICU as well as his twin brother who has his jaw wired shut after having it broken in half by you. Can you explain yourself?”  Tom closed his eyes and thought about Stringer warning him not to talk. “Mr. Reynolds. I don’t have all day here.”
Tom finally opened his eyes and stared up at the Warden and the two officers flanking him.  “They attacked me first.”  Tom whispered.
“What?”
“I said they attacked me first. The first guy ambushed me and started punching me so I punched him back.”
“And broke his jaw.”
He nodded. “The second guy stuck me with a knife so I fought back with a pen. It wasn’t modified.”  Tom thought back to when he shaved it down causing a sharp point.
The Warden shook his head. “Where is the pen now?”
“I have no idea. The next thing I knew I was stuck in that cell.”
“Where did you get it?”
“From the clinic. I wanted to do some writing.”
“Are you a trained fighter?  Been in the military or something?  I looked at your file and there is nothing indicating any training. How can you explain how you took out two of the largest and toughest of all the inmates in here?  You’re a financial planner with Mercer, right?”  
Tom nodded. “I just want to survive so I can find my family.”
The Warden shook his head. “We’ll be back, but if I were you I would keep my hands to myself.”  Tom watched the Warden wave at the two officers and signal for them to open the door. 
A minute later, the door was shut and the three men left leaving Tom to himself. He spent the next two hours thinking about what the Warden had said and how he was able to take down the two crewcuts till a tray was pushed into the slot. Tom grabbed the plastic tray and slid the meatloaf down his throat using the small bottle of orange juice. He couldn’t believe how hungry he was. The food still didn’t taste well, but it did leave his stomach feeling as though it were full. He lay on the bed and closed his eyes and didn’t wake up till he heard the slot open again and the breakfast tray slide through the slot. He had slept through his first full night back in jail without waking up in fear. Maybe he was becoming an inmate. He had now taken out two inmates, slept through the night and was able to eat the food with the best of them. He stared at the tray and wondered whether that was a good thing or bad. He missed Emily and Kaitlyn more than ever now.





















Chapter 19

The common time came and went. There were no crewcuts and no inmates that talked to him. He figured word must have gotten out to stay away. He kept his eyes to himself as he casually strolled back to his cell and felt relieved when the door automatically closed. It was a sound he despised but comforted in its safety. 
A minute later, after he sat down on the bench and began to count the lines on the wall across from him there was a loud knock and the door was opened by two large correctional officers. Tom leaned back unsure of what was going to happen, but they slipped the cuffs on him and didn’t say a word, even after he questioned them where he was going. 
He was led along the cell blocks and past the clinic. He had never been this far and was beginning to fear he was being taken back to the abandoned cell. He didn’t think he could handle another night in there. He began to pull back until the officers yanked harder on his wrists forcing him to keep up with them. They continued walking and ended up near a large desk manned by two of the callous looking people Tom had ever seen. They were dressed in correctional officer uniforms, but wore scowls on their faces like they were being led to their own deaths. 
Tom was placed directly in front of them. They both stared at him for a moment before handing him a large garbage bag. The officers behind him pushed him towards a small room and unhooked his wrists and closed the door. Tom found a light switch and realized he was in a small bathroom. He looked in the bag and saw the clothes he was wearing when he had been arrested. He was being let go. 
He quickly changed and ran back out the door towards the desk. The two officers had him sign numerous pieces of paper and then pointed him towards a large steel door that weighed as much as a Chevy that Tom opened that led outside. He immediately felt the rays of sunshine piercing his body. Nothing had ever felt so good. He remained standing on the sidewalk in front of the jail until he felt a push from behind. He quickly turned around and saw Stringer standing behind him with a big smile on his face. Tom gave him a big hug. Stringer took a step back.
“I told you I would get you out of here.”
“Did you get your money?”
Stringer nodded. “Yep first thing this morning. I even got the Warden to drop the charges of your assault on two inmates.”  Tom looked surprised. “I kept bringing up our lawsuit against you being placed in an abandoned cell.”
“I never agreed to that.”
“You want to go back in?”  Tom shook his head. “The warden wouldn’t give in at first, but I just kept hammering him about going to the press about what happened and he finally gave in. Of course, you can’t sue now.”
“Like I told you, I don’t care about the money.”
“You will one day. Trust me everyone does. How’s it feels to be out?”  Tom didn’t answer. “Let me take you home.”  Stringer pointed at a sparkling brand new 700 series black BMW parked behind him. Tom agreed. 
Ten minutes later, he was walking through the house looking for Emily and Kaitlyn. Nothing had changed except for the emptiness had grown louder. Stringer hadn’t come in, instead he just dropped Tom off and sped away. 
Tom ended up in the kitchen and sat at the kitchen table they always ate it. They had used the dining room maybe twice since they moved in. Emily had begun storing Kaitlyn’s toys in there. Tom didn’t object. He still had a tough time walking through and seeing all her dolls and playsets so he usually opted for the hallway route instead.
 It felt so good being out of jail. He could taste the freedom of being able to do whatever he wanted. Stringer reiterated that he should stay in the area, but he was heading to Pennsylvania tomorrow. He needed to find out more information and he needed to find out sooner rather than later. It had been almost two weeks now that they had been gone.  
Tom made himself a sandwich and switched on the small TV located on the wall near the kitchen table that Emily used when she was cooking. They both made a pact that they wouldn’t watch TV during dinner time unless it was something special like the Super Bowl or any of the Christmas specials that Kaitlyn enjoyed so much. He found a news channel and watched them talk sports and then the weather. He was shocked a moment later when they showed Emily and Kaitlyn’s picture and then his. The anchor said that their alleged abuser and possible murderer had been let loose from jail. The camera switched to a still shot of the jail where a reporter was standing in front of. Tom switched the TV off. 
He ran to the front of the house when he heard a loud noise and wasn’t surprised to see the same channel’s news van parked out front. He quickly closed all the blinds and headed upstairs to bed. He passed Kaitlyn’s room and felt his eyes well up with tears. He wiped his eyes and took the longest shower of his life. It took over an hour and a half of both hot and cold water to remove the stench of jail. 
He finally climbed into bed and shut the lights off, leaving the glow of cameras outside his window through the curtains. He didn’t care. He was free and home and in a comfortable bed. He closed his eyes and dreamt of Emily and Kaitlyn, till he heard a knock at the front door. His first thought was he was back in prison and they were taking him away, but once he woke up, he realized he was back in his home. He looked at the alarm clock and saw it was 3:00 AM. He knew the reporters still wouldn’t be out there watching him sleep. 
He quickly climbed out of bed and raced down the stairs to the front door hoping for a miracle. When he opened it up he couldn’t believe his eyes.
Standing in front of him was Jim, his father-in-law. He invited him in and they quickly sat down on the couch.
“What’s going on Jim?”  Tom stretched his legs out on front of him.
“I’m sorry to bother you, but I couldn’t sleep. I mean…I haven’t really slept since this whole thing started, but I have something important to tell you.”
“You and me both.”
“How was jail?”  Jim shook his head. “I’m sorry that’s probably not a good question.”
“It’s okay. It is what it is and it’s a long story we’ll save for another day. Please tell me what you wanted to tell me.”
“Okay.”  Jim slowly took off his light jacket and reached into the pocket of his rumpled chinos. Tom watched as he pulled out a piece of paper and stared into it. “You’re probably not going to want to see this, but I just thought you should know.”  He handed it slowly to Tom who unfolded it and read the official statement. He read it three times before he quickly handed it back to Jim and stood up.
“I don’t believe it. How did you get that?”
“It showed up on our doorstep the other day.”
Tom grabbed the paper back and read the statement again. He couldn’t believe Emily had filed for divorce. It was official and it was dated the same day as the abuse statement and pictures. “She wouldn’t do this. I know she wouldn’t without telling me first. Aren’t the papers supposed to be given to the husband?”
“That’s what I thought and that is why I wanted you to see it. To see if she mentioned anything about this.”
Tom shook his head. “I don’t believe this.”
“We are worried sick and Pam is convinced you have…ahh…done something to them.”
“As in murdered them, right?”  Tom wiped a tear from his eye.
“Yes.  I just want to get them back and I’m willing to work with you to do it.”  Jim placed his hand on Tom’s wrist. “I can’t get past the fact that you may have beat her, but I am willing to put all that aside to find my daughter and grandchild. We are so worried. It has been over ten days now. I hope you can understand.”  Tom nodded. 
“I’m planning on going to Pennsylvania tomorrow again to consider the guy I was telling you about the other day.”
“Roscoe, or something?”
“Yep. He is a real shady guy who she was apparently confiding with on Facebook, but it doesn’t make any sense. You should see this guy. I mean he works out of a shady warehouse and has thugs out front that secure it. They actually showed up at my hotel room that same night and threatened me with a gun.”
“What?  Have you told the police?”
Tom shook his head. “No, they won’t believe me. They want to lock me up. I don’t trust them anymore. I don’t trust anything or anyone.”  Tom decided to not tell Jim about the fake pregnancy books and the possibility that the whole thing is a big fake.
“We need to follow up with this guy. He may know something.”
“I tried, but like I told you they threatened me with a gun.”
“You’re going back, right?”
“Yep, first thing tomorrow, I’m heading back out there.”
“Let me come with you.”
Tom shook his head. “I can’t do that. If something happens to you. I could never live with myself.”
“Okay, I need to get back anyway or Pam is going to freak out. At least show me this Roscoe guy before I go.”  Tom walked over to the computer and logged in and pulled up Facebook. He couldn’t believe it. All the messages were gone and everything relating to Roscoe was gone. He was no longer in her friend’s list or in Facebook at all. Tom kept searching through Facebook and Google, but nothing came up. He couldn’t believe it.
“I know it’s here. I saw him.”  Tom began frantically typing again.
“It’s okay Tom. I need to get going. Please keep me updated with anything you find.”  Tom just stared ahead at the screen as he heard Jim open the front door and exit. He finally gave up and slammed the mouse against the desk and walked out of the room.
Paulson still couldn’t believe what had happened in jail. A lot of the other officers were gossiping about it down at the station this morning. Apparently, the guards that had moved Reynolds were not actually employed by the jail. They had somehow gotten in and moved Reynolds to some secret cell that almost killed him, at least that’s’ what everyone was saying. Paulson didn’t believe it for a minute, but that’s what the story was. He knew he would have to investigate it some more later. There was no way that could happen in the jail. It was run too tight. Something was funny about the whole thing. 
He pulled down Reynold’s road and saw the driveway empty. He had spoken with the slick lawyer yesterday and he said he told Reynolds to stay in town and not run away. Paulson had a bad feeling that Reynolds had skipped town. He parked the cruiser in the driveway and looked behind him at the neighbor’s houses and could see shadows in the windows. He wondered what they were thinking about the whole thing. He had spoken with most of them and every one of them said they were a great family and were always so active and friendly. No one had a bad word to say about any of them. They had never even seen an argument. 
He knocked on the front door like he had the first night he had received the call. As he figured, there was no answer. He walked around the house and peered in some of the windows, everything looked dark and unlived in. He headed back to the station.













Chapter 20 

Tom pulled the Cherokee onto the Pennsylvania Turnpike and made the long drive back to Pittsburgh. Traffic was light the whole way, and he made it in under four hours. As he neared the city, he turned on the GPS app and followed the directions to the same warehouse he visited before. He had given up on any hesitations or personal safety issues when he was released from jail and was determined to find his family now, no matter what. Even if he had caused them to leave or worse.
 He made the sharp turns through the narrow city streets and began to recognize the abandoned warehouse district he had visited before. He parked the Cherokee a little further away this time. He didn’t see the thugs hanging around the outside of the door and thought maybe Roscoe had moved on, until he jumped when he heard the loud knocking on his window. It was the same man who had come to the motel room in the middle of the night. Tom reluctantly rolled down his window and leaned back as soon as he felt the cold steel muzzle touch his cheek.
“Wasn’t our last little visit enough to keep you away?”  Tom felt the steel push further into his skin. Surprisingly, he felt no fear, just anger.
“Look…I need to find my wife and daughter and this is the only place I have.”
“I told you before they are not here, now move on.”  He pushed the barrel a little deeper causing more pain on Tom’s cheek, but he ignored it.
“Can I just talk to Roscoe for a minute, then I promise I will leave.”
“Roscoe is not here.”
“Look it will only take a minute. I just need to know they are okay.”
“What part don’t you understand?”  The man pulled the gun back and slammed it into Tom’s face causing a flow of blood to rush down his shirt. Tom covered his face with both hands and tried to stop the open wound, but it wasn’t working. “Next one will be from the gun if you don’t leave right now.”  
Tom shifted the lever into drive and pulled away from the curb as quickly as he could. He stopped a mile or so down the road and ripped off his jacket and pressed as hard as he could on the cut on his cheek. It was a two-inch open wound that would need stitches. 
He waited about thirty minutes until it finally stopped bleeding and drove around till he found a small health clinic that didn’t require an appointment. There was an on-duty nurse practitioner who cleaned it and stitched it up. He wasn’t taking any more chances with infections. She had a lot of questions, but he deflected them as best he could. She finally gave up asking anything else. 
An hour later, he was back in the Cherokee staring at his bandaged face in the mirror. He looked scary. He adjusted the mirror so he couldn’t see himself and made his way towards the warehouse again. He quickly drove by and stepped on the accelerator when he saw the same man step out from an alcove and wave the gun at him. He kept going and didn’t look back. 
A few hours later, he pulled up in front of Roscoe’s house where he had met his nice wife a week or so ago. He couldn’t believe the cars around. There were at least five cars in the driveway and another twenty or so along the road. He figured they must be having a party. He waited till another car pulled up and walked behind a middle-aged couple dressed like they were going to church. Tom was wearing jeans and a bloodied shirt with a large bandage on his face. He made it all the way to the front door and stopped short when he saw Roscoe’s wife dressed in all black with puffy eyes and tears running down her face. He watched as the couple in front of him hugged her deeply. After the embrace, she glanced towards Tom and waved him over to her. Tom slowly made his way over.
“You are one of Roscoe’s workers, right?  I remember you, you stopped by the house.”  Tom nodded. “Thanks for stopping by.”  She wiped a few tears from her eyes. Tom nodded again staying back. “Are you okay?”  She looked at his face and shirt.
“I’m fine. I just got in an accident on my way over here, but I still wanted to come. I apologize for my appearance.”
“No problem. Roscoe would be happy you came.”  She began to sob again until another woman dressed in black embraced her and waved at Tom to follow them into the house. Tom stepped into the foyer and the first thing he noticed was a large photograph of Roscoe on a stand in the middle of the foyer. It was the same one he had seen on Facebook. The one that reminded him of Al Pacino. He stepped into the large foyer. He couldn’t take his eyes off the picture. He couldn’t believe it, Roscoe was dead. To his right was a living room and it was full of people eating and drinking and looking sad. To his left, was another room with people seated at a large ornate dining room eating food from large casserole dishes. Tom felt sick to his stomach. He couldn’t believe it. How did this happen?  A minute later, he felt a tap on his shoulder and turned around and Roscoe’s widow was waving him towards the stairs.
“Please come with me and you can put on some of Roscoe’s clothes. You guys are about the same size. I know he would want you to wear them.”
“No, no…I’m fine. I really need to get going.”
“Please stay. You are the only guy here he worked with. It really means something to me.”  She began to sob harder so Tom reluctantly followed her up the stairs. It reminded him of his house with the family pictures lining the walls. She turned into a large and spacious master bedroom and pointed at a closet full of men’s clothes and told him to pick out whatever he wanted to wear. 
Tom stared into the closet of the man who had possibly stolen the heart of his wife and may have known where she is. He debated for a moment to tell his wife everything, but decided it wasn’t the right time. There was no way he could go in there. He didn’t move till he felt his shoulder being slightly nudged by the widow, so he entered the closet and then looked back and she was gone. He stared at all the clothes. Most of them were brand names ranging from jeans to expensive suits. He reached for a pair of chinos and a light blue button-down shirt. He quickly dressed and was amazed at how well the clothes fit. He stared at himself in a full-length mirror until he was satisfied.
 He exited the closet and entered the bathroom and washed up his face removing some of the dried blood. A few minutes later, the only thing left was the large bandage covering the side of his face. 
He stepped out of the bathroom and looked around the spacious bedroom and immediately wondered if Emily had ever been here. There was an immaculate king-sized bed with a soft beige comforter and two oak dressers covered with photos of Roscoe and his family. Tom stared into his eyes and remembered confronting him and the thought of his wife going for him. He felt sick and now he was dead. He quietly left the bedroom and could hear all the soft voices down below mourning Roscoe. He quickly walked down the hallway and peeked in at three bedrooms and a bathroom. He was sure Emily and Kaitlyn weren’t there but he had to check. 
He headed back for the stairs and was approached by Roscoe’s wife. She thanked him for staying and led him into the dining room to the mountains of food. Tom grabbed a plate and she quickly headed back into the foyer. He grabbed a few items and a large bottle of water and settled into an empty spot at the dining room table next to an older man and woman who were deep in conversation about Roscoe’s athletic prowess in high school. Tom quickly tuned out. He needed to find out what had happened to Roscoe. He remained at the table for about an hour nibbling on food and trying to find out what he could, but everyone just ignored him and he didn’t dare ask any questions. 
He was about to get up and sneak out the front door when he saw two men enter the foyer both with the kind of expressions that only police officers had. One was very tall with thick shoulders and dark hair. The other was smaller, slimmer and much younger. He watched as they spoke to Roscoe’s widow quietly and then left. She immediately went upstairs and Tom headed for the front door and was back in the Cherokee waiting on the two Pennsylvania State trooper cars to leave. He remained in place for at least ten minutes till they finally left. 
Tom pulled out and made it back to his street in three hours. When he was close enough to see his house, he couldn’t believe it. Paulson’s car was in his driveway along with a Pennsylvania State Trooper cruiser with one of the same officers he had seen at Roscoe’s house.























Chapter 21 

“Hello again Mr. Reynolds.”  Tom stopped in the middle of the driveway as Paulson and the same tall state trooper he saw at Roscoe’s widow’s house stepped in front of him.
“Detective. How are you?”  Tom curiously answered back staring up at the giant trooper who appeared to be snarling at him.
“I see you have been out of town again.”  Tom nodded.
“What can I do for you guys?”  Tom looked at the house. He needed to go check all the rooms. It was something he had to do.
“Why don’t we step inside Mr. Reynolds.”
“Sure. Follow me.”  Tom led them up the sidewalk and through the front door and into the foyer. He pointed at the living room and the same couch where Paulson had first shown him the picture of the badly bruised Emily. “Make yourself comfortable. I will be right back.”  Tom quickly ran upstairs and checked all the rooms and closets and under the beds. He jumped when he stepped out of Kaitlyn’s room and almost ran into Paulson who was standing right outside the door.
“Everything okay Mr. Reynolds?”
“Fine. I’m just checking my house, something I always do.”
Paulson nodded and smiled. “You’re probably wondering why the Pennsylvania State Police are here.”
“Not really, but I’m sure you’ll probably tell me anyway.”  Paulson frowned as he followed Tom into the guest room where he checked every square inch till he was satisfied no one was in there. Paulson shook his head and didn’t say a word. Tom quickly walked back down to the living room and sat down opposite the trooper and Paulson. Tom watched them look at each other and then the trooper pulled out a large full-page photograph of Roscoe. It was the same one from Facebook again.
“Do you recognize this guy Mr. Reynolds?  By the way, my name is Sergeant Colton Riley and I’m with the Pennsylvania State Police.”  He had a raspy voice and an attitude Tom immediately disliked. He wasn’t sure how to answer the question. He knew they had to know he knew Roscoe or they wouldn’t be here, so he nodded his head up and down. “How do you know him?”
“Through my wife…I guess.”
The officer looked down. “This man was found murdered a few days ago. His body was found at this location.”  He held up a picture resembling the same motel he had stayed at. It was even the same room number he had stayed in. Is it true you went there asking if he was seeing your wife?”
Tom couldn’t believe it. How did they know?  He continued to stare at the picture. “Yes, I did ask him.”
“You confronted him here, correct?”  He held up a picture of the warehouse Tom had met him at. He nodded again. “We also have witnesses claiming you went to his house, and even the service at his house just a few hours ago. Guess you wanted to make sure you did the job, huh?”
“I never laid a hand on him.”
“Then how can you explain your DNA on him.  It doesn’t just walk by itself. We even have the receipt from the room you stayed in. Funny how it’s the same room and same date we found the body in isn’t it Mr. Reynolds?”  Tom couldn’t believe it, there was no way he had killed Roscoe. He hadn’t even come to his room that night. It was two of his thugs. He tried to recall the night, but it had been so dark and everything had been so crazy. He started questioning everything. He didn’t know what he had or hadn’t done anymore. The next thing he knew he was lying in the middle of the living room floor with the two officers and three paramedics working on him.
“You’re going to be fine Mr. Reynolds but the next time you see me, I’ll have an arrest warrant. Have a good day.”  Tom watched as Paulson and the trooper left. He felt his whole body shaking out of control again until he received an injection that immediately made him feel like he was walking through a cloud.
Paulson pulled into the station and nodded at two uniformed officers as they walked by him heading out to their shift. He quickly walked into the station and headed directly to his desk. He placed the folder down on his desk that the Pennsylvania officer had given him. It was just what he needed despite being out of state and jurisdiction. He knew it would be enough to get a judge to order another search warrant and keep Reynolds in town and possibly back in jail. It felt like a good day.





Chapter 22

The paramedics agreed to leave him home and instructed him to get some rest and hydrate. He collapsed on the couch for several hours and felt a little better when he opened his eyes, but his legs weren’t ready for moving yet. 
He tried to contemplate what had happened and started to wonder if he was having blackouts. He couldn’t believe what the trooper had said about Roscoe. He wondered why the thugs were still at the warehouse if Roscoe had been killed. He knew there was no way he was going back. 
He looked down at his phone and saw there were several new voicemails. He clicked through the first few and they were from media sources trying to get him to comment. He quickly deleted them. The last one was from Jim who said he had some new news. Tom began to dial, but then threw the phone back down. He didn’t want to take the chance of Jim not answering. 
He remained in place and flipped on the TV with the remote and was happy the news anchors were talking about the great weather that was coming ahead. He barely paid attention and just enjoyed the background noise until he heard his name mentioned that he was the primary suspect in a murder in Western Pennsylvania of a family man named Roscoe Winston. Tom punched the TV off. There was no way he was going to listen. The trooper had said Roscoe had been stabbed multiple times and so severely, that they had to assume it was a personal motive. 
He finally found his legs and went to the computer. He logged in right away and pulled up Emily’s Facebook. He read through the usual updates of babies, dogs and engagements. He searched through all of Emily’s friends for Roscoe and all of Facebook, there was still nothing. There had to be something. He went to Google and pulled some information about Roscoe’s obituary and service. He read that he was survived by a wife and two children. He had spent four years in the Army and the last twenty working as a contractor. Tom wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but this wasn’t it. 
He jumped when he heard a knock on the door and quickly opened it up to Jim standing on the doorstep.
“Hey, I tried to call, but there was no answer and I wanted to pass an idea by you. I thought maybe you had left again.”  He looked behind him. “You know there are tons of media people down the street staking you out.”  Tom ignored him. “I heard on the news earlier that you are the prime suspect in the murder of that Roscoe guy you were talking about. What is going on Tom?  I think you should level with me. I really want to find my daughter and granddaughter. I think it’s time you own up and admit if you did anything.”  Tom just looked at him as he sat down on one of the couches.
“I didn’t do anything Jim. You have to believe me.”
Jim shook his head. “I wish I could, but with all the press and information it’s getting kind of hard to believe anything anymore.”
“Look, the thing is I don’t know anything anymore.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean the police were just here and they tell me I killed Roscoe, but I know I didn’t. He never even came to my motel room…at least that’s what thought I remembered. I don’t know any more about anything.”
“I know, you’ve been working really hard lately. Emily recently told us you have been under stress with work lately, maybe things are just out of control.”
“I have been training a new staff to assist my clients with international markets.”  Tom couldn’t believe it. Work felt so far away. It felt like he hadn’t worked in years. It had been such a big part of his life and now it meant absolutely nothing.
“We all get stressed out and maybe that is what is going on here.”
Tom shook his head. “I don’t think so. I’ve worked hard before and I always remember everything.”
“I think you should go get checked out and maybe see a psychiatrist to see if they can make you remember things better.”  Jim looked down. “It could mean the difference in finding Emily and Kaitlyn.”
Tom nodded in agreement, even though he knew there was no way he could ever face a psychiatrist who would tell him he murdered Roscoe and either harmed or did worse to Emily and Kaitlyn. He felt tears began to run down his face, but he didn’t even bother to wipe them. He didn’t care anymore.
“Look Tom. Despite all the information that you may have killed my daughter and grand-daughter, I feel there’s a slight chance they are still out there. No matter how small that chance may be, I don’t want to look back and wish I hadn’t done everything I could possibly do to find them. My idea is to set up a reward?”  Tom quickly looked up and stared at Jim despite the blurry image from the tears.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean an actual reward. We have the money and I…or we could go public with it.”  Tom closed his eyes. “Despite what I believe and what you remember or don’t remember, someone knows something out there and you know how money gets answers. I’ve already talked to the police, and even though they can’t officially support it they think it’s a good idea. What do you think?”
“Let’s do it. I’ll put in half of the money.”
“We’ll worry about that later. Let’s just get this going. I wish we had done this last week. We are wasting time.  I’m going to get ahold of a news outlet and let them know.”  He pointed out the window. “Hell, all I have to do is go out there. There’s at least ten trucks out there now.”  Tom looked out the window and shook his head.
Jim stood up. “I’ll be in touch when it’s time to go on the air, so stay close by.”  Tom nodded and watched Jim head out the door. There were no waves or friendly goodbyes. Just two men concerned about two missing people they both loved.
Tom spent the rest of the day reading about Roscoe and trying to find any connection between him and Emily, but there was nothing. He jumped when he got a call from Jim several hours later that they were going live tomorrow morning at Tom’s house. Tom agreed and woke up again several hours later when he heard a knock on the door again. Outside, were three large men with their hands full of video equipment instructing him they needed to set up his house for a live broadcast. 











Chapter 23 

Tom sat nervously on the stairs as the crew meticulously setup his living room to look like a television studio. 
A few minutes later, a small woman with sharp features and long blond hair swept up on her forehead entered and approached Tom. She placed her arm on his back and introduced herself as Meghan Reese.  Her job was to get him ready and prepped for the broadcast.
 She immediately took him upstairs and began going through his closet looking for the right clothes. Tom just stood near the bed keeping an eye on Emily’s closet and thinking about the box filled with the books. He tried to change his mind onto something else but he just couldn’t. He couldn’t get the fake pregnancy thing out of his head. 
Finally, Meghan came out with a white button down and a blue blazer that Tom hadn’t worn in over ten years. He quietly changed and came back downstairs a few minutes later. The studio was complete and the three men were speaking with Meghan and Jim who had arrived. Tom walked over to the group and shook Jim’s hand who reluctantly shook it back. They followed Meghan to the kitchen and discussed what was going to happen. Meghan explained that Amber, the news anchor would talk first and then introduce them and then they would each get a turn to speak. They decided Tom would talk about the reward and Jim would offer his support and together they would do anything to get Emily and Kaitlyn back. 
After two large glasses of water, Meghan said it was time. Tom followed them to the living room where two director’s chairs were placed in the middle. He climbed into one and Jim in the other. He could feel the heat of the heavy lights baking his forehead. His nerves were tingling when 
Amber came around the corner. She was dressed in a bright green pants suit and had dark curly hair falling on her face. She looked even prettier in person than Tom remembered on TV. She sat down opposite them and smiled and then Meghan began counting down from ten. 
A few seconds later, they were live on the air. Tom listened as Amber explained that Emily and Kaitlyn had been missing for some time now and that there were many different theories as to their disappearance. She mentioned the restraining order and police report that she had been abused by Tom. Tom felt the cameras glare as she spoke, but he stared on and kept his face free of any emotion like Meghan had explained. 
A few minutes later, Amber turned to him and asked him what he wanted to say. Tom took a deep breath and stared into the red light and began to plead for Emily and Kaitlyn to return. He felt his emotions pour out of him like a dam break, but he didn’t care and didn’t stop. He just let it flow. He could see Amber indicating with her hand that it was okay to keep going. He knew it was probably good for ratings, but he didn’t care. She turned to Jim who explained that they had both put up a reward for any information leading to finding of Emily and Kaitlyn. Tom nodded in agreement with everything that Jim said. 
A few minutes later, Meghan held up a sign for Amber to sign off and Tom listened as Amber summarized everything ending with the reward and a phone number. Tom sat back and stared into the cameras until they were turned off. 
As soon as they were, he leapt off the chair and ran upstairs and onto his bed and cried like he had never cried before. It was the first time he had let it all out since the whole thing happened. He wasn’t sure how long he remained like that, but he saw Jim and Meghan enter the room and make sure he was okay. They both told him he did a good job and Meghan wished them both the best of luck. Tom watched them both leave and he felt himself drift off. 
When he awoke sometime later, it was night time. He went downstairs and everything and everybody was gone. It was like they had never been there. He looked out the window and saw all the reporters gathered on the street. He quickly closed the blinds and logged into the computer again. As soon as the screen popped up, he heard his iPhone begin to chirp. He had ten new messages. The first four were all from a panicked sounding Jim. He ran towards the couch and clicked on the TV like Jim had said to one of the local stations. They were showing a burning car along an abandoned road with emergency vehicles surrounding it. The shot was taken from high above, most likely a helicopter. On the bottom of the screen, a scroll was running informing the viewers that two sets of very charred remains were found just a few hours ago and that the police were not able to identify them. The scroll continued saying one was most likely a female adult and the other a female child. Police were saying it could possibly be his wife and daughter. Tom threw the remote across the room and watched it smash into pieces as it hit the far wall. He couldn’t believe it. There was no way they could be gone. He began to cry and sob loudly. Tears ran down his face and onto his clothes, but he remained in place on the couch staring at the screen until the doorbell rang. 
He didn’t move at first, but after the knocking became louder and wouldn’t stop, he finally got up and answered it. He opened the door and Jim stood in front of him. His eyes deeply bloodshot and his face sagging in grief.
“C’mon Tom lets go take a ride to where the car is.”  Tom nodded and hopped into Jim’s large Ram pickup truck. He could hear the reporters running and shouting as well as Jim, but he couldn’t understand anything anyone was saying. It was just a long mumble. 
About twenty minutes later, they pulled onto the road behind a large mass of emergency vehicles with their lights ablaze. Tom followed Jim as they made their way through the police cars and spectators until they made it to the pool of reporters who instantly recognized Tom and began questioning him. Tom ignored the questions and covered his ears. His head was throbbing with pain. He felt a tug on his shoulder and Paulson pulled him and Jim under the yellow tape and near the car. It looked like a sedan, but it was difficult to tell from the fire damage and the dark billowing smoke. Tom could smell a terrible burning flesh smell that was even worse considering it could be Emily and Kaitlyn. He kept staring into the vehicle and watched as a flatbed truck backed in behind it waiting to get the go ahead from the fire department.
“Mr. Reynolds thanks for coming down. I was going to come by after and see you as soon as we finished here. We obviously have a couple things we need to discuss.”
“Is this Emily and Kaitlyn?”  Tom felt the tears began to flow again and he didn’t even bother to wipe his eyes.”
Paulson stared at both Tom and Jim for about ten seconds before answering. “The remains are too bad to tell. We are hoping we can get some DNA.”  Tom looked down. “The bodies have already been removed and we are going to process the car as soon as we get it out of here. I promise I will let you know as soon as we know something. Tom and Jim slowly began to walk away back towards the car when Paulson yelled out Tom’s name. “By the way Mr. Reynold’s, the Pennsylvania State Police want to talk to you again about why you were wearing Roscoe’s clothes the day of his service.”  Tom gasped. Jim looked at Tom and began to walk faster. Tom felt his insides swirling as he climbed into the truck next to Jim. Not a word was spoken by either one of them till Jim dropped him off back at his house. Tom said goodbye, but Jim looked the other way. 
Tom walked back in the house and checked all the rooms one by one but they were all empty just like he was.











Chapter 24

The knock on the door the next morning made Tom jump despite the sleep meds he was taking. He quickly ran down and answered it. Detective Paulson stormed into the living room and asked Tom to sit down opposite him. Tom felt his stomach drop from the look on the detective’s face. He watched him place a large padded envelope onto the coffee table. Tom stared at it.
“Is it them?”  Tom asked not wanting to hear the answer.
“Let me show you something first.”  Tom watched as he opened the envelope and took out an evidence bag just like the kind he saw on TV. Inside it was a necklace. Tom looked away as fast as he could and felt the tears begin to run down his face again. “I take it that you recognize this?”  Tom nodded. 
It was the necklace he had given Emily on their tenth wedding anniversary. It was a thin gold herringbone chain with a diamond pendent. He had been so nervous the day he had given it to her. He had never bought jewelry before for Emily. Their engagement ring had been a family heirloom. She had loved it so much that she had never even taken it off. 
Tom picked up the plastic bag and ran the necklace between his fingers. It was hers. He even read her initials on the pendent below the diamond. He stared at the necklace. It had been burned and charred but the gold still was shining as well as the diamond.
“This was recovered on the adult female victim. It was Emily’s, right?”  Tom nodded. We still have no positive DNA and the coroner said we may not have any. This may be all we have. You’re sure it is hers?”  Tom nodded yes. 
They both looked towards the door when the same Pennsylvania Trooper who had been here before entered the room without knocking and sat down across from them. Tom quickly looked away and fingered the necklace again remembering the moment he had placed it on Emily’s neck. Kaitlyn had loved it so much that they both decided they would get her a matching one when she finished sixth grade. Now there would be no necklace and no graduation. Emily would never grow up. It was over. He began to cry again.
“Mr. Reynolds, there is something else.”  Tom looked up from the necklace at Paulson.  The trooper nodded at Paulson and calmly folded his arms in front of him. Tom watched as Paulson reached back in the envelope and pulled out several sheets of paper. He clutched the necklace tighter in his hands. “Is that your signature?”  Tom looked down at where Paulson was pointing and it looked like a long contract full of legal words. He couldn’t read the writing because he couldn’t focus his eyes and the writing was too small.
“It looks like it.”  Tom held up his hand. “So, what is it?”  He felt his anger building up. He kept squeezing the necklace.
“Well it goes with this.”  He pointed at a long number printed on the same sheet. Tom could see the Trooper leaning forward.
“I still don’t understand.”  Tom said.
“I think you do.”  Paulson looked over at the trooper. “This is a rental agreement for a Ford Focus and this is the VIN number, and your signature…and guess what the VIN number matches the one that we recovered this necklace from.”
“What?  You’re trying to tell me I rented the same car that you just found Emily and Kaitlyn in?”  Tom threw the necklace onto the table causing both Paulson and the trooper to jump back. “Get out of here. I didn’t rent any car?”
“That’s your signature, right?”  Tom didn’t answer, but he recognized his own signature. “And we have a witness who picked you out of a photo lineup as the one who rented the vehicle.”
“I don’t believe this. You are out of your mind.”  Tom stood up and picked up the necklace.
“Hold on please Mr. Reynolds, the trooper has some more questions for you.”  Paulson looked back at the trooper who nodded.
“Fine. I need a drink of water first. I’m not feeling well.”  Tom quickly left the room leaving Paulson and the trooper looking at the paperwork. He was clutching the necklace in his hand and headed towards the kitchen. He took out a glass and took a long sip of cold water. He could hear Paulson and the trooper talking in the other room. He took another sip and placed the glass in the sink and then did something he couldn’t believe he could ever do. He ran as quickly and quietly as he could out the kitchen door into the back yard.







Chapter 25

He leapt through the backyard and into the neighbor’s one without looking back. He knew he didn’t have much time. Luckily, no one had fences on their street. It felt good to run and just leave everything behind. He knew he only had at most about two minutes until Paulson became suspicious and would go in the kitchen and check on him. He couldn’t believe he was running, but he had no choice. 
He knew what was coming next. The trooper would ask him about Roscoe and how he wore his clothes. Then Paulson would pull out the cuffs and he would be back in the jail and who knew what would happen after that. There was no way he was going back there. 
He picked up the pace as he cut through the last yard before he stepped into dense woods at the end of the street. He had never been in these woods before so he didn’t know what to expect, but he had to travel slower with all the bushes and trees. He looked back fully expecting to see Paulson and the trooper right behind him but everything was still quiet. He decided to slow down and walk to save energy. He was pretty sure he was safe for now. He kept walking. 
He felt so alone in the woods like he did when he was a kid. One of his favorite things to do was to go for hikes in the thick woods behind his house. It was always just him and the woods and no one else. You never knew what you would find. Sometimes, he would see foxes and snakes. One time he thought he even saw a bear, but his parents told him there were no bears in the area. There were rumors of caves deep in the woods habited by mountain men, but he had never found them either. 
He was watching a blue bird spread its wings and fly off a small bush and escape to a higher tree when he heard the first siren. He couldn’t tell from which direction it was coming from, but it was soon joined by many more. Paulson had sounded the alert and the search was on. He started to run again dodging bush after bush and jumping over rocks and fallen trees. He felt like a deer scattering from an abrupt sound. The sirens were becoming deafening and they seemed to be closing in on him from all sides. It felt suffocating. He ran faster in the same direction hoping he would just disappear. He was still holding Emily’s necklace in the bag and squeezing it with all his might as if it would make everything okay. 
He still hadn’t even processed the fact that they had both may have been killed in the burning car that he had somehow rented and paid for. He didn’t remember renting a car, but then again like everything else, maybe he had. Nothing was making sense. It felt like the whole world was just spiraling out of control and he was going with it. He didn’t think he could have possibly burned Emily and Kaitlyn, but Paulson had shown him the signature and he was holding the necklace of his wife in his hands from the very car that he had rented. It was just like the pictures of her abused face and her words saying it was him, and the divorce papers. It was all getting too much. Maybe Jim was right, he should see a psychiatrist and find out if he had really done this to his family. Maybe he had he should just turn himself in and take the punishment, but instead his legs kept running. 
He stopped for a second when he heard the rotors above. There was a helicopter somewhere above him. It was only a matter of time before they would pick him up on one of those thermal cameras. 
He remembered clearly the day the police department unveiled their new helicopter on the local news because George Mercer had made sure every employee watched it. He was the one who had provided the funds for the helicopter. It was built with all the latest equipment and could perform at excessive speeds with all the functions for crime fighting and ambulatory services. Tom tried to sense where the helicopter was. It sounded like it was behind him. He knew there would be dogs as well. Things were not looking good. 
He could almost feel himself back in the same cell and the two crew cuts coming after him. 
He continued running and looking up. The helicopter sounded like it was right above him, but he couldn’t see it yet. He looked ahead and gasped when he saw the woods ending and another neighborhood ahead. He burst out of the woods and into a backyard that he wasn’t familiar with. He had no idea where he was. He just knew he had to keep moving. He had been running for at least thirty minutes now. 
He kept running through yard after yard until he suddenly stopped, seeing the same police station he had been brought to the first day of Emily and Kaitlyn’s disappearance up ahead. There it was sitting right in front of him. He knew exactly where he was. Manny’s was right around the corner.
 Tom froze when he saw two police cars creeping along the busy road in front of Manny’s. He had to keep moving, but where to he had no idea. Behind him he could hear the helicopter conducting a search near the edge of the woods he had just exited and he thought he heard the barking dogs now, but he wasn’t sure if his mind was playing tricks on him from all the adrenaline surging through his system. All around him sirens were coming and going. 
He waited behind a bush until the two police cars drove past and then he sprinted towards the back of Manny’s plaza near the Starbucks. He wasn’t sure what he was going to do, but when he saw the dumpster he jumped behind it and caught his breath. He listened as the helicopter roared over him and the sirens burned the air all around him. He knew he couldn’t stay here much longer and he began to step out from behind the dumpster when he saw three officers on foot about twenty feet away from him. He dove back behind the dumpster and landed on a broken pallet that instantly caused his shoulder excruciating pain, but he kept his mouth shut and grimaced without making a sound. He held his breath as the officers turned around and passed by him again. Luckily, they didn’t look behind the dumpster or he would have been in cuffs. Tom took a deep breath and exhaled quietly as he watched them step into the woods and disappear.
 He slowly stepped out and that was when he was certain he heard a bark and it was coming from the woods and it was close by. They were onto his scent. He had to do something and he had to do it quickly.  He climbed up the side of the dumpster and dove in head first. It had had rained last night so everything was gooey and wet. Tom rolled around in it until he was soaked from head to toe. He quickly vomited into the can several times and then jumped out and ran towards the police station. 
He made it to the far side near the tree line and jumped into the woods. As soon as he stepped in, he could see the rotors above him and a platoon of officers erupt out of the woods and head directly towards the garbage can. They were no more than fifty yards away. He saw a large dark-colored dog barking at the dumpster and several of the officers aim their weapons at it. He began to run as silently as he could into the woods he was in and kept running until everything was silent again. 
He was out of breath. He looked up for the first time in several hours and was happy to see the darkness rolling in. The garbage smell had worked and thrown the dogs off. He imagined the officers being surprised not to find him in the dumpster. He waited several more hours behind a large rock and then slowly made his way back through the woods towards the plaza.
 By the time he arrived at the edge of the woods, it was almost midnight and it looked like many of the officers had called it a day. He didn’t see anyone or anything so he darted across the grass field separating the wood line from the plaza and scooted behind the dumpster again for a minute. Everything still appeared quiet. He crept behind until he came to a dark-paneled wooden door that he banged on softly. A minute later, he heard a familiar voice.
“Who is there?”   
“It’s me, Tom.”  Tom stood still as the door slowly opened and Manny stood in front of him. He was sweating and dirty from cleaning the restaurant up after the day’s business.
“Come in…come in. They are looking everywhere for you…on TV…at my door. Everywhere. Police all over the place. What have you done?”
Tom walked inside and felt relieved when Manny closed the door behind him. “I didn’t do anything Manny. They think I killed Emily and Kaitlyn.”  Tom felt the tears run down his face. “They found them in a car.”  Tom handed Manny the necklace.
“Manny saw in TV. This is Ms. Reynold’s necklace. She always wears it.”
Tom nodded. “Yes, it is. You have to believe me Manny. I didn’t do anything to them. They are my life.”
“Manny knows. I know you a long time, but TV says it was you. You even rented car first.”
“I know what they say. That’s why I ran. They want to put me back in jail for something I didn’t do.”
“Stay here. Manny be back in a minute.”  Tom remained in place unsure if Manny was going to call the police or come back with a gun. He looked at the door behind him and thought about running out, but he could hear footsteps and sirens again. He remained frozen in place not knowing if this was the end or not. A minute later, he heard footsteps coming down the hall. Tom closed his eyes, then he saw his friend coming around the corner. He couldn’t bear to watch. “Ok Mr. Reynolds you stay here. Manny has a cot in the back office. No one will bother you. There is plenty to eat and drink. You stay as long as you need.”  Tom wiped fresh tears from his face and reached to hug Manny, but he pushed him away. “Shower back there too. 
Manny spent many nights here too tired to go home when first opened. Just be quiet in morning and don’t leave office and no one will see. No one but me allowed back there.”  
Tom followed Manny back through a small hallway to an old office he had never seen before. In the back corner was a small cot and a fully-equipped bathroom. Tom thanked him over and over till he finally left. When he was finally alone, he realized for the first time how much he was trembling. He took a shower and headed for the cot never letting go of the necklace.
           Paulson was still fuming. He yelled at the trooper, but he knew he was to blame. He knew you never let a suspect go into the other room by themselves when you were accusing them of a major crime. He had called in all the troops to locate Reynolds and they had turned up nothing. 
He had the helicopter roaming everywhere and cars driving up and down every street and neighborhood, but there was no sign of Reynolds. 
He had checked and Reynolds had no military training and wasn’t even an athlete in high school. He had no idea how he was evading so many armed men. He figured he must have help, but he didn’t know who. 
The Pennsylvania trooper had gone back home, but said he would be coming back to take Paulson to Pennsylvania once they found him. Paulson was determined to have the murders stick in Virginia and have him tried here and not there. 
He had pulled his cruiser over in the parking lot near Mercer Financial and was listening to the chatter on the radio. It had become less and less and a lot of the officers had gone off shift or gone back to what they were doing before, but he wasn’t giving up. The dogs were still out there and had apparently picked up a scent, but lost it in the woods. He knew they would all give up soon and it would just be him, but he wasn’t going to stop till he found him. He was still fuming about letting him get away. He slammed his fist onto the dashboard then quickly pulled out of the parking lot leaving a trail of dust floating behind him like a foggy morning.























Chapter 26 

Tom awoke to the sounds of voices nearby. He quickly sat up and looked around Manny’s old office. There was an old wooden chipped desk covered with paperwork and newspapers across from him that looked as though they had been there for some time. There was also a picture of Manny with his wife probably taken some thirty years ago. Manny looked so happy and proud standing next to the beautiful woman. He didn’t have those sad eyes that Tom was so accustomed to seeing. 
He looked down at the necklace and knew his life was never going to be the same now that Emily and Kaitlyn were gone. He still couldn’t believe it, but he had seen the car rental paperwork. He jumped when Manny opened the old office door and stepped inside the tiny office. He smiled seeing Tom. He was holding a small white bag and a large cup with a straw. 
“Here you go Mr. Reynolds. Manny got you a bagel and an orange juice.”
Tom placed his feet on the floor. “You don’t have to do anything Manny, you have already done more than enough.”
“No problem. Manny stops at City Bagel every morning on the way to work.”
“I don’t know how to ever thank you Manny…”
“Just get that pretty wife and daughter back and Manny will be happy forever.”  Tom watched a big smile form on Manny’s face causing him to feel instantly better. He quickly downed the bagel and orange juice.
“What can I do to help?”
“Nothing. You need to stay hidden. There are police everywhere still. State Police too. I never seen that many before. Manny’s will be busy today full of police, but Manny won’t tell them. You just stay in office.”  Tom nodded as he watched Manny hustle out the door to get the food ready. 
He could hear the footsteps and voices of the cooks and wait staff as well. He knew most of them by name too. Many of them had worked for Manny for years. Tom knew he couldn’t stay here long, but if he tried to leave now he was going back to that cell so he remained in place. He tried not to think about jail again as he listened to the sounds of the restaurant waking up. It was a pleasant sound of dishes and glasses clanging together and busy feet and hands scurrying about. 
He remained motionless as the door opened again and Manny rolled in an old TV on a cart into the room and hooked it up. Tom quickly thanked him and switched it to the local news station. He was the lead story. They were broadcasting his picture from Mercer Financial that George used to market each employee. 
Tom looked at his photo with his gray suit and dark red tie. He looked so confident and happy. A man with a mission, but now everything was over. He lost his career, and more importantly his family and his life. 
He quickly switched the channel only to see himself on all the other channels. He finally found a channel showing old movies, he settled on a movie starring John Cusack. He stared at the screen and didn’t move a muscle. He was too scared someone would hear him. He trusted Manny wholeheartedly and wasn’t sure why he was helping him, but he tried not to think too hard about it and concentrate on the movie which was almost impossible. 
He jumped when he heard sirens and the roar of a helicopter overhead. He quickly switched back to the news channel and saw the Chief of Police interviewing George Mercer. George was saying that he was a great employee and had been with the firm for twenty years. He went on to say he had been working hard lately trying to establish his client’s wealth as the market had recently taken a turn downward and that may have been the reason that he snapped. Tom gasped at what George said and quickly changed the channel again. 
The sirens above were becoming overwhelming causing the whole building to shake. He wondered if Manny had given in to all the police officer’s inquiries. Someone had probably told them by now that he and Manny were close. There were no windows in the tiny office so Tom could only use his imagination as to what was going on outside. He pictured officers driving and running all over town searching for him. He walked to the closed door and placed his ear and listened as closely as he could to the noise. He heard lots of voices and what sounded like police radios, maybe they were waiting for the word to come and get him. He couldn’t hear Manny, but he wanted to yell out for him. He waited behind the door and jumped when he heard his name from behind him coming from the TV. 
They were breaking into the movie and were saying the Chief had just issued an arrest warrant for murdering his wife and daughter. He watched as the Chief and Detective Paulson stepped up to a crowded podium and began speaking about how he had beaten and burned his family. Tom felt tears well up in his eyes and quickly ran over and shut the TV off. He even pulled the plug. He walked back to the door and listened as the voices and radios got louder and louder. 
Outside, he could hear the sirens still wailing as well as the rotors above him. They were closing in and he was trapped. He knew it. He thought about just walking out and giving up. He didn’t know if they would shoot him on sight or not. He remained in place shaking and holding the door knob as tightly as he could. 
He jumped back when the door quickly opened and closed his eyes. He waited for the police to pounce on him, but instead he felt the tender touch of Manny’s hand on his shoulder. He watched as Manny quickly shut the door. Manny was shaking and visibly nervous. Tom had never seen him look this way before. There was a bead of sweat on his forehead. Tom stepped back and Manny leaned in.
“Mr. Reynolds…there are police all over Manny’s and everywhere outside. I think they know you are close. They keep asking Manny if I know where you are. I say no Mr. Reynolds, but I think they don’t believe Manny.”  Tom watched him wipe the sweat off his forehead. “You need better place than this to hide. They come back here soon.”  Tom nodded. “I try and keep them from coming back here, but not much longer.”  Tom looked at the door then quickly hugged Manny and started walking towards the door and hallway. “Wait…take Manny’s car.”
“I can’t Manny. You have already done too much.”
“Manny insists.”  Tom watched as he reached in his pocket and threw him a small key ring with one key on it. “Manny has small red Toyota in back.”
“How will you get home?”
“Manny will Guber like the young people.”
Tom laughed. “I think you mean Uber.”  Manny laughed and quickly walked away. Tom tried to thank him again, but he quickly disappeared back down the hallway towards the dining area. 
Tom slowly stepped out into the hallway and stopped when he heard the loud crackle of a police radio and Manny’s voice telling a police officer not to go in the back. Tom knew he had to hurry. He didn’t want Manny to get in trouble. He quickly walked out into the hallway and turned right towards the back door he had come in. He heard the police radio getting closer and Manny still pleading, but he knew it was too late. He could hear the heavy footsteps of the police officer’s heavy shoes approaching. Tom shuffled down the hallway as quickly as he could and jumped through the door and saw the red Toyota. It was one of the newer sedan models. He wasn’t sure which one. He clicked the remote and unlocked the doors. He listened as the sky above him buzzed with helicopter rotors. He felt trapped. Just as he slipped into the car, the back door to Manny’s opened and two police officers came charging out with Manny right behind, trying to stop them. 
Tom dove down on the driver’s seat as low as he could go. He wasn’t sure if they had seen him or not. There were about ten or so cars parked behind the restaurant. He could still hear Manny yelling at the two officers that there was no one back here, but they weren’t listening. Tom could hear their footsteps stumping around the parking lot only a few feet away. 
He crouched down lower. His head was near the gas pedal and his back was jammed in next to the gear shift. He couldn’t get any lower. He remained motionless and waited. He could see the shadows of the men walking around above him. They were very close. 
He wasn’t sure what to do once they found him. He had no plan except to surrender and tell them Manny didn’t know anything. He couldn’t believe how much his friend had helped him despite what he had been accused of doing and maybe actually did. He shuddered with the thought and saw the pictures on the news of the burning car and his Emily and Kaitlyn. He felt his eyes well up, but he couldn’t cry now. He couldn’t even breathe. One sound and he would be caught.
 He jumped when he heard someone say that he had him. It was over. Tom closed his eyes and waited. It would all be over in a few seconds. He could feel the heat of the muzzles pointing at his head and knew he would be paraded in the public by the police to show they had caught him. The perp walk, as they liked to call it on TV. He knew he deserved it, especially if he had killed the two people whom encompassed his life. 
He started to slowly roll over so he could see the officer’s approach and not be shot in the back. He could feel his whole body shaking with fear or anger he wasn’t sure which one anymore. 
When he finally rolled all the way over, there were no guns and no officers. There was no one. It was quiet, too quiet. Tom slowly lifted himself up expecting to see two muzzles pointed in his face, but instead all he saw was the parking lot and the back of Manny’s. Across the parking lot he could see two officers running out of the parking area and into a small wooded area. He also saw Manny slowly walking back towards the back door looking down. Tom sat all the way up and waved at Manny, but he didn’t look. 
He waited till the officers disappeared and then started the engine and slowly drove out of the parking lot. He couldn’t believe all the police cars roaming about the roads. He saw a faded light blue ball cap on the seat beside him that said Manny’s and he slipped it onto his head hoping to hide his nervous face.






Chapter 27 

Tom had been driving for about four hours straight now before he finally took a chance to stop. He got out of the Toyota and stretched his legs. It felt good to get out. He had been clutching the wheel so tightly his arms and hands ached. He walked out of the car and into a fast food parking lot. There were plenty of cars parked and only a few empty spots, so he felt comfortable. He quickly downed a burger and a soda and then was back on the road.
  He didn’t know where to go, but he was happy when he saw the North Carolina border sign. He continued going till he made it to the shore, otherwise known as the Outer Banks. It was at least another three hours. 
He found a small motel and was pleased they accepted cash. He quickly checked in and took a stroll outside and purchased sunglasses, a beach hat and a large light blue beach towel to blend in with the tourists heading to the beach. The motel was several blocks from the ocean but he could still feel and smell the ocean. 
Tom always liked the ocean and promised Kaitlyn they would go to Virginia Beach one day and now she would never go. He felt so sad, but the sunglasses hid his tears from the strangers walking near him. He decided to walk the few blocks to the ocean since there was still some sunlight left. As he approached it, he breathed in the fresh saltwater scent and instantly felt much better. He removed the glasses and wiped away the tears and stared into the horizon and watched the large waves crash to the shore. It was so relaxing and soothing that he didn’t even notice the tall man behind him keeping a close eye on him.   Tom spread out his large towel and sat down on the soft sand and kept his eyes focused on the soothing waves and the people easing in and out of the ocean. 
He pictured Kaitlyn being softly swept to shore by a wave and Tom holding her tiny hand and them both laughing and smiling. And of course, Emily behind them taking pictures with her iPhone as she always did. He knew she would put together a huge album full of memories covering every day at the beach. 
Tom smiled for the first time in a long while as he laid back and observed a large seagull flying over his head chirping. He closed his eyes and awoke sometime later to a dark and empty beach. He quickly jumped up, gathered his towel and began walking back towards the motel. The tall man seated on a nearby bench slowly stood up as well and kept a good distance behind Tom making sure there was no detection. 
Tom stopped at a small diner on the way back and ordered a large plate of spaghetti and an iced tea. He felt a little better if he didn’t think about Kaitlyn or Emily. He always had an ability to compartmentalize things. 
He just couldn’t get over the fact that he may have been the one that had killed the two things he loved more than anything else in the world. 
He made it back to his small dingy room and climbed into the shower and then bed. He flipped on the TV and was relieved the newscasters were discussing shark spotting’s instead of him. He eventually fell asleep to the voices on the news. He had no idea that the room to his left contained the tall man who was busy emailing important messages.





















Chapter 28    

Tom awoke the next day feeling more rested and awake than he had since the whole thing had started. He had no idea how long it had been. It seemed like such a long time ago he was holed up in that abandoned prison cell left to die and now he was roaming the Outer Banks. 
He showered and headed back to the same diner he had visited last night and ordered breakfast. No one paid any attention to him. He had even obtained some color on his nose and cheekbones from falling asleep on the beach yesterday.  He walked into the diner and a pretty waitress sat him down alongside a family with two kids close to the same age as Kaitlyn. Tom forced himself to look away and concentrate on the menu. He chose scrambled eggs and sausage.
 It was his favorite breakfast even though Emily always wanted him to eat something other than eggs. She was always the heathy one. Never missed a run or ate anything unhealthy. He didn’t think she had ever even eaten at a fast food restaurant. He missed her so much. 
He looked out the window and could see all the other families preparing for a busy day at the beach. He had his towel and beach hat beside him and was ready to head over to the sand after breakfast. It was a beautiful sunny morning. 
Two booths down, sat the same tall man. He causally glanced over at Tom while scanning the same menu. He ordered coffee and a bagel and pretended to be looking out the window while closely watching Tom. 
Tom finished, thanked the waitress and headed out towards the beach. He looked behind him several times. He had a weird feeling he was being followed, but every time he looked behind him there was no one there. He knew no one followed him down here. He made sure of that. He had checked the rearview almost the whole way down mentally checking every car. He knew the police used several tail cars and would switch them up every so often to disguise the tail and Tom made sure he didn’t see any of the same cars, but he felt very uneasy and he hated that feeling. He looked behind him again as he crossed the last street before he arrived at the beach. There still wasn’t anyone there. 
He stepped onto the warm sand and walked several hundred yards to his right and found a spot near several families with large umbrellas. He felt safe again as he felt the breeze and heard the waves crashing onto the shore. Everything was okay. He didn’t see the tall man duck under a large umbrella several towels over. Tom remained on the beach for several hours enjoying the sun’s rays. He could feel the stress and sorrow leaving his body. It felt good. 
After a little while, he decided to take a walk down the beach and peruse the local stores until everything he saw begin to remind him of things he would like to buy for Kaitlyn.   He quickly made his way out to the street and crossed back over to the motel. As usual, he looked all around for anyone or anything suspicious and didn’t see anyone. As he approached the motel, he did notice a tall man dressed in beach attire he had seen the day before, but he wasn’t paying any attention to Tom so he ignored him. 
Tom entered the motel room and immediately knew someone had been in the room. He had left a small piece of paper on the end table that no one would notice and it was now on the floor. He tensed up and quickly checked the bathroom and under the bed and was satisfied no one was currently in the room, but someone had been in there and he was sure it wasn’t the cleaning staff. Tom didn’t have many belongings, just a change of clothes that he had purchased and a pair of shoes. He was on edge and could feel his heartbeat speeding up. He looked at the bed, and the sheets hadn’t been changed or made up and there was still trash in the garbage can. No one had been in to clean. 
He quickly left and looked suspiciously both ways when he stepped out of the room and didn’t see anyone, so he went to the parking lot to Manny’s car. He started it up and pulled out of the lot quickly, almost striking the same tall man he had seen earlier. He waved and yelled sorry to the man, but he quickly turned away from Tom like he didn’t care. Tom slowed down and headed down the road to a large shopping plaza he had passed on the way in. He parked near a large Best Buy and went in and purchased an inexpensive tablet.
 As soon as he arrived back at the motel, he connected to their slow Wi-Fi and logged on and connected to a local Virginia news website. He read all the stories about the police still searching for him and suspecting he was still in the area. They were conducting investigations on the two bodies they suspected were his wife and daughter. Someone had released the details that Tom had rented the car that they were burned in. They even had a photo copy of the rental car agreement with his signature. Tom studied the signature again and it looked like his. He took a deep breath and checked his email. There were several messages from Jim regarding the reward and that he should go turn himself in. Tom quickly deleted them.
 After several hours of browsing the Internet, Tom knew he needed to get out of the room for a while. He slowly stepped out and checked both directions and everything seemed clear. He didn’t see anyone. He cruised on over to the diner and smiled at the same waitress who sat him down in the same booth. He looked at the other patrons and didn’t see anyone he recognized, so he studied the menu and settled on a chicken sandwich and an iced tea. He relaxed and looked out the window watching all the happy families and people walk by heading to the beach or back to their hotels after a full day of sun and fun. He felt tears well up in his eyes thinking about Kaitlyn and Emily again, but was quickly startled when the waitress set the plate down in front of him with the sandwich. 
While he was looking outside, the tall man slipped into a nearby booth and ordered a tuna salad.

Chapter 29   

Paulson had finally gone home and fell asleep to the sound of his police radio last night. He wasn’t giving up, even if he was the last one still looking for Reynolds. He had no clue where to even look at this point. He figured he was either long gone or staying with someone he didn’t know about. He had checked with all his known family and friends, but nothing had turned up. 
He was waiting on a confirmation from the DNA. He was certain it would tell them it was Reynold’s family, but he wanted a final positive ID.
 Tomorrow morning, he was going back to Mercer Financial and talk to Reynold’s colleagues and George Mercer. He had already been told he would be able to access Reynold’s office and computer. He really hoped to find some clues. He had spent some time on Reynold’s home computer with a tech the other day, but they hadn’t been able to find anything of any use except for some Facebook searches of Roscoe Winston. 
He hated cases like this and he was still furious at himself for letting him get away out the back door. He considered that his biggest mistake of his career. Both he and the trooper had agreed to say Reynolds climbed out a bathroom window and escaped. Paulson had been so upset after it happened. He even thought about giving up police work this morning thinking maybe he was getting too old and starting to slip, but he threw those feelings off and told himself he wouldn’t think about that till he had Reynolds hands cuffed behind his back. He still loved the sound and feel of handcuffs on flesh. 
He had driven past Reynold’s house at least six times in the last hour checking for anything different. He hoped something would pop up. He had even gotten out and walked the property twice looking for any leave, twig or blade of grass that had been moved. So far nothing, but it would change. It always did. He played with his handcuffs with his hand clamping them open and shut. He couldn’t wait.
After he ate, Tom decided to take a walk towards the beach as the evening began to seep in. He almost smiled feeling the breeze blow through his face and made it all the way to the beach without a worry or feeling of sorrow. For the first time, Tom felt like he might make it through this awful time. There were still many people strolling across the beach. They were mostly couples walking hand in hand. Tom felt comfortable as he walked along and let the water roll over his feet. The water was somewhat cool and felt relaxing on his feet. He even said hello to several people that walked by doing the same thing. 
After about an hour, darkness was covering almost the entire beach and Tom decided to call it a night. He slowly walked back across the beach and streets to the motel. When he was a street away, he saw the same tall man from earlier glance at him and then quickly look away. 
Something didn’t feel right. Tom slowed down and just as he did, he saw the police cars. There were two marked and two unmarked cars parked near his room. The two marked ones were partially hidden behind a large dumpster. He wouldn’t have seen them if he hadn’t been on full alert after seeing the tall man look at him oddly. He was standing in the middle of the street and knew if he made any sudden movements they would see him. 
He slowly turned around and began walking quickly back towards the beach, but it was too late. He could hear footsteps running in his direction. He looked behind him and saw two large men in suits running and pointing at him. Tom began to run as fast as he could. They were still two blocks behind him, but closing quickly. He ran towards the diner and over the street near the beach, but they were coming too quickly. He wasn’t going to make it. He started to slow down as he was about to step on the beach. There was no way he was going to beat them running on the beach or into the ocean. He wasn’t a great swimmer. He was about to step on the sand when the first officer pulled out what appeared to be a gun and was pointing it towards Tom. They were less than a block away and soon he would be in range of being shot. He knew they could justify that he was reaching or something. He was after all an escaping murderer. 
He thought of Emily and Kaitlyn as he prepared to give up. He could hear the officer yelling commands for him to get on his knees. Tom began to go down until he saw the same tall man he had seen before frantically waving for him to follow him to his right. He was standing next to a burgundy mini-van, maybe a Honda or Toyota.  
Tom thought he was another police officer, but there was something different about him. It was something about the way he was dressed or the look in his eyes. Tom wasn’t sure, but he was out of options and he found himself running towards the mini-van. The tall man was already in the vehicle and waved for Tom to get in. Tom jumped into the passenger seat and the tall man quickly pulled away leaving the two officers with their guns drawn about a hundred yards away yelling into their radios. 
Tom looked at the man calmly maneuvering the minivan though the streets. He was tall and thin with long features, someone you would call handsome if you saw him. Tom figured him to be around fifty. He wasn’t looking at Tom, just concentrating on the road. Tom felt the vehicle swerve and expertly turn onto small backroads. He had no idea where they were or where they were going, but a minute later, they were all alone on a deep wooded road heading away from the beach. He could hear sirens behind him but they appeared to be heading the other direction. The man slowed down the vehicle and was now driving at a normal rate of speed. He appeared totally relaxed and in full command of what he was doing. Tom kept his gaze forward listening for anything above or behind him. He still wasn’t quite sure what was happening, but he felt as though he was going to get away. Finally, after another fifteen minutes and several turns later, Tom looked at the man and thanked him.
The man looked over at Tom and smiled. “No problem. I think we are safe now. There is no way they can find us.”
“Where are we going?”
“To a safe place where you can stay hidden.”
“Why are you doing this?”
The man smiled showing perfectly white teeth. “I have my reasons.”  Tom watched him make another turn down an even darker road. “That was a little closer than I wanted it to be. I didn’t think the police were here.”
“Me neither. I saw you yesterday near the motel.”
The man nodded. “Yes, I have been down here for several days.”
“Are you following me?  Who are you?”
The man smiled again. “I’m the one that saved you. Otherwise, right now you would be handcuffed in the back of a police car.”  Tom nodded.
The man continued driving down the long dark road that eventually became bumpy and dark until they turned onto a dirt road that led to 95. A few minutes later, they were heading back north.
“You sure this is safe?” Tom asked.
“Look around at all the other cars on the highway. What do you see?”  The man had a deep almost soothing voice like George’s.
Tom slowly looked at all the cars around him and noticed all the other similar mini-vans traveling with them and nodded. “See what I mean. Even if they got the plate number it would be almost impossible to find us.”  Tom watched an identical mini-van the same color speed by. Neither of them said another word until they pulled off an exit in Northern Virginia and into a neighborhood full of small cottage-style houses. Tom watched as the man pulled into the driveway of a house at the end of the road. It was full of large leafy trees encompassing the entire front yard. The exterior appeared to be immaculate and maintained by professionals. Tom stepped out of the vehicle and stood on the driveway stretching his legs. The man walked around the mini-van and pushed a button that slid open the rear door on the passenger side.
“Can you grab that bag on the seat?”  The man pointed at a small white canvas bag in the middle of the seat that Tom didn’t notice before. Tom reached in and as soon as he touched the bag he froze. He looked at the man who was smiling and then back at the bag. Inside the bag was Kaitlyn’s favorite shirt.
Chapter 30   

Tom grabbed the shirt and held it up to his face. It was a pink short-sleeve shirt with the name Kaitlyn stitched on the front in bright green letters. Emily had found it at a gift store and Kaitlyn wore it all the time. Tom couldn’t believe it. He looked back at the man who was standing behind him.
“Let’s go. We need to get inside.”  He was waving for Tom to move.
“What is this? How did you get this?”  Tom held the shirt towards the man.
“Let’s go inside and I’ll explain everything.”  Tom followed the man in. He was still clutching the shirt tightly in his hands. He stepped inside the small foyer and into a living room with an old torn green couch and a few wooden chairs. The house looked abandoned and run down inside and it had a starchy smell. Tom looked around. It was not what he was expecting. The man pointed at the couch and Tom reluctantly sat down still clutching the shirt between his hands. He missed her so much. He started to see the images of the burning car again till the man stepped in front of him holding a thick piece of rope. 
“What’s that for?”
“To tie things up with.”
Tom nodded and looked back at the shirt. He couldn’t believe he had it in his hands. “Now tell me what’s going on. Where did you get this…or more importantly why do you have this?”  He held up the shirt.
 The man paced back and forth in front of the couch holding the long thick rope and flipping it back and forth between his two hands. “I’ve got my ways.” Tom watched as the man pointed at one of the wooden chairs. Tom looked at is closely and noticed the legs were bolted to the floor like a hotel might do to prevent someone from stealing it. “Now go take a seat in one of those chairs and I’ll tell you everything you want to hear.
Tom slowly lifted himself up from the saggy couch and walked across the floor to the old chair. He couldn’t believe how solid it felt when he sat down on it. He looked at the one next to him and noticed it was bolted down as well.
“Now place your hands behind your back.”  The man’s voice was much more forceful.
Tom quickly stood up. “What is going on here?”
“I told you. You will find out once you sit down.”
“You’re going to tie me up.”  Tom pointed at the rope. “I’m not sitting there.”  Tom started to walk towards the door.
“Stop.”  The man’s voice was louder and Tom saw a pistol in the man’s hand so he immediately stopped. “Now get in the chair.”  Tom slowly walked to the chair and placed his hands behind his back. A minute later, he was tied up to the back of the chair with the rope covering both his arms and legs.
“Now will you tell me what’s going on?”  
Tom watched as the man sat down beside him in the other wooden chair. “I’ll tell you everything as soon as you get me the money.”
“What money?”  Tom looked at the shirt on the floor near the man’s feet.
“You know the hundred and fifty-thousand dollars.”
“The reward money…that’s what this is about?”
The man nodded. “You want to know where I got that shirt and everything else about Kaitlyn and Emily. Get me the money and I want it doubled.”
“I don’t have access to it. Emily’s father is in control of that.”
“I know that.”  The man pulled Tom’s cell phone out of his front pocket. “Tell me his number and I’ll dial it. Have him bring the money right here.”  
“He’s not going to come here.”
“When you tell him, you have information on his daughter and granddaughter, I bet he will.”
“What do you have?”  Tom felt his voice strain. The man picked up the shirt and threw it in his lap.
“Now tell me the number.”  Tom rattled off Jim’s number as the man placed the phone up to his ear. 
Jim answered on the second ring and Tom told him he had information on Emily and Kaitlyn and told him he needed to go to an address the man gave him. The man grabbed the phone back and Tom watched him open it up and pull out the sim card. Then he smashed both the phone and the card into thousands of tiny pieces.
 Tom stared at Kaitlyn’s shirt and tried to figure out what was going on. Nothing made any sense. He tried to loosen his arms but they weren’t giving. The man had his back to him and was facing a window with a dark green dusty curtain attached to it. It was the only window in the room. The rest of the walls were bare. It reminded Tom of a college kid’s place. He couldn’t see into any of the other rooms. There were two closed doors behind him and a small hallway leading to what he assumed was the kitchen or dining room. The only light from the room came from the cracked fixture hanging above the small foyer. Tom watched as the man turned around. He no longer had the gun out. It was tucked back in his waistband under his shirt. Tom could see the bulge. He hadn’t noticed it before. 
“How long are you going to keep me tied up?  I promise I’m not going anywhere.”  The man looked at him and then quickly stepped out the front door and slammed it shut leaving Tom to himself. 
Tom listened to the sound of the minivan being started and then he heard it leave the driveway. He was alone. He tried to work the rope loose on both his hands and feet grinding it against the wood, but it wasn’t working. The man had made it too tight. He had obviously done this before. He sat in the chair for hours trying to get comfortable but it was hopeless, so he finally gave up and fell asleep when he saw the sun go down behind the curtain. He quickly awoke to the sound of a car door being shut outside. The man was back. He jumped at the knock on the door when he heard Jim’s voice calling out his name. 
Tom tried to call back but he realized he had been gagged at some point. There was a thick piece of cloth covering his mouth and he couldn’t open it. He couldn’t remember it being put on. He continued to struggle, but it was hopeless. He listened to Jim’s knocking and wished he could let him know he was tied up. He quickly sank back down in the chair when he heard a second car door shut. It was too late.
 A minute later, the door burst open and Jim stormed in. Tom felt his hopes rise. He was going to be rescued. He watched Jim drop a large briefcase on the floor just inside the door but he didn’t move. Tom tried to wiggle his head to have him come help him, but he wasn’t moving any closer. Tom couldn’t figure out what was going on till he saw the tall man enter behind Jim with his gun pointed at the back of his head. Tom sank deeper into the chair and lowered his head in despair.







Chapter 31

The tall man had tied Jim up next to him and ungagged Tom. He said he had placed it on him earlier, but Tom didn’t remember. He didn’t ask. They both watched as the tall man sat on the green couch and counted out the money Jim had brought. Tom had never seen that much cash before. Sometime later, the man finally stood up and closed the briefcase and walked over to Tom and Jim. He stood in front of them smiling. He was wearing a dark black polo and designer jeans. Tom looked at him closely. He appeared to be maybe forty, but it was difficult to tell because he had a trim beard and a pompadour haircut that made him look stylish.
“All right guys. The money is there.”
“Now what?”  Tom yelled. “You need to let us go and tell me where you got this shirt.”
“I can’t let you go, but I will tell you about the shirt.”  He stood directly in front of Tom and reached down and grabbed Kaitlyn’s shirt.  “It was given to me by the guy that hired me to bring you here.”
“Who is he?”  Jim yelled.
The man shook his head. “I just report to him when he calls. Been doing it for years.”
“You got to let us go. I promise we won’t say anything.”  Tom begged.
“Can’t do that. It’s part of the deal.  I get to keep this money…all of it.”  He pointed at the briefcase still on the couch.
“That’s why you saved me from the police?”
“Yep. You got to admit. This is better.”  He smiled.
Tom saw Jim staring at him. “How are we supposed to get out of here?” 
“Don’t know. My job was to get you both here and then I’m done. In fact, I need to get going.”
“Please just untie us…please.”  Tom yelled. The man ignored him and walked to the couch, grabbed the briefcase and headed for the door then stopped and suddenly turned around.
“I almost forgot. I’m supposed to put the gags in your mouths.”
“Please don’t…please.”  Both Tom and Jim begged.
The man shook his head. “Never mind.” That was all he said. They both watched as the tall man scrambled out the front door and locked it from the outside. A minute later, they heard the engine startup and the car leave.
 Tom looked over at Jim. “What’s going on here?  Who is that guy?”
“I don’t know. He saved me in North Carolina and then brought me here and tied me up. He made me call you about the money.”
“So, he just scooped us for the reward money. What about the shirt?”
Tom looked down at his lap. “He had this in his car. It’s definitely Emily’s.”
“Are you sure?”
Tom nodded.
“What about the car and the fire?”
“I know. I don’t know what to think. They haven’t positively identified that it is them, right?  I’m not giving up until I know for sure.”
“The police took some DNA from us yesterday. I think they are pretty convinced it is them. By the way, what were you doing in North Carolina?  Everyone has been looking for you. How did you get away anyway?  The police have been camping out outside our place for the last few days. They even search the condo every couple of hours. I had to sneak out a back door to get here. I checked at least a hundred times to make sure I wasn’t followed.”
Tom shook his head. “I had to get away from everything. They were accusing me of killing that Roscoe guy and Emily and Kaitlyn.”
Jim looked down. “They have a lot of evidence.”
“They can have whatever they want but I didn’t do it.”  Tom stared at the front door and wondered if he would ever get out. 
“The police have your computer.”
Tom shook his head. “Good. Maybe they will find out what happened to his messages. I told you everything was gone.”  Tom tried to move the chair but it wouldn’t budge. “Jim, can we talk about this later?  I think we need to worry about getting out of here right now.”
“You’re right. Do you see these chairs?  They are screwed to the floor.”  Tom nodded and continued to try and wiggle, but gave up after a while. Neither said anything and eventually the sun went down and the room became pitch black.
Jim whispered. “This isn’t good. We could starve here if no one comes for us.”
“What about Pam?  Did you tell her where you were going?”
Jim shook his head no. “I just said I was going to run some errands.”
“So, no one knows we’re here except for the guy that took our money and left?”
“Looks that way.”
Tom felt his eyes become heavy. He wasn’t sure if it was exhaustion from stress or from not eating or drinking, but he finally fell asleep or passed out. He wasn’t sure anymore.  When he woke up the sun was out and Jim was gone.


















Chapter 32  

Tom still felt exhausted and drained, more so than last night. He tried to move his arms and legs, but he was still secured to the chair. He looked all around and jumped when he heard footsteps coming from behind him. He looked back and saw Jim quickly walking towards him. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but something didn’t feel right.
“What’s going on?”  Tom yelled out.
“We’re free Tom.”
“What do you mean?”  Tom pulled on the rope on his hands.
“I’ll cut you free. Hold on.”
“I don’t understand. What happened?”
Tom watched as Jim bent down behind him and began cutting the rope with a knife. He could feel the rope twitching. 
“After you fell asleep, a guy came in the house.”  Jim took a long pause. “He injected you with something in your neck but I was awake. I already had my hands loose, so I pretended to be asleep and when he came to inject me I surprised him and threw him on the ground.”  Another long pause. “We had a fight and…I think I killed him.”
“What?”  Tom freed his arms and stretched them above his head as Jim worked on his legs. “Where is he?”
Jim looked behind him towards the door leading to another room. “He started hitting me and I grabbed a lamp and struck him in the head a few times.”  Tom noticed the redness and scrapes on Jim’s face as he looked up. Tom felt relieved when Jim finished untying his legs and slowly stood up. He quickly sat right back down when he felt the lightheadedness overcome his brain.
“I’ve got food in the kitchen.”
“How?”
“I found a 7-11 down the road and picked up some food and drink. I even called Pam on this.”  He held up a burner phone. “I told her I won’t be home for a while.”  He looked back at the bedroom door again. “You need to eat something.”  Tom watched Jim head out to the kitchen. A minute later, he brought back a small bottle of orange juice and a box of donuts. Tom began drinking and eating right away. A few minutes later, after his glucose levels rose back to normal levels, he got up and looked out the window.
“What time is it?”
“2:00 PM.”
“Really?”
“Yep, whatever he gave you must have been pretty strong. Sorry, I couldn’t stop him from giving it to you.”  Tom touched his neck.
“It’s okay.”
They both jumped when they heard a cell phone ring from beyond the door. Jim looked down at the worn carpet and Tom ran to the door behind them. He immediately stopped when he entered the room and saw the body of a man curled in a weird unnatural position near an old mattress with no box spring underneath it. The man’s eyes were closed and his face was full of dried blood and marks. He appeared to be around thirty and quite fit.
 Tom wasn’t sure how Jim could have possibly killed him, but he saw the bloody and broken lamp on the floor next to him. He slowly stepped near the man trying not to look at his face. He reached into the man’s front pocket in his jeans and pulled out an older model iPhone. The phone had stopped ringing, but Tom pushed the home button and saw the number displayed. He didn’t recognize the number. He pressed his thumb on the home button and was surprised there was no passcode on the phone. He clicked through the different apps and didn’t find anything of interest except the maps app showed the house they were standing in now. He flipped through the contacts and almost dropped the phone when he saw the number. It was one he instantly recognized.
“What is it?” He looked up and saw Jim standing in the doorway.
“I recognize one of the numbers in his contacts.”
“Who is it?”
“It’s Mercer, where I work.”  Tom felt confused. “I don’t understand why he would have that number.”  He looked back at the man’s face and still didn’t recognize him despite the blood. 
“Are you sure?”
“I’m positive. Do you still have that burner phone?”
Jim reached behind him and pulled out the phone from his back pocket and threw it to Tom. He stayed in the doorway. Tom powered it on and dialed the number from the phone. He waited for the phone to ring and felt his heart almost stop when it went to voicemail. He quickly disconnected the phone and powered it down.
“I don’t believe it.”
“It’s George’s direct line.”
“George Mercer?”  Jim looked surprised.
Tom took a deep breath. “Yep, something is going on here.”  
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t understand why he would have George’s number.”
“Maybe he is a client. I’m sure George has hundreds if not thousands.”
Tom shook his head. “I guess it’s possible, but what are the chances of the coincidence. We need to find out.”
“How?”
“We need to go to Mercer and find out who he is.”  Tom took a picture of the man’s face with the phone.
“We can’t just leave…you know.”  He looked towards the body.
“Not now. We should wait till tonight. I still have keys and the codes.”
Jim shook his head. “I’m not cut out for this. First this guy and now breaking in businesses.”
“We’ll be fine. Don’t you want to find out if there’s any connection to Kaitlyn and Emily?”
“They’re dead Tom.”
“We don’t know that for sure. Besides, you wouldn’t have come here with the money if you were totally convinced of that.”
Tom watched Jim close his eyes. When he opened them a minute later he nodded in agreement. “I guess you’re right we do need to know for sure. But we can’t just leave him here like that. What about the police?  If they come here, they will think I am a murderer.”
“Welcome to the club Jim.”




Chapter 33  

Tom pulled the car into the parking lot of Mercer Financial. It was an enormous building with an entire side built of all glass reflecting the moonlight. They were in the man’s car who had come to the house last night to inject them with a sedative. The car was a late model Saturn sedan that made a loud rattling sound from somewhere in the rear of the car, but they both ignored it. There were no other cars in the parking lot. It was almost 3:00 AM on a Friday, so no one was at the office. If anyone was eager enough to work the foreign markets, they were doing it from their home offices. Tom had a desktop setup in a spare bedroom that he used occasionally after hours, but he preferred to not bring any work home unless it was unavoidable. He always wanted to spend his time at home with Emily and Kaitlyn. 
Tom parked near a row of hedges that blocked the car from the building. He was sure there were cameras recording somewhere, but he had never checked. There had never been reason to before. He knew there was no security guards on the premises just a high-end security system that Tom had the codes to.  Tom whispered for Jim to follow him towards a side door on the non-glass side of the building. Tom slipped his key into the lock and was relieved when it turned and unlocked. 
He walked immediately to the keypad located right inside the door and quickly typed in his code. It still worked. Nothing had been changed. He looked behind him and saw Jim nervously following him. Tom’s office was on the fifth floor and George’s on the sixth with the large conference room and exercise gym that was installed a few years ago. Tom had always tried to use it a few days a week before lunch due to Emily’s urging that he needed to stay fit. He usually just hopped on one of the many high-end treadmills, instead of all the other expensive resistance equipment that the younger guys liked to use. 
He pointed to the stairs and began slowly walking up. He was sure there was no one else in the building but he didn’t want to take any chances. They reached the second-floor landing and Tom opened a door that led to the main lobby which was located on the second floor. It was spacious and ornate with a large desk located opposite the elevator where Barbie usually worked. She was George’s niece and had been there for almost fifteen years. Tom looked over at the empty desk and remembered all the passing conversations he had with Barbie about how Kaitlyn was doing. He led Tom towards the elevator and pushed the up button.
 A minute later, they were quietly riding up the elevator to the fifth floor. Tom was feeling a little anxious but he could see the nervousness creeping over Jim’s face. Jim was in his early seventies and he usually looked at least a decade younger, but with everything that had happened over the last week or so he looked much older. Tom felt bad for him and wanted to comfort him, but now wasn’t the time. He didn’t know if the police were monitoring the alarm codes and he didn’t want to find out. 
They both jumped when the elevator chirped when they reached the fifth floor. Tom had Jim follow him out of the dark lobby and led him down a long hallway decorated with pictures of the town’s scenery from all the different Virginia seasons. Tom had never noticed them, but he saw Jim eyeing them. 
A minute later, they reached Tom’s office and he slowly opened the door. He wasn’t sure what to expect, but everything looked normal. The first thing he noticed was the pictures of Emily and Kaitlyn. It was the same one he had clasped while in prison.
 He went right to his computer and logged in. It seemed to take forever, but finally the desktop screen came up filled with icons. Tom opened a file filled with pictures and information about each client that the firm had. He pulled out the picture from his wallet of the dead man. Tom had found what he thought was the man on the computer. He yelled for Jim to come over. He agreed. They had found him. 
He was a client of George’s. George only had a select few clients who dealt with large money portfolios.  That explained the connection to George. Tom wrote down the address. It was near the house he and Jim had been held captive in. He scrolled down and read through the portfolio and was surprised at the amount of money invested. He was reading through the charts when he felt a tap on his shoulder. He saw Jim’s face turn white.
“What is it?”  Tom whispered.
“There’s someone out there?”
“Where?”  Jim pointed out Tom’s door. “How do you know?”
“I just heard a voice and footsteps.”
“Are you sure?  I didn’t hear anything. It’s probably the heat. It can be loud at times.”  Tom closed the computer screen and powered it down. He listened for any sounds but didn’t hear anything. He figured Jim was still a little nervous, but it was time to go anyway. He looked out his window that overlooked the parking lot and didn’t see any additional cars, so he was sure they were still alone.
They slowly exited Tom’s office and made a left back down the hallway they had come from. Tom still didn’t hear anything, but they were both tiptoeing on the thick carpet. George had the entire office filled with wall-to-wall carpet to help squelch out any sounds except for the lobby’s which had imported hard wood flooring. Tom and Jim made their way all the way to door that led to the fifth-floor elevator lobby when Tom heard the sound. It wasn’t mechanical. It sounded as though someone had just shut a door nearby. Tom wasn’t sure what to do. If they made a break for the lobby, they would have to wait for the elevator and the stairs were on the side. They remained in place not making a sound. Tom held his breath and looked back at Jim who looked like he was going to pass out at any minute. They had to do something. 
Tom slowly opened the door to the lobby expecting to be stormed by hundreds of policemen, but instead he heard George’s voice talking quietly around the corner. He froze and motioned for Jim to do the same. It sounded as though George was near the door just on the other side of the lobby. They had no choice but to remain in place for now. Tom couldn’t believe George was in the building in the middle of the night, but he knew George was the type of guy who only slept a few hours a night. He was always busy which was why he had achieved so much in his life. 
Tom listened as closely as he could but the words were too soft. He jumped from the footsteps behind him coming from down the hall near where they had just left from. Someone was near his office and coming their way. George had someone with him. They had to leave now. He wasn’t sure if George would turn them over to the police or not, but there was no way he was going to find out. Tom looked back at Jim who was still nervously looking behind them and whispered for him to get ready. He counted down with his fingers from three and on one they made a dash for the stairs. 
The quickly stepped out into the middle of the lobby and ran towards the door leading to the stairs. As soon as Tom opened the door, he saw George step out of the lobby in his direction and start asking who was there. Tom and Jim disappeared down the stairs taking two or three steps at a time till they reached the bottom and ran to the door. Tom looked behind him and saw Jim trying to keep up and out of breath, but they had to keep moving. There was no other choice. Above him, he could hear George yelling and getting nearer. As soon as they made it to the parking lot, they heard the sirens. George had called the police. Tom and Jim looked towards the highway about a mile away and could see the wall of flashing blue lights coming their direction.
“Let’s go.”  Tom yelled.
“I can’t do this Tom.”  Jim grabbed Tom’s shoulder near the car. “I’m not a criminal.”
“We have no choice…let’s go Jim. Get in the car unless you want to go to jail.”
Tom watched as Jim hesitated and then briskly walked to the car and entered. Tom quickly pulled out of the parking lot and headed in the opposite direction. He slammed the brakes when George and his assistant Hank popped out behind a tree. George started waving for them to stop but Tom kept going. He looked over at Jim, his head was in his hands. Tom kept the gas pedal to the floor and pulled out onto the highway ahead of the police wave approaching. He didn’t have his lights on and smiled when he looked back and saw the police cars turning into the parking lot. He knew it would only be a minute or two till they started after them.
“We’re not going to make it Tom.”  Jim was looking back behind them.
Tom wasn’t sure what to say. If they brought the helicopters out, he knew they were done. He kept driving until he swerved quickly, causing Jim’s shoulder to slam into the window. He pulled into a large industrial park.
“Where are we going?”
“To hide.”  Tom yelled. He couldn’t believe how calm he had become outrunning the police. No longer did he feel his nerves tighten. All he felt was the adrenalin rush through his system. He enjoyed it and smiled as he pulled in between two large delivery trucks parked behind a warehouse. It was completely black. 
 


















Chapter 34 

Tom and Jim remained in place for another hour and then slowly made their way onto back roads and made it back to the house they were held captive in. The sun was just starting to come up behind the trees in the backyard giving the house an eerie look. Tom ignored it and pulled the car slowly into the short driveway. Everything appeared to be in the same state as it was when they left. Neither of them immediately stepped out of the car. They both nervously waited for something to happen. 
Finally, Tom got out and carefully made his way to the front door. It was still unlocked. He stepped inside and everything appeared okay. He went into the kitchen and looked for the food Jim had bought and began to eat. He watched as Jim slowly entered the doorway and immediately walked past him and into the bedroom. Tom could tell by his face nothing had changed. 
Tom didn’t realize how hungry he was till he felt the food fill his stomach. He had been living on nothing but adrenaline the last few days. He looked at Jim standing across from him in the kitchen. He knew it was his fault getting him involved in this. They both jumped when they heard a knock on the door. Jim immediately began to run in circles. Tom remained frozen in place. The knock kept coming and getting louder. Tom looked out the window for blue flashing lights, but didn’t see anything. He looked towards the back of the house and thought about going out the window when he heard the voice of a woman ask if anyone was home. For some reason he couldn’t explain, he went to the door and opened it up. Standing in front of him was a middle-aged woman in running gear with a concerned look on her face staring back at him.
“Hello. I live next door and I saw the lights on over here.”  She had a soft and calming voice. “Didn’t think the Hawkins had come back yet. Who are you guys?”  
Tom turned around and saw Jim standing behind him, his face white as a ghost.
“Is he okay?”
“He’s not feeling well.”  Tom quickly answered not sure what else to say.
“Do you guys know the Hawkins?”  She was glaring directly past him at Jim.
Tom tried to think of the right response when he heard Jim answer that they were doing some work on the house before the Hawkins returned. He was impressed.
The woman nodded and took a long look around the house. Tom hoped she wouldn’t enter. He saw the bedroom door was open. “Is there someone else here with you?”
“Nope. Just the two of us getting an early start.”  Tom replied.
“Okay. Have a good day.”
They both stood in the doorway and watched the woman walk back down the driveway and turn left. She didn’t look back.
“We need to get out of here right now.”  Tom yelled. He ran back to the kitchen and gathered up all the remaining food
“We’re screwed.”  Jim screamed and began the circles again.
“Jim, you’ve got to get it together if you want to get out of here.”  Tom yelled. Jim quickly grabbed a few more items and raced out the door to the car. Tom quickly followed and started the car and slowly backed up expecting at any time for the police to show up. He pulled out onto the road and couldn’t hear a sound except for Jim’s deep breathing. There was no one behind them. He continued checking in the mirror until they had made several turns.
“What if there’s a tracking device on the car?”
“C’mon Jim. You’re freaking me out. You’ve been watching too much TV. Who would be tracking us?”
Tom pulled into a gas station about an hour later. It was one of those ones with a large convenience store attached and the parking lot was well- lit. He pulled next to a large tractor trailer and stepped outside and began checking the car. He had no idea what a tracking device looked like, but after they spent ten minutes searching the car they didn’t see anything and Jim seemed satisfied and calmer. 
They entered the convenience store and were greeted by a young woman chewing a large wad of gum. She didn’t even look up from the TV she was watching. Tom stopped in his tracks as they were showing the large Mercer building on the news. The reporter was interviewing George about a late-night break-in. 
Tom quickly stepped away and found Jim near the beverage aisle with his hands full of bottled iced tea and crackers. Tom assisted him. When they got to the register the same news anchor was talking with a man standing outside the same house they had just left describing a murder scene. Jim turned whiter than Tom had ever seen someone. Tom felt the blood rush to his head as they flashed their pictures across the screen describing them as the two main suspects. The reporter was talking to same woman that had knocked on the door and she was describing her encounter with them. Tom paid for the items and tried to remain calm despite seeing his face staring back at him on the screen behind the cashier. He was glad she couldn’t see the screen. Jim had already left the store. Somehow, Tom kept the woman’s eyes away from the screen long enough until they stopped showing their pictures. He quickly stepped outside and sprinted towards the car. Jim was right, they were screwed. 
Tom tried to remain calm. He could see Jim’s whole body nervously shaking.
“What do we do?”
“We drive out of here as carefully as we can.”  Tom responded. He tried to keep the nervousness out of his voice. He kept wanting to press the accelerator to the floor but he stayed within the speed limit. 
A minute later, they could hear sirens and see blue lights flashing behind them. He figured the cashier had probably seen the news and had already informed the police. It wouldn’t be long till they were headed in their direction. Tom knew he had to think and he needed Jim, but it was difficult over his screams and antics. He had to keep them safely away from the police. He figured he had done it before so he could do it again. He continued driving and made every turn possible. 
They entered a neighborhood development, one of those new ones with streets crisscrossing in every direction. He continued to make turns and came to an area with houses under construction. He drove all the way down the street and pulled in the driveway of a house partially completed. It was perfect. The foundation was built and the framing had begun inside but that was about it. Tom pulled the car all the way into what was going to be a large three-car garage. They were hidden from the outside unless someone came down the driveway. He looked at Jim, who appeared to have aged about ten years in the last few minutes and tapped his shoulder. Jim jumped and took a deep breath.
“We’re good for now Jim.”
“What is Pam going to think seeing me on the news. I’m just like you now.”
“What do you mean just like me?  Tom answered a little louder than he wanted to. “I didn’t do anything Jim. I’m just trying to find my family.”
“They already found them…remember in the car fire.”
Tom shook his head. “Look…I didn’t have anything to do with that and I don’t even know if that’s them.”  Tom felt his anger raging inside of him and he couldn’t seem to control it.
“Stop lying and just admit it. You killed my little girl and my granddaughter.”  He screamed and tears fell off his face. 
  Tom took a step back. “They’re my life. I wouldn’t hurt them. You know that.”
“I don’t know anything anymore. I should have never come to help you…I should have left you in the chair all tied up for the police.”
“Jim…stop.” Tom tapped his shoulder but he jumped back.
“No. I can’t stop. I can’t live like this. Maybe you can but this isn’t for me. I’m going to turn myself in and explain what happened.”
“They’re not going to believe you and you’ll end up in jail like I did.”
“Maybe that’s where you belong.”  
Tom couldn’t believe what was happening. He left Jim in the garage and slowly walked down the driveway. He looked back and saw Jim staring back at him. Tom kept walking. He looked at the three unfinished houses around him and tried to picture the new happy families moving in. He felt a tear run down his cheek when he thought of his own house. He so wished he could just go back there and come home from work again like none of this ever happened. He quickly turned his head towards the sound of a large pickup truck heading directly towards him.

















Chapter 35 

Tom quickly turned around and began walking back up the driveway and found Jim hadn’t moved. He pointed at an old rusty dark-blue Ford F150 as it pulled into the driveway. Jim didn’t acknowledge anything. He just remained in place staring at the oncoming truck.  Tom stepped forward as a large scruffy man wearing a faded white t-shirt and cargo pants stepped out of the truck along with two others.
“What’s up fellas?”  The man had a raspy voice that sounded like it had been through many packs of cigarettes. The other two guys stood behind him and curiously eyed them. They all appeared as though they had just come from a bar after drinking all night.
Tom felt apprehensive, but quickly responded. “Not much. We’re just checking out the houses.”  
“We’ll you ain’t supposed to be in here. This is private property so please move it along.”
Tom nodded and flipped the keys in his hand. He looked at Jim, but he still wasn’t moving. “Okay we’ll be heading out of here right now…right?”  He looked at Jim again. “Jim…Jim…we need to go.”
“We got work to do. You want me to call the police?”  Tom could feel the man’s anger escalating in his voice.
“No…no…no. We’re leaving right Jim?”  Tom walked over to Jim and tried to nudge him toward the car, but he wouldn’t move.
“Look, you need to leave now. You don’t want us to help you.”  Tom watched the man pull out an older looking cell phone. The kind that aren’t quite smart phones, but are a step above a flip phone. He grabbed Jim and pushed him towards the car as forcibly as he could. He opened the door and got him in the passenger seat. He looked back at the three men and they were just staring at them. Suddenly, one of the men converged on the car followed by the other two. The guy with the phone was frantically dialing and waving his arms. Tom tried to back the car by them, but they weren’t moving. He had the windows down and they were screaming that Tom and Jim they were the guys on the news for murder. 
Tom pushed the accelerator down as hard as he could and backed the car out down the driveway avoiding the men and pulled onto the street with a loud screech. He watched the three men jump in the truck and start backing up after them. He had to hurry. He looked at Jim, but he was fixated on something out the window. He wasn’t even paying attention to what was going on. It was like he was in a daze.
 Tom floored the car down the road and made a left at the first intersection. He could see the big truck gaining behind him and he figured the police were probably on their way. He had to act quickly. As he was about to make the next turn Jim began screaming to let him out, but Tom ignored him and kept making quick turns trying to lose the truck. He thought he could hear sirens again, but it was hard to tell over Jim’s piercing screams. They were getting louder.  He had been through this routine of being chased too many times now. He kept making turns though development after development till he looked in the rearview and there was no one behind him. He pulled into a McDonalds and parked between two cars. He took a deep breath when Jim finally stopped screaming and stared at him.
“I’m sorry Tom but I’m leaving now. I’ll turn myself in and take my chances. I can’t live like this.”  Tom watched him reach for the door when he at the same time he heard a knock on his window. He looked up and saw a man and a little girl in his arms waving at him. He rolled down the window.
“Hi, sorry to bother you, but my daughter says you are a famous TV star.”  Tom watched the girl as she stared directly at him. “If you don’t mind my asking what show are you on?  I bet I can guess…she has three favorite shows she watches.”  Tom smiled at them as Jim exited the car and stumbled towards the inside of the McDonalds. He wanted to go after him, but the man and the girl wouldn’t leave. The man asked if they could get a picture, but Tom politely refused and quickly backed out waving at the two of them as they climbed into their car. They both smiled and continued to wave. 
Tom drove around the other side of the restaurant and didn’t see Jim anywhere inside. He figured he was in the restroom. He started to pull into another spot when he saw a police car coming his way. He saw Jim run out the door on the other side and start waving the officer down. Tom couldn’t believe it. He slowly backed out shaking his head and began to drive away. He looked in the mirror and saw Jim pointing at the spot they had been parked in and the man and the little girl were out of their car talking to the officer as well. Tom kept driving and didn’t look back.







Chapter 36

Tom drove for almost an hour before he found a motel. It was located at the end of a strip mall with all the necessary accessories. There was a chain drug store, a knock off grocery store and a sloppy-looking 24-hour diner all within walking distance. Tom pulled around the side of the diner and nudged between two rusty pickup trucks that looked like they had been there a while. 
He walked over to the motel got a room facing the diner and then purchased a plate of scrambled eggs from a middle-aged woman whose face looked as though it had developed a permanent scowl years ago. He loved small towns.
 He scarfed down the eggs and two cups of coffee that tasted much different than Starbucks. As he got up to leave, he felt like everyone’s eyes were glued to him, but when he looked no one was paying any attention to him. It was a weird feeling.
 He wondered what happened to Jim as he entered his motel room. It was a sparse room with a standard queen- sized bed, a small TV, and an old upholstered chair that was at least thirty years old and full of stains. He avoided the chair and chose the olive green wool blanket on the bed instead. There was no remote so he turned the TV on with a worn-out power button and found the local news. He couldn’t believe it. Jim’s picture was plastered all over as a murderer as well as his. The police and the FBI were involved in a multi-state search for him. Tom watched the footage of the house they were held captive in along with the police chief talking about Jim’s confession. Things had gone too far.  He turned the old TV off and pulled out the paper stuffed in his pocket with the address of the guy that Jim killed. He typed in the address on the burner phone and saw he was only about two hours away.
 He knew there was no way he was going to sleep so he headed out to the motel parking lot and hopped in the car. The diner was still full of people. He laid the phone on the passenger seat next to him and followed the directions. It took him over two hours till he arrived in a simple neighborhood that was built during the World War II era. Most of the houses were ramblers with either car ports or garages that had been upgraded over the years. He coasted down through the streets one after another until the voice told him he had arrived. He continued driving past the house and finally stopped a few hundred yards away because there were two police cars parked in the driveway. They were probably trying to dig up more information. He wondered what Jim had told the police. He hoped he wasn’t telling them everything. He remained behind the wheel watching the house when he noticed a metallic green BMW M5 parked in front of the police cars. It wasn’t an unusual car to see, but this one had several antennae’s sticking off the roof. He felt his heart begin to beat rapidly. He had to know. 
He took a deep breath and quietly slipped out the door closing it softly. There didn’t appear to be anyone out on the street and he had safely parked away from the houses under a large tree. He stayed on the side of the road in the shadows and made his way down to the house. He had to know, and once he saw the license plate he did. There was no turning back now. 
He stepped onto the lawn knowing that one bad move could put him back in a cage for the rest of his life, but he kept going. He slowly crawled towards the left side of the house. There was an open window several feet away towards the back of the house. He inched towards it without making a sound and then he crouched down and didn’t move a muscle. He remained in place for several minutes barely taking any breaths. He just couldn’t chance it till he heard what he was waiting for. It was George Mercer’s voice he knew it anywhere. He tried to listen to what they were saying but they were too far away, so he quietly moved back towards the front of the house. He got to the edge of the house when he heard the voices outside near the driveway. He peaked around the corner and saw his boss standing with his back to him talking to who he assumed were two police officers dressed in white shirts and ties. He remained in place and watched as the two cruisers pulled down the driveway followed by George’s BMW. He waited till they were gone before he tiptoed to the front of the house. He wasn’t sure why George would be so interested in a small-time client that was murdered, but George had his hand in everything. 
He snuck around to the front and crossed the driveway and made it to the front door. He checked and it was locked. He thought about kicking it in, but decided on finding an unlocked window and sure enough around the other side he found one. 
He carefully slithered his way into the dark house and landed on a small loveseat placed below the window. Oddly, he felt comfortable breaking into a house, but with all that had happened the last while he wasn’t surprised. He wasn’t even sure what he was looking for, but he knew he had to keep looking. 
The guy had Kaitlyn’s shirt. He hadn’t heard anything about the DNA from the car fire yet, and he was sure the police knew the results by now. He wasn’t sure why they weren’t saying anything on the news, but he figured it was probably a police tactic. He was living on the theory that no news is good news and he was going to keep searching till he heard the final news. He rolled off the love seat and looked around the living room. It was full of modern and expensive furniture and the walls were covered with hunting photographs. There was no sign of anyone else besides the man Jim had killed. He easily recognized him from the photographs. There were several of him posing with large bucks. Tom had never been hunting, but knew some guys really enjoyed it. 
  Tom left the living room and stepped into the kitchen where he saw where the light source was coming from. The light over the stove was on, casting enough light into both the kitchen and living room. The kitchen was filled with up-to-date stainless-steel appliances and looked neat and orderly. Tom opened and closed several drawers not finding anything and moved on to the connecting dining room that housed a large mahogany table and chairs and more photos on the wall of deer and hunters. Tom was about to move on when he saw a picture with George proudly dressed in camos standing next to the same man with a large deer between them. Tom had no idea George was the hunting type. He kept looking at more and more pictures. There were at least twenty of them all with the same man and different deer. He stopped at the last one and instantly recognized the man who had saved him at the beach and kept him hostage. It was so strange staring into the eyes of the man he had trusted and betrayed him. He wondered who he was. He grabbed the picture from the wall as well as the one with George and the other man.
He continued walking towards the first bedroom that contained just a single mattress and an empty dresser. It was obviously not used much because the drawers were empty and the sheets looked as though they hadn’t been slept in. He quickly left that room and headed down the hall to the next bedroom. It was completely black. The light from the kitchen didn’t reach this far. He debated turning the light on or off and finally decided to turn it on. When he did, he took a big step back. It was the master bedroom and the walls were completely covered with mounted deer heads. They were everywhere. He felt like they were watching his every move. He began to make his way around the room looking in drawers, but he couldn’t help looking up at the deer. He started going through the bedside table drawers and was shocked to see more pictures of George with the same man standing outside a large lodge. There were at least ten different pictures. He snatched up each one and put them in his pocket. He was so deeply engrossed that he didn’t hear the car door slam shut outside till it was too late.












Chapter 37 

Tom dropped the edge of the drawer onto the stand making a loud sound when he jumped hearing the voice from down the hall asking who was there. He had nowhere to run. He looked at every possible hiding place in the room but everything appeared too obvious, and the light was on. He wished he hadn’t turned it on. He knew it has been a dumb thing to do. He heard the voice again and knew instantly it was George. He had come back probably because of the light. Tom didn’t answer. There was no way he could confront George. He didn’t want to put him in an awkward position. The police were probably on their way.
Tom quickly darted across the room and killed the light causing the room to become instantly black. He could hear George’s feet slowly coming his way. He figured he was in the dining room or kitchen by now. He had no way out. He looked outside the window and could see the shiny BMW. He was happy there were no police cars yet.
“I know you’re in there. The alarm went off about ten minutes ago.”
Tom cringed. He hadn’t seen or heard any alarm. He didn’t even think about it.
“The police are right behind me, but I’m armed so please come out whoever you are and no one gets hurt.”
George sounded so different. Tom didn’t even know he owned a gun, but after seeing all the hunting pictures...he didn’t answer back. George would recognize his voice right away.
“I’m warning you. If you don’t come out. I’ll have to shoot.”  Tom continued looking around for anything or anyway to escape. The window was large, but it was too high to climb out of in time. He looked at the bathroom, but there was nothing in there. 
He knew George was probably right outside the hallway now. He didn’t know what else to do so he ran back across the room and stood near the light switch and waited. He held his breath and didn’t make any sounds. He thought he could hear George taking deep slow breaths, like he had been trained to kill. He knew the military taught you to use your breathing as a weapon in combat and George had obviously been trained somewhere. 
He realized there was a lot he didn’t know about this guy. He wished he could just call out that it was him, but he couldn’t take the chance. George would probably help him and get him the best lawyer money could buy and make everything good, but he wasn’t going in till he found the truth about Emily and Kaitlyn. He certainly didn’t want to go back to jail. That would come later. He felt tears begin to well up in his eyes, but he ignored them. It seemed like hours till he heard George finally take a step. He heard his foot slide across the carpet just ever so slightly and the rattle of his gun. 
Tom had developed a keen sense of movement since all this had happened. It was like he was a totally different person now. Gone was the relaxed family man, replaced with a wild animal utilizing all its instincts to the maximum effort. 
He waited till the very last second when George finally stepped into the room and hit the light switch causing George to fall back from the sudden bright light.  It was just enough. The gun went off shooting a round into the ceiling and Tom buried his fist into George’s face before he even knew what had happened. He quickly turned the light back off and slammed George one more time and then took off running down the hall and back through the house till he reached his car. He didn’t look back one time. He couldn’t believe what he had just done, but he had no choice and he was sure there was no way George saw his face. He had made sure of that. 
He started the engine and took off down the street losing himself in turn after turn till he was sure he was long gone. He thought he had heard police sirens but they weren’t coming his way. 
He kept driving till he found an all-night fast food restaurant where he parked and went inside the restroom and vomited several times. He had just assaulted the man who had given him everything and was probably the only one who could save him. He finally left and purchased a large Coke and went back to his car. He looked down at his hands as they trembled while he tried to sip the soda. What had he done?  Not only had he hurt his boss and good friend he had also broken into a house. He reached in his pockets and pulled out the photos he had taken and then looked at the car seat next to him and saw the two framed pictures. He had no idea how he had gotten those out of the house. He didn’t know what was happening to him. He finally decided to head back to the motel he had checked into. 
Two hours later, he pulled down the road and saw the familiar 24-hour diner with the seedy motel he was now calling home. He was about to turn in when he saw two unmarked police cars parked in front of his room. He could easily pick them out now. It was like there was a giant arrow pointing directly at them. He gasped and then kept driving.
He drove for hours until he saw the sign for Manny’s. He couldn’t believe it when he saw it. It felt so comforting. He was parked on the far side of the parking lot across from the restaurant. He felt safe here despite knowing there were probably hundreds off law enforcement officers searching for him in different states. He hoped George hadn’t been able to see his face when he punched him last night. It was early morning now and he could see the workers heading about town to their work establishments, many of them probably going to Mercer. 
Tom started the car and drove the two miles to the Mercer parking lot. There were several cars in the parking lot as well as George’s famous BMW X5. He couldn’t believe it. How did he do it?  He imagined all the questions from everyone about what happened to his face, but he knew George would handle it. He was just so smooth and polished. Tom was really surprised he had never made a run into politics. He would be the picture-perfect senator or even higher, though he was the unofficial town mayor. 
Tom watched as a dark SUV pulled in to the lot and parked next to the BMW. He had never seen it before and he knew most of the cars. He watched as two darkly-dressed figures got out. He took a deep breath seeing the Chief and Detective Paulson heading towards the building entrance, probably to discuss what had happened last night.
 A minute later, two Pennsylvania State police vehicles pulled up as well. Tom watched the two tall troopers head to the entrance as well. He immediately thought of the whole Roscoe thing and what happened in the hotel room. He was sure there was no way he had done that, but there was all the evidence. 
He felt his body shudder as he thought about that as well as Emily and Kaitlyn and the car fire that had his name on the rental agreement. He peered into the rearview mirror and wasn’t sure if he was looking at a murderer. He took a good long hard look back at himself. He looked so much different and unrecognizable. His hair was long and unruly. He hadn’t shaved in days and his eyes had lost the life and glare he had been so used to looking at. He didn’t know if he could go on anymore, but he knew he had to at least until he found out what happened to them. If they could prove he had harmed them or was responsible, he would own up to it and turn himself in and take any punishment that was given. But he wasn’t sure. There was no way he could ever do anything to them or Rosco or anyone else for that matter. He continued to stare into his empty eyes until a car parked directly next to him. 
He looked up and saw Mickey Lawrence, Mercer’s on-site attorney getting out of the car and eyeing him curiously. Tom had dealt with him many times with client matters as had most of the other staff at Mercer. He was a Harvard Law grad who George had pulled out of a high-stress law firm where he was ready to jump out of window, so Mickey owed him his life. Just about every employee had a personal story or connection to George and always gave him their upmost loyalty. Mickey had grown into a town leader as well and helped coach many of the baseball teams and had been responsible for most of the success of Mercer Field. 
Mickey was still peering into the car and then quickly took a step back when he recognized Tom. Tom waved back, but Mickey immediately took off running toward the door. Luckily, they were on the other side of the parking lot. Mickey had always been one of those health nut guys who parked as far away as possibly to get as many walking steps as possible. Tom rolled down the window and yelled for Mickey, but he didn’t look back and continued to scurry for the door. 
Tom looked at the police cars and then turned the key and pulled away from the building as fast as he could. He drove down the main street and wasn’t sure where to go till he saw Manny’s again and knew immediately what he had to do. He parked the car behind the Starbucks and quietly shuffled to Manny’s back door. He pounded on the door and a few seconds later Manny opened the door with a large smile on his face. He waved him inside and pulled Tom back into his office. Tom saw the TV and the old desk in the same spot. He felt like he had never left, but so much had happened since he had. He cringed at the sound of sirens passing nearby. They were closing in again.























Chapter 37

“I’m so sorry Manny to come back, but I have nowhere to go…you have to believe me I didn’t do what they are saying.”
“Manny knows. You can stay here as long as you want, but I don’t think it is safe at Manny’s”. Tom watched as Manny locked the office door. “Policeman come and go at Manny’s all day. They even check office once in a while. It is not safe.”
Tom nodded and knew he couldn’t stay.
“You’re father-in-law a crazy man. He’s saying how you doing all this stuff. It is only thing on the news now. Manny tired of watching it.”
“What else is he saying?”  Manny leaned his ear near the office door. 
“He’s saying you are crazy and need to be caught, but Manny doesn’t believe it. Manny thinks your father-in-law is nuts.”
“Thank you, Manny.”  Tom leaned over and gave him a hug.
“You stay here for a minute. Manny be right back.”
Tom nodded and watched Manny carefully slip out the door and locked it behind him. He looked at the newspapers on Manny’s cluttered desk and saw every one of them had Jim’s picture on the front page in hand cuffs being led by policemen. Then below that was Tom’s picture with the word, “Wanted” below it. It reminded Tom of the old wild west. He looked away. 
A minute later, the door opened and Manny stepped in holding a large paper bag. “This is food for you. Your favorite, chicken parm.”  Tom felt a tear well up in his eye. He loved this guy.
“Thank you, Manny. I will leave now. Have you heard anything about George?”
“George Mercer?”  Tom nodded.
“Funny you ask Manny. Mr. Mercer was just in here the other day and he never comes to Manny’s. Not sure why, but he has only come once or twice. He was asking about you and your family. I said I didn’t know. Chief was with him. He was the one who came back here and looked in Manny’s office. I told him to go.”
Tom placed his hand on Manny’s shoulder and apologized and then left quickly out the back door. He snuck back through the parking lot to the car and started it up. He really had nowhere to go and he ended up driving by his house. He was a good distance away but he could see at least one police car and several local news station vans with their antennae poles extending way up in the air reminding him of a harbor full of sailboats with their masts accumulating the horizon. 
He wondered what his neighbors thought. The whole neighborhood and street were in complete chaos he imagined. News stations broadcasting every night in front of his house. He wondered what they would think if they knew he was so close by. He took one last long look as the memories flooded his brain. 
He missed his life so much. If only he could find Emily and Kaitlyn things would be back to normal or maybe they never would be he thought. He didn’t know what to think. He still wasn’t convinced about the car fire, but he maybe it was just grief or his head was really screwed up like Jim had said. He had been so certain it was them. He wondered how Pam, his mother-in-law was taking Jim’s arrest. She was probably beside herself losing everyone in her life. He felt bad for her, but he knew there was nothing he could do. He had to keep going no matter what. He had to find out what had happened to them. 
He thought about being in jail, Roscoe and all the crazy close calls with the police and the crazy guy that tied him up and left them to starve. He turned out of the neighborhood and knew what he had to do next. He drove about an hour till he found a large Walmart.  He browsed through and purchased some clothes and essentials and then he went and picked up a throw-away phone with no other features other than a phone. He paid for his items and then headed out to the parking lot and sat in his car and dialed the number he had for Detective Paulson. As expected, he wasn’t at his desk, but he left a message with a sergeant who promised Paulson would call him back. Sure enough, no more than two minutes later the phone chirped. Tom didn’t recognize the number but he knew how to answer the phone.
“Hello Detective Paulson.”
There was a pause. “Hello Mr. Reynolds. Thank you for calling. Are you ready to come in now like your father-in-law did?  We can set everything up so no one gets hurt anymore.”
“Sorry Detective. I didn’t call to turn myself in. I need some information.”
“Mr. Reynolds, I would love to help you out, but it would be easier if we could do it in person.”
Tom wasn’t sure if they could pinpoint his location, but he wasn’t going to take any chances so he pulled out of the parking lot and drove onto some back roads behind the shopping center. 
“I will come in once I find my family.”
“That’s what I want to talk to you about. If you come in, I’ll show you what we have.”
“You have something?”  Tom felt his excitement perk up as he made a sharp left turn down a road filled with rows of townhouses.
“Unfortunately, we do but I really need you to come in. This isn’t something I want to discuss over the phone.”
Tom tightened his grip on the phone and pulled over in front of one of the rows of houses. “I can’t come in right now. Please tell me what you know.”
“How about I meet you somewhere just me and you?”
“Can’t do that.” Tom quickly snapped back.
“Look you’re a suspect in three murders and possibly an assault.”
“What do you mean three murders?”
“Have you forgotten about your family and Roscoe Winston in Pennsylvania?”
Tom squeezed the phone so hard he thought it was going to break. “I had nothing to do with Roscoe…and you know that.”  Paulson started to mutter something, but Tom cut him off. “What aren’t you telling me about Emily and Kaitlyn?”
There was a long pause. “I shouldn’t be telling you this, but we found your wife’s and daughter’s DNA in the car you rented with the bodies.”
Tom couldn’t speak and he began to feel a tear rolling out of his eye. “Are you sure?”
“Yes, it is over 99.9999% with the DNA. We will get the final report in the next day or two but it is pretty conclusive right now…so you might as well give up and come in. It’s over. I’m sorry. Come in and maybe we can talk about a plea deal for life in prison instead of the needle.”
Tom couldn’t speak or see. His eyes were covered in tears. “Okay.”  He muttered.
“Just tell me where you are and I’ll come get you.”
Sobbing Tom said. “I’m behind our Walmart.”
“Just take it easy Mr. Reynolds. I’ll be right there. My techs can pinpoint your location. Just stay in the car.”
“Okay.”  Tom said again and placed his head in his hands. He ended the call and everything spun out of control. It was over. He rolled down the window and waited for Paulson. 
Chapter 38 

Tom watched as the unmarked Ford pulled up behind his car. It quickly stopped and the front doors opened. Paulson and another large man in a suit stepped out with their weapons aimed at the vehicle. Tom watched in disbelief. He didn’t think it would go down like this. He felt his nerves tighten as they approached his car on the side of the road. It was dark and quiet and there was no one else around. As the officers neared the vehicle, they split up. Paulson went to the driver’s side while the other officer went to the passenger side. Tom watched as Paulson slammed his fist against the hood of the car and looked across at the other officer. Then he reached inside the driver’s door and the trunk popped open. The other officer quickly shut it and shook his head in frustration with Paulson. They both looked all around and then Paulson begin dialing on his cell phone while the other officer searched through the car. 
Tom stayed motionless several hundred yards away behind a thick group of shrubs that he had a cut a small hole through so he could watch. He wasn’t enjoying this. He just had a change of heart before they arrived and knew he wasn’t ready to come in. 
He felt bad for Paulson. He would have probably liked the guy if he wasn’t trying to put him in jail. The other officer finished searching the vehicle and Paulson placed his cell back in his pocket and they both climbed back into the unmarked.  They remained in place, probably trying to figure out what to do next.
 Some thirty minutes later, a large flatbed truck showed up and loaded the car up on the back. Paulson stayed until the truck left and then he slowly pulled away. Tom had no idea what to do now. He had no car and nowhere to go, but he didn’t care anymore because a world without Emily and Kaitlyn was a world he didn’t want to be in.
Paulson drove away in frustration and stepped on the gas when they left the neighborhood causing his fellow detective to eye him nervously. Paulson couldn’t slow down. His emotions were running too high. He had just been duped and he was not happy. He frantically kept dialing the cell number Reynolds had called on but it was powered off and probably discarded. He was headed back to the station and was going to take another run at the father-in-law. He just hoped he could keep his emotions in check this time. 
He arrived at the station in less than twenty minutes. The other detective’s face was flush from anxiety from Paulson driving like a madman.
He stormed into the office and headed directly to interrogation room two where father-in-law Jim, was currently being questioned by another junior detective. Paulson waved him out of the room and sat down opposite Jim. He had to take several deep breaths before he opened his mouth. He watched as the older man sat across from him staring at the ceiling and appeared to be quivering. Paulson looked up when the detective handed him his notes from the earlier interview. Paulson scanned them and then placed them down beside him. He didn’t care. He was going to start from the beginning. He wanted to hear everything with his own ears. He didn’t care what had already been said. He took two more breaths and then was ready to begin.
He stared into the eyes of what appeared to be a very tired man. He had large bags under his eyes and looked as though he hadn’t eaten or slept in days. He was wearing a wrinkled and dirty light blue polo with faded tan chinos. He immediately reminded Paulson of his own father who had passed on several years ago. He was older than Paulson figured, but the man had been through a lot in the last few days. He introduced himself. The man gave a weak and timid handshake that Paulson calmly shook back.
“Thank you for turning yourself in sir.”
“You can call me Jim.”  He had a soft voice.
“Okay Jim.”
“Is it possible for me to call my wife?”
“As soon as we are done that will be no problem. Just answer my questions and we’ll be done in no time.”  Paulson looked down at his notepad where he had scribbled about ten questions. His handwriting was difficult to read but he didn’t need to read it anyway. “Just so you know, your son-in-law called and said he was turning himself in and then we showed up and he was gone. Some kind of stupid joke.”
Paulson watched Jim’s eyes meet his. “Maybe not. I don’t think he is ready to come in. He wants to find out what happened.”
“He knows what happened I told him about Emily and Kaitlyn.”  He watched the man wipe a tear from his eye.
“He doesn’t believe that all the way.”
“We now have way over a 99% probability from the DNA found in the vehicle that it is your daughter and granddaughter. I’m very sorry.”
“I know. I’ve known from the first time I heard it.”
“Are you saying you knew Mr. Reynolds killed them?”
“I’m not saying that…I’m just saying I knew it when I heard the news. I even went to get Tom and brought him there. Remember?”  Paulson nodded. “I had this feeling…you know I just knew.”
“Then why did you and Mr. Reynolds continue eluding us like you did?  We have footage of you guys breaking into Mercer Financial and the body in the house.”
The man looked defeated and closed his eyes. Paulson knew he had him. “We were following a lead from the guy and it was self-defense. He was going to kill us.”
“Really?”  Paulson looked at his notebook. “You were tied up. You and Reynolds, right?”  The man nodded.
“I was able to get loose and I stopped him before he fully drugged Tom and then me. We fought and I hit him with a lamp.”
Paulson stared at the man. “With no disrespect sir…I mean Jim you don’t look like a man that fights.”
“I’m not but it was self-defense.”
















Chapter 39

Tom continued to slowly walk away. He walked back behind several houses and stayed in the outskirts of their yards. He pictured Jim being interrogated by Paulson, but he didn’t care anymore. All he could think about was what Paulson had told him about the DNA matching Emily and Kaitlyn. There was no way he could have done that.
 He sat down on a fence at the end of a yard bordering on thick woods and stared into the trees. He didn’t know what to do, but he knew he had to do something. He felt so empty. It felt like the world had ended and he was left alone to drift in despair. He wished he could have turned himself in, but something forced him not to. He wasn’t sure what it was but something told him to keep going. Maybe, it was the fear of being in that jail again. That had been the worst experience of his life, except for finding out Emily and Kaitlyn were gone. He kept replaying what Paulson had said to him about the DNA in his head. It was true, they were gone and there was nothing he could do about it. 
He quickly snapped his head when he heard nearby footsteps, someone was coming his way.  He watched as two teenage boys walked by. They both slowed when they saw him, then kept walking continuing whatever conversation they were having beforehand. He knew he had to leave before they told their parents there was a strange man in the backyard. 
He slowly walked in the opposite direction the boys were going and made it back to the road where he had pulled over. Everything was quiet and dark like nothing had ever happened. He walked down the side of the road for at least an hour till he saw headlights coming towards him. He stepped into the wood line to get out of sight and watched the car drive by without noticing him. He was getting good at blending in. After several more cars drove by, Tom decided he had enough and powered on the cell phone. It started to ring as soon as it lit up. It was the same number Paulson had called on. Tom reluctantly answered expecting Paulson’s upset voice, but instead it was a female.
“Hi Mr. Reynolds. My name is Officer Brown and I work with Detective Paulson. Please hold for a second because he wants to talk to you.”
Tom knew he was taking a chance but he held, and a second later he heard Paulson.
“You think you are funny Reynolds playing me like that.”  He sounded very agitated.
“I didn’t play you. I changed my mind about coming in.”  Tom knew they would already be tracking the call.
“Now let us come get you. We have your father-in-law right here telling us everything, so you might as well come join him.”
“Not yet. I need to check something first.”
“There’s nothing else to check. Your wife and daughter have been found and unfortunately thanks to you they aren’t alive. Now be a man and turn yourself in.”
Tom clicked the phone off and quickly dialed another number he had memorized at Manny’s earlier. He continued to walk till he saw the Walmart then went to the corner of the parking lot and waited.
Paulson slammed the phone onto the desk and stared down Officer Brown, a rookie who had been assigned to him and walked back into Interrogation room number 2. 
“Your son-in-law just hung up on me. What’s wrong with you people?  Can’t you just own up to things you have done. Let’s talk about this guy you say you killed in self-defense.”  Paulson shook his head in anger.
“I really did. He would’ve killed us both.”
“And you are really sure about that?  You sure you aren’t just covering for Reynolds. He killed all those other guys. Did he tell you about Roscoe Winston? Or did he forget to mention that too?”
“He told me. He said he had no recollection.”  
Paulson stood up and leaned over the man. “Just like he has no recollection of what happened to your daughter and granddaughter or the rental car. Did he tell you we found the rental slip with not only his name but also his signature?”  Paulson watched the man begin to crumble. He slammed his fist on the table. He knew he had to get his temper under control or he was going to do something he would regret. He stepped outside the room for a minute leaving the old man with his hands covering is face. It was just the way he wanted him. He took a couple of deep breaths then headed back inside. He could see tears under the man’s eyes.
“Can I just see my wife?”
“When were done here.”  Paulson felt bad for the guy. He knew Reynold’s had roped him into helping him and he was caught up in the whole thing. He had no intention of charging him with anything he just wanted to get every piece of information that would help him catch Reynolds. He spent the next two hours discussing everything from the time of Reynold’s wedding to when he first came by their home when he said his wife was missing. Paulson finally let the man go and watched him walk out of the station with support from his wife who he was hanging onto. There was nothing else he could offer.


Chapter 40   

Tom slipped into the backseat of the cab when it pulled up. He knew where he had to go and gave the driver the address. After about an hour, they pulled onto the same street Tom had punched George in the face and escaped. It was the house of the man that Jim had killed. Tom had to get back in the house. He felt like the answer was in there somewhere. He just didn’t have enough time earlier because George had chased him away. He waved to the cab as it left he street. The cab driver had been happy with the large fare and even larger tip Tom had given him. 
He slowly crept down the side of the road. He figured there would be surveillance on the house and sure enough, parked directly across the street was a white panel van with a man seated in the front seat. He was holding a newspaper up in front of him, but his eyes were angled towards the front of the house. Tom stayed hidden and observed the driver for a while. He would put the newspaper down every few minutes and look up and down the street and at the house and then back to the paper again. He watched and waited as the man performed this routine several more times and then he made his move. 
Tom crossed the road quickly and ran through the next-door neighbor’s yard. He had to be careful. He didn’t want to set off an alarm again. He slowly approached the house from behind and peered in several of the windows. He was sure no one was inside. He took a step back and looked all around the back of the house till he got an idea. He wasn’t sure it was going to work, but he had no choice. He wasn’t going to just enter.
 He found a rock about the size of his fist and hurled it through one of the windows. Tom ran back to the edge of the yard and waited. He hid behind a large row of shrubbery that would be impossible for anyone to see him. It was still light out, but dusk was beginning to move in. He waited several hours and no one appeared. He was convinced either the alarm was off or George had come back due to seeing the light he had turned on and not the alarm. 
Tom slowly made his way back to the broken window and carefully reached in and unlocked it without cutting himself. He pulled himself in and landed in the hallway off the dining room leading to the bedrooms. It was almost the same spot, he had attacked George. 
He still felt bad about that, but one day he figured he would apologize and George would understand. George was that kind of guy. He had been in the house to help one of his clients. He always went way above and beyond. Tom didn’t realize he would go this far for his clients, but nothing George did surprised him. He had always come to every birthday party for Kaitlyn with a giant stuffed animal that he personally had picked out. It was always Kaitlyn’s favorite gift every year. 
He slowly walked back through the dining room and glanced at the pictures on the wall. He recognized the guy who Jim had killed and George in several of the pictures again. He looked at the others as well, but didn’t see anyone or anything else of interest. He walked into the kitchen and looked out the window towards the road. He could see the man in the van still holding up his newspaper and not paying attention to the house. 
Tom slowly turned away and headed back towards the dining room and down the hallway towards the bedrooms. He felt some anxiety as he stepped back into the master bedroom with the deer heads looking down upon him. He tried to ignore them and look around. He had turned on the phone earlier without the cell connection and was using the screen as a light. It was almost completely black inside the room, but he could see enough with the phone light. He scanned all the walls and examined more pictures with the same people in them. 
He stopped at one that showed George standing in front of a large hunting lodge all by himself. It resembled a log cabin. Tom couldn’t believe it. He had never seen this and wondered where George kept it hidden. He studied the picture and saw a mailbox with the name Mercer on it and a number stenciled in. He had been in George’s office many times and had never seen a picture of the house or of him hunting or anything outdoors. 
He figured there was a reason George didn’t share his hunting enthusiasm. It probably had something to do with one of his clients who was against it or something. George was all about the clients and employees. In all the years he had been there, he had only known a few employees who had decided to leave the firm. Most would stay and enjoy the nice paycheck and environment. There was a rumor that George had caught one of them stealing money from the clients and he was let go instantaneously and paid off not speak of it. George was all about reputation. Reputation was what he had built his empire on and he stressed that was the most important thing of all. 
Tom pulled the picture off the wall and studied it using the phone light. George looked so proud standing in front of a large buck. He almost laughed to himself thinking about the ruckus he could cause if he brought this picture back to the office. He was about to leave, but decided to pocket the picture. He removed the fasteners releasing the picture from the frame and when he did, a small photograph fell to the floor. Tom reached down and picked it up. When he looked at the picture, he couldn’t believe it. It was a picture from the last Mercer Financial family picnic of Tom, Emily and Kaitlyn.






Chapter 41 

Tom left the house through a back door and crept back into the backyard and waited behind the same row of shrubs he had hid behind before. It was completely dark outside and he knew there was no way he could be seen. He waited about an hour or so just to be sure no one came around. He slowly crept up, still clutching the picture of his family and George’s hunting lodge. He wondered why the man had the picture. He didn’t remember seeing him at the picnic, but there were hundreds of people there. He was just surprised George would allow a client to the picnic. When he said family, he meant family only and no business. George was like that. He never liked to mix work with pleasure at least around his employees. 
Tom jumped when he heard the footsteps behind him. He looked back and saw the same man from the van shining a flashlight at the open window and door. Tom had forgotten to close them. He slowly bent back down and hid behind the shrubs. He watched the man as he dialed a number on his phone. Tom couldn’t hear him, but he was talking very angrily. The man pulled out a weapon and slowly walked towards the open door. Tom didn’t dare make a move. The man stepped into house then quickly turned around when his phone rang. He crouched down and held the phone to his ear for a minute without saying a word. Tom waited and watched as the man slowly walked towards a large tree and stepped behind it. 
He remained in that position for about thirty minutes till Tom saw two beams of light protrude from around the right side of the house. Someone was coming. The man raised his weapon and aimed it at the lights then immediately lowered it when the people came into view. Tom knew who they were right away. 
One was the Chief of Police and the other George Mercer. The Chief had his sidearm out and George was holding a large hunting rifle like an infantryman would hold it. Tom held his breath. He watched as they slowly entered the back door led by the Chief and George right behind him.
 A minute later, he could see three beams of light flashing through the house like a group of fireflies on a summer night. Eventually, the lights came on inside and Tom was sure they had found out he had been in the bedroom. He waited a while longer and watched the three men come back out the back door and examine the broken window. He could hear George’s voice as he yelled at the man who had been in the van. The Chief examined the window with his flashlight and shook his head. The man who had been in the van stood and listened as he was being chastised. He would look up and around the yard every so often. Tom felt his nerves tighten as the Chief walked the perimeter of the yard with is large flashlight. He got about halfway when his cell phone rang and he quickly walked back to George who immediately took the phone and began talking very loudly.  
Tom couldn’t believe George was so involved. He was so different from how he was in the office and at town functions. He was a man usually so composed, but out here he could see the tension in his movements and voice. Tom figured he must have been a very close client. He knew he had to get on another computer and figure out who the man really was and what he had to do with George. Tom felt the photographs in his pocket. He still felt chilled from finding his family photo behind the picture. Tom remained in place and watched.  Two more men he had never seen before entered the back yard. They were both military - law enforcement types with crewcuts and muscular builds. They went directly to George who pointed at the window and the door. 
About ten minutes later, George and the Chief along with the van driver disappeared towards the front of the house leaving the two muscular men to guard the back of the house. They each sat on lawn chairs holding pistols in their laps. Tom knew he had no chance of leaving, so he remained in place trying to make himself as comfortable as possible. It was going to be a long night. 
For the next several hours, he didn’t move and just watched the two men get up every so often and walk around the yard. Neither of them ever came close to him, but he felt his nerves jump every time they walked by. 
He wondered what was so important inside the house that they were guarding and why was George so involved.  At some point Tom fell asleep curled up on the ground and awoke with the sun beaming down on his eyes. His clothes and face were moist from the morning dew. He quietly rolled over expecting one of the men to be holding a gun over him, but instead he saw nothing. 
He sat up and looked at the house and the two men were gone and the broken window was covered with a piece of cardboard. Tom stretched his arms and legs and slowly stood up making sure no one was around. After being convinced that he was alone, he walked away from the house and into another yard behind him. He stayed near the edges and found a residential road nearby. He felt for his wallet and the phone and was happy he had both. He still had some cash left, but he was running low and he knew he had to get a plan or he was going to run out of money and have no food or anywhere to go. He decided to take a chance and powered on the phone and called the same cab company. He instructed them of his location and ten minutes later he jumped in the back of a cab. 
It felt good to be inside the vehicle and out of the elements. He was never really an outdoors type of guy. He always preferred the comforts of controlled heat and air. The driver eyed him curiously. Tom wasn’t familiar with the area, so he asked the driver, a man in his early twenties with a full mop of blond hair covering his eyes to take him to the nearest shopping plaza. The man nodded and made a few turns and about fifteen minutes later they pulled into a large parking lot with grocery stores and restaurants reminding Tom of the plaza with Manny’s. Tom paid and thanked the driver who drove away shaking his head.

Paulson was waiting outside the Chief’s office sitting across from his assistant, when the office door opened and George Mercer dressed impeccably in a light gray suit emerged and nodded at Paulson. Paulson waved back. 
A minute later, the Chief motioned for Paulson to enter. It was a large office, the kind a CEO might have in a corporate building. There was a big polished mahogany desk and matching conference table with six high-backed plush leather chairs that the chief pointed at. Paulson sat down and the chief sat opposite him. The room was decorated with modern art paintings that Paulson had never heard of or couldn’t understand. He figured George Mercer probably had a lot to do with the design. The chief was tall and slim with short-cropped dark hair that Paulson figured was colored. He was always dressed neat and never had a wrinkle or tie out of place.
“Okay detective, please tell me the status of Mr. Reynolds. I’m taking a lot of heat from the press and the townspeople. Mr. Mercer just left here and offered to pay any and all overtime out of his own pocket.” 
 The Chief always addressed all the officers by their position or rank and made sure he was always addressed as Chief. That was the way he operated and always had. He had been the chief since Paulson had come on the force.  There was never any doubt that he would ever retire. Paulson guessed he had to be in his late sixties by now, but he didn’t look it and as long as he had George Mercer’s support, he would be there as long as he wanted.
“We are searching every possible lead we can follow Chief.”
“It’s not good enough. This man is suspected of four murders already and the press is now saying he may be responsible for a bunch of unsolved murders up and down the east coast. They’re making him out like he’s a serial killer…our serial killer.”
Paulson hadn’t heard about the unsolved murders and Reynold’s connection. He couldn’t remember the last time he had read a newspaper or even seen the news. He never had the time for that type of thing. It was always about the case he was working on. He had tunnel vision until it was solved. “I’ve got guys going up and down his street and his office and anywhere else he is associated with.”
“Thank you for your hard work. I just want to make sure we’re the ones that catch him not Pennsylvania or anywhere else where he killed someone. I want him tried here for his daughter and wife. We have it confirmed the DNA was from the little girl, right?”
Paulson nodded. “Yep, I received an email earlier that it is more than ten billion to one that it is hers, so there is no doubt. It is her DNA. That is definite.”  The chief’s eyes squinted. “I almost had him yesterday. He called to turn himself in and then when we arrived he got cold feet.”
“I understand it is difficult Detective. I still want to know how he got away from two veteran law enforcement officers in his own house. I find that repulsive and inexcusable. You should know better with all your years of experience.”
“Yes Sir. I should have done better.”
“We’ll deal with that later. I want you to tell me what I can do to help you…”
Paulson felt his phone start buzzing. “Can you excuse me Chief?”  Paulson watched the Chief nod. He pulled out his pone and saw the message that Reynolds had just used his phone to call a cab and they had tracked him down to about an hour away. “We just got a lead Chief. I need to go. Reynolds just took a cab to a shopping center less than an hour away.”
“Go…and keep me posted. I want this over soon detective.”
Paulson waved and ran out the door to his car. A minute later, he was running code with his sirens and lights flashing. Everything was a blur around him.












Chapter 42   

Tom headed directly to the Water Falls National Bank and withdrew five hundred dollars. He felt good about having money again and he fingered the cash before placing it in his wallet. 
He then walked to a pizza restaurant next door and ordered a large sandwich and drink that took him less than five minutes to consume. He couldn’t believe how hungry he was. He knew he needed to eat more and take better care of himself. 
There was a small motel only a few hundred yards away that he causally walked over too.  He handed over cash, happy that there were still motels out there that lived for cash. He was directed towards a small dainty room that smelled as though it had been cleaned with rotten vegetables, but Tom didn’t care. He was just pleased to have somewhere to settle. He immediately stripped off his clothes and let the hot water from the shower steam over his body. He couldn’t remember the last time a shower felt this good. He remained under the water for at least twenty minutes and felt refreshed upon exiting the shower despite the filth on the shower floor. 
He had lost his tablet sometime over the last few days, but he knew he needed to learn more about the man who had hid his family’s picture behind the photo of George. Tom placed both photos on the bed. 
He clearly remembered that family picnic. It was last year’s. George always had a theme at every picnic, and last year had been Hawaiian. Everyone was dressed in Hawaii shirts and at the end of the picnic George pulled a lucky ticket out of a basket and the winner got to go to Hawaii for a week on the company’s dime. Jim Donaldson had been the lucky winner. He was young and new to Mercer, but he had a family of four and he had heard they had a great time. Tom had won a thousand dollars at a picnic ten years ago that he and Emily used for a weekend getaway to Boston before Kaitlyn was born. He really missed his old life. He was still waiting for the nightmare to end and he would wake up like nothing had ever happened. He stared at the picture for a long time trying to travel in time through his mind and enjoy the picnic again. 
Several hours later, he decided to head out and find a computer or access to one. He walked down to the pizza restaurant again and inquired if there was a library or computer store nearby. The hostess told him there was a small library a few miles away that she thought had computers he could use. Tom reluctantly powered on the phone again despite knowing he was taking a big risk. He figured the police wouldn’t be able to track him if he only had it on for a few minutes. 
He called the same cab company and waited out front of the restaurant. It was a nice day out, not too hot or cold and Tom found a bench in front where he could sit and wait. There weren’t many people out, despite it being afternoon. He had no idea what day of the week it was anymore. 
Everything was just a whirlwind. He just wanted to find out everything before he went to the police and turned himself in. If he was going to sit in a jail cell the rest of his life, he needed to know the who and why these people had done this to him. He was pretty sure it was strictly for the reward money he and Jim had posted, but he wanted to make sure there was no ulterior motive. There were just too many strange circumstances starting from when he was in jail. 
Nothing made any sense, especially the part about him taking his own wife and daughter’s life, but he had seen the pictures and evidence so he knew it was real. He would never forgive himself for what he had done, no matter how awful is prison sentence or death sentence would be. Whatever the punishment he was given, it would never be enough. 
He watched as the cab pull up in front of him and he stood up and entered the backseat. It was a different driver, an older man with short gray hair spiked up on top of his head. Tom told him to take him to Water Fall’s local library.

Paulson was driving so fast he was passing cars without even seeing them. He couldn’t slow down. There was no way he was letting him get away this time. He was about ten minutes away when he received another call that Reynolds had used the phone again. He had called the same cab company. He hadn’t found out where he was going, but he knew he was close despite Reynolds being on the move again. 
He would get him this time. Like the Chief said, there was no excuse for letting him get away before and Detective Paulson didn’t make the same mistake twice, not now and not ever. He smiled when he saw the small exit sign for the town of Water Falls. He slowed the cruiser down to a normal speed as he approached the exit. He knew his detectives were behind him. They had called ahead to let the Water Falls Police Department know what was going on. Paulson laughed when he thought of the three on-duty patrol man, one of them the Chief, getting excited knowing there might be a major fugitive in their town. There biggest excitement on most days was probably a speeding ticket.
          Paulson pulled off the exit that led him right to the spot the cab driver had dropped Reynold’s off at. There was a restaurant, a motel for travelers, a few stores and a bank, just like any small town in America would be composed of. Paulson went directly to the bank because they had received a call that he had withdrawn money from his own bank. Paulson turned off the lights and siren and barreled into the small bank. 
There were none of the usual security devices that all the banks he frequented had. There was no glass between the tellers and the customers and he didn’t see any cameras, but he hoped that wasn’t the case. 
He walked up to a tall man in a three-piece faded brown suit with hair so slicked back he looked like he belonged in a fifties gangster movie. Paulson held out his badge and a picture of Reynolds. The man took a long hard look and let him know Reynolds had been in there earlier. He asked if he had any cameras and the manager pointed at two over the teller’s stations that Paulson didn’t notice before. 
They walked back into the back and Paulson viewed the footage and grabbed the memory stick the video had been recorded on. He couldn’t believe how disheveled Reynolds had looked in the video. He looked like he hadn’t slept or showered in weeks. Gone was the clean-cut appearance of a successful money manager. He understood why the manager had taken so long to identify him from the picture on his phone. 
Paulson could feel the excitement growing inside him. He was close. He could feel it. He was moving in and Reynold’s days as a free man were coming to an end. He loved this part of a case. He exited the bank and headed towards the restaurant. 
It was one of those pizza places that every town had with fans spinning on the ceiling and flies trying to land on the pizza. It reminded him of Manny’s. He seldom ever went in there. It wasn’t that he didn’t like pizza, it was just something about Manny that bothered him. Maybe it was the sad face or the fake smile every time someone ordered something. He had spent some time in there the other day after learning Manny and Reynolds were close. He even questioned the old man about his missing car for hours, but he claimed he didn’t know anything about it. Paulson knew he was lying and even when he brought up the aiding of a fugitive the man wouldn’t budge so he finally gave up. 
He entered the restaurant and looked closely at every face just in case Reynolds happened to be in there. He knew the guy had to eat. He found the manager and got the same response from the bank. Reynolds had already come and left. The next stop was obvious and it was clear Reynolds didn’t know that he had given his location away with that phone. He went to the motel and entered the small little office where and elderly couple was seated behind the desk watching “I Love Lucy” reruns. After a little fight, they finally gave up his room number and Paulson let out a long sigh. He quickly went to room twelve.
 He took a deep breath and stuck the key in the lock and held his sidearm out with his other hand. He was sure he had him, but as soon as stepped in the room he knew it was empty. He quickly checked the bathroom and closet knowing Reynolds wasn’t there, but he was sure he was coming back. He could still smell the steam from a hot shower as it permeated out from the bathroom. The mirror was still covered with fog. Reynolds had just left. Paulson made the decision that he would stake out the motel till Reynolds came back. He left the room and returned the key to the couple who barely looked up from the old TV. 
He returned to his car and parked on the other side of the lot, far away from the room between a minivan and a pickup truck. He could clearly see the room over the pickup’s bed and he was prepared to wait no matter how long it took. 
He had done many stakeouts over the years and always requested them by himself. He just didn’t care for all the chatter and small talk to fill time. He would rather be alone with his own thoughts about what he was going to do when he saw the suspect. Paulson was planning his action. He planned out every possible direction he could come from and even the possibility if he made him. He was ready. He had no idea how long he would have to wait and his stomach had already started to growl but he couldn’t move. He would wait it out.



















Chapter 44

Tom sat down in front of the row of desktop computers. There were at least twenty of them and no more than five or six people. The library was crowded, but most of the other people were reading books or staring into their cell phones. Tom didn’t have to wait long to get on the computer, but he had to give a name. He gave Paulson’s. 
He pulled up Google and began his search on everything he could about the man who Jim had killed. His name was Justin Morris and he was apparently a well-known person in the area due to his father. 
His father, Thomas Morris, was the CEO of a large plastics company in town and was considered local royalty. Tom continued to click and very quickly found the connection to George Mercer. Thomas was a large client of George’s. Tom had never heard of him and didn’t see anything about him when he had read George’s files. There was a lot of press about him. Some good, some bad. Apparently, he had made his fortune by stiff-arming many small businesses and people to get the company where it is today. He had started the company with George’s help many years ago. 
One article described how two men starting from nothing had taken the world by storm with George’s, Mercer and Morris’s, manufacturing company. Tom clicked through more pictures and kept seeing George in many of them. There were a few showing both men standing outside George’s cabin and in front of a large mansion that Tom figured was Morris’s. 
He froze when his eyes landed on the familiar face of the man that had kidnapped him from the beach. He was Thomas Morris’s other son, Matthew. He read that both boys were going to be the heir to the company when their father said it was time, but as far as Tom could tell it was no time soon. They were both currently running operations inside the company learning it from inside out and waiting for their time. Tom wondered if kidnapping was part of the operation as well. He knew he needed to learn everything he could about them before it was time to give up. He continued his search and found two addresses that he scribbled down. He knew where he had to go next. 
He decided to take a quick look at the headlines back home and stopped breathing when he saw Emily and Kaitlyn’s picture with the storyline that the DNA had been confirmed and funeral arrangements were being made. Tom turned away, unable to read the story. He composed himself and skimmed through the rest of the site and saw countless pictures of himself from some security camera that made him look awful. Under each picture were the words “armed and dangerous”. It gave him the chills. 
He quickly closed the browser window and looked away from the screen. He had enough. He couldn’t get the picture of Emily and Kaitlyn out of his mind. He tried to close his eyes but they were still there. He couldn’t accept the fact that they were no longer alive. He felt tears begin to run down his cheeks but he didn’t care, he remained in place with his eyes closed till he felt a tap on his shoulder. He jumped when he looked up and saw the woman who had signed him in to use the computer ask if he was okay. He said he was and thanked her. He stared at the two addresses written on the small piece of paper in his hand until the woman returned to the desk.  
Paulson remained in the car when his phone began to buzz. They had intercepted another call and Reynolds had taken another fare with the same cab company to the local library and was believed to be currently inside. He punched the address into his GPS and pulled out of the parking lot so quickly he scared two men unloading a truck that they nearly fell off. He pulled onto the main road and sped with his lights and sirens blaring. His phone continued to buzz but he ignored it. Less than ten minutes later, he pulled in front of the library. It was a large one-story brick building with dark windows and a giant American flag flying out front. It had probably been built in the mid twentieth century and had been renovated at some point like so many other government buildings. 
Paulson killed the lights and slowly stepped out of the car. He knew he had to be careful not to scare Reynolds. He had already lost him once and he wasn’t about to lose him again. He also wanted him alive and unharmed. He hated when suspects were killed at the scene or in capture. He knew it wasn’t always unavoidable but he felt like it was the easy way out for the criminal. They needed to face their punishment and victims, though in this case the victims were no longer alive. 
He slowly walked to the double steel doors and pushed a large blue button and watched the doors as they opened. He let an older woman walk out as he waited. He was in no rush, despite all the excitement he could feel inside him. He always felt this way, when he was close. 
He would watch other officers celebrate their retirement like it was the best day of their lives. They would be drinking and partying all night long, but not Paulson. He would always sit in the corner and feel sorry for the officer. This was what it was all about. He dreaded his day and knew catching Reynolds would certainly put him in good graces again with the Chief. 
He took a step in the lobby and jumped when he heard a loud piercing siren coming from behind him. He looked back and two local police cruisers pulled in front of the library blocking his car. The two officers jumped out holding their pistols on their sides. He held out his badge and waved for them to stay back, but they didn’t stop. Paulson felt his anger burning through his veins as the officers approached him.
“What are you doing?”  He yelled at the closest one. He was tall, in his forties and somewhat overweight, but had a look in his eyes that Paulson had seen way too many times in a rookie.”
“Were here to assist in the apprehension of your suspect.”  The officer looked behind him as the second officer approached and stopped right beside him. He was younger and fitter and had two chevrons on his sleeve.
“Is there a back door in this place?”  Paulson asked.
Both shrugged their shoulders.
“Well go find out.”  Paulson barked. They both looked at each other and then back at Paulson and then headed towards the back. 
Paulson shook his head and walked into the lobby of the library. It reminded him of the police station back home with the same white-colored cinder blocks covering the walls and information posters hanging everywhere. He made his way through the lobby and into the main part of the library. There was a large desk with several women seated behind it all curiously eyeing him as well as many of the patrons looking up from their books and phones. Paulson did a quick scan and didn’t see Reynolds anywhere. To his left was the new release section where several people were standing and to his right was the children’s section, but no Reynolds. He kept his hand firmly on his sidearm despite it being holstered and concealed. He didn’t want to alarm anyone any more than needed. He slowly stepped forward and saw a bank of computers on the other end of the library that were occupied by several men with their backs to him. He slowly moved in that direction. 
He tightened the grip on his firearm as he made his way across the large room. He could still feel all the eyes upon him. Paulson instinctively touched his cuffs tucked in the back of his waistband. It was something he always did. He didn’t want to pull his weapon, but he knew if Reynolds made a run for it, he would. He could only imagine the outburst from the librarians with a man with a gun. He knew he should have identified himself as law enforcement when he first entered the library, but he didn’t want to draw any extra attention. 
He was looking forward to the ride back with Reynolds. It was always fun watching the suspect struggle to not say anything. Paulson would remain silent and in a matter of minutes Reynolds would be singing, they all did. He closed in on the computer section and released his weapon from its holster keeping it hidden under his shirt. He continued his scan searching every area and every person he could see. As far as he could tell, no one knew he was a police officer and no one had alerted anyone to anything. 
He figured Reynolds would be seated in a corner reading a newspaper or on one of the computers trying to get information on the case. He was shocked when he checked all the patrons on the computers and didn’t see him. He would check with the librarians later. He continued walking to the other side, it was still a good fifty yards of shelves, nooks and crannies. He carefully stepped between the shelves and looked thoroughly at each person seated in the plush comfortable reading chairs dispersed throughout the library. He was about to take a turn down another aisle when he heard a loud ringing alarm to his left. 
 Paulson ran in the direction of the sound and a minute later he came to a door equipped with an alarm if it is opened. He started yelling to anyone who could hear if they saw someone go out the door. No one responded. Paulson ran out the door and looked in both directions and didn’t see anything but thick woods every direction he looked. He slammed his fist against the glass and began to knock loudly on the door till one of the police officers he had seen before opened it up.
“What are you doing in here?  Why aren’t you out back?”  Paulson screamed at the taller one.
“We checked and it was secure.”
“So, you just left?”
“No, Thompson is supposed to be out here. I came to help you inside.”  Paulson quickly stepped back outside and began to look around for the other officer.
“Where was he?”
“Right here by the door…not even two minutes ago.”
“Didn’t you just hear the door alarm go off. Reynolds just ran out here. Let’s get into those woods. Can you get me more help?”
“We only have three officers on duty per shift plus the chief.”
“Then get the Chief. We need everyone we can get. Let’s go.”  Paulson ran into the woods. He was so mad he felt like he was going to blow apart any minute. His only hope was the other officer had him, but he highly doubted that. 
He slowly walked through the thick brush looking behind every tree, but after about ten minutes he knew it was hopeless. Reynolds was gone again. He kicked a small tree at the base and watched it sway back and forth. About five minutes later, another officer who introduced himself as the Chief approached him. He was in his late fifties with a thick mustache and graying hair. He had a soothing calm voice and informed Paulson they had found Thompson on a road about a half mile from their current location. He had pursued Reynold’s by foot through the woods, injured his knee and lost his radio. He had informed him Reynolds had gotten away. Paulson turned around and headed back towards the library ignoring the Chief who was still apologizing. Paulson didn’t want to hear anything from anyone.
Chapter 45

Tom slipped behind a group of large bushes and caught his breath. He had no problem outrunning the overweight and out of shape officer who had pursued him. He had just been surprised to have seen Paulson in the library. He figured it had to have been the cell phone. He threw it somewhere deep in the woods way back while he was running away. He was lucky he had gone to the water fountain to get a drink when he saw the tall uniformed officer searching the library. He had watched him speak with the librarian and then she had pointed towards the computer where Tom had been sitting. That’s when he knew they were looking for him. He immediately headed towards the emergency exit and saw Paulson with his back to him. He sprinted out the back door and was caught by surprise seeing an officer standing out there, but he had no problem outrunning him. 
He had no idea what he was going to do now, but he knew he had to get as far away as possible from this town and Paulson. He had passed a bus terminal on the way over to the library but he figured Paulson and his guys would be watching that. He had to get a means of transportation. 
He ended up was walking down a street in a neighborhood of older homes built early in the last century. He cautiously walked down the side of the road to avoid any suspicious phone calls to police about a strange man in the neighborhood. 
He had been looking forward to a good night’s sleep in the motel and another meal in the restaurant, but that was all gone now. He wished he had thought of the phone before, but it was too late now. 
He walked by ten houses or so and each one of them appeared to be occupied. He was about to give up till he saw the last house on the street on the left-hand side. It was dark and there were no cars on the driveway, but there was one in the carport. He had to be sure no one was home. He couldn’t believe he was acting like a burglar now casing houses. There was no way he was going into an occupied house. He wasn’t that brazen, at least not yet. 
He slowly snuck up through the yard and quickly disappeared around the back. He couldn’t believe he was doing this, but he had no choice.  If he remained out on the street he would be caught, that he knew. He crept up to the closest window in that back and peered inside. Everything was dark and he didn’t see anyone. He felt his nerves tighten up as he thought about what he was about to do. He went around to the front door and knocked. No one came, but he continued knocking till he was sure no one was going to answer. This was it. There was no going back. 
He went around the back and remembered what he had done the other night. He found a rock and heaved it through the large window. It made a loud crashing sound as it landed inside the house. He ran for the wood line and remained in place. No alarms and no people. 
He waited for about thirty minutes till he felt it was safe and reached in and opened the window. He hoisted himself through and landed in the middle of a lavish living room. There was furniture everywhere. People lived here and would be coming back. He searched around the living room and ventured into the kitchen and saw three hooks, two were empty and one had a set of keys hanging on it. He was in luck. He grabbed the keys and ran out the door that led to the carport and started up the older model light blue Honda Accord. He took a deep breath when it started right away and backed down the driveway. There were no other houses close enough to see the driveway, but he still felt as though every eye was watching him. 
He carefully drove out of the neighborhood and headed the other direction. He had no idea where he was headed, but the gas gauge was half full so he kept going. He couldn’t believe how easy it was for him to commit crimes. He would have never thought he was capable of this before. He hoped the people were away on vacation and wouldn’t report the crime for a little while, but he wasn’t going to take any chances. He had to find something and ten minutes later, he passed the same plaza with the motel and restaurant. He kept driving. 
About an hour later, he found a large gas station and filled up and purchased one of the cheap smartphones behind the counter. He had to pay an upfront fee for the data and cell usage but it was worth it. A minute later, he had the address of Mathew Morris, the eldest son of Thomas Morris and the one who had kidnapped him from the beach. He entered it into the built-in GPS. He decided to lay low for a while to make sure Paulson was out of the area, so he checked for motels and found a small non-descript place a few miles away. He knew it was risky, but he needed a place to stay. He couldn’t risk being in a stolen car too much longer. He parked the car at a small grocery store down the road and checked in after purchasing a few items.  
The place appeared to be at most one step up from living on the streets, but at least the door locked and he had a TV. He knew he only had limited data on the phone and it was slow, so he browsed the different channels until he saw his face being broadcast on the news that he may be in the area. He went and pulled out the supplies he had purchased.
Paulson made it back to the station in less than an hour and passed several officers while walking in without saying a word or even a nod. He was in no mood for conversation and placed his head in his hands at his desk and thought about how bad things were. He had lost his suspect twice. Never, had he ever even come close to being outsmarted or outplayed by anyone and now a white-collared financial planner had skimmed him twice. He was furious. 
He pulled up the Mercer Financial page and read Reynold’s bio several times.  He read about his education, his family life and his love for sports and recreation. Nowhere was there any mention of military, law enforcement or any past criminal experiences. Paulson even searched the FBI databases and found nothing, not even a speeding ticket. He couldn’t understand how this guy was outsmarting him and getting away. He stared into the computer screen and pulled up all the information on Tom’s wife, Emily. She was from a small family in Pennsylvania and had no criminal record or anything either. He remembered his conversations with her father in the interrogation room and he had seemed clean and had no record either. Paulson had even let him go. He figured they would sort it all out later after he brought in Reynolds. 
He wasn’t sure where to look anymore. He knew he had to get back to the town of Water Falls again because Reynolds was surely in that area somewhere, but he had to leave after being frustrated by the police letting him get away. Paulson knew it was really his fault, but right now it was easier to blame someone else. He figured he would get a team together and head back out there in another hour or so. 
He picked up the phone and dialed the Water Falls Chief’s number and spoke to him for about five minutes letting him know that Reynolds was probably still in the area and he should continue searching. The Chief apologized at least ten more times and let Paulson know they hadn’t stopped the search after he had left and were continuing to look everywhere. He said they were checking the browser history on the computer he was using. Paulson thanked him and said he would be back there in a little bit. 
He went to get a cup of coffee from the small break room when his cell phone buzzed and it was his chief. He slammed the cup down on the counter spilling the hot coffee on his hand and wrist, but he didn’t even feel the pain. He had become numb. He headed for the Chief’s office and was ushered right in. He was surprised to see George Mercer seated in one of the two high back leather chairs in front of the Chief’s desk.
“Come in Detective and please have a seat.”  The Chief pointed at the identical chair next to Mercer’s.
Paulson said hello to both men and waited for the Chief to speak. “Detective, Mr. Mercer has agreed to give us whatever we need in finding Reynolds. He will help you in any way.”  Paulson looked at Mercer who nodded. 
“As you know Tom works or worked at Mercer before all of this happened, so I feel it is my responsibility to contribute however I can.”
“Thank you, Mr. Mercer. We are closing in on him as we speak.”  Paulson wanted to take Reynolds himself. It was no longer just a case to him anymore. It had become his quest.
“I understand you almost had him at the library but he got out the back door.”  The Chief said.
“Yes, I would have had him if it hadn’t been for the two locals that were helping me. They alerted Reynolds…”  Paulson turned his head and looked at Mercer as he spoke.
“I think that is where I can assist you Detective. I have many connections in that area and know it very well.  I understand the Water Fall’s officers probably aren’t used to apprehending suspects such as Tom. I will make sure you have the best officers with you at all times.”
“I appreciate that Mr. Mercer, but I feel I work best by myself.”
“I understand and we won’t be in the way. You just tell us where we need to be and we’ll be there.”
“Sounds good to me Detective.”  Paulson looked at the Chief and knew he had no choice. He looked back at Mercer and nodded.
“I will have my guys coordinate with you in a little while. Shall they meet here?”
Paulson reluctantly nodded and stood up. Both Mercer and the Chief shook his hand. He walked out of the office and back to his desk and slammed his fist onto it as hard as he could.














Chapter 46  

Tom looked in the dingy motel mirror and was satisfied. It wasn’t that different but enough to maybe throw off at least the public. He knew the hair dye and haircut would never fool the detective or any law enforcement, but if he could roam about in public things would be much easier. 
He continued to stare back at his face and couldn’t believe his life had turned into a movie script. He was doing everything a suspect would do in a major crime thriller. He felt so out of place, but also so comfortable at the same time. It was almost as if he were enjoying this. He only wished Emily and Kaitlyn were still alive, but he knew he couldn’t let his mind wander or it would all be over and he wouldn’t be able to go on. 
He stepped outside the motel room and found a small sandwich shop chain that he went in and had a sandwich made. The people working behind the counter paid no attention to him, so he decided to eat at one of the tables in the restaurant. There were several others eating as well, but no one even looked at him. He entered the convenience store as well and picked up a few bottles of water and some snacks for the ride. His phone said he was about forty-five minutes away. He knew he needed to leave before it got dark so he could be sure and plan his approach. He walked across the street and a few blocks down the street where only one or two cars passed by. He was getting used to small-town life, gone were all the shoppers and commuters rushing everywhere and instead there was nothing but fresh crisp air and quiet. 
He took a deep breath in and wondered what life would have been like if he, Emily and Kaitlyn had opted for a life like this instead of the hustle and bustle they had lived in. He arrived near the car and searched in all directions and didn’t see anyone suspicious watching him, but he knew they could be hidden and ready to lock him up at any minute. He knew he should wait and make sure everything is clear, but he decided to chance it. 
He started the car up and placed the phone up on the dash with the GPS app open. It was one that displayed traffic, breakdowns and even police locations. He listened to the calm, authoritative female voice guide him through the different roads and turns. He hesitated when he passed through Water Falls again and even saw a police car pass by in the opposite lane, but the officer didn’t seem to pay any attention to him. 
He wondered if Paulson was still in the area. He watched every car drive by and didn’t see anything that appeared like an undercover police car, but he kept looking in his rearview every few seconds. He had heard all the terrible stories of living on the run, but he was feeling more and more adrenalin every new day. It was like his mind was replacing his old life with this new and different one.  
Everyone and everything he cared about were gone and all he had was following leads to nowhere, but it was better than sitting in a jailcell for the rest of his life. He knew that would come eventually. He hoped it wouldn’t, but there was no way he could keep escaping and there was no way he was going to live a free life if he had been responsible for the murder of his family. He wouldn’t allow himself that, no matter whether they say he blacked out or was poisoned or whatever medical or legal excuse his attorney could muster. 
He wondered if he would use Stringer again. He still didn’t understand the whole Stringer thing anyway, but he would save that for the day when that came. He just hoped it didn’t come before he finished what he wanted to do. He wanted to call Paulson again and just let him know how sorry he was and that he would turn himself in eventually, but there was no way he was going to allow him to track him with the cell phone again. He had already learned that lesson once. 
Tom pulled onto the street. It was full of large ornate houses and perfectly manicured professional yards. He hadn’t known what to expect, but when he drove by the house he was looking for, he knew right away who it belonged to. There was just something about it. It was not only the largest house on the street, but also the only one with a large iron fence wrapped around it. He stopped the car at the far end of the yard and peered into the vast property. It was the opposite of his brother’s small and unkempt house. He wondered if that meant something. He watched for any movement and didn’t see anything, so he drove further down the road and found an empty area and pulled over. He would have to wait. There was no way he would risk going in there during the daylight hours.  
He tried to imagine the look on Mathew Morris’s face when he saw him again. He had probably thought he would never see Tom again after tying him up and leaving him for dead in that empty house. By the looks of the place, he knew the guy hadn’t done it for money and he was going to find out why, but he had to get a few things together first. 
He quickly pulled out of the spot and made a U-turn and headed back down the road passing the massive place again. He peered over as he drove by and still didn’t see anything or anybody, but he wasn’t worried because he would be back tonight. He loved the excitement he was feeling of knowing in a few hours he would scale the fence and attempt to break in to another house, especially one of the man who had kidnapped him and held him at gunpoint. It was like he had lost all fear and was living on nothing but borrowed time. He loved it. He watched a bright red Corvette speed by him. 
A few minutes later, he pulled in front of a large shopping center that contained an outdoorsman store. He had spotted it on his way over. He knew exactly what he needed to buy. He felt the tingle of adrenalin as he spoke with the salesman about the various items he needed. He spoke with knowledge and the authority of someone who had been doing this all his life. 
About an hour later, he was loaded up and ready for action. He decided to stop for a little pre-meal at a local restaurant and made it back to the house just as darkness was enveloping the sky. He was ready.

Paulson left a message with the Chief’s assistant that he was heading back to Water Falls and Mercer’s guys could meet up with him there. The assistant said the Chief was still meeting with Mercer. 
Paulson quickly took off in his car before he had to coordinate with anyone else. He didn’t know who Mercer was going to get to help him, but he knew they would only slow him down and not help. It was always that way with him. 
From his first night on patrol, he always wanted to work by himself. The department discouraged it and had assigned him and everyone else a partner, but he usually left them in the dark and lately it had been almost impossible to get someone to work with him. They all complained he wouldn’t share anything. It was true, Paulson kept everything to himself. It certainly wasn’t the most productive method of policing but it was what he did and since he had such a great success rate his superiors usually left him alone. He reported directly to the Chief now, despite having two ranks above him that were his official supervisors. Everyone just figured it would be easier to let the Chief handle him and both his Lieutenant and Captain had agreed. 
He enjoyed the ride through the streets. He wasn’t running his lights or sirens, but he was traveling at a quick pace. He had been pulled over before, but as was usually the case, when the officers saw his detective badge they let him slide through. It also didn’t hurt that his department was the second largest in the state. He cruised by cars peering into every window just in case he saw Reynolds sitting behind the wheel. 
He had been lucky before when searching for a suspect. He had been speeding to a crime scene in his early days and had to take a wide turn on a narrow street and slammed into the side of an oncoming car. Luckily, no one had been injured but when he went to check on the other driver, he couldn’t believe it, the man who had just murdered his wife was sitting in the driver’s seat covered in blood and holding the firearm in his lap. It didn’t take Paulson long to figure out who it was and he had him in cuffs two minutes later. It had always been like that for him. Police work was just his calling. He was a natural as his peers liked to call him. 
He had even been assigned to be a training officer but it just didn’t work despite all his knowledge and experience. The department wanted him to pass his knowledge onto other officers, but after many attempts they finally gave up and just let him be like he had been for the last ten years. And up until now, he had been able to solve and capture every suspect he had encountered. 
He sped up as he passed by a bright red Corvette and made the turn to exit into the town of Water Falls. A few minutes later, he pulled in front of a large one-floor brick building that had a large sign in front of it indicating it was the municipal center and police station. It reminded him of the library. He parked in front leaving his car against the sidewalk. He wasn’t wasting anytime because there was no way he was going to let the Chief or Mercer send anybody out here to help him. He hoped he would be done and long gone before they showed. He walked into the lobby and spoke with an armed security officer who sent him towards the police station where he was immediately greeted by a man in uniform and a woman in civilian clothes. He introduced himself and they said the Chief was expecting him. The woman led him through a door and down a long hallway covered with police officer pictures from many different eras. Paulson kept his eyes straight ahead. He arrived outside a door that had the Chief’s name on it and he was ushered in to the same man he had met behind the library earlier.
“How’s your officer’s leg?”  Paulson asked while taking a seat in a torn dark blue upholstered chair in front of his desk. The Chief’s office was nothing like his chief’s. Everything was old and simple and reminded him of his grandfather’s living room when he was a kid.
“He’s going to be just fine. He twisted his ankle and should be back at work tomorrow. He said he is very sorry for what happened…that Reynold’s guy you are chasing is really slick.”
“Yeah, tell him not to feel so bad he got away from me once already too.”  Paulson couldn’t believe he was saying that, but the Chief had a very relaxed way about him.
“What’s the deal with this guy?  Has he really killed all those people and his own family?”
“It looks that way. We got the DNA back and it is them. Also, his name and signature are all over the car.”
“What a shame. It’s sad how people can go about living normal lives and then become so brutal. I’ve seen it so many times over the years. It takes a toll on you. That’s why I am hanging it up after thirty years next month.”
“Congratulations.”
“Thank you. I want to help you get your guy before I do though and we are willing to help in any way possible.”  
Paulson leaned forward. “Thank you chief.”  He knew he had to speed things up or Mercer’s team would be bothering him soon. “I think the best thing you can do is show me what you found from the computer he was using.”
“Of course.”  He watched as the Chief brushed back his gray hair that was thinning on the top of his head and reached into his desk and pulled out three sheets of paper. He laid them on his desk. “He was searching for everything about the Morris’s.”
“I’m sorry Chief, but who are the Morris’s?”
“You know the guy that was killed in the house where Reynold’s and his father-in-law were holding up?”
“You mean Justin Morris?”
The Chief’s face formed a slight smile. “Yep. He was reading about his brother and his father. Have you heard of Thomas Morris?”  Paulson shook his head. “Richest man in the area. He’s in Lawrence Falls, next town over and he has two sons, Justin and Mathew. Justin, of course was killed. Your boy was searching all sorts of information on them, addresses, work, pictures…you name it.”
“Do you think he’s headed over to them?”
“Sounds like it to me. In my experience when someone is researching that much about someone they are going to find them.”
Paulson agreed and spent the next half hour discussing the case with the chief. He couldn’t believe how much insight the man gave him and he thanked him and promised he would come by again. The Chief gave him directions to the Morris’s and he quickly left, excited to have another lead.













Chapter 47   

Tom decided it was time. He couldn’t wait any longer. He slowly walked from the side of the road towards the dark iron fence. It was only a few feet high, but there were sharp spokes pointing upwards every six inches or so. He carefully manipulated his body over the fence while avoiding the spikes and swinging the bag hung over his shoulder as well. As soon as he landed on the front lawn, he scrambled to one of the large shrubs sprinkled throughout the spacious yard. It was dark enough that he couldn’t be seen, but he wasn’t sure if there were any alarms or automatic spot lights. He waited a few seconds and then sprinted towards the front porch. 
The house was a large Victorian with a front porch extending across the entire front side with large steps in the middle leading to a massive front door. He had been sure the owner was home when he had been staking the place out earlier. He had seen him step outside onto the porch for a moment. He slowly took the steps up onto the porch. It was well-maintained. There were several large ornate benches along with love seat swings splattered along both sides of the porch. 
He took a deep breath as he stood in front of the front door as a breeze swept the perspiration from his forehead. He swung the bag around front and reached in then knocked loudly several times on the door. He immediately took a step back placing his feet near the edge of the steps as the big heavy door opened. As soon as the man opened it up and saw Tom, he jumped back and tried to close it, but it was too late. Tom burst through the door with the pellet gun he had picked up at the store pointed directly at the man’s chest. He could see the fear in the man’s eyes as he back-peddled into the large well-lit foyer. Tom saw a giant chandelier high above him with thousands of lights casting an eerie shadow onto Mathew Morris’s head. 
He appeared the same as the day he picked him up on the beach in North Carolina when he was being chased by the police and then left for dead tied up in the house. Tom reached behind him keeping his eyes on Samuel and closed the front door.
“What are you doing here? I thought you were…”
“Dead. Right?  That’s how you left me. Now I’m here for some answers.”
Tom watched as the man kept walking backwards till his back rested against the far wall and he stopped. “I only did what I was told to do. After I got you there, I left. I have no idea what happened after that.”
“Funny, you had no idea your brother was coming in to poison me.”
“I had no idea, but you killed him. Please put that gun away.”
Tom held it tighter in his hand and hoped the man wasn’t a gun expert and would recognize it wasn’t real. It had been the closest thing he could find and looked exactly like the guns he saw on the police shows. “I didn’t kill him, but we had no choice. He would have killed us if we didn’t. Isn’t that what you wanted?”
“I could care less. I told you. I only cared about the money.”
“I find that hard to believe. You live in a million-dollar home and are the heir to a billion-dollar company.”
“Maybe someday, but not right now.  I work for everything I have.”
“Whatever gets you through the day.”
“What are you talking about?”  Tom watched as the man slid down to the floor still leaning against the wall. He adjusted the weapon.
“Just tell me where you got my daughter’s shirt?”
“I told you it was given to me.”
Tom pushed the gun closer and aimed it directly at the man’s nervous head. He couldn’t believe how comfortable he felt doing this. What had he become?   “By who?”
“I can’t tell you that.”
Tom stepped in closer and placed the muzzle directly on the man’s temple. He could feel his body trembling at the end of the muzzle. “Last chance or I pull the trigger.”
“You won’t shoot me.”  
Tom wasn’t sure if he really would or not. He knew the pellet would hurt but how much he didn’t know. He pressed it harder. “According to you, I already killed your brother so why not you too.”  He could feel the man tremble even harder.
“Fine. I’ll tell you, but you got to get that gun off my head first.”  Tom took a step back but kept the muzzle pointed directly at his head. “It was my father.”
“What? You’re telling me Thomas Morris gave you the shirt and told you to kidnap me. I don’t buy it.”
“It’s the truth…it really is.” The man looked desperate so Tom turned around and headed for the front door. Before he opened it, he swung back around and aimed the gun and pulled the trigger. He missed and hit the wall, but then he fired again sending a pellet into the man’s body. He ran out the door. He could still hear him moaning as he climbed back in the car and pulled away. He knew where he was headed next.

























Chapter 48

Paulson ignored the text messages on his phone from George Mercer. He said his associates were arriving in the town of Water Falls now. He knew he would eventually have to deal with them and probably join forces, but right now he was going to keep ignoring them. He was in his car and headed to the Morris’s house. He wasn’t sure what to expect, but if that’s where Reynolds was headed, he was too. He decided to make a few calls on the way over to get some more information about them before he arrived. 
He knew that Reynold’s had killed Justin and he knew the family was very wealthy and powerful, but other than that he didn’t know the full connection to Reynolds. He had always been puzzled as to what Justin Morris was doing in the same house as Reynolds and his father-in-law. He had questioned the father-in-law and he had made up some story that they were being held hostage that he didn’t believe for a minute, but it was always a strange piece to the case. He wished he had spent more time focusing on that now. He figured it the other way around, that Reynolds had kidnapped Morris and tried to get money out of him and then killed him when he didn’t cooperate. He knew he would find out soon when he spoke with the brother and the father. 
He stopped as a school bus put out its stop sign and flashers and watched as a bunch of teenagers slowly strolled away without a care in the world. They had no idea a man who had killed his family and several others was lurking nearby. He stepped on the accelerator once the bus moved on and pulled past it in the left lane. He had his cell phone mounted on the dash and was listening to the voice call out directions when he saw the number of the Water Falls Police Department flash on his screen. He debated whether to answer it. He figured it was someone letting him know Mercer’s men were there. He answered it anyway and was surprised to hear the chief frantically telling him that Reynold’s had just pulled a gun on Mathew Morris. 
Paulson immediately hit the lights and sirens as he listened to the chief describe how Reynolds had forced his way into his home and placed gun to his head. Paulson thanked the chief and disconnected. He couldn’t believe Reynolds had let the man live and he needed to find out why. 
Five minutes later, he pulled in front of a large house with the black iron fence surrounding it. There were several police cars in the driveway with their lights flashing. Paulson pulled behind them and stormed into the front door off the large front porch. He had his badge out in front of him and immediately stepped in front of the same unformed officer from the library standing in the foyer.
“What happened?  Where is Morris?”
The officer looked all around and then back at Paulson. “We don’t know, we received a 911 call that a man had broken into the front door and was holding a gun on Mr. Morris.”
“Did you already search the house?”
The officer nodded. Paulson could hear footsteps echoing throughout the house. “We checked every inch and there’s no sign of anyone.” He pointed at the wall behind him. “Only thing we can find is it looks like there was a struggle here.”
Paulson could see a picture on the floor that had fallen off the wall and several dents in the dry wall.  “Where would they go?”
“I don’t know. I don’t know much about the Morris’s, just that Justin was killed and the old man runs everything.”
“Thomas Morris.”
“That’s his name.”  The officer smiled.
“And that’s where I’m headed.”  Paulson raced down the driveway to his car and fired the ignition and pulled out. He dialed the Water Falls Chief and a second later he was getting directions and more background information. 
Tom made it to the huge estate in less than five minutes. He parked around back and used all his might to scale the five-foot fence. He made it in one try. He didn’t care about alarms or security anymore. He just wanted to find out where the man had gotten Kaitlyn’s shirt and why he had it. 
He was so excited he had finally made it. He knew this would probably be his last stop. He was either going to be caught or killed here. He just had that feeling, but he didn’t care. He ran across the backyard dodging a large pool with running waterfalls and gleaming lights. He barely even noticed them. He saw a set of French doors open from the mansion and that was what he was headed for. He didn’t see anyone out so continued full steam ahead. 
The house was enormous and at least four stories high. He couldn’t see the end of the house either direction he looked. He slowed down to a walk as he entered the two doors and stepped into a large living room area decorated with artifacts and furniture items that appeared to be from all over the world. It reminded Tom off an exquisite museum. He sidestepped each piece and continued through the room to a hallway on the other side. It was wide and painted a dark blue with gold crown molding making Tom feel like he was in a royal palace. 
He continued till he heard footsteps and what sounded like music playing ahead. He stayed in the hallway passing room after room decorated to the extreme until he reached a closed door where the music was coming from.  It was classic, like Beethoven or Mozart. He could never tell the difference. 
He stood outside and listened till he heard a door slam shut inside the room. He waited a few seconds then pulled open the door to a large wooden-paneled office filled with computers and computer screens. There was a large desk on the far side where a man had his back turned to him. He knew he was staring into the back of the great Thomas Morris. He didn’t move or turn around to see Tom. He just kept his back to him. Tom stared at the great desk filled with many collectible items. The first thing that stood out was an old pistol with an extremely long barrel sitting right on the edge of the desk near Tom. He couldn’t take his eyes off it. He slowly crept up towards the desk and grabbed the large weapon and pointed it at Morris who still didn’t turn around. Tom began to yell that he wanted answers about his daughter but there was no reaction. He placed is finger on the trigger and held the weapon up high till he heard another door slam and then everything became very blurry.


















Chapter 49

Paulson arrived at the Morris mansion and rang the bell several times before he barged in reasoning that the resident was in danger. He heard voices behind him, but he ignored them and slammed the door with his shoulder and fell into the large ornate foyer. He called out Morris’s name but didn’t get a response. He had his weapon out in front of him as he stepped through the various rooms decorated more graciously than anything he had ever seen. 
He wasn’t one to care about luxuries. It was something he never cared about. He drove an average car and lived in a small clumpy home that only got vacuumed when he thought about it, which was usually one or two times a year. He always called it priorities, something his family members could never understand. 
He continued through the large house unsure where to go. He walked through several living rooms and kitchens and ended up staring out two French doors leading towards a pool. He didn’t see anyone outside, so he headed back down a long hallway and cleared rooms as he went. He continued till he arrived outside a closed door that gave him an uneasy feeling. Something wasn’t right.  
He carefully opened the door still ignoring his name being called behind him.  He wasn’t sure who it was but he knew it wasn’t Reynolds or Morris. He peered in the room and saw a large office with an elderly man with his back turned towards him. He checked in all directions looking for a lurking Reynolds as he made his way towards the desk. He called out for Morris several times but he didn’t respond and that’s when he noticed a small red hole in his smooth white buttoned-down shirt between the shoulder blades. Mr. Thomas Morris had been shot and the murder weapon was lying on the desk in front of him. He slowly approached Morris and checked for vitals but there weren’t any as he had already figured. He took a glance at the murder weapon at the same time three uniformed officers barged into the office behind him. He turned around and held up his badge and pointed at Morris and the gun. They immediately understood what had happened and began to process the scene. 
Paulson headed out of the office and spent the next forty minutes searching every nook and cranny of the mansion not finding any sign of Reynolds. By the time he arrived back at the office door, there were at least twenty officers and crime scene techs already processing the scene. He found the lead detective and conferred with him. The detective told him they would call him as soon as they processed the gun. Paulson gave him his number and started to head out when he saw Mathew Morris enter the hallway. He recognized him right away from the photos. He explained what happened and who he was and advised him not to enter the office. 
Morris went over all the details of his run in with Reynolds at his house earlier and explained he came over here right away to check on his father afraid that this might happen. Paulson tried to console him as much as he could while writing down all the details in his notebook. He then headed outside to see if anyone had seen Reynolds leaving.  He saw a few more officers who noted that they hadn’t seen anyone leave. Paulson spent the next several minutes calling his chief and then the Water Falls Chief to let them know what happened. His chief told him Mercer’s men were trying to get ahold of him and gave him their number. Paulson said he would call them soon. 
He took off down the driveway and made it back to his car and sped away. He found the nearest hotel and made his way down to the bar. An hour later, after three drinks his phone rang and the detective informed him they had Reynold’s prints on the gun and a match to the bullets in Morris’s body. Paulson now had a serial killer on his hands.
Tom had spent the last hour staring out the passenger window as police car after police car drove by. It looked like an army being called out to war. He was pulled off the side of the road on a small dirt path that was just deep enough to conceal his car. He couldn’t believe how fast the police had arrived. 
As soon as he had stepped in the car to get away, he heard the door slam and saw flashing lights approaching. He calmly drove the opposite direction, but then it was like the lights and sirens were coming from all over and converging on the Morris mansion. 
He wasn’t sure what had happened inside, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to know. He knew he didn’t get the answers he had come for and everything changed once he picked up that heavy weapon and aimed it at Morris. The man didn’t even flinch. Tom reached down and pulled the pellet gun from his waistband and tossed it out the driver’s side window. It made a loud plunk as it landed on the solid ground in the woods. He had been surprised how effectively it worked on the younger Morris. 
He wanted to find out how the elder Morris had gotten Kaitlyn’s shirt, but it was too late now. There was no way he was going near that house or anyone for a while. He needed to clear his mind and figure out what to do next. He knew he couldn’t stay put much longer. Once the sun came out, his vehicle would stick out like a sore thumb. He decided to wait until things calmed down at the Morris house and then make his getaway. He wasn’t sure where to go, but he had to go somewhere. 
Just before 5:00 AM, Tom pulled out from his hiding spot and eased onto the narrow road. He had watched at least twenty police cars head back the other direction over the course of the night with their lights off, probably heading back to the station or their routines. He had even seen some news trucks heading towards the house. It must have been bad. 
He still had no recollection as to what had occurred, but he wasn’t going to wait and find out either. He began to drive and didn’t seen any other vehicles for at least ten or so minutes until he saw a small caravan making its way towards him. As it passed by, he saw two police cars escorting a county morgue vehicle. He felt sick to his stomach, but he continued to drive as far away from the scene as possible. Mr. Morris was dead. He knew it, he just didn’t know how it happened, but he had his suspicions. 
He looked in the rearview mirror, and stared back at the odd man looking back at him. He wasn’t sure if it was a menacing killer’s face or an innocent man searching for answers on his murdered family. He had to pull over and vomit several times but he had to keep going. 
He ended up near the house of Mathew Morris again. He was the one who had kidnapped him. He wasn’t sure why he was here, but it was like the car had taken him there.  He slowly drove down the street and was amazed at how quiet and normal things appeared. He figured everyone was probably at the elder Morris’s house grieving and trying to figure out what had happened. He was sure Mathew had told the police by now about their interaction with the pellet gun. Tom had enjoyed pulling the trigger and he remembered that clearly. He just wasn’t sure why he didn’t remember anything at the man’s father’s house, but he knew the mind could play crazy tricks. 
He drove past the house several more times until he saw a neighbor working on his yard give him an awkward look and he knew it was time to go away. He found a small diner about twenty minutes away that he pulled into. As soon as he stepped inside, he could feel the buzz. All around him everyone was talking about the murder of Thomas Morris. They had two TV’s hanging on the wall near the register where a crowd was gathered watching and listening to every picture and word spoken by the reporters. There was going to be a press conference held in less than an hour by the Chief of Police with all the latest details. As of now, everything was purely speculation as the reporters stated. 
Tom was led a to a booth in the back by a young hostess, who during the walk across the floor didn’t take her eyes off the screen once. No one looked at Tom or even noticed him. It was like the world had stopped and Tom’s had just begun. Tom ordered a cheeseburger and a cup of coffee and kept his eyes straight ahead until he heard a familiar voice coming out of the television. He looked up and saw Detective Paulson talking with a reporter. He couldn’t believe it. The guy had already made it out here. 
He looked away when a hot cup of coffee was placed in front of him. A minute later, he jumped when he saw George Mercer being interviewed about what kind of guy Thomas Morris was. Apparently, he and Morris were best friends and both shared vacations and spent time at George’s hunting lodge. Tom watched as George told the reporter he was taking some time off work and heading to the lodge to grieve for his friend. Tom watched until his cheeseburger arrived and then he ate. It was something he hadn’t done in a long time and felt much better afterwards. He reminded himself to keep eating. He decided to head out before the big press conference and took a chance at a small inn down the road where the clerk didn’t even look away from the screen when he took his money. It was perfect.
Chapter 50 

Paulson stood behind the Water Falls Chief at the podium as they began the press conference. He was surprised at how many reporters and spectators had gathered in front of them. They were set up under a small tent in the rear parking lot of the police station where Paulson had met with the chief earlier. It was especially warm despite the time of year and Paulson could see the tiny beads of sweat rolling down the Chief’s forehead. 
Despite Water Fall’s small department, they had jurisdiction over the entire county, so the Chief was leading the front and taking over duties as the spokesman. Paulson was surprised at the amount of national media in front of him. He had never heard of Thomas Morris but apparently, he had quite an influence over this part of the country. Behind him, stood his son Mathew, the lone survivor of the family now and the one who would be taking over the family’s business. They had never gone public and had been a privately-owned operation started from the ground up. He looked over at Mathew, he had a somber look as well as one full of nerves. He felt bad for the guy losing his family in such a horrific way with both his brother and father murdered. 
Paulson wasn’t much of a business man and never had any desire to learn anything other than what was required to solve a case, but he had dealt with plenty of greed and jealous business matters in his years. He had a pretty good idea of what life was like behind those walls. He had wished Mathew well before the press conference and was scheduled to speak with him again to go over the story of Reynold’s breaking into his house and pointing a gun at him. 
He wasn’t sure why Reynolds had let him live, but he would get to that. He also still wasn’t sure what the connection was to the family, but he knew there had to be one and he had to get to the bottom of it to solve the case. That he was sure of.
 He planned to speak to Jim, the father-in-law again as well. He frowned when he looked to his left where George Mercer and his three associates stood ready to jump into the investigation. He had spoken with them briefly before the press conference. They were all private investigators who had experience as police officers and one was a former military investigator, but he wanted no part of them. He knew he would have to work with them at some point or his Chief would get on him and he didn’t need any further distractions or setbacks at this point. 
He also knew that Mercer and Morris had been friends and they shared business ideas but he needed to learn more, especially if Reynolds had been involved in any of this. He didn’t think so, because Reynolds was not involved in management at Mercer in any way as far as he knew. He was a planner and advisor and worked with his own clients. 
George had a team of executives who ran the business with him that Reynolds was not a part of. He had questioned the employees extensively on his last visit to Mercer Financial. He had learned that Reynolds had a team of three including himself that worked together almost as their own entity and he reported to a vice president who was a member of George’s team. Paulson had interviewed the man who said that Reynolds was a good worker and never had any problems and barely even spoke with him. He pretty much ran his own operation. 
Paulson listened as the chief outlined the events leading up to finding Morris’s body in the mansion. He watched as the tense reporters scrambled with their devices to record everything the Chief was saying. Paulson had been through many of these in his years, but he had never seen this much apprehension before.

Tom entered the small damp motel room and stripped his shoes and socks and threw them on the floor beside the bed. The room was equipped with a small TV, a desk chair and a bed. He sat on the bed and powered on the TV. He flipped through the channels and they were all tuned towards the press conference he had seen in the diner. He watched as an older man in a police uniform with several stars on his lapel was outlining what had happened. Tom listened closely as the Chief described how Morris had been murdered with his own weapon that he always kept on his desk for protection. 
Apparently, it was a family heirloom that had been his fathers. The Chief stated that Morris had died from a single gunshot to the middle of his torso and had been dead on the scene when they had arrived. 
Tom felt his insides shake as he remembered standing in front of Morris holding the heavy weapon and pointing it at the man. After that everything was a blur. He felt sick to his stomach. 
He listened as the Chief described how saddened the community and the department were losing the area’s leader and pioneer. He went on about all the great accomplishments Morris and his family had done. Tom tuned out till the camera panned and he saw Paulson standing to the left of the Chief. He had a menacing look on his face and looked as though he was staring directly at Tom. Tom turned away and listened again as the Chief described they had fingerprints and a witness that matched a suspect. He described the suspect as armed and dangerous. He stressed for everyone to be on the lookout and not to confront the suspect. He gave out the police hotline number. Tom watched as the Chief was handed a large poster by another officer with the words, “Armed and Dangerous” on it and a picture Tom Reynold’s face with the phone number. 
He snapped the TV off and sat on the bed for hours until he couldn’t feel his arms and lower back due to not moving for such a long period of time. His arms felt like they were being permeated by thousands of tiny needles and his lower back felt like someone had drilled a hole through it. He couldn’t believe it. He had murdered Thomas Morris. That was why he had blacked out. The Chief had said something about this being the fifth murder he had committed in the last few weeks. 
He carefully reached over and turned on a lamp on the nearby table and scooted over so he could see his face in the mirror. He hadn’t shaved or combed his hair in days and he stared back at the face of a stone-cold killer. He knew there was only one person who could help him now.





















Chapter 51

Paulson shook hands with George Mercer after the press conference was over. There were so many questions from the reporters that the Chief had to finally just walk away. He tried to answer questions as he was leaving, but eventually he stepped back inside the station. Paulson and the rest of the team followed him in and gathered outside his office. Someone had purchased sandwiches and sodas and everyone was eating and discussing the case. 
Paulson promised Mercer before he left that he would work with his team of investigators. They were standing to his side. He tried to ignore them, but they continued to pepper him with questions. They appeared to be competent, but Paulson knew they would get in his way. The leader the group was named Thomas Parkin he was a former LAPD officer. He was a large man with a narrow face and a military cropped haircut of a non-descript color. Paulson faced him as the other two heavily built men quickly crowded around. They were both knowledgeable as well, but they appeared to be a little too gung-ho for Paulson. 
He knew the type. He had worked with many of them in his years with the department. They were the kind of guys that would be perfect for a SWAT team or apprehension, but they didn’t have the patience Paulson possessed for an investigation. 
He outlined everything he knew about Reynolds, starting from the very first day he had been assigned the case to the present. He described what had happened in the jail and noticed not even a grimace or trace of an expression from any of the men. He also told them what occurred with Roscoe Winston and described all the murders as clearly as he could. None of the men took notes or questioned anything he said, instead they just listened. He couldn’t take a chance of missing Reynolds again and he knew he might not even get another chance at him. 
After he finished updating the men, the Water Falls Chief called everyone around him and described a plan of action to capture Reynolds. He said he had a hundred officers total available including the County officers, Paulson and his three men. Paulson frowned again. He felt fidgety and knew he was wasting time listening to the plan. He had his own plan and knew he had to get out there and follow his leads as soon as the Chief was finished.
 Once he was, he excused himself from his three sentries and told the Chief he would be going solo and was leaving the three men with him. He said he would be in constant contact. The Chief agreed and outfitted him with one of their radios.
 Paulson instructed the three men to stay with the chief and assist him in their plan while he said he had to go take care of something. The three men appeared upset, but became engaged with the Chief after he started praising their expertise as Paulson had asked him to do. Paulson smiled slightly as he left the station and glanced back at the three men soaking up their praise to their egos.  Paulson wanted to get back to the murder scene at the Morris mansion and search it again, but first he was going to stop at Mathew’s house again.
 He headed out in his cruiser and made a stop at small restaurant he had seen on the way. He sat down and no one bothered him. He loved not having to wear a uniform. As soon as he had made detective, one of the first things he did was to purchase a half-dozen suits. Luckily, the department paid for them and gave him a clothing allowance very year. His new uniform of choice the last few weeks had been khakis and a collared shirt. He usually wore a light jacket over his shirt to conceal his weapon and equipment. He preferred to blend in, not stick out. It was so much easier to observe when no one was observing you. 
He remembered when he first put the uniform on and would walk into a store or restaurant and felt every set of eyes was watching him. Even when he pulled up to a stop light, he could always feel the people on both sides of him staring at him. Now he just walked in and most people didn’t even see him. It was like he was invisible, just the way he liked it. 
He placed his order with a sweet waitress who was somewhere north of seventy. She tried to make small-talk about Thomas Morris asking him if he had heard about what had happened. He said he was from out of town and didn’t know who the Morris’s were so she quickly stopped chit-chatting and wrote down his order for him. Paulson laid out his notes on the table in front of him and read everything from beginning to end and then did it again when he finished. He added a few things, then just sat back and watched all the nervous people around him talking about what had happened. 
He heard Morris’s name mentioned at least a hundred times. He imagined all the theories and stories as to what had happened. He thanked the waitress when she brought his meal and then he went back to his notes.  He relied on his notes and meticulously wrote down every conversation and every thought he had about the case he was working on whether it was good or bad. He knew they could be subpoenaed but he didn’t care, it was how he solved his cases.
 In almost every case he worked, he would find a clue in his notes he had overlooked or didn’t mean anything to him at the time once the case was solved. He would always curse himself for mot finding it earlier. 
He made sure to read the notes on Reynolds several more times. He knew the answer he was looking for was in there. He had two objectives in this case. One was to prove beyond any doubt that it was Reynolds who was responsible for all the murders. They had fingerprints, signatures and witnesses. He hoped he could get some video evidence later as well to prove it was Reynolds pulling the trigger at the Morris house. He had heard Mr. Morris liked his security and had cameras everywhere. Paulson outlined that in his notes with double lines. His second objective was to find the guy. He had escaped him in every way imaginable and he knew he was hot on his track. He continued reading while eating his meal to try and figure out Reynold’s next move. He felt like he was always ten minutes too late. He wolfed down the rest of the chicken, left money for the tab and tip and slipped out of the restaurant unnoticed with a plan.
Tom made the call to the familiar number and waited till the third ring when Mrs. Anderson answered. She had a pleasant voice and manner of someone who had been answering phones for a living for almost thirty years. He could feel her smile right along with her voice. She always told everyone, talking to someone on the phone was like seeing into their sole. She had plenty of expressions she ranted off to customers every time she spoke with them and many of them had come to expect a new one every time they called. That was the reason why George kept her on for all those years and made her one of the top earners in the company. Tom almost smiled when she sang the beginning lyrics of the “Zip-a-dee-doo-dah song”, before she finally said hello. He asked if he could speak to George. She politely said he was out of the office but she would leave a message. She never sent anyone to voicemail she preferred to take all the messages personally. Tom gave her his name and the number of a cell phone he had picked up earlier at a convenience store. He heard nothing but silence for about ten seconds then she came back on sounding as nervous as he had ever heard her and said she would give him the message and hung up immediately. Tom quickly ended the call as well.  He couldn’t believe it, less than three minutes later his phone rang and it was George. Tom took a deep breath as he listened to the familiar soothing voice fill up his ear before he nervously responded. 
“Hi George. Thanks for calling me back.”  He took another deep breath and felt some of the nerves disappear. I have nowhere else to turn George. I need help.”  Tom held the phone close to his ear.
“You did the right thing by calling me. We’ve all been worried about you and looking for you. I even hired a few private detectives to track you down. You’re a hard guy to find.”
“I’m sorry. Things have just been tough.”
“I understand. I’m here to help you. You can tell me anything and I’ll do whatever it takes to help you.”
“I’m not even sure what has happened George. I don’t know what I’ve done and what I haven’t done. I keep waiting to wake up and find out the whole thing is just a big nightmare.” Tom wiped a tear from his eye. 
“It’s okay. How about you come stay with me for a while and you can work everything out.”
“I’m not ready to go to prison yet. I need to figure a few more things out first.”
“No prison Tom. I have a large cabin up in the mountains that you can come to. No one knows where it is. You will be safe there.”
Tom pictured the big cabin from the pictures he had seen. “Are you sure. I just have no place else to go. I have nothing left.”  Tom ignored the tears flowing down his face now.
“No problem. I just wish you had come to me sooner. I told you when I hired you, I am always here for you.”
“I know. It’s just all that has happened. First with Emily and Kaitlyn and then…”
George cut him off. “It’s okay Tom. Just come on up. There will be no police or anyone, just you and me and we can talk and work everything out. You can take as much time as possible.”
Tom thanked him and wrote down the address George gave him for the lodge. For the first time since he had come home and found Emily and Kaitlyn missing, he finally felt relaxed. He was going to George’s, the man who took care of everything and everybody. He knew he could count on George and wondered why he hadn’t called him in the beginning or asked him for his help when he came to see him at home. He knew George wouldn’t call the police despite him being tight with the Chief. 
Tom slowly walked back towards his car and began the long trek to George’s lodge. He wasn’t sure how long it would take, but he removed the batteries from the phone he had just called George on and threw them out the window and powered up the second phone. He wasn’t taking any chances even though he trusted George. He knew he wouldn’t turn him into the police, but he also knew eventually he would have to face his crimes. He just needed some time to talk things out and there was no one better to talk to than George Mercer himself and that was where he was headed. 
He placed the second phone on the dashboard and clicked the built-in GPS app that came with the phone. It wasn’t great, but it was free and didn’t require anything else other than typing in the address George had given him. He waited a few minutes for it to compute, and it showed he had a four and half hour drive ahead of him into the mountains to George’s getaway. He turned the wheel, rolled down the windows and let the fresh air and phone direct him towards what he figured was definitely going to be his final destination.






Chapter 52 

Paulson pulled up in front of the home of Mathew Morris and was surprised to see he was back. He could see his expensive yellow pickup in the driveway. He headed to the front door and knocked and was welcomed by him in a minute later. 
“Hello Detective.”
“Hi Mathew. Do you mind if I come in and take another look around and ask you a few more questions?”
Morris nodded. “Whatever I can do to help find out why that man killed my father.”
“And your brother. I’m sorry again for your loss.”  Paulson tapped on Morris’s shoulder.
“I don’t want to waste your time so please take me through the whole scene when Reynolds came here.”
Morris took a step back into the foyer to allow Paulson to enter all the way in. “I was working in the office back there.”  He pointed behind him. Paulson looked but could only see what appeared to be the living room decorated with expensive furniture. “Then I heard a knock at the door and I saw that Reynold’s guy standing there with a gun in his hand and a crazed look on his face.”  Paulson looked at the front door. “He barged in here pointed the gun at me and started asking me about my father. I wasn’t sure what to say and the next thing I knew he stormed out of here and that’s when I got the notion that he was going to harm my dad.”  He wiped a tear from his eyes. “So, I immediately jumped in my car and headed over there, and that’s when I found out he had been murdered.”
“Why didn’t you call the police after he left here?”
“Looking back on it now. I should have, but at the time I just wanted to make sure he wasn’t going to harm my father first. I really screwed up didn’t I Detective?  He would have still been alive if I had just called you guys. I guess I just froze.”  
Paulson watched the man place his hands over his eyes and tears began to flow down from under them. Paulson took another quick look around the foyer and glanced in the living room then showed himself out.
Paulson made it to Thomas Morris’s house in less than ten minutes. He showed his badge to a uniform standing guard and entered the large house. The first thing he noticed was how much larger it felt without all the people in there. The place was completely empty. The uniformed officer had given him the same spiel he had heard for years about not touching anything or disturbing the crime scene. Paulson agreed and signed the log. 
He took a good hard look at the massive thick front door and knew there was no way Reynolds had entered from the front. With the security measures he could see, he knew Morris would have the front door locked all the time. 
He walked quickly through the first floor of the house. There wasn’t too much that interested him until he neared the back where he could see the pool out the doors off the spacious living room. He slid open one of the doors and stepped out onto the patio. It was the kind of place those celebrity home tour shows showed on tv late at night that he had on for background noise when he was reading case files. He would occasionally glance up, but really had no interest in living in a place like that. Paulson was all about simple and efficient.
 He walked off the patio towards the pool and saw the perimeter fence. Just as he suspected, he found foot prints form the impact of someone climbing over the fence. He knew how Reynold’s had entered. He wasn’t surprised that Morris had the backdoor unlocked despite his high security measures. It was a nice night out and he probably spent a lot of his time out on the patio. It was covered and full of expensive furniture. He even had a huge TV and computer setup out here. Paulson glanced at the computer but didn’t see anything that interested him. 
He walked back inside and followed the path Reynold’s most likely took to the office where Morris’s life came to an end. There was yellow crime scene tape set up that he ducked under and slowly approached the large desk just the way Reynolds did. He had rehearsed this in his mind on the way over so he knew exactly where to go. He just needed to count off the steps and see if Morris would have heard anyone approach. Paulson made it all the way to the front of the desk in less than three seconds from the door. He did it several times to just make sure.  Each time he stopped at the desk and reached out for an imaginary gun lying on it. After the third time, he quickly turned around and headed back out the front door and waved at the officer who nodded back.

Tom had been driving for almost four hours. The drive had taken him up and down hills and valleys that caused his ears to pop over and over. He couldn’t believe George had a place out in the middle of nowhere. He hadn’t seen another home or building for miles. Instead, it felt like he was driving further and further into the woods and at any moment he would be completely sucked up and gone forever. He enjoyed seeing all the tall and winding green trees covering both sides of the small two-lane road. It made him feel as though he were leaving everything behind and disappearing into a new life. 
He knew George would take care of him, but he still was apprehensive and not a hundred percent trusting. George and the Chief were so close he wondered if he were driving into a trap, but he knew he had to take that chance because he was at the end and there was nowhere else to go. 
He approached a steep hill and could see a large structure in the distance. It was still a few miles away, but the GPS said he would arrive at his destination in a few minutes, so he pulled the car over and stepped out. He took a good long look at the building and recognized it as George’s place from the pictures. H couldn’t believe how big it was. It stuck out in the dense woods like a bright star on a dark and cloudy night. Tom was too far away too see any of the details besides the outline, but it was impressive. 
He knew he had come far enough by car and he needed to make the rest of the venture on foot to scope things out and be sure George was doing what he said he would do. 
He grabbed the keys and locked the car after he pulled it off the road as far as it could go. There was still room for two normal-sized vehicles to pass each other if necessary, but since he hadn’t seen any other cars in hours he wasn’t concerned. He slowly walked down the side of the road staying as close to the side as he could. He wasn’t taking any chances. 
After about a thirty-minute walk, he made it to the edge of the property. There was a large split-rail fence surrounding the front of the house. Tom took note of the familiar shiny BMW SUV parked near the entrance of the house. George was home. He looked around the rest of the property and didn’t see any other cars, so he hoped there were no hidden police officers ready to spring out and throw him on the ground. He knew that would come later, but right now it was all about finding peace and answers before he settled in for the rest of his life. He leaned behind a large shrub near the fence and peered up at the large home. It was clearly made of logs but it was no cabin. The place was at least three stories tall and spanned quite an impressive distance. Tom could see lights on inside as the darkness was creeping its way towards him. 
He tried to imagine George inside either relaxing with a movie and a drink or staring at a computer screen watching the latest stock prices, he picked the latter. He decided to take his time and camp out front of the place for the night, and then if everything appeared safe he would knock on the door in the morning. 
He knew George was always up at first light and would probably be out running or fast-walking as he called it. George was always the first one into the office no matter the day or year. Tom knew it wasn’t caffeine that kept the man going, but instead some kind of unique energy he had in his being. That was how George Mercer took on life. He attacked it with full force every single day. There wasn’t a person that knew George that didn’t admire him. He had no enemies that Tom could think of. There wasn’t a person at Mercer who ever had a bad thing to say about him. George was one of those people that could do anything he wanted to. He was so full of charisma that it oozed out of him. 
When Tom first started at Mercer he tried so hard to emulate George by dressing like him and speaking like him, but after a few months George took him aside and told him he needed to be his own person to be a success, not a copy of someone else. Tom always remembered those words still lived by them every day. The guy was just amazing. 
Tom wondered why he liked being so far removed from all civilization out here, but maybe this was where he went to recharge or just get away from everything. Tom jumped when he heard the crackling of a leave behind him, but relaxed when he saw a family of deer walk by. They didn’t even notice him. 
He decided to take a walk around the property before settling in for the night. He walked along the fence on the right side and made it to the back of the hose. There was an enormous screened-in deck that encompassed the entire back of the house that Tom was amazed at. He saw no signs of movement in the backyard or anywhere near him so he continued his way all the way around. He noticed a bunch of small buildings that looked appeared to be unoccupied guest cottages beyond the fence on the left side. He avoided them and continued his way around. He finally made it back to the front of the house and found a large tree with several shrubs near the bottom that gave him a good view of the front of the house as well as the cottages. He sat down and waited.
















Chapter 53

Tom had drifted on and off during the night, but stayed awake long enough not to hear or see any activity outside of George’s house. He slowly pulled himself up from behind the bush and walked back down the road for the thirty-minute walk back to his car. The sun was just rising as he was walking making the thick trees seem to come alive. He was cold and the long walk warmed him up and by the time he got to the car and started it up, he barely needed the heat. He was hungry and thirsty and looked forward to a hearty breakfast as soon as he arrived at the house. 
He made the drive the rest of the way going slowly up and down the various slopes. He pulled into the driveway just as the sun was all the way up and the nighttime air had disappeared. As he stepped out of the car, he looked all around him and couldn’t believe the beauty of the horizon. It was like he was standing in the middle of the most beautiful landscape painting he had ever seen. 
He slowly walked towards the door and jumped back when it opened and George sprang out and greeted him. George looked exactly like he did at the office minus the suit and tie. Instead, he was wearing an old pair of jeans and a dark green plaid wool shirt over a t-shirt. His face had a large grin and he quickly reached out and shook George’s hand. Tom shook back and followed him into the foyer of the great house. 
It was like he had stepped into the greatest of all hunting lodges. He looked all around him at the large room with logs intricately constructed and decorated with mounted wild-animal heads of every species imaginable. Tom had never seen anything like it. It was like he was on the set of a movie. There were hundreds of animals as well as rifles and a plaque under each animal describing where and when it was shot. The house was laid out as one large room with barely any walls separating the kitchen, dining room or anything else. It was the size of a gymnasium. Tom couldn’t stop looking around.
“This is my prize Tom. This is where I get away from everything.”
“It is unbelievable. I never knew.”
“No one does. It’s my little secret. I’m a passionate hunter. I love it and it would probably ruin me if everyone knew about it back home.”
“I can’t believe all the animals you have shot.”  Tom was still turning his head in every direction.
“I own hundreds of acres out here. Almost as far as you can see, so I can hunt at will. You wouldn’t believe the wildlife out here.”  Tom nodded.
“How do you find the time?”
“Out back I have a place to land a helicopter. Only takes me a few hours by air to get here.”  Tom watched as George looked down and then back at him. “I know you couldn’t see all that in the dark last night…”
“You knew I was out there last night?”
George nodded and smiled. “I saw you drive up, park and walk down here. You should have just come in.”
“I know. I just needed…”
“To be sure it was safe. I understand. It has been a tough time for you lately. I’m glad you came. Let’s get some coffee.”  
Tom followed him across the large room and stopped when he saw the wall of monitors near the kitchen. Each screen had a different view of the property.
“I thought about going to get you and bring you in last night, but I didn’t want to scare you. Luckily, the temperatures cooperated. Cream and sugar, right?”  Tom nodded. “How about some eggs?  I can whip them up quickly. Why don’t you have a seat over there.”
Tom sat down at a small dining set in front of a floor to ceiling window that overlooked what he figured was one of the most beautiful views he had ever seen. Below him was a valley that must be ten miles wide with a large stream running through it filled with deer drinking the crystal blue water.
“It’s peaceful, isn’t it?  Now you see why I come up here almost every weekend. Couldn’t do what I do without it. You know everyone has a secret.”
“This place is unbelievable.”  Tom watched him scramble a bunch of eggs in a frying pan on what appeared to be a state-of-the-art stainless-steel stove.
“Yeah I love it. So, I figured today, you just relax, get cleaned up and fed and then first thing tomorrow we can get down and talk.”
Tom nodded his head. “Thanks. I just don’t understand why you are doing this. I know you have been looking for me too.”
“I have. You know the Chief and I are close and I offered any assistance to help find you.”  Tom watched him sprinkle the pan with shredded cheese. He could smell the aroma. “But let me tell you the real reason. You have been working for me for what twenty years?”  Tom nodded. “I know you very well and I didn’t want you just thrown in the system and forgotten about. You have a right to be heard and have the best legal representation money can buy.”
“Hold on a second.”
“Yes. I hired Stringer when you were in jail. He told me what happened. We’ll deal with that later at some point. Right now, you just need to clean your system and then you can face the truth. I don’t know if you are guilty or innocent and I really don’t care. If you’re innocent, I will do everything possible to keep you free. If you’re not, I will get you all the medical and legal help you need because I know who you really are and something had to have gone really wrong.”
Tom smiled as George placed a plate steaming from the freshly cooked eggs in front of him as well as his own. He handed him a hot mug of coffee and Tom took a long drink and a large mouthful full of eggs. Nothing ever tasted so good.
“Enough of the legal talk. We have all day tomorrow for that. I will show you your room after this and the rest of the day is yours. Please just make yourself at home.”
Tom remembered punching George the night in the younger Morris’s house and running from him at Mercer Financial that one late night. He felt bad as he looked over at his former mentor and boss. George had a pleasant smile on his face and his eyes were sparkling as usual. Tom continued to thank him till he finished the eggs and coffee than followed George upstairs to a large bedroom with the same view of the valley out his window along with a deck and two comfortable chairs. Tom spent the rest of the day napping and taking a shower and woke up the next morning feeling better than he had in weeks.

Paulson woke up in the motel room with the sun streaming brightly through the thin and inexpensive curtains. He hadn’t slept much after going over his notes on the two visits to the Morris houses. He had to make one more stop today at the other brother’s house who Reynolds had killed, though Jim claimed differently. He knew he needed to speak with the father-in-law again, but there would be time for that. 
Right now, he just needed to catch his man. He had eluded him too many times and it was time. He knew something would click in his brain soon enough with all his notes and investigations that would lead him to Reynolds. It always did and it was time he got a break. 
Last night before he went to sleep he asked himself if he was getting too old for this, but that was all gone when his eyes opened first thing this morning. He was ready for another fight. He would bring Reynolds in that he was sure of. He jumped out of bed and showered and headed back to the same diner he had eaten at. Everyone was still gathered around the TV’s and newspapers watching and reading everything they could about Morris’s death. Who could blame them. The guy was larger than life and now he was gone, killed by some financial wizard outsider. No one could believe it. Paulson refused to participate in any conversation as he ate his breakfast and readied himself for the next visit. 
He ate quickly, left a large tip and headed to the third Morris house. He had been here before. He had searched the place, but didn’t find anything of interest, but a second glance was usually different, especially after all that had happened since. He pulled into the driveway. There was no one else there, which he took pleasure in. He hated having to walk a scene with other officers or technicians around. He liked to take it all in with his own senses. He liked to step into the victim’s shoes and take over their life as he stepped through the house.
 He ducked under the crime scene tape and easily picked the lock and began to make himself at home. He started in the kitchen as he always did. He could find out a lot about a person by what they kept in their kitchen. He checked the food and could immediately tell Morris was a health-conscious person. He could also tell that he was orderly and cared about appearances because everything was neat and precise. He even found a junk drawer that appeared to have been organized recently. 
Paulson moved on to the dining room. It wasn’t a large room, but with just one person living here he didn’t imagine it would have been used much. The first thing he noticed was the hunting pictures on the walls. There were lots of them all over, but it appeared that several of them were missing. Paulson examined each one and snapped a few pictures of them with his cell phone. He would go back and look at them later for any clues. 
He continued down the hall to the master bedroom and was surprised at how large it was. There was a king-sized bed in the middle and the room still appeared quite large. He found more pictures and photos on the walls and a dresser drawer that looked like someone had rummaged through it. Inside were hundreds of photos. Paulson sat down on the edge of the bed and began looking through them. He recognized some faces in the photos, but most of them were of deer and houses in the woods. He scooped up a handful of them and placed them in his pocket for later. He would find something useful from them as well. Someone would not have been going through them if there wasn’t something there. He would contact the local police and see who has been at the house or who had access to it. He finished his sweep of the second bedroom and walked through the rest of the house and didn’t see anything else that caught his eye. 
A few minutes later, he was back in his vehicle and headed to the hotel to sort through his notes and the pictures. Something had to give. He was overdue.





Chapter 54

Tom awoke up to the aroma of coffee and fresh eggs. He threw some clothes on and found George in the kitchen making omelets. 
“Have a seat.”  He pointed at the table overlooking the valley. Tom peered out as George sat a hot cup of coffee in front of him.
“Thanks so much again for everything George.”
“No problem. I just wish you had come to me sooner and maybe you could have avoided a lot of this.”
“Yeah, I wish had. The thing is, I don’t even know what has happened ever since that day the police showed me the picture of Emily. Everything has been a blur.”
George placed two plates on the table and sat down opposite Tom. “I understand.”
“I mean I don’t remember hitting her, but the pictures and her own words tell me I did.”  Tom felt a tear form in his left eye.
“It happens to all of us at some point in our lives where our bodies just break down due to stress or some awful disease. I’m worried that maybe I was working you too hard at Mercer…maybe that was the problem.”
“I don’t think so. I mean I loved the job.”
“You were putting in the hours over the last few months.”
Tom took a sip of the coffee. “I know. I was trying to develop some international stuff.”
“If it was too much, I could have gotten you help. All you had to do was ask.”
“I should have.”
“I think I am partly to blame too for not recognizing it sooner as well. I apologize.”
Tom savored the omelet and the melted cheese. He felt it ease down his hungry stomach. “Well, I think I’m to blame for everything else. I mean it’s like I went crazy.”  He couldn’t believe he was opening up like this. “Just like the other day, I found the gun in my hand and Mr. Morris dead and I don’t remember anything else…I’m sorry about that. I know he was a friend of yours.”
George took a long sip and stared behind Tom deep into the valley. “Look, I think there is something you need to know about Morris and his two kids.”  Tom looked directly into George’s kind blue eyes. “Morris is an interesting guy and not exactly what he seems to most people, but I guess that’s true of most really successful people. Let’s just say he didn’t get that way by being nice. I could tell you stories, but we can save that for another day.”  Tom watched as two deer, one a baby and one a full-sized doe headed towards the stream.  He wasn’t exactly happy about leaving the company to his two sons when he got too old. He just didn’t think they a had what it takes to run it. So, he constantly set up challenges for them trying to make them fail or get in trouble.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Hear me out.”  They both sipped the coffee. “He challenged his son to try and kidnap you and lure you in to see if he could come up with the reward money.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean the whole thing was a game to them…or at least to him. His son was just trying to prove his worthiness. The old man saw the whole thing unravel on the news and saw you had doubts about your family and got the idea to play a little game.”
“What about Kaitlyn’s shirt?  That was really hers.”
“You’re right. It was. They broke into your house and took it to try and get you in the car.”
“You knew about this?”  Tom slammed the mug on the table.
“Not at the time. I have since learned which is why I am telling you.”
“I thought you two were friends.”
“I wouldn’t say friends is the best way to describe our relationship, but we both had similar business interests and we were college roommates.”
“You’re kidding me.”
“Nope, we both went to Penn State. He’s the one that taught me how to hunt and showed me the real beauty in it. We used to head out early several days a week before classes and lay and wait for the perfect buck. I mean I fell in love with it, which is why I bought this place once I made enough money.”  Tom took another large bite. “Why don’t we pick this up later. I think you have had enough for this morning. I’m going to head out for a while, so make yourself at home.”
Tom remained at the table and watched George grab a long rifle from a hidden gun rack he didn’t notice before that contained at least ten other rifles. “You know what. How about tomorrow I take you with me?  We can get up early and I’ll show you how great it is.”  Tom looked towards the deer family drinking water below then back at George. “I’ve got to head back to the office in a couple days, so we still have plenty of time.”  Tom nodded and watched him walk out the front door leaving him with the rest of his omelet and the amazing view.
Tom decided to take a walk down to the valley and get some rest before George came back. He said he would be back sometime early in the afternoon. Tom must have drifted off because he awoke to the sound of very loud rotors above him shaking the house. He ran out of his bedroom and down the stairs and looked out the front door. He saw George greeting a tall scholarly looking man wearing a suit jacket and pants, but no tie. His thin hair was being blown all over his head as the helicopter arose from the ground and flew away. Tom waited inside the door as George and the man stepped inside. The man was carrying a small travel bag that George took from him and sat near the door.
“Tom. I would like you to meet Dr. Mitchell. He has agreed to come out here and work with you for a few days. He is my therapist and I have been seeing him for years. He is wonderful.”  Tom reached out and shook the man’s extremely long hand and smooth fingers.
“You didn’t have to come all the way out here just for this.”  Tom said.
“It’s no problem Tom. He comes out here almost every time I’m here. I told you there is a lot you don’t know about me. I’m not as put together as people think I am, right doc?”
“You’re fine George. You just have issues like we all do.”  The doctor had a soft and simple voice.
“Why don’t you head on up and get settled Doctor and then we can all sit down over lunch. How’s grilled salmon sound?”  Both Tom and the doctor nodded.


 







Chapter 55

After lunch, George told Tom that he would meet with the doctor in Tom’s room. Tom headed up and a few minutes later the tall man knocked and Tom let him in. Tom sat on the edge of the bed while the doctor sat at a small table with one chair that Tom assumed was set up for use as a desk. Tom listened as the doctor rattled off many medical terms and treatments that would be helpful to him. He fazed in and out as the doctor continued to speak until he stopped and asked Tom to tell his story. 
Tom began on the first day that he had come home and found his wife and daughter missing. He went through each incident until he finished up explaining how he had given up and decided he was going to turn himself over to George. The doctor praised him for coming in and began ranting about certain conditions that he might have ranging from dementia to blackouts. Tom just listened but nothing made any sense because he didn’t remember anything. 
About two hours after the doctor entered, he finally stood up and headed out the door. He said he would be back for another session after dinner. Tom felt exhausted and fell onto the bed and let himself drift off to dreams of Emily and Kaitlyn. He had almost the same dream every time he fell asleep. It was Kaitlyn learning to ride a two-wheeler and he is running holding on to the back of the bike and Emily is off to the side taking pictures and encouraging her. The sun is bright and there’s not a cloud in the sky. It is perfect until he wakes up at the same time Kaitlyn’s bike goes out of control and heads toward a large tree.
 Tom snapped up out of bed and went to open his door to get some fresh air. He thought he could smell food cooking downstairs and he was hungry. He went to open the door, but it wasn’t budging. Something on the outside was causing it not to open. Tom kept pulling and pulling till he finally gave up. He pounded and started yelling until a minute later he heard a click and George entered the room.
“What the heck is wrong with the door?”  Tom yelled out of breath.
“Nothing is wrong. Dr. Mitchell said it would be best if we kept you secured when you are in your room for everyone’s safety.”
“What safety?  I’m not going to hurt anyone.”
George looked behind him and Dr. Mitchell appeared. “Look Mr. Reynolds. I think it would be best to just keep you safe while you are here and we can keep an eye on you. Anytime you want to come out just call us and we will let you out.”
“This is ridiculous George.”  Tom realized as soon as he said that what George was going to say.
“You know Tom, you could be in a jail cell. It’s not that bad. When you come out you can do whatever you want.”
“That’s fine. I just wish you would have told me.”
Dr. Mitchell quickly answered. “We didn’t want to wake you.”
“How about some broccoli cheddar soup. It’s almost ready. Come on down.”  George smiled and Tom quickly relaxed and followed the men downstairs to the table overlooking the valley. He stared out as George placed a steaming and delicious smelling bowl in front of him. As soon as he took his first spoonful, he almost forgot all about the locked room.
Dinner lasted a few hours with dessert and coffee. Tom headed back up to his room and waited for the doctor to arrive. A few minutes later, he heard the now familiar click and the doctor sat down at the same desk. He had Tom go through each incident again, but much more slowly and with as much detail as he could muster. Tom wasn’t sure why he was doing this, but he followed the doctor’s orders because he figured it could only help and he trusted George. 
After another two-hour session, the doctor left and George settled in and began to read one of the several novels George had left in the room. He finally fell asleep and dreamed the same dream over and over about Emily and Kaitlyn till he awoke to a bright stream of sunshine tingling his face.
Tom went through the same process again of banging on the door till it was opened by Dr. Mitchell. He told George to get dressed and come down for some breakfast. Tom quickly threw on some clothes. George had placed a bunch of shirts and pants in his room the first day he had arrived and Tom had found some that fit surprisingly well. He sat at the table and Mitchell placed a plate of hot scrambled eggs in front of him as well as several pieces of toast that Tom quickly scarfed down.
“Where’s George today?”
Tom watched the doctor quickly look his way from the stove he was wiping down. “He’s already gone out hunting. He said to tell you late this afternoon that you both are going to go together.”
“I’m not sure I’m up for it.”
“Oh, Mr. Mercer is really expecting you to go.”  Tom watched as the doctor placed two pills next to his empty plate. “I need you to start taking these.”  He pointed at the pills. “You will sleep much better and not need to read off and on all night.”
“I’m fine. I really don’t like taking medication.”
“You know the rules around here Mr. Reynolds. You must take them.”  Tom looked at him awkwardly. There hadn’t been any rules before the doctor had shown up. He needed to talk to George about this later. He looked behind him and saw the man was carefully watching him. Tom reluctantly placed the pills in his mouth and took a long swig from the coffee mug. As the hot coffee was going down his throat, he let the pills slide out of his mouth and back into the coffee cup. He swallowed and the doctor seemed happy and went back to cleaning the stove.
“Thanks for breakfast.”  Tom stood up and started to walk towards the stairs with his coffee cup.
“Be ready. I’ll be up in a few minutes for another session.
Tom dreaded going through the whole sequence again. It was so tiresome and painful. He wondered what he was being treated for. He made it back to his room and shut the door knowing he was locked in, but he didn’t care. The doctor was making him very uncomfortable. He sat down on the bed and then quickly jumped up and began to search the room. He searched every corner and behind every light and crevice, but didn’t find anything. After about ten minutes, he gave up. He thought for sure there had to be a camera in the room. The doctor knew too much information about what was going on when he wasn’t there. Especially his comment of him reading off and on all night. He felt violated and unprotected with no sense of privacy.
 He couldn’t wait to speak with George. He would let him know he didn’t need a doctor right now. He would thank him profusely because he only imagined the price of flying a doctor in by helicopter. He searched some more till he heard the loud knock on the door. Dr. Mitchell was back. 
He reluctantly opened the door and took his usual position on the edge of the bed while the doctor sat at the desk. He had a small notepad with him this time and as soon as he sat down he began reading a list of medical terms Tom had never heard of. Tom’s mind faded in and out again as the doctor rambled on. Finally, he stopped and asked Tom to go through the whole process again. Tom finished after about fifteen minutes, but the doctor said it wasn’t good enough and that they would be there all day long till he did it right. Tom started again and stopped when he saw two men walking by outside his window down below. 
He quickly stood up and saw George walking with another man who looked vaguely familiar, but Tom couldn’t place him. He was trying to figure out where he knew him from when he felt two hands on his shoulders forcing him back onto the edge of the bed. The doctor demanded that he start over from the beginning again. Tom was getting frustrated. He watched as the doctor reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a syringe.
“One more time or I’m giving you this.”
“You can’t just medicate me. I want George up here.”
“Mr. Mercer is out hunting.”
“I just saw him walk by with another man.”
“I think you are seeing things Mr. Reynolds.”  “You need the dose.”  Tom watched as the doctor reached over and grabbed the coffee cup and poured its contents on the floor. Both tiny pills rolled out onto the rug amongst the seeping coffee. “I know you didn’t take your pills.”
“I told you. I don’t like medication.”  Tom knew he had clearly seen George outside and his mind wasn’t playing tricks on him. He was sure of it this time, at least he thought he was.
He watched the doctor come towards him with the needle out and aimed at his left shoulder. There was no way Tom was going to allow him to stick him with it. Tom jumped back as the doctor reached out and tried to grab his shoulder. The needle came flying by missing his shoulder by less than an inch. 
Tom jumped up on the bed. The doctor kept coming at him trying to jam his legs while Tom jumped out of the way again. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the man’s fist coming at his face but it was too late for him to duck. He felt the full impact on his cheekbone and crumpled down onto the bed. He watched the syringe bear down towards his shoulder and at the last second, he found the strength to catch the doctor’s arm with his foot and send him backwards. 
Tom jumped up, his face screaming with pain and blood, but he ignored it and slammed his fist into the doctor’s face. He couldn’t believe what he had just done. He stood over the doctor laid out on the floor below him. He had dropped the syringe next to him and was looking up at Tom. Tom bent down and picked up the syringe and stuck it into the arm of the doctor.
“No…no. Please don’t put that in me.”  He yelled. “It’s synthetic heroin and my body will reject it.”
“And you were going to put this on me?”
“I was just doing my job.” 
Tom jammed the syringe into his arm. He didn’t care if he hit a vein or not. He pushed it all the way down till the doctor’s eyes closed and he stopped moving. Tom reached down and found the keys in the doctor’s front pocket and then checked his back pocket. He couldn’t believe it when he found a license with the doctor’s picture and name on it. Instead of M.D, after his name it said P.I. He was dealing with a private investigator not a doctor. Tom kicked him in the gut for good measure as he headed for the door and unlocked it. 

Paulson hadn’t left the hotel room in two days other than to head downstairs to get food a few times a day. Tonight, he had called room service. He had to get to the bottom of this and he knew time was running out. He didn’t want to be responsible for another death caused by Reynolds if he couldn’t bring him in. He had called the Water Falls Chief earlier and he had said they were still searching for Reynolds, but they had no leads yet. He knew they weren’t going to find him. 
          The only one who was going to find him was Paulson. He had let him escape out the back door of his house. He had slammed his fist into the wall many times since that day. He still called it the biggest mistake of his career. 
He kept going over and over the pages of notes he had taken and all the evidence he had gathered. He had everything laid out on the bed in a timeline from the day he first received the call to the murder at the Morris house. He had been sleeping on the floor when he did sleep because he didn’t want to mess up his layout. His phone had been ringing off and on, but he usually ignored it. He checked a few messages yesterday and they were either from his chief or the detectives that Mercer had hired to assist him. He knew there was no way they could track him down to the hotel. He had made sure to use an alternate ID for his room and told the desk clerks to alert him if anyone came asking around for him. He didn’t think they would, but he had to make sure. It was his mess and he had to clean it up. 
He started from the beginning again reviewing his notes from the middle of the night when he first met with Reynolds and read through all his thoughts and comments. Paulson kept two sets of notes, one for the public if subpoenaed and one for himself to use and keep. His were much more detailed and raw. He had stacks of them in his bedroom closet from floor to ceiling. He knew when he did finally retire one day he would spend his time reading through every case and how he could have solved it sooner. He knew there was something he wasn’t seeing and he vowed he wouldn’t leave till he found it. It was there somewhere, that he knew.
 







Chapter 56

Tom ran down the wooden stairs and landed on the main floor. He could see the empty kitchen that had been cleaned up. He walked towards the back of the house and stopped when he saw George and the man seated on the patio outside the sliding glass doors. He could only see the back of George’s head but he had a full profile of the other man and he knew exactly where he knew him from. He felt his anger stir up inside him. 
He quickly turned around and went out the front door and snuck around the side of the house so he could hear their voices, but couldn’t be seen. He was watching them look at something on two iPads George was holding up. He was still too far away to see or hear. He took a step to get closer, but ended up stepping on a stick that mad a loud crackling sound causing them both to look his way. He tried to jump back, but it was too late they both saw him.
“Tom. What are doing over there?”  George yelled. Tom watched him quickly place the iPads down and stand up alongside the other man. “I thought you were with Dr. Mitchell.”
“I was till I found out he wasn’t a doctor. What’s going on George?  And why are you talking to him?”  Tom stared hard at the man who had punched him in the gut outside of Roscoe’s warehouse in Pennsylvania and in the motel. He remembered him clearly. 
“Come on over here Tom and let’s talk.” Tom slowly walked towards the two men keeping an eye on Roscoe’s man. “This is Anthony.”
“I know who he is. What I want to know is why he is here.”
“He stopped by to tell me about you and what you did to his boss. You remember Roscoe, right?”  Tom didn’t answer. “Where is Mitchell?”
“You better ask him. Last time I saw him he was loading up on heroin.”
“Sit down Tom.”  George pointed at a seat across from him. Tom remained standing and that’s when he heard it. He couldn’t believe it at first. He thought he was dreaming or blacking out. He couldn’t speak. He watched George quickly reach over and grab the iPad and start pushing buttons on the screen.
Tom leaped over and grabbed it out of his hands and then his heart melted. There was Emily looking back at him on the screen. She looked terrified. He couldn’t believe it. His whole body started to shake and a few seconds later the iPad was removed from his hand by Anthony. Tom tried to grab it back but the next thing he saw was a muzzle pointed at him by Anthony. Tom sat down. His whole body was trembling.
“What’s going on George?  Let me talk to Emily.”
“I’m sorry Tom, but she doesn’t want to see you anymore.”
“Where is she?”  Tom jumped up, then was forced back down by Anthony’s gun pointed at his head.
“She is off-site at one of my other properties.”  Tom felt his anger overtaking his body. He took a deep breath.
“Where’s Kaitlyn?”
“She’s with her.”  George’s voice was so calm. “But there’s something you should know and I don’t know how to tell you this except that…they are with me now. Emily and I have been together since you first started working at Mercer.”
“You’re crazy George.”
“Perhaps. How do you think you got the job?  And Kaitlyn…well she’s mine.”
“What?  I’m going to kill you George.”  Tom jumped up again, but Anthony forced him back down.
“I’m sorry, but Emily can’t get pregnant, so we had to inseminate. She figured out how to fake the pregnancy so you would have no idea.”  Tom thought back to finding the books in his closet. He felt sick to his stomach.
“I don’t believe this. Let me talk to my wife.”
“You mean your ex-wife. I think you have seen the divorce paperwork.”  George nodded at Anthony who handed Tom the iPad and clicked on an icon. A second Later, Tom was stating at his wife’s face.
“Emily, where are you?  Are you okay?  How is Kaitlyn?”
He watched her eyes look down. “Sorry Tom. We are both fine.”
“Is it true?  You and George have always been together…and Kaitlyn?”
Tom watched her nod her head. Anthony grabbed the iPad and closed the window. Tom watched her disappear from the screen. He couldn’t believe it. He quickly stood up again and Anthony pointed the gun at him. Tom didn’t care anymore. He lunged towards George but he was forcibly pushed back. He heard Anthony warn him that next time would be his last. 
Tom started to sit back down, but snapped is arm back up so quickly it caught Anthony off guard. He moved the gun away from him as Anthony’s finger went to the trigger. One shot rang out towards the woods and both men paused. Then Anthony pushed the muzzle back towards Tom and aimed at his forehead, but as he pulled the trigger again, Tom jumped back and the bullet just missed him. Tom heard it whiz by his head. He contorted his body sideways and pretended to put his head in front of the muzzle this time, but at the last second, he twisted again and the gun fired and Anthony fell backwards with blood seeping from his chest.
“Very well-done Tom. I’m impressed. I didn’t know you had that in you. He was one of my best guys.”  Tom reached down and picked up the gun and pointed it at George. “Have a seat.”  George spoke so calmly, Tom had to look at his hand to make sure he was still holding the gun.
Tom sat down again. He looked over at Anthony behind him, but he wasn’t moving any more. 
George picked up the iPad again. “I want you to watch something.”  He showed Tom a video of him confessing each murder to Mitchell and him sticking the heroin into the doctor’s arm. Then he saw himself shoot Anthony. Tom looked away. “As you can see I have you confessing to each murder and killing the doctor and our friend here.”  He pointed behind Tom. “So, I think it would be best if you just left or I can turn all this over to my good friend Detective Paulson.”
Tom pointed the gun at George. “What if I just shoot you now?”  
“That would be your choice, but if something happens to me the evidence gets sent to the police, and I have a lot more where this came from and then of course there is Emily and Kaitlyn’s life you would be responsible for ending.”
Tom looked down at his feet. “Was this whole thing a set up?  Did I even do anything?”
“You saw the pictures and you held the gun. Look at the mess you created here.”
“You were going to overdose me with heroin. What were you going to say?  I killed myself?”  George didn’t answer. “You are not the person I thought you were. You won’t get away with this.” Tom still couldn’t get over the fact that George had done all this. He was so angry.  “What were you going to say if the heroin didn’t work? I had a hunting accident?”
“If you care that Emily and Kaitlyn’s lives matter more than yours, you will leave and never come back again or you will end their lives.”
Tom felt his anger searing. “What about you?  Aren’t you going back to Virginia?”
George smiled. “Remember I told you successful people aren’t really who you think they are?  As we speak, Mathew Morris was just found murdered in his home, by your hand of course and now I will take over the Morris business. It is worth over two billion dollars. I won’t have to go back. This will be all mine, and of course Emily’s and Kaitlyn’s.”  He smiled causing Tom to fume. He aimed the gun at George’s chest. “Go ahead. Just remember you will be in jail and Emily and Kaitlyn will be killed. It is your choice. I’m giving you the option of leaving now a free man to go wherever you want or you can ruin three more lives. You saw that Emily wants no part of you, so I would advise you to leave.”  
Tom pictured Emily on the iPad nodding her head. He still couldn’t believe it, but it was true. He stood up, tucked the gun in his waistband and walked away.
He looked back at George as he was about twenty yards away and he was still seated and smiling. Tom had been played all along by a maniacal person he had trusted with his life. He still couldn’t believe it. How had he missed it? He wanted to run back and shoot him, but he couldn’t, there was no way he would risk Emily and Kaitlyn’s lives. He still couldn’t believe they were alive and he hadn’t killed them or even hurt Emily. It had all been a ruse, the whole thing. He continued walking and took one last look back, but George was gone. He was no longer seated. Tom turned around and saw his car and leaned against it. His mind and emotions were swirling so much he couldn’t keep his balance. He had never felt so confused and hurt at the same time.
















Chapter 57

Tom sat in the front seat and peered at himself in the rearview mirror. Gone was the sadness and despair. It was replaced by anger and rage. He pulled out the gun from his waistband and stared at it. He couldn’t take his eyes off the power that it held. He wondered if things would have been different if he had pulled the trigger and George was dead, but it had been too risky. He started to turn the ignition when he saw George behind the house walking towards the three cottages. He aimed the gun and pretended to fire. 
Then he got it. He jumped up from the seat and sprinted out of the car and towards George as fast as he had ever run in his life. It felt like he was gliding across the air and his feet weren’t even touching the ground. He was going so fast. He was concentrating so hard on George that he didn’t even see the armed man behind him. He continued to run. He wasn’t even out of breath. A minute later, he was behind George as he opened the door to the small cabin. Standing in the door was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen. Emily was looking straight at him and shaking. He ran towards her, but George stepped in the way.
“Remember what I told you. It is your choice. Tell him sweetheart.”
Both Tom and George looked at Emily. “It’s true Tom. Please just go and let us be.”
“I can’t.”
“You have to. Just do it for Kaitlyn.”  Tom could see the tears in her eyes.”  He watched as George placed her trembling body in his arms. It was too much for Tom to take.
He screamed. “Step away from him now Emily…now.”  She took a step back and Tom aimed the weapon directly at George.
“Don’t do it Tom. Please.”  Emily pleaded.
Tom felt his finger move towards the trigger. There was no turning around now. He was going to end it no matter what happened. He began to squeeze the trigger when he heard a loud voice behind him telling him to drop the weapon. Tom turned around and Detective Paulson was standing behind him with his weapon pointed directly at them.
“Drop the weapon Mr. Reynolds.”  Paulson yelled.
“Thank God you are here Detective. He was going to kill me.”  George screamed out. “I have so much evidence to show you what this man has done.”
“I know what he has done.”  Tom looked back at Emily. “Get on the ground now.”  Paulson yelled. Tom slowly dropped the gun and went to his knees. He could see George smiling out of the corner of his eye. He knew it was over. “Not you Mr. Reynolds…you Mr. Mercer.”
“What?”  George yelled. “Is this a joke?”
“Not the least bit. Get on your stomach.”
Tom wasn’t sure what happened next because everything happened so fast. The next thing he saw was George pull out a pistol from his waistband and aim it at Emily and then he heard shots ring out and both Emily and George fell to the ground. Tom ran to Emily and saw she was bleeding. He looked back at George and he was clutching his chest where Paulson had shot him.
“None of that was true Tom. He said he would kill Katlyn if I didn’t do what he said. I knew you would agree with me for her life.”  Tom nodded. “I love you so much Tom. Thanks for rescuing us.”  Tom had tears flowing down his face as he hugged Emily tighter than he ever had before holding his hand on her shoulder where the blood was flowing out of.
“Where is Kaitlyn?”  Tom asked.  He watched Emily point at the second cabin. Paulson immediately ran over to it and a few seconds later he returned with Kaitlyn.  Tom felt his emotions pour out of his body as he squeezed them both with more happiness than he had ever felt.
“How did you know Detective?”  Tom asked.
“It was the death of Thomas Morris. There was no way you could have sneaked up on him. He would have heard you.  Also, why was the gun located at the end of the desk? Not within his reach. I figured it had to be someone who knew him and I remembered that Mathew said you confronted him with a gun.”  He looked down. “Then I went back to his house and saw the pellet from the pellet gun you shot at him in the wall. He forgot to mention that detail.”  He smiled. “I even tracked down the receipt where you bought it, so I knew you weren’t the killer…and then this.”  He showed Tom a photo of George with the three Morris’s. “I knew they were all connected and George just played them to get what he wanted. Unfortunately, for him it didn’t quite work out.” Paulson looked down at Mercer on the ground.
“How did you find us out here?”
“Same way you did. From the photos. I want to apologize to you for accusing you of doing something to your family. Obviously, I was wrong about that as well as about Roscoe Winston.”
“Who is Roscoe Winston?”  Emily asked.
“It’s a long story.”  Tom answered making the detective smile slightly.
“Mr. Mercer has been planning this for a long time and you were just a victim in his sick game. I’m glad everyone is okay.”
“What about the victims in the car fire?”  Tom asked.
Detective Paulson took a long breath. “They were bodies from the morgue. I found out two were missing last night. Mercer somehow planted your daughter’s DNA in the car. I’m still trying to figure out the signature on the rental agreement, but I’m guessing he got it from your office somehow.”  
Tom hugged his family tighter than ever as he heard the roar of sirens and helicopters on their way.


One month later…

Tom smiled as Manny delivered the large pizza, half mushroom and half cheese just like they always ordered. It felt so good to see Emily and Kaitlyn seated across from him again. Emily had fully recovered from her gunshot wound to her shoulder. The bullet had just grazed her. They thanked Manny who promised from now on the pizza would be free. Tom laughed. It was something he had been doing a lot lately. He had never felt this great. With all the pending lawsuits against the late George Mercer’s estate, he knew he would never have to worry about money again. 
He had resigned from his job at Mercer Financial which had immediately changed their name as well as all the local fields and parks after learning about George’s activities. Every day the newspaper was full of stories of what George had done to Tom and many other people they had discovered. Apparently, he had been living a double life of crime for many years. Who would have ever guessed. 
The police had arrested nine more men in connection to what had transpired over the last few weeks all connected to George. Tom had recognized most of them, but he had stopped reading the paper after the first few days. He looked at Emily and thought how lucky he was. The police had discovered that one of George’s guys had broken into the house after Tom had left for work and beaten up Emily and planted the fake pregnancy books and Facebook messages. Tom still couldn’t believe all the planning George had done to pull this off. 
There was a story about George losing his wife and young daughter years ago, but he wasn’t sure if any of it was true and he didn’t care anymore. Emily’s parents came by a lot and Jim and Tom spent many late evenings over a bottle of wine discussing what they should have done differently. They both apologized many times and had spent most of last weekend on the golf course with Kaitlyn riding shotgun in the cart. 
Detective Paulson had resigned and was now Chief of the Water Falls Department taking over for the retired chief. He was happy he had successfully broken the Reynold’s case but knew his days of being a detective had come to an end after his major slipup. 
Tom took a large bite of the mushroom pizza and watched Kaitlyn make a funny face as he swallowed the squiggly mushroom causing all three of them to laugh like they never had before. Everything was back to normal. 
