
Arcaned Implications
by
K. Maril Charles

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Dóibh siúd a dúirt nach 
bhféadfaí é a dhéanamh...
(For those who 
said it could 
not be done...)



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Published by K. Maril Charles at Smashwords


Copyright © 2020 Text K. Maril Charles


ISBN-13: 978-0-578-72790-5 (Ebook)

Smashwords Edition, License Notes: This eBook edition is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this eBook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or means, electronic or mechanical, including recording, photocopying, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the author. For information address: Media Permissions, 6649 BHP-PMB 12, Egg Harbor Township, NJ 08234

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or means, electronic or mechanical, including recording,
photocopying, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the author. For information address: Media Permissions, 6649 BHP-PMB 12, Egg Harbor Township, NJ 08234

This book is a work of explicit adult fiction. Any names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblances to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, locales, or actual events is purely fictional and coincidental.

First printing edition 2020

79EDEA5C4595577DEDD01ED084FF0DB85299E0C3C0879FF8F7062BBCA0C52693
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Contents


Chapter One: Blood
Chapter Two: Good Ole Boys Club
Chapter Three: Tyler Time
Chapter Four: DiCanarino
Chapter Five: Drive
Chapter Six: By Design
Chapter Seven: Difference
Chapter Eight: Bea
Chapter Nine: Bond
Chapter Ten: Reasoning
Chapter Eleven: Little White Lies	
Chapter Twelve: Show Time
Chapter Thirteen:	 Actions
Chapter Fourteen: Feelings
Chapter Fifteen: Tangles
Chapter Sixteen: Another Dimension
Chapter Seventeen: Surprise, Surprise
Chapter Eighteen: Paths
Chapter Nineteen: Breakdown
Chapter Twenty: Timing
Chapter Twenty-One: Substitute
Chapter Twenty-Two: Snap
Chapter Twenty-Three: Dear John
Chapter Twenty-Four: Duplicity
Chapter Twenty-Five: Pressure
Chapter Twenty-Six: Legalities
Chapter Twenty-Seven: Whispers
Chapter Twenty-Eight: Roll
Chapter Twenty-Nine: Show Time
Chapter Thirty: Preparation
Chapter Thirty-One: La Force
Chapter Thirty-Two: Repeat
Chapter Thirty-Three: Run But Can't Hide
Chapter Thirty-Four: Traces
Chapter Thirty-Five: Mapped
Chapter Thirty-Six: Case Dismissed
Chapter Thirty-Seven: How In The World
Chapter Thirty-Eight: Resolution
Chapter Thirty-Nine: Commencement
Chapter Forty: Sophistication
Chapter Forty-One: Hell Hath No Fury
Chapter Forty-Two: Season of Purpose
Chapter Forty-Three: Tangled Web
Chapter Forty-Four: Lovin' Life
Prologue
About the Author
Discover the Arcaned West Series 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter One: Blood

Blood. Oh, the blood. The two were getting into another fight. He saw the blood and felt the excitement rise up in his body. He loved blood, the violence, the aggression. His body started to tingle and he wanted to make the feeling last. He grabbed his cell phone and began to record.

She came into the living room. "What are you doing!? Stop them!" she cried. He could not stop himself. The excited feeling was taking over him. "Stop it!" she cried running out of the kitchen and into the living room. He knew that she hated these fights between the dogs but he did not care. She was weak, mindless, unexciting. He always questioned why he ever married her. He missed Julia.
*****
It would be another day in the office as usual. Mondays always were the same thing but sometimes held surprises. Working in the outdoor advertising accounting section was very boring. Same old excuses from the clients. Same old bullshit from upper management that did not know their asses from a hole in the ground. He took his time driving to work listening to his classical music all the while savoring the memory of the bloody fight the night before.
Steve pulled into the agency parking lot and drove past the reserved executive parking spaces that he so desperately wanted to park in one day. He tried to shake off his flash of anger and concentrated on where to park. He eventually found a tiny space close to the entrance but decided not to as he did not want to have anyone damage his car. Finally, he decided on a spot farther away where very few cars were parked. That's all he needed was some a-hole denting his car. God, how he hated this. He deserved better. He vowed that sooner than later he would have an executive spot up front next to the president's space.
He sat in his car a few moments, taking a deep breath as he prepared himself to get out of the car and enter the glass high-rise building. He thought about how much he hated this job but the money was good and he would be able to retire in comfort one day. Then, he could watch bloody fights all the time.
He finally got out of his car and entered the building. He grunted hello to security and took the elevator to the second floor administration level. After exiting the elevator, he walked along the long hallway to his division section all the while cursing himself for not demanding a better position in the company. Upon reaching the etched glass doorway, he entered the door code on the side key pad and impatiently waited for the doors to open. Once opened, he headed back to his office area. He barely replied when the assistants said good morning and instead continued his silent walk into his office. He sat down in his chair, turned on his computer, and checked his emails. Another bullshit email from the National Sales Director. A stupid email from an assistant requesting a report. Another complaint from a different section about that idiot local sales executive who does not know her job. He was wondering why he had to do everything and why his staff was so incompetent. 
Now, his phone was ringing. It was the Local Sales Director to see if Steve would be in today as he had a couple of things to go over with him. He assured the Director that he would be in the office all day. He wondered what he wanted now. According to Steve, upper management already knew how incompetent Steve's staff was and that Steve was the one and only who always straightened things out. No one could do what he does. He was valuable and irreplaceable. God help him.
He unlocked his desk drawer, pulled out the silver flask, and poured the liquor into his coffee he brought from home. He always relaxed and saw things differently after a few cups of his special homemade coffees. The fantasies that came from the liquor effects always brought a physical charge and energy to his body. So many times, he had to stop himself from acting upon those fantasies while at work.
He knew that one of the sales executives, Yvette, was always messing up on her work, but he liked her anyway. Yvette reminded him so much of Julia with her beautiful hair and smooth skin. When he worked in the office at another company as a sales agent, Steve would have special lunch dates with his beautiful mistress, Julia. Steve and Julia had been having an affair for a couple of years before she married someone else.
His heart would always be broken as he was stuck with his stupid wife. Too much to lose financially. Nevertheless, he could not stop wanting Julia. Her sexual tastes kept him coming back for more as Julia was like a drug that he could not stop and did not want to stop. Just like Yvette, Julia had the curves and knew how to flaunt it. Such a tease. Oh, the thought of her perfect body. It broke him to be unable to touch her body and be with her anymore so he left the other company where they had worked together and took the accounting supervisor job where he was now. He wished that he could find another like her. He knew that no one could ever compare but he had to find someone that he could have, could teach, and that would not leave him.
He started to get excited reliving his encounters with Julia when the sales office assistant, Charly, knocked on his door. She needed the end of the month figures for the monthly data projection report. Didn't she already send an email? He wished that Charly would stop interrupting his very erotic daydreams. He pulled himself together and brought up the data figures on his computer and emailed them to her. He was hoping that she would leave him alone the rest of the day.
It was 8:30am when Yvette arrived. As she walked by Steve's door, he composed himself as much as possible and asked her to come into his office once she was settled. The liquor in his body was taking its' effect and he felt the sexual tension start to rise. He had to be tough on her. Oh, yes. His internal fantasy continued as he wanted her to see how strong he was as a man. He could teach her and show her things. In his mind, he knew that she would come to her senses one day. He heard the rumors of her sexual escapades at another agency and he wanted her so badly that he ached. He would make himself the only key to her future. He knew that she would come around one day. He needed to feel his body touching hers.
Today must have been her sterling silver jewelry day. She wore a light white sweater with dark pants and had a sterling silver beaded necklace on with matching bracelets and earrings. She loved tranquility as evidenced with her feng shui decorated desk and walls but his focus was how her sweater and slightly tight pants curved her body just so. Oh, how he wanted to rip off her clothes and take her body right now.
Yvette tapped lightly on Steve's door and he quickly brought himself back to reality. Motioning for her to come in and sit down, he felt his senses go wild. Oh, that sweater. Oh, her sensuous perfume. His excitement was so strong that he was thankful his lower part of his body was hidden behind the desk.
He had to look away at his computer. He told her that he got an email from the section handling the corporate restaurant project and she had not completed the required information and appointment meetings. It had been due a week earlier. He asked her why she had not done it. In his mind, he thought if only she had come to him earlier, he could have helped her and then gone to dinner afterwards to further the relationship. She would never have to worry again as long as he was in charge. She quietly responded that there were three other projects that he had given her that commanded immediate attention. She added that the additional projects' time requirements and daily office meetings that he demanded cut into her time for completing the restaurant campaign in a timely manner. As she was speaking, his attention faded to her body and how she might come to like the blood like his Julia did. He had to snap his mind back to the conversation so Yvette would not suspect, would not know...at least not yet.
He told her to get it done today and email him when it was done. He was very stern with her because she needed to be punished. Such a bad girl. Turn her over his knee and spank her until she too became aroused. His wife, Belinda, never liked that. She was boring, a dead fish when it came to sex. He dismissed Yvette and then refocused on the rest of his emails while he waited for his erection to subside.
Yvette went back to her desk upset and angry. Every day, at least six to nine times a day, he would call her in his office for some stupid bullshit thing or another. It was always Yvette this or Yvette that. She was good at what she did and had been with the company a lot longer than Steve had. Three years to be exact. She knew that it was definitely a "he" problem, not hers. Yet, she could not stop wondering how so many people had problems with him. How many people transferred out just to get away from him and nothing was ever done about it? She shook off the negative thoughts and began to work on her projects. She also had a business meeting with a client tomorrow and he would not be attending. Thank God, he was starting his vacation tomorrow. At least, she would have some peace even if it were only for a short time. He always gave her the creeps. Something did not seem right with him.
While the office assistant was on her lunch break, Yvette fielded the incoming calls. On this particular day, a call came in for the Local Sales Manager who happened to be on vacation that week. The caller was a regular client who was not sure how to handle the latest incident that happened the other day when she had a visit from Tyler and his supervisor, Steve. The client, Sheila, did not want to speak to either one of them and was glad that a female had answered her call. Yvette was concerned and asked what happened and how could she help her. The client hesitantly related a very disturbing story.
During a contract-signing lunch meeting at her home, Tyler and Steve discussed the customer's business goals and profitability as well as what the company contract would entail. After they were all done, Sheila decided to go ahead, sign the contract, and waive the 72 hours notice. She had worked with the ad company before and it was the usual standard contract. Tyler left to go outside to the car but Steve had asked if he could use the bathroom. When he did not come out of the bathroom after about fifteen minutes, Sheila went to the bathroom door and knocked. She did not realize that the door was slightly ajar so when she knocked, the door opened slightly. In front of the toilet, Steve was masturbating and moaning. The woman screamed at him to get out. He quickly stopped, zipped up his pants, and ran out of the bathroom. He stumbled as he ran for the front door but caught himself. He quickly ran out to the car where Tyler was waiting and the two drove away. At that point, Sheila had called her husband but without any witnesses, it would be she said-he said, all with no proof.
Yvette was floored. She always knew that Steve was odd, but this was more than disturbing. She asked the client if she had filed a police report. What else could she say? No one would believe the story and Tyler would definitely back up his buddy Steve. The woman did not want to start anything especially having already signed the contract along with rescinding the legal 72 hours of changing her mind. She was going to send her payment with a male manager from her office just so she would never have to see Steve again nor let him in the home or business. She was afraid that he might do something to her, her business, or family if she reported it. They knew where they lived and she did not trust him. She was never going to sign with the firm again. She warned Yvette to be careful...very careful.
After her conversation with the client, Yvette felt sick to her stomach that she had to work with this bastard of a supervisor. She began to write down everything discussed during the phone call knowing that it could potentially be useful later on. Feeling what she felt and knowing what she knew, she was afraid now as his daily fixation on her was even more alarming. So much so, that Steve did not call anyone else in his office as much as he did her. The way he would gaze at her and look her up and down with glassy eyes and a depraved look on his face, she now feared that he was obsessed with her. An obsession that sent chills to her very core. She never wanted to be alone with him again...ever. She was scared.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Two: Good Ole Boys Club

Every Friday night, Steve would go to the bar and meet Tyler and Kevin where they would drink several rounds, watch sports on the TVs, and shoot some pool. The more Steve drank, the better the women in the bar looked.  He loved those tight shirts with plunging necklines. He was the absolute king of flirting and manipulating the ladies.

He started picking up more and more women especially since he could not watch his daughter anymore. He used to go to the restaurant where she worked to watch her serve meals and drinks, making sure that no one got out of line with her or put a hand on her. Steve knew what whores men were and what they only wanted from women and it was not going to be done to his daughter. He was the only one allowed to do things to his baby girl. It's a shame that she moved out of the house and got married. He loved putting his hands on her, teaching her, getting her ready for marriage one day. Because he missed her so much, he had put her high school cheerleader picture on his desktop and would stare at it all day. It always calmed him and took him to a place of feeling good...really good.

It was good that he sat at a desk all day at work where his thoughts and excitement could be hidden.
*****
It was a Friday night and Steve started his mini-vacation from work. His favorite bar, Rathbone's Brink was probably too packed so he decided to go to Hick 'n Britches. It was a little bit more yuppie, usually packed, but still another popular bar far enough away from where he worked.

Just as he thought, Hick 'n Britches was also packed and it took him a while to make his way up to the bar to order a beer. Tyler and Kevin should be there any minute. He felt close to those two especially since they had shared many good times together. All three of them had the same sexual tastes but Steve was definitely into acting out the sexual fantasies a bit more than Tyler and Kevin could stomach. They had seen Steve do some really depraved things but they just took it in stride as he always had their backs as a reward for not saying anything. If they said anything, then Steve had a lot to say about them. So, their fate was sealed as they continued to follow Steve and his escapades.

This particular night, a thin woman with big breasts and long dark hair was sitting at the bar. She had just had a fight with her boyfriend and just wanted to get smashed. Steve saw them arguing and knew just how to plan his encounter. He slowly made his way to the bar, stood next to her, and ordered a Heineken. As he waited for his beer, he looked over at her and smiled. Half intoxicated, she smiled back and said that her name was Jillian. He replied, "Steve." She told him what beautiful eyes he had and how she liked men with blue eyes, baldheads, and mustaches. He smiled and asked why such a beautiful woman was drinking alone at the bar. "Relationship issues," she replied.

Steve sensed that he might be lucky with her tonight. Her tattoos on her arms and delicate nose piercing seemed to advertise a carefree live-for-the-moment attitude. He liked that. He wondered what else on her body was pierced. He looked deeper into her eyes searching for her desires. Maybe she had some deep yearnings yet to discover. He could show her and she would like it.

As they talked, Steve moved a long strand of her hair that had fallen in her face. Turning his attention to the other parts of her body, he began to gently stroke and caress her arm, brushing ever so slightly against her left nipple. She laughed and leaned in closer to him. Just as they were getting cozy with each other, Tyler and Kevin showed up at the bar. Steve turned to them and saw their knowing looks on their faces. Another night of fun and amusement for the boss. Steve introduced them to Jillian and then bought the four of them a round of beers.

After almost two beers, Jillian had to go to the ladies room and asked Steve to watch her beer until she got back. He watched her as she stumbled through the crowd all the while admiring her long lean legs and tight ass. He could feel the sexual excitement and longing growing inside of him. Yes, this was definitely going to be a fun night.

Tyler was the first to speak and asked Steve if she would be good. As Steve lifted his bottle of beer, he slowly nodded and stared straight ahead with that glassy far-away look that he got in his eyes when he had "plans" for someone. Steve reached into his pocket, palmed a small green pill, and dropped it casually into her beer bottle. All three men grinned from ear to ear. Yes, it was going to be a fun-filled night and Steve was smooth. He was going to use his usual line that he always used for unsuspecting and drunk females of looking at the new shed behind the bar. He had known the owners for years and knew that they used the shed as a mini room for when they stayed on the property rather than go home. Once in the shed, he could lock the door and have fun.

Looking around the large crowd at the bar tonight, Steve had second thoughts about it. Deep down, he did not want to be careless, too many witnesses. Besides, it was no fun when he could not look into their eyes, hear the moans, and feel their pain.  He then moved his arm near Jillian's beer bottle and knocked it over. He asked the bartender to get her another bottle, unopened, when she returned. Tyler and Kevin looked at each other and wondered why he did that. Confused, they started to leave the bar with Steve and worked their way through the crowd into the darkness of the night outside. Plenty of people were standing outside talking, flirting, and trying to go to a hotel with someone. Once outside, they confronted Steve who told them, "Because."

The moon was full and a soft breeze filled the air. The three men went back to their cars. Tyler and Kevin left, but Steve stayed behind just sitting in his car watching the people outside. If they only knew. Maybe another time soon before the feelings could no longer be contained.

Steve started up his car and started driving down the long path down to the main road. He had been coming to Hick 'n Britches for many years. Since high school actually. He was too young to drink but he looked the age and tipped well so they never carded him. He enjoyed Scotch but seemed to stick to only beers and whiskey these days. After a while, it got old going into the same bar on the weekends. Always the same losers, same sluts, same drunks. He was getting tired of this place and thought about finding somewhere else. Maybe further away like taking the I-305 over the bridge to Bainbridge Island and along the Puget Sound coast. Lots of dives up and down from there to the shoreline. There were also a lot of areas that were deserted. Places where he could be anonymous, alone, and find different women.

Steve thought about finding some new places further away to go to but what would he do with Tyler and Kevin? They were his lookouts, his backup. He worked with them every day. He would have to figure out something. Their marketing territories covered a large geographical area and their computer database contained a lot of client and potential client confidential information. In the past, the trio would then conduct surveillance on where the female clients lived, what times they came and left, any children, where they worked, and especially if there were any men in the ladies' lives. Tyler and Kevin were very good at surveillance and Steve always got the exact information and footage that he needed. They would have detailed notes and would learn every aspect of the woman's life all the while working under the guise of cold visits to clients. Then, when they "accidently" bumped into a female client, it would seem like she knew them all her life, felt comfortable and safe with them. If clients refused to conform to any of the trio's requests, then pictures always seemed to guarantee compliance. They had the best of all worlds where they could combine their work with pleasure. Their happiness depended on it.

Steve reached the I-3 and continued home. Although it was only a twenty-minute drive to his house, it seemed longer tonight for some reason. He pulled his BMW into the driveway and turned off the ignition. He sat in his car feeling very tired and just wanted to go to bed. He got out of the car, unlocked the front door, and sat down on the living room couch to watch some TV. His two pit bulls, Bandit and Max, came over to greet him, tired too but happy to see him. He decided that he did not want to watch TV and probably should go to bed. He quietly went into the bedroom and got undressed. His wife was sound asleep and he thought how peaceful she looked. He wished that he could sleep that soundly without a care in the world. His world seemed like it was on an entirely different plain where it was a replay of the day before and the day before that. He wished that he could find the contentment that his wife had right now. Maybe one day...

All week, Steve continued his bar hopping. His everyday hated job reality reared its' ugly head again as back-to-work Monday had officially arrived with the alarm going off at 6am. Damn that loud alarm! He had just gotten to sleep about five hours before and he did not want to hear the screech of the clock as his wake up call. Have to find a different clock. The sun was already peaking through the bedroom curtains lighting up the room while sweeping away the darkness. He liked the darkness and rain better. He felt comfortable and at ease with the feelings that it brought. Steve hated that it was going to be another sunny day.

Steve got up stretching slowly and then reset the alarm clock for Belinda. He shuffled into the bathroom and stopped at the sink. He splashed some cold water on his face and slowly looked at himself in the mirror as he dried his face. He thought that he had a mature face, not too old, but still handsome.

His mind began to drift back to when he was younger, when he first felt alone. His father went out drinking one night and never came back home. That left Steve's mother to care for the two of them. She would work a night shift at the 24-hour diner and then go to work during the day at Grif's Department Store. Steve was only twelve years old at the time and soon became the "man" of the house. Every day after school, he would make a P&J sandwich or whatever was available for dinner, and then would do his homework. During the week, he would do the vacuuming, laundry, and dishes so his mother would have less to do. However, on the weekends, well, that was his time to play.

On one particular weekend in May, Steve had gone to Jack's house to play some basketball. Jack Grayson had been his friend ever since the 4th grade and the two were thick as thieves. On this weekend, Steve went to the house and knocked on the door. Mrs. Grayson opened the door and invited him in. He found out that Jack was not at home and that he had gone to his cousin's house last minute. When Steve tried to leave, Mrs. Grayson blocked the way out and offered Steve a glass of iced tea. Feeling a little bit bewildered, Steve had a glass of ice tea with her.

At first, the tea didn't taste right and he almost spit it out. Laughing, the scheming Mrs. Grayson had made him a Long Island Ice Tea and explained that adult men would drink those to relax. Not wanting to look weak and like a teenager, Steve bravely downed the rest of the drink. Since he was not used to drinking, the tea took effect quickly and he felt much more relaxed but different.

It would be a turning point sexually for Steve and an afternoon that he would never forget. To this day, Steve felt that what they did on that warm afternoon day in May was what guided him in the present. A pure craving for things outside of the norm. An ever-increasing desire for higher levels of excitement. His life and manhood were changed forever.

Shaking off the memory, Steve began to get ready for work. He showered, shaved, and got dressed. He was ready but not ready for work. Work had been and always will be boring. He needed outside activities more than ever now.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Three: Tyler Time

She was beautiful. Her shoulder length brown chestnut colored hair brought out her green colored eyes. She had a slim figure and her dealer uniform complimented it completely. He would see her walk across the casino floor every day and he wanted her in every sinful way possible. Sometimes, she would notice him and smile. She was divorced with a young daughter but she had the body and personality of a very available woman.

One day, he would have her, but could he keep her?

*****
Tyler was a destructive entity within himself. He had moved from New England out to the West coast. Being young, blonde, very tall, and athletic, he fit in very well especially with the ladies. He had worked as a dealer in Pennsylvania and now worked in a casino in California where the rules were different, but that was the way state gaming jurisdictions worked.

While he was happy with living in California, he longed for more excitement. One of the other dealers said that some of the Native American casinos in Washington were hiring. Considering that Tyler had just had a very nasty breakup with his latest girlfriend, moving on seemed like a solution to his ex-girlfriend's brother looking for him. There had been rumors that Dylan's brother, Stubs, had been in prison, but Tyler did not want to take any chances. He had broken Stub's baby sister's heart and her brother would be looking for someone to pay back with a good old-fashioned beat down. Tyler was a lover not a fighter so moving on was his best option for survival.

He finally found work in Washington as a dealer and seemed to settle in very well. The beautiful scenery, food, and people appeared to be a good mesh with Tyler's adventurous ways. It was at work in the casino where he first spotted Brooke and he had to get to know her. She was friendly but aloof with Tyler because she could tell that he was a womanizer and she did not have time for that nonsense. Everyone on the casino floor knew her as she was kind and, for the most part, friendly. Her distance was what made most of the men want to get to know her more, claim her for their own. She had a young daughter and she was not going to jeopardize her well-being and safety for the whims and wants of most of them. She made her point very clear. Nevertheless, Tyler being Tyler, was one who never took no for an answer.

His narcissistic personality would not let him not pursue Brooke.  No woman ever resisted his charm and he was hell-bent on this perceived challenge. Systematically, methodically, and gradually, he began the emotional grooming needed to have her. He would have her trust him and then he could move into her world.

As his plans to win Brooke did not seem to be making any headway for some reason, the dealing job was more and more of a grind with no purpose for Tyler. The customers were obnoxious, his body ached from standing most times, and he was getting older. He started to become depressed thinking that the casinos would become his eternal future with having to smile at jerk customers blowing smoke in his face and hurling insults at him all day. All this fun and he couldn't respond back. He was too good-looking and much better than this job that was so, so beneath him.

On the weekends, many of the dealers would go to the local bar, Rathbone's Brink, to unwind and socialize. The music was loud country rock and every night, the line-dancing floor was packed. It was the only hole-in-the-wall bar around for miles but was very popular with the locals and more down to earth. Everybody knew everybody and it was just a good little place to socialize.

It was on a weekend late in the fall that Tyler went to the bar and met his future wife, Nina. While Tyler was at the bar drinking a beer, Nina came up to the bar next to him and ordered a drink. He looked over at her and was amused at her interaction with the bartender. She was happy, funny, and friendly. Although she had a hard looking edge to her face, Tyler thought that she was cute. Oh, why not. Turning to her, he said hello and they exchanged pleasantries. In their conversation, they found out that they worked at the same casino as dealers on day shift but dealt different games. As the evening went on, their conversation deepened along with the alcohol that they were consuming. By the end of the night, the two were in a motel together. They both needed the sexual release but Nina found Tyler was different. Maybe it was the alcohol doing the talking but he had some very strange desires. Desires that deeply concerned Nina but she chose to ignore them.

Over the next few months, Tyler and Nina continued seeing each other. Tyler thought that she was a good person, not very attractive, but had a good heart. About four months into the relationship, Nina was pregnant. Not being very happy about that and still hopelessly hoping for a relationship with Brooke, Tyler finally decided that he would have to settle for Nina. Tyler suggested that they fly to Las Vegas and get married. Her family would be upset because everyone in the family was very religious and always had a traditional church wedding. They would be mortified that she was pregnant before getting married and would be over-the-top ticked off if they eloped. Nevertheless, the two decided to go to Vegas anyway. It was his "shot gun wedding" as he referred to it over the years. However, little did he know what the shotgun would entail.

After they got married and Nina told her extremely angry family, Tyler wanted to get a better, more secure job with benefits, weekends, and holidays off especially with a little one on the way. He wanted normalcy. His luck was going to come to him at the casino in the form of a customer that sat down at his Blackjack table to play. During the course of general conversation between them, Tyler found out that the customer was a supervisor at a prestigious advertising company in Seattle. With his position as a supervisor, he could put in a good word for him with his superiors. 

It was a slow day on the casino floor so it was only Tyler and one customer at the table who was tipping well. Always one who helped those who helped him, Tyler did his "special" shuffle that helped the customer win several hands while their conversation continued. Tyler would have to go to a preliminary group interview, but was almost assured to get the job as a sales executive when the position became available within the next couple of weeks. The starting salary, benefits, and especially the 5-figure bonuses were hard to turn down. The two then arranged to meet up with contact information during Tyler's next break.

After work, Tyler emailed the supervisor his resume and was interviewed a couple of days later for the sales position. He did poorly on his interview, but that did not matter as he had an "in" to the job. He reached out to the supervisor and let him know that he had had the interview. Within a week, Human Resources called him in to be processed as an employee. So that is how he met Steve, his casino customer and future boss. Tyler now had "juice" as they say in the gaming industry.

Tyler started the new job in sales. Unlike his previous work in the casinos, he was now a part of an extremely exclusive ad agency. Instead of some low-life casino dealing job, he worked for an international company and could transfer anywhere in the world. He felt the power and immense sense of superiority that he could bring to the job. Within the first six months, he brought in over $1 million in accounts placing him at the top in his office. As his ego grew, so did his desires. His self-worth in his job was now worthy of an enhanced image in his personal life. For Tyler, the world was his and he was going to claim it.

It was in his office that he met Denise, a beautiful red head with bright blue eyes. As their relationship grew, the relationships that they had with their respective spouses waned. Tyler and Nina began to fight constantly so he left Nina and moved into an apartment. Denise stayed with her unrelenting, jealous, and suspicious husband, Ramon. Every day at work, there was some sort of drama between Tyler, Denise, and her husband Ramon. At one point, Ramon became so obsessed with his wife that he threatened to come into the office and beat up Tyler. Precautions were then taken at the company, restraining orders placed, and Denise moved out on her own and away from Ramon. Office romances always come with their own set of emotional drama and baggage. Tyler was never the best at making personal decisions.

The company supported Tyler, as he was one their very best sales executives bringing in a load of money for corporate in such a short amount of time. For Tyler, it was too much personal and professional drama, so he broke up with Denise and went his separate way. About six months later, and after the birth of their son, Tyler and Nina decided to try again while Denise remarried and had twin boys. All seemed to settle back down to normal for Tyler but with one very important ultimatum: Nina forgave him but warned Tyler if he cheated again, she would take their son and leave for good. Little did she know just how prophetic leaving was...and what it would soon cost her.

Tyler and his wife decided to buy a new home as it would be a new beginning all the way around for them. His salary would support it and Nina could find something else part time if she wanted to so she would not have to work the odd days and shifts in the casino anymore. For several months, they searched and finally found their house of their dreams. It was a beautiful 5,000 square foot house with cathedral ceilings, modern kitchen, and a huge deck in the back yard. It was definitely built for a person of good financial standing, a person of importance...someone like Tyler. His ego expanded even further.

It was a cold winter day in February when Tyler's mother and her new husband had come out to California on business and flew to Washington for a week's visit. They wanted to stay at a hotel nearby so as not to intrude on the family especially since Tyler and Nina had just moved into their new home. They were excited to see their new grandson and offered to babysit back at their hotel to give the two a quiet night of peace, relaxation, and rest.

On that particular night, Tyler started a fire in the fireplace and they both fell asleep in front of the glorious flames. A few hours later, Tyler awoke to smoke in the house. His panic deepened as he realized that the alarms had not gone off. He had forgotten to change the batteries when they first moved in a couple of weeks ago. It was then that he made a life changing decision. A decision that he thought would cure everything. As the smoke became more intense, Tyler covered his nose and waited at the front door. He looked over at a chair by the front door and saw a jacket draped over it. He covered his face with the jacket, picked up his cell phone on the table near the door, and just waited. The smoke was burning his eyes and was so thick and ominous that he could wait no longer so he dialed 9-1-1. Once he heard the fire engine sirens in front of the house, he stumbled out of the front door all the while coughing and gagging, appearing weak, and barely able to breathe. By opening the door, he had created a huge back draft that only intensified the flames.

He tried to run back in but the firefighters stopped him. As his breathing became more labored, he told the firefighters between breaths that he had asthma and would need medical treatment. When they asked what happened and if anyone else was in the house, he told them that he and his wife had fallen asleep by the fireplace. When he awoke, the smoke was so intense that he could not see anything. There was no fire alarm going off. He was panicking. He could not find his wife. He pleaded and cried with the firefighters to find and save his wife. As they rushed in, Tyler feigned the beginnings of a panic attack. The paramedics had arrived and began giving him treatment.

They found poor Nina's body, lifeless and burnt. The coroner ruled her death as an accident resulting from smoke inhalation. The fire investigator also ruled the fire as an accident that had started in the drywall right above the fireplace. Tyler had just added decorative stone to the mantel but he was not going to say a word. Tyler could not have asked for a better situation. He was now free and would have sole custody of his son. He tried to contain his relief and exhilaration. Life was good again.

All of his coworkers were sympathetic to Tyler. His narcissistic ego thrived on being the poor man, now alone and with an infant son. Nina's funeral had a long line at her viewing and had standing room only at the church Mass. Her parents, Rose and Anthony, were distraught at the loss of their only daughter. Nina's brother, Angelo, was still in shock and disbelief.

It was at the viewing where some of Nina's family members began to have doubts, not trust the story of her death. Her parents were absolutely devastated and racked with grief but her brother, Angelo, was angry. Very angry. Why hadn't Tyler gotten his sister out when he was right next to her? His gut instinct said that his now former brother-in-law was not telling the whole story but rather skirting the truth. He had no trust for Tyler as he kept the pregnancy and shot gun wedding a secret so what were the other secrets he was keeping from them? Now this? And his poor sister forgave this piece of scum. What a lying sack of shit. Hardly containing himself, Angelo went up to Tyler, leaned in, and whispered in his ear, "I know you had something to do with it," with his dark brown eyes burning intently at Tyler. "I know," he repeated. Tyler feigned shock as best he could, trying to remain calm while Angelo's burning gaze of pure hatred into his eyes shook him to the pit of his stomach. Tyler assured him that he did all that he could have possibly done. He related to him how the flames and smoke were too intense and that he could not see or breathe. "Right," Angelo responded.

In Tyler's mind, he had been vindicated in the officials' reports. But in Angelo's mind, Tyler was the root cause.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Four: DiCanarino

They say that children can be cruel whether adults are watching or not. Many children are not prepared for bullying, so they resort to the best resources that they have. He learned as a child how to work the child "network" system and became quite skilled at it. He was a small and weak child who became the most adept snitch to the biggest bully in the school. "Better watch yourself," others warned. For even if he did not have any truths to tell, he would embellish or totally make things up. It was a skill that he fine-tuned all of his life. Now, Kevin DiCanarino would use those skills in the corporate world.

*****
Kevin was a weak soul. Standing 5'11" with a paunchy belly, balding on the top of his head, piercing blue eyes, and glasses, he was not your walk-into-and-command a room type. He was more of the type of geek you avoided at all costs. He was one that would theoretically hide in the bushes and shoot at people. One never knew where the attacks came from, but one could be assured that Kevin had his hand in whatever the drama some-how some-way.

At work, people tried to stay on his best side for fear of career suicide if they did not. His surly manner and mood swings were legendary. One time, he berated a cleaning woman in the office because she did not origami the toilet paper in the bathrooms. Another time, he screamed at an office assistant why she put a staple hole on the right side instead of the left side of a packet of papers. His over-the-top criticisms were legendary. Management saw his behavior as strong, a true leader, and a real man. It was always the other employees who had to stand down, not Kevin. Others thought him a complete jerk who would get his comeuppance one day. They always do. What goes around, comes around and his karma would be an enormous bitch when it did.

His family came from a small town outside of Farmland, Indiana where they had a fifty-acre farm growing corn and tomatoes. Indiana crops were well renowned and the DiCanarino's were no exception at producing some of the finest vegetables in the state. At a very young age, Kevin DiCanarino and his two brothers would wake up right before dawn to go out with their father to work in the fields for a few hours. Then, it would be a huge family breakfast and then off to school. Kevin became so good at knowing how to farm that he got together with a couple of his friends to create a unique Amish Paste type of plum tomato. Every day after school, they would tend to the little garden space nurturing their prized vegetables. They eventually entered their tomatoes in the State Fair and won Best in Show. It was the first and only time that Kevin would ever do something right without having to accusingly point at others and lie.

As most young people may experience, Kevin found his life on the farm very boring. When 9/11 happened, Kevin felt it was his duty to join the Army and fight for his country and for the Americans lost on that day. It was a perilous time for U.S. soldiers in the Middle East as the hatred on both sides fueled already heightened emotions and fighting. So, right after high school, he joined the military in 2003 and, after training as a Green Beret, was immediately assigned to go to Iraq. He was now a trained killer and knew his job very well. He quickly gained a reputation in his unit as being stealth and quick with his kill targets. It came effortlessly for him and he found that he could easily detach from killing another human being without any remorse or guilt.

It was during the Second Battle of Fallujah where Kevin's unit was one of many units that was a checkpoint to flush out reported insurgents within the city itself. As a military assault on the city was planned and beginning to be put into action, the citizens were being ordered to evacuate quickly in order to lessen casualties. As the last of the citizens made it out of the city, U.S. troops closed in. The battle raged for hours resulting in a large toll of many being killed and wounded including Kevin being hit by shrapnel. His foot was so badly injured that he had to have his foot amputated. After many months of physical therapy, he was given a medical discharge and was sent back to the United States for more therapy.

Once home in Indiana, Kevin was bitter but eventually began to re-evaluate his life and future. He began to realize that he was not alone in the struggle to come to terms with the casualties of war. Many in his unit lost far more than a foot and some did not come home at all. While losing his foot was devastating, he came to appreciate that he still had other skills and abilities that he could use. He decided that he would go back to school on the GI bill and get a degree. Two years after returning home, he graduated from community college with an Associate Degree in accounting and soon began to look for a job. He found work at an Indiana casino in the accounting department and quickly made his way up to a supervisor within his first year there. 

Other than his family, he had no ties to weigh him down. Wanting a fresh new start, he began to look for a better job in another state that would pay more money. He had read that the areas in and surrounding the Seattle and Tacoma job markets had grown so much in the past year, that many companies were offering perks not heard of where he was currently working. Gyms, sporting tickets, bonuses, and company events were a huge draw for the cloistered young man. In 2006, he finally found a senior lead accounting job with double his current salary at a large advertising company in Seattle.

Some say that the bigger a company, the more corrupt it is. On the other hand, is it that the individual is corrupt within such a corrupt environment where despicable behavior is considered commonplace? Whatever the psychology involved, Kevin fit right in with the others at his new job. Quiet at first, but ruthless over time, he was hell-bent on being in control of his kingdom no matter the cost.

Kevin's work at the company was so pristine that he found accounting errors from the past that resulted in a $4 million recovery with their corporate taxes. He was touted as an exemplary employee that other employees should emulate. He was so well respected by upper management that he received the employee of the year award. Cringing at his award, other employees winced because they knew how he was, how he treated employees, and how he manipulated corporate into thinking he was the greatest thing since the cell phone. They knew that, one day, his true colors would show to corporate as he got a little too big for his britches. They hoped that he would get his sooner rather than later. They felt that it was only a matter of time. How true, how true.

Kevin knew Steve and Tyler from normal everyday interactions at the company. He heard the rumors about Steve and his odd ways. Appalled yet curious, he would find out more about Steve's personal time and bizarre outings.  All that he knew about Tyler was that he had just lost his wife so he invited him for a couple of beers after work on a Friday night at Rathbone's Brink. Not wanting to make Steve mad, Tyler also invited Steve to meet up with them at the bar. Steve was never to be left out of any social outing - ever.

And so, it was at this point in time that the trio was formed. Not formed out of friendship but rather necessity, Steve's necessity to form a protective and tight circle around him. Kevin realized this right away because it was something that he had learned a long time ago as a child. Being friends with the hunter is better than being the hunted. On that, Steve and Kevin could not agree more.

It was on one of their usual Friday night appearances at Rathbone's Brink that Kevin met his future girlfriend, Natalie. Natalie was there with a group of her friends from work for a bachelorette party. Steve and Tyler first noticed the group but Kevin zeroed in on Natalie. She was a strawberry blonde with a killer physique to boot. Kevin inched his way over to the ladies' tables and asked Natalie if she would like to dance. They continued to talk and dance the night away and made plans to go out to dinner the following night. Natalie's beauty was not lost to Steve and Tyler either. They watched her body language and knew how much she was into Kevin. When they decided to call it a night, Kevin went back over to Steve and Tyler so they could leave together. They had come in the same car, of course, with Steve as the designated driver.

On the way driving home, Steve and Tyler commented to Kevin about Natalie's brick shit house body and how neither one of them would mind shaking her booty all night long. With concentrated anger that he had not felt since being in the military, Kevin shot back that they'd better leave that one alone because she was his. Knowing that he meant business, the two backed off of pushing anymore about Natalie and spent the rest of the ride home talking about sports. Still trying to pull back from the edge of no return with his anger, Kevin was grateful for the change in conversation because he really liked Natalie and wanted no harm to come to her. She was kind, gentle, and good. Probably the only good thing in his entire life right now. Nothing was going to ruin this predictable relationship. Not Steve, not Tyler, and not his military background. He had done some horrendous things in Iraq, things that would not leave his mind. He had to keep himself in check...for now.

Kevin and Natalie's relationship grew over the next couple of months and they decided to move in together. Living together brought a peaceful bliss to Kevin, an inner peace that had escaped him for many years.  A few months of living together resulted in Natalie becoming pregnant and Kevin was not happy. He felt that he couldn't be a good enough father to a child especially given that he had killed many people. But, over time, he felt a little better.

What changed his mind was seeing the ultrasound of the baby and feeling him move. He was going to have a son! Thoughts streamed through his mind of how he had killed so many and, now, he had created a living human being. As time moved on, he started to slowly come around and look forward to being a father.

But, he was still hesitant about getting married. This was a total upheaval in his world and now all of his plans had to change. Or so he thought...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Five: Drive

Associating with people can sometimes bring unwarranted reputations. Revenge is motivated by a perceived wrong reputation of others whether or not it is true. Some revenge seekers use aggression but aggression in itself is not limited to revenge. It can happen under any circumstance with any individual prone to the behavior.

Revenge can be a strong human emotion ripe with anger, justice, and possible blackmail if others know. When others find out, the circle of revenge can widen in scope and circle back to the original culprit. Sometimes all is lost and sometimes, things get very, very complicated.

*****
On the night that Kevin had met Natalie, the trio left the bar with Steve being the designated driver. He dropped off Kevin first and then continued to Tyler's friend's apartment where he was temporarily staying. He would be moving out of his friend's apartment next week into his own apartment while his house was still being practically rebuilt. His insurance company was taking f-o-r-e-v-e-r to pay for his house to be completely redone from the fire, but he was grateful for a place for himself and his son to stay.

Steve could read Tyler like a book and decided to push the gambit for future assurance of his absolute loyalty. Although the fire was deemed an accident, Steve was going to try another angle, one where he had no proof at all but he was damn good at reading people. When he stopped the car in front of the apartment building, he looked at Tyler and said that he knew what really happened to Nina. He personally spoke to his friend, the fire marshal, about the fire and what could have been the real cause. He assured Tyler that all was ok now. Steve had taken care of Tyler's "situation" for him and that no one would ever know. Looking at Tyler's face, Steve could see that he had hit the mark. His statement shook Tyler so much that his retort was incomplete and stumbling. His reaction was so bad that Steve broke into a grin and told him that he got his number loud and clear. Steve's smart-ass grin was a silent acknowledgement of what Tyler did - or rather did not do the night of the fire. His grin also communicated to Tyler that he had better keep in line or his world could very easily topple in a blink of an eye. Steve now had Tyler just where he wanted him. His loyalty was guaranteed...until Steve did not need him anymore.

Tyler quickly scrambled out of the car and Steve drove off. Steve could not help but think what an idiot Tyler was. He could not find his way out of a parking garage with arrows if it was not for Steve. But, he did have his usefulness, he supposed.

As he continued his drive home, his thoughts turned to Yvette and what he was going to do with her. Although he was her supervisor, he had an office personnel file but would have to go through HR for more. Not wanting to draw suspicion trying to access her file, he would just have to review over and over again what information was available in the office file. He was trying to get a grasp of her life, her work, her education, her personal life. No matter how many times he read it, he still could not get a clear understanding of how she thought, felt, and comprehended things in life. She was a hard nut to crack but he was not going to give up. The challenge was now on.

Steve got home and went to bed. He had to get up early to work on employee evaluations with Yvette's being on the top of his list. He pondered how to use it as leverage so she would be his. He suddenly thought of her finances. Was she having any issues with money? He would have to come up with an idea to jeopardize her job and would explore it better when he got into the office in the morning. Yes, at some point, the opportunity would materialize.

The damn alarm clock went off again at 6am. The screech this morning was beyond tolerable. Steve showered, got dressed, and got into his car for the ride to work. The sun was shining and all was going to be good. If it were not, he would make it so. He continued driving, listening to his classical music, and drifted into a semi-day dream. In his relaxed state, he did not see the red light in front of him and ran through the intersection. His car was sideswipe by a mini-van driven by a college student and the impact rolled Steve's BMW over several times before it came to rest between some trees in the park. With his air bag deployed, engine smoking, and unable to open the driver's side door, Steve was stuck with an air bag in his chest and was going in and out of conscientiousness. The next thing he remembered was waking up in a hospital room with dopey Belinda by his side. He asked her what had happened and she told him that he had gone through a red light and was hit. He had been in a coma for the past 5 days and  had surgery immediately when he arrived at the hospital. His spleen was ruptured, his left shoulder was broken along with his nose, and the right femur bone in his leg was broken and had to be repaired. Belinda was relieved he was alive but Steve wished that Julia was sitting next to him instead. Or better yet, Yvette. Anybody but Belinda.

Belinda had alerted the nurse that Steve was conscious so the room quickly became flooded with all sorts of medical staff going in and out, taking blood, putting things in, removing this, removing that. All he wanted was to be left alone and for Belinda to get the hell of out of his room. His pain started to become intense so they gave him another shot of morphine. That was the last thing he remembered until he woke up again four hours later in intense pain. Another shot of morphine and he was out again.

The next day, Steve encouraged Belinda to go to work, that he would be fine. There were plenty of professionals there that would help him. She could come and visit when she was done work but didn't have to...he just wanted to sleep. Realizing his tone, Bea backed down and said that she would go and take care of Bandit and Max. Still hesitant, she gave Steve a gentle kiss on the forehead and he shot her a look to leave him alone. Steve watched her walk out of the room and then breathed a sigh of relief. He wanted to be alone. He was glad to be alone.

It was in the late morning one day after Belinda had left that Steve's ICU nurse, Tina, was going to have to walk him up and down the hall so he would not get blood clots. Tina was in her early thirties, thin, beautiful face, and had the most beautiful eyes. Steve found something familiar in her face, something in common. A thief will always recognize a fellow thief. And so it was with Tina.

Over the course of the next couple of weeks, Tina would change his bedding and help Steve with everyday things such as changing into clean gowns, shaving, and his absolutely favorite time, bathing. She was gentle around his private area and would spend a good amount of time just cleaning and then just stroking and stroking his legs - for circulation reasons of course - while they talked. Steve thought how well she must have known how to bring gratification to a man. He was not ashamed of his excitement showing nor was she embarrassed by it. As a matter of fact, it was something strongly encouraged by the both of them. They would just look at one another with knowing smiles and grins. During these times, they would also talk and Steve found out quite a bit of information about Miss Terri. So he thought.

Tina had lived in Virginia with her husband and was a nurse at the naval hospital. She took care of her mother during hospice in her home and then a year later, had to take care of her husband after he was diagnosed with a Stage 4 pancreatic cancer. After the deaths of her loved ones and with no children to tie her down, she decided to make a change and move out West. She liked the Washington area and felt that she had found peace there.

She was a nurse and Steve knew that she was used to a lot of things. Things that are scary to others, but most assuredly not to him or her. He decided to feel her out more and connect on a different level. He knew that she had some secret deep down inside. Something that she could not share with anyone. But, he was going to get it out of her somehow, some way. He could feel it but did not know that she brought a completely new darkness that he had never ever encountered.

He was very curious. Yes, very curious. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Six: By Design

Her sister-in-law had picked out a beautiful china pattern. Brothers got the best college          education AND a wedding. Mom and Dad did not love them all the same.

Greed and envy make people do funny things. Things that they may not normally do. Social status and power devaluate those that are not deemed worthy or unacceptable. When no one appears valuable, the egotist feels superior. It then becomes survival of the fittest as each thinks that they are superior above the other.  
*****
What Steve did not know was that Tina had been the sole and total caretaker of her mother. In Miss Tina's mind, she had two useless and ignorant brothers. Jackson lived in Connecticut and Louis lived in Massachusetts and not once did they offer to help or visit. So, Tina had all of the legal rights concerning her mother including Power of Attorney and Medical Power of Attorney. She also got 80% in her mother's will with 10% each per brother. Tina made certain that she got almost everything.

What her brothers did not know was that their mother had over $1 million in the bank with 10,000 shares of Blue Chip stock. Yes, Tina was going to be set for life but not until her mother was completely gone and buried. It was during her mother's hospice that she would give her regular medications along with her pain medications. Each night, Tina would give her mother a small shot glass of Brandy as was her custom. Then, she would administer a higher and higher dose of morphine at night and then in the morning. Finally, her mother succumbed into a coma and died. Tina clocked in the time of death as 10am and signed off of her paperwork. She then called the mortician to pick up the body and quietly sat next to her mother and waited. Carter, Tina's husband at the time, sat down next to her. They turned and looked at each other and broke into the biggest grins they could muster. They were rich and the old bat was dead. After the mortician picked up the body and left for the funeral home, Carter and Tina then left for the bank and the financial advisor offices.

Now Tina had a problem. She did not want to share with Carter. Plus, he knew way too much to keep his big mouth shut. But, she did not have much longer to wait as Carter was diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer, a highly aggressive-spreading cancer that the doctors gave her husband a life expectancy of 1-3 months. Within one month of his diagnosis, Carter died and Tina breathed a sigh of relief. Once she got all of the red tape completed between her mother and her husband, Tina moved across country to Washington where she could have a fresh start and be set financially. She still had to lay low and look like she wanted to work, maybe even find a rich doctor. But now, she was finally free to do what she wanted to do without answering to anyone.

It was during one of her rounds at the hospital that she had heard about a high-powered employee with an exclusive ad agency in ICU who had been in a horrific car accident. So Tina made sure that she would be assigned as Steve's ICU nurse and made sure to be with him every minute of her shift. Despite his cuts and bruises, she thought that he had a handsome, chiseled face and a nice build. Maybe when he awoke, she would be able to connect with him. She wanted to get to know him better.

After he awoke from his coma, Tina continued her daily "medical relationship" with Steve. Always by his side, making sure that she helped him throughout his recovery and physical therapy even after he was transferred out of ICU. When he was ready to leave the hospital and go home, there was a sadness for both. They wanted to see each other again but Belinda was there by his side also almost every day.

At this point in time, Tina could have cared less about Belinda. Steve was her target.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Seven: Difference

Some have somewhat of a conscience, some do not. While they have a lot in common, the one without the conscience does not fear what they do. In fact, their risky behavior can bring a sense of calm, even a sense of enjoyment if one could call it that. Some are just born that way while others are a product of their environment. Some are impulsive while others are calculating.

But only one can be deadly as guilt does not exist in their emotional dictionary.

*****
Steve went home from the hospital and continued his speedy recovery. His BMW was totaled but he still wanted to get behind the wheel of a car again. The last month of his medical leave, he bought a brand new BMW convertible because he felt that life was too short and he wanted to live it. It was out on a drive in his new car that Steve decided to drive to Rathbone's Brink without Tyler and Kevin.

It was a busy night at the bar and he finally made his way to the rail. He ordered his usual beer and began to peruse the crowd. It was then that he saw her. He saw Tina. He made his way over to her and they both smiled at each other and began talking. They talked the entire night, almost to closing. As each hour passed by, they were more and more intimate with groping, touching, and kissing. Finally, the two left together and headed to the nearest motel. It was an incredible night for them both. Tina, willing to try anything and everything and Steve with his renewed strength and prowess. They continued throughout the entire night over and over and over again. They had finally met their match in each other and they did not want to let go. Finally, Steve had to leave to go home and get ready for work. Tina was worried that his wife would be angry and worried. Steve knew that she would not say a word. He was the King of his castle and he ruled everything and everyone in it. They exchanged cell numbers and would make plans to meet again. The kind of connection that they had tonight would definitely want to be repeated. They continued kissing and touching while they got dressed, but had to go their separate ways...for now.

Over the next six months, Steve and Tina met every weekend at the motel. The time away from each other between weekends was so excruciating that when they finally did meet, it was a physical marathon of hours and hours of no-holds barred sex. They had found something in each other that ignited higher and higher levels of frenzied and dangerous sex.

One night, after one of their exhausting, sweaty, and lengthy encounters, they both finally fell asleep. Tina woke up because Steve had become restless. It was then that Steve made a very, very critical mistake. When Tina leaned over to kiss him out of his nightmare, he murmured Yvette's name. Steve was still in deep slumber and did not realize what he had said. Tina was furious. She quickly got dressed, got her purse, and left the room to get into her Camaro and leave. Unbeknownst to her, a dark colored Chevy with tinted windows was parked among a number of cars in the motel parking lot. Click, click, click went the high definition nighttime camera.

Tina drove off with the camera clicking away in her direction until she left the lot. The camera then turned back and was pointed at the motel room, waiting. Steve woke up and rolled over to find that Tina was gone. He quickly put on shorts, went to the front door, looked outside, and did not see her car in the lot. He tried calling and texting her but there was no answer. Click, click, click. He went back into the apartment, got dressed, and left. Click, click, click.

As he hurriedly drove away from the motel, Steve was in a panic. What happened? Where was she? He could not lose her. He needed her. Steve then decided to swing by her apartment. All the while, the dark colored Chevy was pacing behind him, filming Steve's journey and where he was going.

Steve pulled into the parking lot of La Casa Rosita apartments where Tina lived. He did not see her car and there was no light on in her apartment window. Sick to his stomach, he had no choice but to go home...to Belinda. Click, click, click.

Steve finally got home. He sauntered into the house, got undressed, took a shower, and crawled into bed. He was worried. This had never happened to him before and most definitely not with Tina. There was nothing that he could do but wait until tomorrow and try to reach out to her again. It felt as if he was only asleep for a few minutes when that damn alarm clock went off again. Belinda was still asleep so he reset it for an hour later for her to get up for work. He knew that she had an early morning meeting at work at the foster care non-profit.

Belinda was a good person, but too much of a Miss Prissy for Steve. They had gotten married in their early twenties and over their seventeen years of marriage, they had had their share of misfortune. After three miscarriages, Belinda finally did something right and got pregnant with their only child, Harper. Her birth was a moment of pride for them both but quickly turned into ideas of desire for Steve. If Belinda was aware, she did not show or express it. It was Steve and Harper's dirty little secret for eternity. Damn, he missed his daughter.

Steve got dressed and ready for work. He pulled out of his driveway and headed for the I-3. As soon as he got on the interstate, traffic was backed up for as long as the eye could see. Must have been an accident. He turned on his radio and listened to the minute news report. They reported that there was a car accident on I-3 with a flipped car and that there was a 6-mile backup. He quickly got off the next exit to take the long way around to get to work, but other drivers were doing the same thing. He decided to call work and call out for the day. When he called in, Jonathan had answered and said that they had heard about the backup from the accident. Some crazy woman driving a Camaro had hit the guardrail on the Interstate a couple of hours earlier and flipped over. He said that he did not know if the driver was killed. They had to use the Jaws of Life and it was taking several hours for the cleanup and police investigation. No! No! Not Tina! Oh my God, no! Taking a deep breath, Steve hung up with Jonathan. He felt sick to his stomach and his heart began to race. His life was over. What was he going to do?

When he got back home, Belinda had already gone to work. He took the dogs out in the backyard to play ball and checked his cell. Nothing from Tina. He tried to call and text again but still no response. He took the dogs back into the house and then left to drive over to her apartment. Click, click, click. The dark colored car followed him every step of the way. When Steve arrived at the apartment complex, he went to Tina's door and knocked. He heard a slight shuffle inside and he began to pound louder on the door. Tina opened the door and Steve pushed past her into the apartment. Click, click, click.

Once she closed the door, Steve grabbed her and held her tight. She pushed him back from her looking at him as if he was crazy. She then asked him who Yvette was. He looked at her as if she was nuts. He explained that she was a dumb sales executive in the office that had job performance issues. He also explained that it was driving him crazy on how to coach her into doing her work right. Then he realized and asked her how the hell Yvette had anything to do with the two of them. She explained how he called out her name the previous night and she was angry, very angry. He grabbed her tightly again and told her that he thought that she had died in the accident on the highway this morning. Apparently, it was not Tina, but another poor soul with a convertible. Steve was relieved, but Tina did not buy his Yvette story. Not only did she have to contend with competition with Steve's wife but now she had this Yvette person. Deep down, she knew that there was something more to his explanation. She needed to know who this Yvette was and what she was doing with Steve. Her Steve. Tina was already very adept at solving one problem at a time. Step by step, one by one, she would eliminate her rivals.

They continued to embrace and became more ravenous with each kiss, each touch. Steve pulled up her robe and grabbed her naked body. Tina then wrapped her legs around Steve's waist and he held her all the way into her bedroom where they spent several hours in bed reconnecting and making up for lost time.

This relationship was different for Tina. Maybe it was his attention to this Yvette biatch just not sitting right with her or his prissy wife's lack of attention to her husband that fueled and intensified her passion with Steve today. Yes, she was definitely going to learn all that she could about both of them.

Steve spent the rest of the afternoon at Tina's and finally left around 5pm. It would be his usual time getting home so he would not have to tell Belinda that he was out sick today. He really was not happy with Belinda but he was afraid that if he left, she would take his pension, 401K, and want alimony. He would also lose the house and probably the clothes off his back too to his goofball wife. He felt trapped between two worlds and did not know which way to go let alone how he would do it. So, for now, he had to settle with his dalliances. Nevertheless, Tina was not an ordinary dalliance...she was different, very different from all of those other losers. She was special and more than fulfilled all of his needs and desires.

It was a dangerous line he was walking. Just how dangerous, he was about to find out.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Eight: Bea

Some women feel that they do not exist in a relationship. If they do, they are invisible, silent to their partner's emotional whims. Demeaning ways only suffice to control and dominate instead of nurture and love. Experts will say that many times, people in the mental health field are looking for relief from their own demons, always trying to understand the emotional stagnation of their mental and physical well-being. They eventually try to find their escape from their partner's manipulation. Some succeed and some do not. For those that do not, devastating conclusions create a ripple effect on friends, family, and coworkers.

And sometimes, the abuser goes free. When people have had enough, they then take matters into their own hands, their own brand of justice. Revenge is sweet but only when the abuser becomes the abused.
*****
Belinda came from a hard-working middle class family that believed in achieving one's dreams. Growing up in a small town in New York, Belinda was an excellent student who always made the Principal's List, did her homework, and associated with the smart students in school. She loved listening to music, drawing, and her pets. While she was growing up, she was always one to bring home strays and injured animals. Her family used to tease her and call her Nurse Bea, the miracle pet empath.

Bea's sister and brother were into all types of biking, hiking, and any kind of sport under the sun. Her siblings were also scholastically inclined and excelled in their educational goals to go to college. There was one year apart between the three of them with Brian, the oldest, going to Columbia University to study law. Amanda, the middle child, went the next year to the Albany College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences to be a pharmacist, and then Belinda, went the following year to Seton Hall for a degree in social work. Compared to her brother and sister, Belinda's career goals were more geared to helping others and not necessarily making a lot of money.

The three siblings were extremely close and stayed connected all throughout their college years.  It would be Belinda, or Bea as her siblings affectionately called her, that would slow the college momentum down in her senior year. She had met someone that made her head spin and her heart flutter.

She had first met Steve in one of her college psychology courses and then again at a frat party where they talked most of the night. They met again at another party on campus and, always the gentleman, Steve offered to get them a couple of beers. When he returned, he handed an open bottle to Bea. Within about 1/2 hour, she was feeling very tipsy, tired, and a little disoriented. Thinking that she was tired from school all day plus not having eaten lunch or dinner, she just wasn't feeling right so Steve suggested that he take her back to her dorm room and "tuck her in."

Bea awoke the next morning with an enormous headache and rolled over to see what time it was on the alarm clock. Right next to the clock was a single stem rose and a note from Steve. His note said how much he enjoyed last night with her and that he knew that she was the one and would be his wife one day. He said that he knew that it may seem fast, but he would wait for her, for as long as it takes. Young and naive, she was flattered and swept up off her feet.

They continued to see one another over the course of the next couple of months. Deep down, Bea felt a little rushed in the romance but she pushed those doubts aside. She was a grown woman now and could make her own decisions. Steve was always so kind and gentle with her, never rude or disrespectful. Always the gentleman, he was opening doors and leaving little love notes. He would always celebrate their weekly "anniversary" by cooking dinner, having a picnic in the park, or taking her to her favorite movie. She had fallen in love and was torn between finishing school and marrying the love of her life. All of her friends and family spoke with Bea and convinced her that she only had a little bit more to go and she would have her degree. They explained to her that there was a lot of hard work, sacrifice, and money put into her education and she at least owed it to herself and her parents to finish up her degree before marriage.

Her graduation day finally came and her family and friends were thrilled at her accomplishment. She had made Salutatorian and delivered the Salutatory speech. Her poise and confidence shown through that day, beaming with pride and excitement to share her vision of the future for her classmates. But, unbeknownst to all, Bea had a secret. A secret that would have shattered this glorious moment. She was excited but knew to keep it to herself. The day before, Bea and Steve went to New York City Hall and applied for a marriage license. Right after graduation, they eloped to New York City after a whirlwind romance of only two months. You see, Bea was pregnant and they both wanted to be settled into married life.

Bea's family did not like Steve. They felt that he was conniving, manipulative, and low class. Brian and Amanda could not stand even being in the same room with Steve so they had different excuses why not to attend whenever there were family get-togethers. Steve wasn't feeling the love within Bea's close circles either, so he decided that they would be adventurous and move out West, maybe to California, Colorado, or Washington. Steve had a couple of friends who lived out in Washington so he arranged for Bea and himself to go and stay with them until they found work. Bea's mother and father were totally against the move especially since they would not see their grandchild.

One night, while Steve and Bea were at her parents' house, a verbal argument ensued between Steve and Bea's father that resulted in a physical fight. There were some very serious punches thrown between the two as the animosity had reached a agitated pitch. The two men totally ignored the screaming and pleading of Bea and her mother. The fight ended with Steve having a cut lip, but Bea's father had landed on the floor with blood on his shirt. Shouting that he would kill Steve, Bea's mother held him back from fighting any further.  Bea's father demanded that Bea stay there that night and Steve leave or he would call the police. Torn between the two men, Bea made her difficult decision.  It was that particular night that finally broke the relationship between their daughter and themselves. Steve and Bea left that night. Bea was heart-broken but Steve was excited to begin their new journey and fresh start.

After driving from New York for eight hours, they decided to stop at a motel in West Virginia and rest for the night. With Bea being pregnant, they did not want to push too hard and cause a medical issue with the baby. It was on this night at the motel that Bea got her first glimpse of what her future truly would become. As they were getting ready for bed, they started to argue over the remote. They obviously wanted to watch different programs but just could not agree on a show this night. Bea took the remote and started to click through the channels. Steve then tried to take the remote from her but she playfully pulled it back. With a flash of anger that she had never seen before, Steve grabbed her arm and twisted her wrist until she cried in pain and dropped the remote. He told her that if she ever did that again, he would break her arm next time. Stunned, scared, and pregnant, Bea remained silent as Steve finally watched what he wanted on the TV. Bea had no choice but to stay.

In the morning, they got their things from the motel and got into the moving van that they had rented. It was not a big van but it did have a tow dolly on the back for Bea's car. Because it was April, the weather across the northern route to Washington was still prone to winter weather so they had decided to go along the southern route and then work their way up from there. They continued along the southern route taking turns driving until they got into the Texas panhandle. They decided to call it a night and found a motel with a vacancy. Tired and hungry, they decided to go to the bar next door to get something to eat.

It was a small dive of a bar but it was clean and clearly a favorite of the locals. Bea could not drink and but Steve had a beer and another and another with their dinner. While they were eating, Bea had to go to the ladies room and headed toward the back of the room next to the bar. All the while, Steve kept a keen eye on Bea's movements, making sure that she did not leave. On her way back from the restroom, Bea was stopped by a drunk who really was not feeling any pain and wanted her to dance with him. Bea politely declined and tried to move around him. With that, the man grabbed her by the arm and pulled her over to the dance floor, all the while under the watchful eye of Steve. Upon grabbing her arm, Steve shot up from the table and ran over to Bea, pulled her away from the man, and shoved him onto the floor. The man was so drunk that he laid there and fell asleep. Steve grabbed Bea's arm and marched her back to the motel room where he proceeded to interrogate her as to why the drunk even approached her. Bea pleaded her innocence in between tears, but Steve's intimidating behavior escalated. He threw her to the floor and began kicking her in the stomach. Trying to protect the baby, Bea curled up into a ball and cried. With that, Steve yelled at her to get up and go to bed. Quietly sobbing, she crawled into the bed next to the monster she had married.

The next morning brought some sunshine but dark clouds still seemed to be over their relationship. Getting dressed, Bea looked into the mirror and saw bruises on her belly. She began to cry and prayed that her baby would be ok. In packing up their things to leave the motel, Bea started to feel pain in her stomach. With each movement, the pain grew more intense and she passed out. She woke up in the hospital and found out that she had miscarried. When asked what happened, she lied to the doctors, told them that she had tripped, and fell down the stairs onto her stomach. She thought that she would be ok, but she did not think that she would lose the baby. This was the first time but not the last time that Bea would miscarry...courtesy of Steve.

Once in Seattle, Steve had found a job with an advertising company and eventually moved to another job with a major agency. Bea found a job working as a social worker for the county where  she was well liked and felt some satisfaction of helping others...even if she could not help herself.

Their marriage became one of fear for Bea, never knowing what would set Steve off. When his anger reached the level of that dark intense look in his eyes, raised eyebrows, and clenched fists, she knew to back down and try to placate him or brace for a hit to the body. He would always be sorry the next day but those sorrys became fewer and fewer over the years. If she did not go along with him on everything, she risked his "displeasure."

His terrifying behavior also transcended into his sexual desires. His sadomasochism knew no bounds that always left her feeling dirty, battered, and ashamed. It was not until he started going to the bars to pick up women that he left her alone. His treatment of her still resorted to disrespect and demeaning actions but at least it was not as frequent or intense. She was his, he owned her whether she liked it or not...forever.

Over the next couple of years, Bea had made many connections because of her kind and compassionate way with people. Her strength, combined with a sweet innocence, was like a beacon to everyone she met. One day, she received a call from Detective Sergeant First Class Liam Gallagher of the Washington State Patrol. He told her that there had been an accident on the 70 with a mother and two children. The mother had been driving her Camaro at a high rate of speed to get away from her abusive husband when she crashed into the guardrail and the car flipped. He said that the three of them were ok but would need some assistance when they got out of the hospital. Right now, the woman's abusive husband had no idea where she was. Yet, Liam knew that the situation could change very quickly as the woman's accident was all over the local news. He needed to get help for her right away and he wanted to see if Bea's division would be able to get the woman and her children to safety once she left the hospital. Bea asked if she could go to the hospital to speak with the woman and he said that he would meet her there where they could speak with the woman together.

Bea waited outside of the woman's hospital room until Detective Gallagher got there a couple of minutes later. After introducing themselves to each other, they shook hands and stared into each other's eyes. Liam felt a spark and had a hard time letting go of Bea's hand, feeling immersed in her soulful eyes. After a few moments, Liam reluctantly let go of Bea's hand and motioned for her to go first into the patient's room. Upon entering the room, Bea noticed that the woman was perhaps in her early thirties with cuts and bruises all over her body. Her eyes widened in sudden fear but relaxed once Bea assured her that both she and the children were now safe. She explained to her how her division could help her get far away to safety. With that, the woman broke down in tears and began to tell her horrendous story. Bea gave the woman her business card and told her that she would start working on things for her right away. She held her hand and told her that everything from this point on would be ok. Liam added that based on her account of what has happened, they could begin working on a restraining order for her if she wished. Still in a lot of pain, the woman shook her head yes and Bea again assured her that she would get things in motion right away. Wanting to let the woman get some rest, Liam and Bea left the room. Once outside of the door, Bea leaned on the wall and began to get tears in her eyes. Her tears were not only for the woman, but also for herself. Seeing Bea's distress, Liam put a hand on her shoulder and asked if she wanted to go to the local diner for a cup of coffee. Bea gladly accepted the offer as she needed her own moment to decompensate from the emotional realization of her own life.

At the diner, Bea and Liam talked for a couple of hours, talking about everything from politics to the new Hager's department store being built. Bea had not felt this free in years. Then, sudden panic set in and she had to leave. What if Steve saw her? Liam saw her panic and asked her to stay for a few minutes to calm down. It was then that she unloaded only a insight into the tragedy and pain of her marriage to Steve. Liam reached over the table and took her hands into his. He told her that she had nothing to fear as long as he was around. He was just a phone call away if she ever needed anything...anything. Bea smiled at him and gathered her things to leave. Yes, she would be ok. She felt safe with Liam for some reason.

It was a couple of weeks later in the supermarket that Bea ran into Liam again. Typical bachelor, she thought. Not too much in the shopping cart, but then again, she was only picking up some bread and spices. She smiled at him and they talked for a few minutes. Liam asked her to go for another cup of coffee so they headed for the checkout and then met up at the diner. They talked for a hour and decided to meet again next week. It was at this point that their relationship deepened and they found comfort and peace with one another just talking. Steve was always going out here and there, leaving Bea behind. For once in her life, she felt alive, important, and safe with Liam. She was not about to let those feelings go. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Nine: Bond

People say that falling in love is not just emotional; it is also physiological. The chemicals in one's body stir, mix, and cause a person to see things brighter, happier, and desirable. The dopamine in the body is a stimulant that rewards us for something good and wholesome when it comes to love. Love is a reward for opening up to another, being vulnerable to the possibility of rejection and also open to acceptance. But when love is returned with the same intensity and desire, there is nothing that can stop the yearning of two halves becoming complete as one. For the strength of that merging brings power to both people.

*****
Liam Gallagher was a handsome man in his mid-forties. Tall and athletic, he was perfect to be in law enforcement. He presented an air of toughness and professionalism that earned him the respect of his colleagues and citizens alike. He came from a family of Marines, fire fighters, and police officers so it seemed a natural career choice for him after he graduated from college with a degree in criminal justice.

In college, Liam had met Jennifer, an outgoing, fun, and athletic woman who was full of life. They married after college and settled in very easily into their married life. The bliss for the couple was about to take a turn into the fourth year of their marriage when Jennifer was diagnosed with endometrial cancer. By the time the doctors had found it, the cancer had spread throughout her lymph nodes and she died a couple of years after she was diagnosed. Devastated, Liam broke down. Jennifer was his world, his Achilles heel, his first true love. He vowed that there would never be another like her in his life again. Working through his grief, Liam then threw all of his efforts into his job and eventually was promoted up to the rank of sergeant. He enjoyed his job catching the "bad" guys and continued to work his way up to detective.

For the most part, his job was relatively quiet, but when events occurred, they seemed to happen all at once. What affected him the most, though, was death at car accidents. It was never easy at the wreckage scenes especially where it involved children. They were innocent with no control over what happened. It was always difficult notifying the next of kin and seeing and feeling their grief and pain. That was something that he would never get used to experiencing...no matter how long he was an officer. So when an opportunity to transfer again for a higher rank into a brand new unit involving strictly domestic issues came along, he leaped at the chance. He wanted to make a difference and try to help families be safe. Although he had no children of his own, someone had to stand up for the children and for those that could not defend themselves.

Although she was married, Liam felt a kinship in Bea. A kinship that he had not felt since Jennifer. He knew that her marriage to Steve was toxic and volatile and he did not want to intrude unless she asked. So, for the moment, he was content to have her just as a coffee friend. Hopefully, one day, she would have the strength and courage to save herself and leave Steve once and for all. When she was ready, he would be there to help her.

In the meantime, Washington was experiencing disappearances of young women. In the last six  months, four women had disappeared only to be found partially buried along the banks of the bay in Silverdale. There were a number of high priced homes and land with a view of the woods and bay in Silverdale. People enjoyed hiking and outdoor activities in that area and, now, they were afraid. The women, aged between 25 and 35, had been sexually abused and tortured before their deaths. They were known in the community as a bank teller, homemaker, bakery owner, and a teacher, all with children and families who were devastated. According to the FBI profiler, the women had nothing in common except for their hair and eye color, height, and weight. The expert's take on the type of killer was one who was sexually frustrated, emotionally stunted, and would increase his level of torture to feed his needs. The BOLO was sent out to all of the police departments requesting information be reported to the state police. Washington had had its' share of serial killers over the past couple of decades and time was of the essence to catch this one before he killed again.

In his line of work, Liam fully understood how violence could quickly escalate into murder - either unintentionally or intentionally. He knew just how domestic issues could move into a whole different realm than how it began. For him, others not becoming another statistic was a very personal quest for him. He felt strongly about the woman in the hospital, Bea, and now, their serial killer on the loose. 

As he was running through his thoughts, his cell phone rang and it was Bea wanting to know if they could meet for coffee. She was upset and needed to talk with him. She had found out a couple disturbing things and needed to get away for a few minutes.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Ten: Reasoning

Some say that there is a reason for everything and that eventually, we find out why. However, sometimes we do and sometimes we do not, especially when a circumstance does not make sense. We try to rationalize, compare it to an old memory, or use logic for it all to fit into a complete picture. We examine it, turn it over and over again in our minds, all the while trying to connect it so we can understand and deal with it. Unfortunately, not all things come in a nicely wrapped package.
So, we are left in the dark, wondering and not having any real closure. Closure, no matter the cost, is what makes us human...and vulnerable.

*****
It was Monday morning and the ad agency president, Mark Lemosik, called Steve into his office for a meeting first thing in the morning. Steve hated these meetings because he hated the president. Coming from a wealthy family, the president always came off arrogant and with no class. But, it was the part that he had to play so he grinned and bared these wasteful meetings. At this particular meeting, Steve had a surprise coming. Something that he did not expect at all.

Steve went to the president's office and checked in with Mark's assistant, Kathy. She asked Steve to have a seat and she would let Mark know that he was there. Steve's annoyance rose when she told him to take a seat and wait. Steve seethed on the inside with fury that a low-level employee, and a woman at that, would tell him to sit and wait.  Kathy was always the one who had to have control but little did she realize that she was only another lackey in Mark's arsenal of crap. Mark came out of his office, shook Steve's hand, and ushered him into the office. He instructed Kathy to hold all of his calls until the meeting was over.

Mark gestured to one of the leather high chairs in front of his desk for Steve to take a seat. What is he going to ramble on about now, Steve wondered. The last time he was this professional with him, he wanted Steve to make his "special arrangement" for him for an upcoming business but pleasure "tour." Mark had different tastes than Steve but he would never know Steve's secrets. Nope. Not in a million years.

Mark started off the meeting by saying what a fantastic job Steve had been doing for the company. For his excellent job performance, Mark was now promoting him to the Executive Director position over advertising and accounting. Mark liked his style and felt that Steve would fit right in with the company "directives" and "goals." Steve was sure that he had Mark wrapped around his finger.  Potential blackmail is always a motivator for promotions.

Feigning surprise, Steve thanked Mark and promised to continue his loyalty and commitment to the company and the Lemosik family. Mark concluded the meeting and told him that he would be in touch with him later. They shook hands and Steve left the office, offering a huge smirk and wink to Kathy as he went by her desk.

Executive Director. Now, he would finally have even more power, control. He liked that. His security clearance would now allow him more access to client and employee information. What a beautiful day it was. By the time Steve got back to his office, Kathy had put out an interoffice memo announcing Steve's promotion. He also got other emails detailing his move to his new office that over looked the beautiful wooded mountains. His promotion was effective immediately and so he started to pack his things in his cramped and crappy old office. He was not going to miss this office but he would miss being close to the rank and file. He would miss keeping an eye on Yvette, but now, he had access to most personnel files. He felt the pleasure rising up in his chest as he sat down in his desk chair. He tried to restrain his excitement but his daughter's picture was on his desktop again.

The public reaction to Steve's promotion was one of happiness. The private feelings and thoughts were of dread and foreboding. When Yvette read the promotion email, she cringed. Her first response was how, then why, then oh no. She tried to make some sense of this lunacy. Didn't the company know what a mess Steve was? On the bright side, she would not be seeing his ugly face every day now. But then, who would get Steve's supervisor position? Oh, God, not one of the other two. She prayed that it was not Tyler or Kevin. She decided right then and there that it was time to dust off her resume for another assignment. She started to make a couple of calls, but then stopped short. She had to stay the course and see this to the end. Unfortunately, in the meantime, she was stuck in the quagmire of disgusting dysfunctional behaviors.

Upon reading the email, Tyler and Kevin went into Steve's office and closed the door. Steve thought that they were real buffoons but they could be useful sometimes. Tyler with his arrogance and Kevin with his brown-nosing expertise just seemed to work for some odd reason. Two peas in a pod.

As they congratulated Steve, all he could think of was what the hell did they want? Most assuredly, they would want to ride the promotion wave with him. They felt that Steve owed them at least that much. He was confident that they were the type of loyal company employees that he wanted, that he needed. He needed to settle in first, then they would most definitely talk.

There weren't going to be any promotions for those two, but they would have additional duties whether they liked it or not. Steve thought how stupid Tyler and Kevin were as they have absolutely no idea that they played a part in Steve getting promoted. When they would scout for "potential" females, the information that they gave Steve was really for Mark. The two idiots thought that the surveillance was for Steve and his "sexual" pursuits so he let them think that. No need to let too many people in on the blackmail scheme. If they ever tried to use it on Steve, they would look pretty foolish. They would have not one shred of evidence and they would lose everything. So there would never be any lose ends to tie up, everything for Steve was researched by Steve period. Steve could not help but think how genius he was and how dim-witted everyone else was.

Now, Steve had to decide how to bring the two closer into the circle, how to guarantee their silence and allegiance. They already addressed each other as "brother," almost like a secret society. But, if they did not demonstrate their allegiance and loyalty to Steve, well, then, he would have to take other measures into his hands. Measures that he would prefer not to do but would if necessary. People are dispensable.

On the drive home that night, Steve had to celebrate with his one special person, Tina. But that left Belinda. Oh well. Tonight, it would be Belinda and just a nice dinner at a restaurant that he wanted to try. Now, Tina on the other hand, would be an "extensive" celebration to rival all of their other times together. The fire between his legs started to rise and he almost did not notice the stopped car in front of him. Swerving last minute and avoiding a crash, he pulled over to the side of the road. Whew. Close call but no big deal. His future was never more bright than it was today. He was going to have it all...and enjoy every single bit of it. He was now in charge of his kingdom.

Steve checked his cell and Belinda had texted him that she had to work late on a serious abuse case, a mother and her children. Fine, then we'll go to the restaurant tomorrow night, he thought. He texted back that he would go out with the guys for a few drinks, which in reality, he wouldn't be meeting at all. Instead, he would now have more time to celebrate with Tina so he dialed her number. Before Tina could say anything, Steve told her that he was coming over as it was a very special night to celebrate. Tina's voice got a little breathless as she told him that she would be waiting for him and to come find her. Steve had gotten a key to her apartment recently and was going to make sure to get plenty of use out of it.

It was an unseasonably warm night in October but Steve did not mind. The fresh air filled the car as he drove to Tina's place. His body was filled with anticipation as he kept reliving what they had done in the past and what they could possibly do tonight. He was only going to be there for most of the night and then would have to head home. He was going to truly celebrate tonight.

After stopping at the liquor store for some champagne, Steve pulled into the apartment parking lot and climbed the stairs to Tina's apartment. He unlocked the front door and grabbed a few glasses from the kitchen. He headed down the hallway into Tina's bedroom where she had candles lit and all of his special toys laid out. As Steve set down the bottle of champagne and glasses on her nightstand, Tina came out of the bathroom in one of the sexiest black lingerie sets that he had ever seen. He could feel his member rise quickly and intensely. She walked over to him and took him in her arms, ripped his shirt open and passionately kissed him on his mouth and nipples while unzipping his pants and used her hands to sexually arouse him. Not needing much prompting, Steve turned her around and pushed her onto the bed and climbed on top of her. 

Yes, it was going to be a great night indeed. Click, click, click.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Eleven: Little Whites Lies

We all do it. We say little lies so we do not hurt a person's feelings. Sometimes we do it so as not to anger the other person. Other times, we do it to stay out of trouble. For the most part, humans have a hard time being honest even if it is going to hurt. In not being honest, we also are dishonest in our relationships and suffer the consequences. Whatever the reason, we just cannot bring ourselves to the moment of truth, but stop just short of the edge of the cliff so to speak. 

It is in this moment of weakness that we create our own destiny whether we realize it or not.

*****
Bea was getting worried. Liam was late. She sat at the diner booth looking at her watch. She had already received Steve's text back that he was going for beers with the guys so she was relieved at least on that front. She was on her second cup of coffee when he finally came in and sat at the table. The waitress came over, refilled Bea's cup, and poured Liam a cup of coffee. Concerned that Bea's safety could be at stake, he had rushed as fast as he could. From what she had briefly said to him, he was concerned for her...very concerned.

She seemed a little flustered, unsure of something that she wanted to tell him. She asked him for his advice and his confidentiality on what she was about to tell him. He assured her that it was only between the two of them.

She took a deep breath and began to tell him about how she was cleaning and getting rid of junk in the closets when she came across Steve's duffel bag buried in the back of the closet in the corner under other things. In the bag were several t-shirts of Steve's that had dried blood on them. Liam suggested that maybe Steve had cut himself working on things in the yard or had spilled paint. She was adamant. It was not that the shirts had blood on them but rather the amount of blood. Liam's demeanor became more concerned as she continued. In addition to the t-shirts, there was female underwear with blood all over it as well. It was as if someone had used some of the clothing to wipe up blood. She did not know what to do. If she removed the bag, then Steve would know. But she felt so strongly that the bag and its' contents were very important and did not know what to do.

In his mind, Liam knew that there was something disturbing with this but had to keep calm for Bea's sake...her safety definitely depended on it. It was at this point that they tried to figure out a way for Liam to see the contents without Steve knowing. They arranged for Bea to meet Liam at her house the next day while Steve was at work. Liam already knew what the bag could possibly mean but he had to keep Bea from exposing to Steve what she had found. She had to keep it mum to herself or risk very probable harm to herself. It could be a fetish, but he really was not sure. He had a strong suspicion that Steve kept these items as mementos of events. Mementos that could also signal a killer.

They worked out that Liam would come by the house tomorrow around 10am as Steve would have been at work by then. If Liam saw Steve's BMW in the driveway, then that meant that the coast was not clear and it would have to be done on a different day. Liam felt himself being drawn into Bea's beautiful green eyes and he had to look away. He knew at that point that he would protect her at all costs whether she was married or not.

The next morning, Bea got up at the same time as Steve. As they were eating breakfast at the kitchen table together, Steve asked about Bea's case last night. Already prepared with an answer, Bea told him that the case was an extremely difficult one where things happened after she left work for the night. It was an emergency that involved a woman and three children aged 6, 4, and 6 months. Trying to coordinate everything was rough especially under emergency conditions. She would be working mainly on that case all day and waiting on approvals, court orders, etc. She also told him that she had a tough time sleeping as the events of the case weighed heavily on her. She did not have to be in until 11am for a meeting but still got up early anyway.

Appearing to be satisfied with her answer, Steve told her the news about his recent promotion. Pretending to be shocked and happy, Bea had a hard time showing any emotion but did the best that she could do. Steve told Bea that they would celebrate his good news this evening at the new restaurant, Le Petit Poivre, down on the docks in Tacoma. It was a delicate balance for Bea to try to show interest and joy at Steve's wonderful news. After finding the duffle bag, she knew deep down in her heart that she did not want to see him around as much, let alone go to dinner with this fiend. Her thoughts went a step further as to why she was still with him. They had been married for seventeen years, seventeen very long and stressful years. She had a lot to consider and possibly lose if she left. If she did, she hoped that she would not get physically hurt as some of her clients had. Especially those that had almost lost their lives.

Once Steve left around 8:15am, Bea jumped in the shower, put on her makeup, and then got dressed. She made a cup of coffee and sat down in the living room to wait for Liam. She felt like a nervous wreck. Trying to keep her composure with Steve and doing something behind his back could be very dangerous for her. She needed to calm down so she turned on the TV and watched a couple of the morning news shows. Not felling any better, Bea looked over at Bandit and Max in their beds. Perhaps taking them out back and playing with them would help calm her nerves.  

Out back, she threw the ball for the dogs over and over and over again. She tried to disburse all of the pent up anxiety of late but still did not feel any better. Bea brought them back in the house and then returned to the couch to wait for Liam. She glanced up at the clock and it seemed as if time was just standing still. The stillness only increased her anxiety level and made her more worried about everything. Her thoughts started racing into "what if" scenarios that led into other "what if's." Finally, the doorbell rang. Bea raced to the door and it was Liam.

He wanted to give her a hug as soon as he saw her but held back. She looked so distraught and anxious. Bea showed him into the living room and asked if he wanted a cup of coffee. Seeing her high anxiety, he smiled and told her that he definitely needed his morning kick-start. As Bea was in the kitchen fixing the coffee, Liam walked over to where the TV was and looked at the pictures on wall. Many were just pictures of family events where everyone was smiling but one person. It was consistent in each photo. As Bea came into the living room with the cup of coffee, Liam pointed to one of the pictures and asked if it was Steve. Taking a sip of coffee from her own cup, Bea shook her head yes. She always thought that Steve did stick out as a sore thumb in those pictures but he liked them there on the wall and she dare not remove any of them.

Liam tried some small talk while they drank their coffees but he could see that her nervousness was only heightened. Almost finished their coffees, Liam took his cup into the kitchen, washed it, dried it, and put it away. He did not want a "second" visitor's cup to be a focal point of Steve's attention. Men like that notice every little detail and Liam did not want to bring any attention to his visit today.

Liam looked at her and asked if she was ready. Biting her lower lip, Bea slowly shook her head and they headed down the hall to the bedroom. She slowly opened the closet door and motioned to Liam where the duffle bag was located. As Liam was putting on plastic gloves, he saw the black duffle bag tucked back in the right hand corner under some folded clothes. He put on his gloves, bent down, and carefully moved the pile of clothing while slowly unzipping the bag. In his line of work, he knew that it was extremely important to leave everything exactly as it was or risk a sign that someone had discovered the owner's secret.

On the top of the clothes in the bag was a man's button down shirt with a considerable amount of blood. Gently moving the shirt aside, Liam continued to look through the bag and found several clean shirts and then a pair of women's underwear that was smeared in blood. He knew at that point that if reported, they would need much more evidence or risk Steve walking free. Liam turned to Bea and said that he was putting everything back as it was. He explained to her that he agreed with her but he had to speak to a couple of people first. But in the meantime, they had to discuss what Bea wanted to do at this point. If she were to leave him, she would have to make sound and calculating plans. If she wanted, Liam would help her in her plan to leave. Deep down, Bea was never happy. She only stayed because she was scared. And now, she finally had someone in her corner that could help her leave and maybe start a new life without Steve. She knew that Steve had been with other women over the years, but she looked the other way not only for her own safety but also that he left her alone sexually.

She was ready and would need Liam's help. But wait, the dinner tonight. Liam asked her what she was talking about and it was then that she went into great detail about his work, weekends, bars, women, and now his promotion. She unloaded everything including the miscarriages and the physical and mental abuse. After all of these years, she finally broke down and started to sob uncontrollably. Liam stood up, walked over to her, and hugged her. She fell into his arms and continued crying. As he held her, he told her that everything would be all right and that he would protect her. He asked her where her dinner was tonight and she told him. He said that until they could get things in place, she should go to dinner so as not to arouse suspicion. He would follow them to the restaurant and get a table within view so he could keep an eye on her. He would then follow them home and watch the house. He would also get another undercover detective to watch as a favor to him.  Trevor owed him one so this would be the time to cash it in, in for Bea. In the morning, they could put together the plan for her to leave. Bea was scared that Steve would know that something was wrong. Liam suggested that she say that she was coming down with a cold and that her stomach had been hurting her all day. Knowing that men like Steve needed attention despite others' feelings, he also suggested for her to say how much she really wanted to celebrate with him and to shower Steve with attention on his promotion. Having some plan of action, Bea agreed and would pull herself together one last time. She felt somewhat empowered.

As they walked to the front door, Liam double checked out front and decided to leave at the back door instead. He did not want to draw any attention by leaving in the front of the house. Before he left, he turned to Bea and gave her a hug goodbye. She felt so safe in his arms, so calm and content. His scent was intoxicating and when she pulled away, she could not help but gaze deeply into her eyes.

He told her that he would have to talk to a couple of people and would get back to her in the afternoon. Bea said goodbye and closed the door behind Liam. She freshened up her makeup, picked up her purse and keys, and left to go into work - just as she had told Steve she was in at 11am. As she was getting into her car to leave, Steve pulled up in front of the house. He had forgotten to take some paper work he needed for a meeting with him when he left this morning. Bea told him that she was just leaving for work and to have a good day. As she backed out of the driveway, Bea and Steve waved goodbye at each other. Pulling into the street, Bea saw Liam's dark colored Jeep parked a block away with Liam sitting in it. She breathed a sigh of relief and continued on her way to work.

Steve coming back to the house - Liam had a feeling that would happen. He knew that men like Steve tested everyone else because their nature was what they accused everyone else to be. For many women who are abused, no excuse seems to be needed in order to physically assault others. Others, like Steve, pounce onto woman like Bea.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twelve: Show Time

Having control is a funny thing for most people. Some recognize it for what it is while others resent it for what it does. Blaming, judging, and correcting others circumvents the real source of malcontent. The offender's last word is not always so. For in their superiority lies inferiority, a child emotionally stagnated from normal stages of growing up. The inferior one has grown into an adult who has become very well groomed at revenge for their own lack of control as a child. 

Whether pitied or loathed, the offender must always have control at others' expense.

*****
Steve picked up his papers that he forget and then double-checked around the house. He just wanted to make sure. If he found out that she had been lying to him, he would have to punish her. He wished that she enjoyed the punishment more. That's one of the things he liked about Tina. Tina liked it and would always beg for more. But no, not Belinda. Belinda was worthless and a waste of his time. The only thing that she did right was to have their daughter. A daughter that he fully enjoyed as she was growing up.

Belinda had left her coffee mug on the counter again without washing it out. He would have to tell her about it when he saw her tonight. He wondered what she would do without him. She never thought about anything but herself, always stupidly absent minded.

He went back to the bedroom and opened the closet door. He saw the duffle bag and began to get excited because of its' contents. He just needed a pick-me-up so he opened the bag, pulled out the bloody shirt, and put it to his nose. Ah, the memory. He savored the moment for a couple of minutes and then put it back in the bag and buried it under the clothes in the corner of the closet. Without it, he did not know what he would do.

He left the house and got into the car to go back to work. At least going back to work had new meaning for him. He no longer had that lackey job as a supervisor. He now was over several areas, not just accounting and sales. He now had a wider range of power. He decided that they should celebrate his momentous career moment. Yes, it could also be a marketing tool if done right. He would discuss it with Mark this afternoon. Mark would be going out of town in a couple of days on business so this would be a perfect time to pitch his idea. Steve smiled to himself as he thought of how much of a brilliant mastermind he was. They would not know what to do without him.

Once at the office, Steve reached out to Mark about his idea of a marketing celebration that would include staff and exclusive clients. Mark thought it was an excellent idea and told him to put something together and then get back to him. He would be out of town for a few days so he wanted something concrete by the week after he got back. Steve always let Mark think that he was in control when really it was Steve controlling the action. Although Mark was a retired naval Lieutenant Commander, he still could not figure his way out of a mud puddle if he tried. In a lot of ways, Steve thought of Mark as an older version of Tyler. Oh God, he was surrounded.

At his desk, Steve started to write down some of his ideas. First, he would get a hold of the party planner, Pratique Event Planning. Their firm had done some advertising for them in the past, so they could do a deal for free advertising in exchange for the party, plus they could also make contacts with the clients attending. One more thing. He would need a contact liaison for the event planner and the company. He picked up the phone and called Yvette. When she answered, she sounded a little rushed. But, she was always rushed these days. Steve asked her to come into his office for a quick meeting.

Yvette did not want to go into his office...for anything. She wanted to avoid him at all costs. But, he was the new big mahoff so she had to go. She left her desk, went to the elevator, and angrily pushed the button for the 4th floor. Executive Row, Mount Olympus as the employees referred to it. The door opened and Mark's assistant, Kathy, was at the desk. It was Yvette's understanding that Kathy would also be a temporary assistant to Steve until they hired someone for him. Poor woman. She did not envy Kathy at all.

Yvette let Kathy know that Steve had asked her up for a meeting. Kathy called Steve and he told her to send Yvette right in. Kathy would have to keep an eye out for Yvette. She seemed very sweet, almost innocent, and Steve was anything but.

Yvette went into the office and Steve pulled out a chair for her to sit down. Oh brother, Mr. Gentleman now? Yvette thought that she was going to be fired. Steve, acting like a gentleman, yeah, right.

Steve explained to her that they were going to combine his promotion celebration as a marketing tool where they were using a party planning company. It would be a huge event with several hundred people and he would need a company representative to work alongside the planning company. He would need updated reports on the status of everything and he knew that Yvette would be great for the task. Steve felt that she had style and personable skills that would complement the event and needed her to get on board A.S.A.P.

Stunned, Yvette stammered with many reasons why she felt that she did not deserve such an honor. Steve told her that she was the best and he had made his decision. Begrudgingly, she accepted. Steve would get her all of the information for the party planners and send her an email so she could start on it today. He told her not to worry about her other work right now. He would get someone to cover her work so she could get this event could be done. He reminded her that this is a perfect venue where she could shine...and keep her job. Steve loved it when she played hard to get.

Yvette left the office and said goodbye to Kathy. How in the world was she going to pull off this one? Without everything completed, she was helpless. This "I have bills and am helping my nephew go to college" seemed to fly. Yvette then realized that Steve thought that she was alone in this world, relying on this job for everything. So, with this assignment, she just had to suck it up for the moment, dig for information, and do her best. Maybe, just maybe, she might make connections at the event. She knew that she just had to play it smooth for now. It did not mean a damn thing anyway. She would be moving on soon enough.

With some trepidation, she was gradually accepting her new task. She hated Steve more than anyone could ever know. He was the ultimate a-hole that dominated everyone's career and life. Hopefully, that would be changing soon. Yes, real soon.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirteen: Actions

Actions speak louder than words, so they say. Most times, conclusions can be made on those actions. But if one listens very carefully to the words, we know what is going to happen. For the ones planning those actions, the events may not go exactly as they planned.

But others already knew that.
*****
Steve knew that he would also need Tyler and Kevin in the mix for the event. He called them both for a meeting in his office. Tyler got on the elevator at the 2nd floor and Kevin got on at the 3rd floor. Tyler thought that the meeting was about how they had not gotten together as a group for a while. They both discussed beforehand how busy they were lately in their personal lives that they did not have as much time for Steve's games. They had grown tired of the crazy "spectator sport voyeurism" and wanted to move on with the important things in their lives, mainly Tyler's son and Kevin's newborn son. Tyler's situation was a little more complicated as he owed Steve for his silence. No one must ever know about the fire.

The two got off of the elevator on Executive Row and proceeded to Kathy's desk. As they were approaching her desk, she picked up the phone to let Steve know that they were there. Suddenly, Steve opened his office door and, with a big grin, quickly ushered them into his office. Hopefully, Steve had good news for the two, perhaps promotions or more money. Nope. Steve told them about the big promotion-client celebration planning that was happening and he needed them to put several things together for the function. Why were they not surprised?

From Tyler, he needed him to put the word out, get the buzz going about the exclusive invitation only party that was going to be held. Tyler stared at Steve and thought what a jerk. No promotion, no more money, but he wanted him to be the spokesperson drumming up the major event and get the list together of the invitees. Tyler could not help but think what an absolutely egotistical cretin Steve was but he was between a rock and a hard place with what Steve knew. Steve also asked Tyler to get a list together of all of the employees who had musical talent. They would then be auditioned for filler spots during the celebration in addition to the musical talent hired. Tyler listed a couple off the top of his head. Larry in the mailroom plays guitar. Janice in production plays the piano and Tommy in design plays the bagpipes. Yvette is a classical singer. Steve's mind stopped at Yvette's name. He recently had read some of her limited personnel file and saw that she was classically trained. A lyric soprano to be exact. Steve would have to audition her himself. He thought that she was not very good at her job and maybe by having her sing, she would increase her self-confidence, her self-esteem. And maybe, just maybe, he could get that "special connection" with her. She would need the confidence to make that connection. 

Steve told him to start working on the list right away. Once completed, he wanted them to give the information to Yvette who was going to be the liaison with the party planners and himself. Tyler and Kevin looked at each other as they were a little taken aback. Yvette? They knew how she was not the greatest sales executive but when did Steve hook up with her? They then understood why Steve got a twinkle in his eye when Yvette's singing talent was mentioned. Yvette. They felt that Steve had reached too far on that one. It was like a punch to the gut moment for Tyler and Kevin. What a jerk.

Turning to Kevin, Steve instructed him to look into a budget. Several budgets with different scenarios. He would need to get different costs, the lowest and the highest, and present a projection of each. Steve needed the budgets by this Saturday. Kevin just stared straight ahead. Steve asked him if he was listening to anything that he said. Kevin still stared at him in disbelief. This Saturday was his son's christening and family and friends were coming from out of town starting Thursday to attend. Steve gave a "so what" look at Kevin and told him that he was certain that Kevin would get the task completed when told to do so. Kevin seethed on the inside so intensely that his eyes looked as if they were on fire. If ever a person deserved to be killed, Steve was it and Kevin would be glad to pull the trigger. He had killed before in Iraq and it would be so, so easy to do again.

As the two left Steve's office after the meeting, Kathy noticed the less-than-happy looks on Tyler and Kevin's faces. More satisfied employees courtesy of her boss. Kathy truly believed that what goes around comes around and when it was time for Steve's, it was going to be huge.

Tyler and Kevin got on the elevator to go back to their areas. They both knew that they would not be included in Steve's good fortune of promotion and they could not say a word about it. The three knew too much about each other. Steve had them right where he wanted them. They would go along - for right now. But they both knew that Steve's day would come where he would get his. They just thought silently to themselves that he did not drag them down the snake hole with him.

Back in their offices, Tyler began to work on his client networking and employee talent list and Kevin started his budget research all the while resenting and cursing the tasks. Tyler found it very difficult to sound enthusiastic to the clients about a party all about Steve. All about ego, prestige, and power. Not only did Tyler have to deal with Steve's bullshit blackmail, he also had to contend with being a single father. He thought that things would have been a lot easier without Nina, but it really was not. The only way that he could deal with the guilt of her death was to not be able to see his son anymore if she had left him. So, for him, the end justified the means. He had a cousin outside of Seattle and a sitter that he paid to look after his son while he was at work and, occasionally, Tyler's parents would come out to visit for a while and watch the baby. Nina's family, on the other hand, had not been in touch with Tyler since Nina's death. He felt it odd that they never once asked about their grandson or even wanted to see him. With Nina's brother, Angelo, who was not a big fan of Tyler, well, he was just as glad that her family was keeping their distance.

Kevin went back to his office to work on the research. He slumped down in his chair and tried to calm the angry inferno inside. He knew what it was like losing control as he had many times in Iraq. But during times of war, your fellow soldiers had your back. If you lost control, oh well, it was war. That is just the way it was. Back home in the states, it was hard keeping control. The moment a slight word, a smirk, or a sarcastic comment happens, the electricity-like anger slowly creeps up your body to your brain and all reason is lost. No words or actions can stop the anger outbursts. And, in the military, with a gun in your hand, bam, problem solved. All Kevin thought about was it was a good thing that he did not have a gun on him when at the meeting with Steve. It would have been bam problem solved.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Fourteen: Feelings

As babies, we look to our caregivers for our survival. Looking to have our most basic survival needs met is something that seems to be hard-wired in our human existence. As we grow, our attachment to those that care for us has been established. And so, we have an emotional and physical connection to those that we have come to love and cherish. Sometimes, we have no choice in life who our caregivers have been. For some reason, we continue to love those that have been good or bad to us.

Unfortunately, it is that emotional bond that paralyzes us later in life. Sometimes, and to our own detriment, our decisions are no longer our own but are based upon the emotional rapport established so very long ago. Choosing what has been familiar for most of our lives rather than what is good can eventually destroy our very souls.

*****
All day long at work, Bea was trying to figure out a way to get out of the dinner tonight but knew deep down that that was not going to happen. So, she tried to turn her focus around with going to dinner at Le Petit Poivre, which was just rated this year as one of the top dining experiences in 2007. The restaurant was owned by a celebrity chef and she might as well enjoy the food at least. Suddenly, Bea's cell rang. It was Liam. He had called to see if she was all right and that they would talk tomorrow about her dinner with Steve tonight. Bea could not ask for a kinder, more thoughtful friend. After she hung up with Liam, she could not help but think about how over the years, she never had any friends really. Steve had forever put a block on that. With Liam in the restaurant, she knew that she would be safe.

When 4:30pm rolled around, Bea had packed up her paperwork and was ready to go home. Before, she was thankful that it was only a short drive home, but now, she wished that it would take a little longer. She went to the parking garage and got off the 3rd floor where she usually parked. Although there were others leaving at the same time, she got an eerie feeling that she was being watched. She got to her car, checked around and also checked the back seat of her car. She felt slightly relieved that the coast was clear but she still could not shake that feeling that someone was watching. In her line of work, social service workers had to always be conscious of their surroundings. They had to deal with some very angry people and you never knew if one of them would seek revenge.

As she exited out of the garage and started to drive home, she kept checking her rear view mirror. No one seemed to be following her, but she still went a different way home, circling around streets just to make sure she was not followed. When she did not see anyone, she drove to her street and up into her driveway. She got out of the car and still looked around. She just could not shake that feeling.

Upon entering the house, Max and Bandit ran up to greet her. She felt much better with the dogs there. She knew that they would protect her at all costs. She took them out back to do their business, came back into the house, and turned on the TV. Steve should be home soon. Although she did not relish the thought of going out this evening, at least he would be in the house.

Steve got home, undid his tie, and sat down on the couch next to Bea. Bea asked him about his day and he told her about his day at work, Tyler and Kevin, and the huge marketing celebration that he was putting together. Bea then told him about her feelings of being watched and followed. Steve seemed concerned but assured her that everything was ok. He told her to still be careful and he would make sure that he was home early for the next few weeks. Somewhat relieved, Bea felt conflicting emotions. He was her protector but he was also her tormentor. The two of them then got ready to go out to dinner.

After setting the house alarm, the two left the house to get into the car. Steve was being the perfect gentleman and opened the car door for Bea. He was killing two birds with one stone as he walked around the car to the driver's side all the while scanning the area for anything unusual. They backed out of the driveway and started their drive to Tacoma. All along the drive, Steve made sure to keep a watchful eye for any cars following them. Belinda was usually very spot-on with things, so he was not going to take any chances.

They got to the restaurant, valet parked, and went inside. Bea was totally amazed at the modern and tasteful decor. The Maitre D' seated them at a table with a beautiful view of the waterfront. It was a perfect night with calm water and a full moon. As they looked over the menu, Bea scanned the room hoping to find Liam. He was there four tables over on the other side of the room. Trying to conceal her relief and act normal, Bea remarked to Steve about the rich ambiance of the restaurant and how there was so much to take in. Steve smiled and agreed with her. That was why he chose this restaurant. It was more his style.

Over the next couple of hours, they enjoyed their meal and started to wrap things up with dessert and coffee. All the while, Liam watched and also kept an eye on the room. He asked for his check so he would be ready to leave when they did. He had timed everything just right because Bea and Steve left not too long after that.

Outside of the restaurant, he stood behind Bea and Steve as they waited for their cars in valet. Liam managed to gently yet covertly pat Bea's back to let her know that he was there. Bea breathed a sigh of relief just knowing that he was there. Liam's car got there first so he pulled down the street just a little bit and waited for Steve and Bea's car to go past.

When their car went by, Liam followed it, not too close but just enough. When they got to their house, Liam kept going, turned around, and parked a couple of blocks away where he could watch their house for a couple of hours. Trevor was off tonight so the watch was up to Liam. After parking down the street, he noticed something peculiar. A small dark-colored SUV came down the street and drove very slowly past Steve and Bea's house. It seemed as if the driver was intentionally looking at the house. As the car got closer, Liam managed to get the license plate number. He would run the plate the next day to see who the owner was. He wanted to follow it, but he did not want to leave the house surveillance just in case.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Fifteen: Tangles

Quality of life has different meanings for different people. For some, food on the table and a roof over their head is a quality of life. Others may see the level of their health as a gauge for the structure of their lives while some individuals regard "keeping up with the Joneses" as their standard.  Then, there are a few who regard material success as a definition of their social status as the very being of their existence.

Regardless of the perspective, without it, there is no reason to exist.

*****
Steve and Bea got into the house with Bea getting ready for bed while Steve took out Max and Bandit. As the dogs were running around in the back yard, Steve looked up at the night sky and saw the sky filled with stars. He could not help but think how wonderful his life was and what his recent good fortune meant to him. He had it all. Excellent job, prestige, house, girlfriend, and most importantly, power. The feeling of power was electrifying for him. His world was his oyster and he was going to use every bit of it.

He brought the dogs back in and sat down on the couch to watch some TV. Bea came in to let him know that she had been a little under the weather all day and was going to bed. Normally, Steve would be very angry that she did not stay up with him, but his life was going so well lately that he really did not care right now. He would rather she go to bed and leave him alone to his delusions of grandeur.

Steve awoke a couple hours later on the sofa. The dogs were in their beds with Bandit snoring as usual. Steve got up and went to the kitchen to get a drink of water before going to bed. As he was looking out the kitchen window, he thought that he saw a light in their backyard. A flashlight to be exact. He called the dogs over to the back door and let them out the back. All of a sudden, the light started moving all over and the dogs were going wild with barking and growling. Steve turned on the exterior floodlights and went outside to investigate. Whatever was out there was no longer there. The dogs were still barking at the side gate. After Steve got the dogs back in the house, he called 911 to report a possible burglar. Bea came out into the kitchen half-asleep and asked what had happened. Steve explained about the lights and the dogs.

Fear took over Bea's body as she just knew that someone had followed her home. Steve said that it could just be a coincidence but he was not taking any chances. The police arrived and searched around the house but found nothing. They told Steve to call again if anything else should happen. They told him that there had been a rash of burglaries in the neighborhood and people had to be very cautious. Steve decided that he would call tomorrow to have a camera system installed. While he trusted his dogs as a deterrent, the alarm system needed cameras and he was not taking any chances.

For the rest of the night, Bea tossed and turned. She was afraid but had hoped that Liam had seen or heard something. She finally fell back to sleep until the 6am alarm went off. Steve got up but she was going to take a sick day today. She definitely did not feel well. As Steve got ready for work, he told her that he was going to have an camera system installed as an extra measure. He told her to call and see if someone could come out quickly to get it installed. He also told her that since she was going to be home all day to make sure that the house was clean. He didn't want to come home to a dirty house. Bea knew that if she had stayed home, she would have to get it done otherwise face the painful consequences with Steve. His mood swings seemed to be getting worse. This would be the last and final time that she would feel threatened.

Once Steve left for work, she called Liam to talk to him about last night. He told her that the backyard incident was just their neighbor doing something out back in his shed and really wasn't anything. However, Liam went on to tell her about the slow moving SUV earlier in the evening and that he ran the plates. Not wanting to alarm Bea, he told her that nothing came back as it was a bad plate number. In reality, he knew that the plates were reported stolen and belonged on a Honda Civic so that was a dead end at the moment. With the license plates being stolen, he knew that whoever it was that drove by their house had planned the stealthy surveillance with great care. It was the great care that worried him the most. He knew that she would worry and that is what he did not want to happen. He told her that he would come over to her house just as he did the other day.

Liam arrived shortly thereafter much to the relief of Bea. Making some coffee, they leaned against the kitchen counter and discussed Bea's eerie feeling of being watched when leaving work yesterday, the dinner at the restaurant, and the lights in the yard. She was very nervous and frightened that something terrible could happen. Liam assured her that he was only a phone call away. It was at this time that he felt he could bring up the subject of Bea possibly leaving Steve and having a safe place to stay until she figured things out. Bea knew that he was right but she was scared, scared of what Steve would do to her. Maybe even kill her. His temper was out of control and once he reached that peak, there was no pulling him back - ever.

Liam then laid out a plan for her to think about. If there was an occasion where Steve would be away for at least 2 days, Liam could have several of his friends come over to the house, pack things to put in storage, and then be totally gone by the time Steve returns. If he should return while they were there, all of the people helping her would be fellow weight lifters and they would have a "discussion" with Steve about any issues that he may have with Bea leaving. Sometimes, when a large group of men confront an abuser, he may back down. When they do, they are just little wimps who know that they should be "redirected" towards another "object of affection." Liam thought to himself that Steve, more than likely, already had many "objects of affection" in his lifetime arsenal of love so maybe he would leave Bea alone. Maybe not, but Liam would do his very best to protect her. She was a very special person and he would go to great lengths to shelter her from harm.

Liam offered his house as it had four bedrooms with one of them having its' own bathroom. It was a large enough house where she would be safe and could sort things out. He guaranteed it. While Liam was talking, Bea watched his face and eyes, intently trying to read his body language and emotions. She felt the sincerity and genuineness of his words and expressions. She felt a arousing sensation rise up into her chest and her lungs. Her gaze and his intensity stopped and they looked at one another, not sure of what to do. Liam pulled Bea closer and pressed his lips upon hers. Bea responded in kind with the same level of passion and yearning as Liam's kiss. For a brief moment, they lost track of time and space and then pulled back. They looked at each other with a renewed sense of knowing, of some very strong feelings that were becoming unleashed. Bea asked Liam where they would go from here. Liam told her that they could take what happens all in Bea's time. Whatever she decided, his feelings would not change and he would always be there for her. Liam told her that they would take things one-step at time if that is what she decided.

With a renewed sense of emotion and trust, Bea told Liam that she thought that his plan could work. She would call him when she knew anything about Steve's itinerary. As Liam turned toward the back door to leave, he stopped, turned around, walked over to Bea, and pulled her into his arms and kissed her. He reminded her to make sure that she washes the coffee cups and put them away so as Steve would not know that anyone was there with her. She smiled and assured him that she would.

As he walked out the back door, Bea never noticed before his lean muscular build and confident gate. Yes, she thought, he is a good man and she wanted things to go further.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Sixteen: Another Dimension

Why are some people fortunate in life while others suffer? Some say that we reap what we sow.  Others say that it is karma, the circle of life. Or it could just be our own free will that saves us or gets us in trouble. Whatever it may be, our roll in what happens to us also spreads out to those around us. While we forget that at the very moment that everything is put into motion, we are quickly reminded when others suffer because of our actions. In most cases, so do we.

*****
Tyler and Kevin were angry. Very, very angry. After all that they had done for Steve and now they are thrown to the curb like pieces of trash, garbage. They had gone to lunch together and could not help but talk about Steve and his perceived betrayal. They had worked hard for him both professionally and personally and now, they were ticked, ticked beyond words. Somehow, some way, they had to lay it out to Steve. They had to remind him of just how much they helped and how much they knew. While Tyler agreed with Kevin, he thought to himself that he had to be careful with Steve because a murder one or manslaughter conviction for his deceased wife's death were not options in his future. He was caught between a rock and a hard place and he had to figure out a way to get out of everything all together without pushing Steve the asshole and pissing off Kevin the ticking time bomb.

Kevin continued to talk about what to do with Steve, but Tyler was in his own little world. After a few minutes of raving about Steve, Kevin calmed down enough to realize that Tyler was in another place mentally right now. When Kevin asked him what was wrong, Tyler confided that his son was sick and not getting better. He was leaving early today so he could take him to the doctor. Tyler had picked up his son yesterday from the sitter' and the baby had a bad cough and a fever that was not going away. He cried all night and Tyler did not get much sleep. His cousin was at his apartment right now watching the baby until Tyler could get home and take him to the doctor's appointment this afternoon. Although Kevin professed concern and compassion for Tyler's son, he felt that Tyler was useless in his hatred for Steve. He would have to do things on his own and leave Tyler out of it. As a sniper in the military, he could also do things on his own.

The duo returned from lunch and Kevin went into his office and called Steve but there was no answer. He sat back in his chair and took deep breaths. He would have to think about this very carefully, not rush into anything that could turn on him. Yes, he would plan out his strategy very, very carefully. Piece by piece, step by step. Steve had to be cautioned for his betrayal to their loyalty with or without Tyler.

Tyler left early from work and was deep in thought all the way to his apartment. He could not lose his son. He was everything to him. He had sacrificed everything for him, including his two-bit mother. He was glad that she was gone. He was also glad that he did not have to deal with her dumb ass family anymore. He slept peacefully every night knowing that he did the right thing by leaving her to die in the fire and that his sacrifice was what was meant to be. Such is life as they say.

Tyler made it to his apartment and picked up his son. As he held him in his arms, he felt the fever. Mucous began to run out of his nose, and he was coughing. His cousin said that he did not want to eat anything but would still smile and was not difficult. She felt that it was good to be taking him to the doctor. Tyler thanked her and then left. As he put his son in the car seat, he saw the flushed color in his son's cheeks and was worried.

Tyler got to the doctor's office and was brought in immediately. The doctor came into the examination room with the baby's chart and asked Tyler some questions. Then the doctor used his stethoscope to listen to the baby's heart and lungs. The doctor pulled back and removed the stethoscope. He told Tyler that he detected a slight heart murmur and his lungs were very congested. The baby would have to go to the hospital right away. Stunned by the doctor's words, Tyler felt his body go limp and numb at the same time. Heart murmur, lungs congested, the hospital. The doctor was speaking but it was a garbled language in Tyler's ears. He quickly snapped out of it and told the doctor that they were going to the hospital right away. The doctor again repeated right away and Tyler felt his heart sinking into his stomach. The office would call ahead so they would be expecting his arrival at the hospital within the hour.

Tyler didn't even remember the ride to the hospital. He was speeding, but didn't give a shit  how fast. His son's life was in the balance. When he entered the emergency room, the baby was taken immediately into one of the exam rooms. ER personnel requested that Tyler wait until they got the baby situated and then they would bring him back to see his son.

The time it took to get the baby situated seemed like an eternity to Tyler. His anxiety was through the roof for more reasons than one. A nurse finally came into the waiting area and brought Tyler back to see his son. When he saw the baby hooked up on all the monitors, oxygen, and IV's, he broke down and started to cry but caught himself. He had to be strong for his little buddy. He held his little hand and looked at his fragile little fingers. He looked so helpless, as helpless as Tyler felt. The doctor came in and said that the baby had Alveolar Capillary Dysplasia. He explained to Tyler that it was a disease where the alveoli air sacs in the lungs are not properly developed and is causing pulmonary hypertension. Seeing Tyler's facial expression, the doctor gently advised Tyler that without a lung transplant, most infants do not live past 1 year old. Tears started to stream down Tyler's face as he just stared straight ahead, listening but not really. His son. His son was not going to live very long. Tyler was numb and in shock. The doctor told Tyler that he had called in several specialists that would be on the baby's team. They would immediately put him on a lung transplant list.

How could it go from being a cold to slowly dying? This is too fast to comprehend. Seeing Tyler's shock, the doctor then left him alone with his son. Tyler was certain that God was punishing him. He felt it. He just knew it. But why the baby? He was innocent and did nothing to anyone. Tyler began to pray, pray for his son and for himself. He pleaded with God over and over again to take him instead of his son. What Tyler did not know was that God does not make deals. God does what God does, especially when we do not listen and do what we want to do. But, not being very religious, Tyler did not understand that. He thought that the situation would be fixed somehow with making a deal.

The next morning, Tyler had fallen asleep in the ER with the baby. The nurse came in and told him that they were moving the baby to ICU later in the day. She suggested that he go home to change clothes and then come back. He needed a break and took her advice. So, Tyler went home and called into work to Steve. Steve expressed his concern and told him not to worry about anything there, that he would handle everything with HR and a leave of absence. Tyler really did not give a flying rat's ass what needed to be done at work with HR. His son was far more important than work.

Tyler took a shower and as he was getting dressed and packing clothes for his stay at the hospital, his doorbell rang. He opened the door and a small woman with long hair asked him if he was Tyler  Blynczynski. When he replied that he was, the woman shoved a piece of paper into his chest and ran off.  When he opened it, it was a subpoena requiring a court appearance next week. Nina's parents and brother were suing for custody of the baby. He needed this like a hole in the head right now. Will they ever go away? He had no time for this. Now he had to seek out an attorney to fight them. What assholes.

Tyler knew of several attorneys who had advertised with the agency so he called the one that was one of the best custody lawyers in the state, Demaris Leckenston. He was ruthless and took no prisoners. He and Tyler used to partner with Racquetball and when Tyler called him for his help, he gladly agreed to take on the lawsuit. He would meet with him tomorrow to go over everything. Tyler was relieved. Now he had to go see his son. Screw those assholes. He was going to make sure that they never bothered neither his son nor him again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Seventeen: Surprise, Surprise

People like religious holiday times. The art of gift giving seems to have developed into full-fledge Capitalism over time. Advertisers put forth their discounts and ads while shoppers are bombarded with images from print, TV, mail, and techno medias. There is always one more gift to get before the final day, the day that they have been waiting for all year long. Watching holiday movies and preparing holiday meals are a tradition while others use such occasions to show off their material worth.

If one is materialistic, money is no object and no expense is too much especially if it gets the desired result of admiration and adoration. For others, materialistic values have no value at all. As it has been for generations, conflicting values add to the fray.

*****
Tyler had called Steve about his son. What a shame, but not much that Steve could do about it. Besides, Steve had a lot of things to do on his own agenda. He had so many plans for the upcoming marketing event, both professionally and personally. His mind drifted to Tina and he called her on his cell. He told her that he had a job function event in two weeks but he had a surprise for her afterwards. They had been talking about expanding their special time together and he had the perfect gift for her. Tina could hardly wait when Steve described that he had found someone to complete their little love games. He told her that he would see her tomorrow and they would discuss it more. After Steve hung up with Tina, he felt very stimulated and began to rub between his legs. He stopped himself because he had a meeting to go to in fifteen minutes and he needed to calm down. Literally. He did not know what he would do without her. She was his sexual everything and he was hers. They even had performed a bloodletting ceremony to bond their relationship. Tina would do anything and everything for Steve.

Steve quickly shifted his thoughts to the upcoming party in a couple of weeks. It was the holiday season and everything was going to be perfect. Belinda took care of his house, Tina took care of his needs, and, now, Yvette would take care of his party and maybe more. Ah, Yvette. He picked up the phone, called her, and asked her to come to his office in about an hour. Yes, Yvette. She was so perfect, so divine. Life was so good.

Yvette hung up her phone after speaking with Steve. Yuck. She was beside herself. She felt like she was suffering from PTSD every time her phone rang. She was fine when dealing with the party planners, but having to report to Steve just sent chills up her spine and put bile in her throat. Almost an hour later, she quickly gathered her party information and slowly went to the elevator to Executive Row. When she got off the elevator, she was surprised that Kathy was not there today. Apparently, she called out sick. Yvette did not blame her. She would too if she could. Steve had that affect on many people.

Steve's office door was slightly open and she gently knocked on the door. Steve came over to the door and ushered her in. He held out the seat in front of his desk for her to sit down. Being a gentleman again...what's up with this jerk now? Cautiously, she sat down and wondered why he was being such a freaking gentleman. What a slime ball.

Yvette laid out all of the information across the desk to go over everything with Steve. She went over the location possibilities, food menus, decorations, music, parking, and all of the little amenities that could be offered. Steve sat back in his chair, with that glassy-eyed look and his hands folded on his stomach, just watching her with amusement. He told her that no expense was too much for this party. He did want the entertainment to be slightly different. He told her that Tyler and Kevin were putting together a list of employee talent and that she should check with them. He explained that he wanted to enlist those in the company to perform in between the paid music entertainers. He told her that he had found out that she was a lyric soprano and wanted her to sing a musical piece. Yvette's heart sank.

As her mind wrapped around what he just said to her, Steve got up from the other side of the table and walked around behind her. He leaned over her very gently, putting his hand on her shoulder, gently massaging it, and opened her entertainment prospectus book. He pointed at it and told her to let him know the musical piece she was going to perform as well as what the other employees were going to do. He gently rubbed her shoulder then moved back to his desk. He dismissed her and told her that they would meet again in two days.

Yvette got up and gathered all of her information. When she leaned over to pick up her things, Steve could see down the front of her blouse. Yvette was very unaware. He felt his desire rise as he continued to stare at her chest and got that glassy-look again in his eyes. Yvette looked up and saw that he was staring at her. She never left an office so quickly.

What the hell is wrong with this pervert? How in the world did he know that she was classically trained? It must have been either Tyler or Kevin. They had their noses into everyone else's business and now she had to work with them. She hated her life right now, but she had to maintain her cool and keep up her image. She was concerned, though, about just how much information they knew about her, how they got it, and why. She just needed to lay low for the moment and get this stupid Steve project done. As far as Tyler and Kevin were concerned, she would take care of them later. Right now, she just wanted to get through this part of the assignment as quickly as possible. She had more important things to do than this project. But, maybe, just maybe, this is the exact project she needed to fill in the blanks.

Yvette decided to stop by Kevin's office to see if he had any information on the employee talent for Steve's party. Somewhat surprised, Kevin invited her in and motioned to her to please sit down. Kevin explained that Tyler's son was very sick and was admitted to the hospital ICU, so it would just be him working with her right now. He told her that he had a partial list and was still reaching out to the employees who would want to perform. Not many wanted to volunteer, but he did have at least two people who wanted to do it. Just wonderful. What a surprise. There were actually a couple of clowns that wanted to do the shows. She explained that she was asked to sing so maybe they could have an audition-like get together where they could practice but she would have to run it by Lorenzo first. Kevin thought it was a good idea and if they could do that, she could forward the information so they could get together and go over things. She suggested late tomorrow afternoon after her meeting with Lorenzo, as Steve wanted it wrapped up in two days. She ended their meeting by thanking Kevin and that she would definitely email with everything.

Yvette left Kevin's office with an odd feeling. Something was a little off with Kevin today. He did have some opposite mood swings especially lately. Maybe it was something personal. Then again, maybe it was Steve the magical asshole again pushing his plans. She just could not put her finger on it. But when it came to anything connected to Steve, everybody was a little off. He just made people feel that way.

Yvette busied herself with contacting the party planner company. She wanted to meet with them to go over the itinerary maybe this afternoon so she could get most of the details shored up by tomorrow. She secured a meeting with Lorenzo, the certified master planner with Pratique. Lorenzo was extremely well renowned for his celebrated expertise of award winning designs of multi-layered functions such as the one that Steve wanted. Their appointment was for 1:30 in the afternoon and Yvette was looking forward to it. Anything that would get her out of the office and away from anything Steve.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Eighteen: Paths

There are times in our lives that we come to an intersection on a lonely stretch of road.     Sometimes, there are other cars waiting to cross our path and sometimes, we are alone. It is the who and what we encounter at those crossroads that make the decision for us. And sometimes, we never realize that the decision has been made until it is too late.

*****
Noontime rolled around and Yvette packed up her belongings to go to lunch and then to meet with Lorenzo. Her drive to Pratique's office was a pleasant drive through the mountainous roads with beautiful foliage. It had just rained earlier in the morning and the trees still glistened with the left over raindrops lying so gently on the branches.

Yvette arrived at the gated building and reached out of her car window to ring the buzzer. The security company monitoring the cameras buzzed open the ornate gates to let her in and she drove up the winding driveway to the porte-cochère. Once there, she gave her keys to the valet attendant and entered the grand foyer where she was quickly greeted by Lorenzo. She had never met Lorenzo before but there was something very familiar about him. She could not quite put her finger on it.

Lorenzo led her into his very spacious office that was decorated in a combination of Neo and Art Deco styles. As she looked around, she noticed just how much thought and attention was given to the style and comfort of the office. Yes, it was definitely a Lorenzo style of room. And yes, he was perfect for Steve's party.

Yvette pulled out all of the literature that Lorenzo had sent to her while Lorenzo pulled out his work order to start putting things together. The event would be held there at their location that would provide the security, valet service, coat check, etc. The cocktail hour would consist of butler white glove service with oysters, foie gras, caviar, champagne, and petit fours. The head butler would announce the time for dinner, which would consist of 12 food stations with each one, staffed with a chef and 4 assistants. There would be multiple ice carvings depicting ocean scenes and animals, 4 champagne fountains, 4 chocolate fountains, and 4 dessert stations staffed with a main certified Swiss Chocolatier and his staff. The music would be performed by the Lattier Symphonic, a nationally renowned classical music-performing group. There would be an additional harp player who had studied at the Paris Conservatory. The decorations would be of a subtle classical nature with Roman and Greek statues. There would also be living statues to amuse the guests in between musical sets. At the end, all of the guests would get a "goodie bag" loaded with small designer trinkets and such. He suggested keeping the invitee list small with only the very top clients being included.

Yvette was stunned. So much he had done in such a short amount of time. He was the master of events. Unfortunately, it would be wasted on Steve. But, at least everyone else would enjoy it and it would leave a most indelible mark as to the agency's reputation for class and marketing. There was only one problem: how to pitch Steve's idea of employees performing to Lorenzo. Yvette began by telling Lorenzo that they would go along with all of his ideas and that they were absolutely fabulous and over the top. It was then that she told him of Steve's idea as well as her singing. Lorenzo sighed and leaned back in his artsy chair and chewed on the top of his gold pen as he looked at her. He did not want to have the other employees perform but was very curious about her singing. She told him that she was classically trained at Julliard and was a lyric soprano. She wanted to sing opera as a career but other things happened in her life to change her path to her dream.

Lorenzo stared intently at Yvette for a minute then told her to sing Ave Maria for him. Ok, if this is what it took to get him to agree. She stood up, cleared her throat, and sang the most beautiful version of Ave Maria that he had ever heard. When she was done, Lorenzo stood up clapping and shouted bravo. Yes, he would want her to sing maybe even with the Symphonic. But the others, no. He would not have it and she could tell Steve that he said so. Ok. Yvette it is then. But then, it was for Steve and she hated Steve. But, Lorenzo was ok and she liked Lorenzo so she would do it for him. Lorenzo would contact her tomorrow morning with the final itinerary and then she could present it to Steve.

With their meeting concluded, Yvette left Pratique and headed home to her apartment. It was late enough in the day and she was tired. She did contact Kevin to let him know that she would be the only one performing, as the music was a classical tone for the event. Kevin understood but sounded disappointed. He sounded disappointed more and more these days. Yvette shrugged it off and headed home so she could relax and get ready for work the next day. Steve was a jerk but for some reason, seemed to be going along with the work that she had done so far. She was relieved but not relieved. There was always some sort of catch with Steve.

She took a shower, poured herself a glass of wine, and tried to go through her mail. Not wanting to deal with mail tonight, she took her glass of wine and her salad for dinner and sat down on her couch to watch some TV. It was an exhausting and stressful day. Tomorrow would not be any better but at least she could prepare for it by relaxing tonight.

The next day, Yvette arrived at the office early so she could put everything together for Steve and she would not have to spend too much time with him. The least, the better as far as she was concerned. She was apprehensive about how she was going to explain that the other employees were nixed by Lorenzo. Maybe Steve would accept that as an explanation, maybe not. It was worth a try though.

She called Steve and asked what time he wanted to meet and he told her to come to his office now because his calendar was clear at the moment. So, again, she trekked to the elevator to go to Executive Row, got off on the 4th floor, and saw Kathy sitting at her desk. After she had asked how she was feeling, Kathy relayed better but not better. Yvette knew exactly what she meant. Kathy told her that Steve said to go right in once Yvette got there. At least Kathy was close by. Although she could handle herself, Yvette still felt a little bit better with someone else around while meeting with Steve.

She knocked lightly on his door and Steve shouted to come in.  Once inside, Yvette sat down at the meeting table and Steve came over and sat down next to her. He could smell her soft and delicate perfume but quickly moved his mind to the project at hand. Yvette spread out everything from the party portfolio and then cautiously told Steve that Lorenzo did not want the other employees to perform but that he wanted her to sing one or two operatic pieces during the evening. Waiting for his temper to flare, Yvette was stunned that Steve agreed with Lorenzo. If that is what Lorenzo wanted, he knew best and he wasn't going to argue that.

With their meeting concluded, Yvette gathered up her things and started to leave when Steve actually paid her a complement by saying that she had done a wonderful job. As she had her hand on the doorknob and was more than ready to leave, he continued saying that he felt that she had extreme potential with the agency and he was going to see to it that she gets a promotion out of this. Feeling sick to her stomach, Yvette turned around to face him but could barely force a smile to say thank you. She quickly exited the office, leaned on the wall outside of the room, and exhaled. Kathy saw her dismay and just nodded in agreement. Hitting the elevator button several times, she needed to get back to a safer floor. Yvette did not know how much more she could take with this assignment. Only time would tell.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Nineteen: Breakdown

Life can throw us curveballs sometimes. We never see it coming, but when it hits, we know it. We can look back on all of the signs that led up to an incident. At that point, we have two choices: deal with the issue or fall apart. Falling apart creates other problems for those around us watching and waiting. They do not understand the depth of despair, the moments of anguish, and the intensity of emotions. It will haunt and then consume its' victims as they sink into uncharted territory.

They will never understand the emotional fall.

*****
The hospital had set up a bed/chair in his son's ICU room where he could be with him constantly. Tyler was there, 24/7 for his son. After a couple of days, the medical staff became concerned with Tyler's mental and physical well-being. They suggested that he take a break every so often as his son was in good hands. Tyler did not believe that as he saw his son get weaker by the hour. 

By the 2nd day in the hospital, Tyler saw the life slip away from his son's eyes. He had a hard time seeing and comprehending what he thought he saw. His son just died but it still didn't register in his mind. He ran into the hallway and screamed for help...please, somebody help! After the medical staff rushed in, the doctor examined his little baby boy and knew that he had passed away. Placing a hand in comfort on Tyler's shoulder, the doctor said that he was sorry. Tyler just stared straight ahead, almost in a trance.

The staff left him alone for a while so he could have time alone with his innocent baby boy. He picked him up, held him in his arms, and began to sob uncontrollably. He looked up at the ceiling and yelled at God that they had a deal. This was not supposed to happen. The doctors said he was doing fine. He continued to sob rocking back and forth with his lifeless son in his arms. He kept shouting over and over and over again for his son to come back, to not leave him. His baby was his world and he wanted him back. He shouted at God again to bring his son back but his cries were met with absolute silence.

After an hour, medical personnel came into the room and tried to console Tyler but he was not having any of that. He shouted at them that they said his son was fine and now he is dead. After trying to reason with him, they told him that they had to prepare the baby but Tyler shouted at them and would not let go. Finally, hospital security was called and had to use some force to get him to calm down and get him to a quiet place to collect his thoughts. They walked with him to the elevators and those waiting stepped aside so that Tyler and the hospital team would go on the elevator by themselves. They stopped at the chapel and sat with him for a while. Tyler calmed down but could not stop crying. The doctor who had also accompanied him to the chapel asked if there was anyone that he could contact to come to the hospital and take him home. Tyler gave him Kevin's number.

Kevin got the call from the doctor that Tyler's son had passed away and that he would need a ride home as he was in no condition to drive himself. Kevin said that he would be there immediately and told the doctor to tell Tyler that he was on his way. The doctor was extremely worried about Tyler. He had seen many others go through the grieving process, but Tyler seemed like it was going to take a very long time for him to heal. He gave Tyler his phone number and told him to call him if he needed anything, anything at all.

Kevin raced to the hospital and hurried to the chapel area. Tyler was beside himself. Upon seeing Kevin, he broke down again. Kevin put his arm around him and Tyler began to sob so hard that he had a hard time breathing and had to use his inhaler. Slowly, Tyler began to collect himself and got up with Kevin to leave. Kevin would stay with Tyler over the next few nights because he did not want him to be alone. Tyler did not trust himself right now and needed to be around others.

It was a rough ride home and a sleepless night as well. He could not get his baby's face, smile, and laughter out of his head. It kept playing over and over again in his mind and would not stop. How could he ever deal with this nightmare? He thought that he would wake up in the morning and it would all be just a bad dream. He would be feeding breakfast to his son, drop him off at the sitter's, and then head to work. The hospital was not real. None of it was real. It could not be. 

In the morning, Kevin called into work for Tyler and himself. He was going to stay with him today. He also had told Natalie about Tyler's baby and told her that he was staying at Tyler's for the next few days. He thought it best not to have Tyler at their place because their baby was a reminder and might cause him more anguish right now. It was a very emotional and rough evening for Tyler and Kevin was not sure how he was going to cope down the road.

As Kevin was fixing breakfast, Tyler's phone rang. It was his lawyer, Demaris. In between sobs, Tyler told him about the baby's death. Demaris expressed his deep sorrow and told him that he would take care of everything on that end with the ex-in-laws. He told him not to worry, get some rest, and to call him if he needed anything. Tyler appreciated it and would get back to him sometime next week. When he thought about the custody battle, he broke down again. Now, there was no need to fight. Hope they are happy now. The baby is dead. End of story, bastards.

Demaris reached out to Rose and Angelo's lawyer to advise them of the baby's death. Always a more difficult situation with the death of a child. When Rose and Anthony were told about his death, they were sick. They called Angelo and told him in between sobs that Nina's baby was dead. They had lost any connection whatsoever to their only daughter who had died in the tragic fire. Angelo was not too convinced. How convenient that they file a custody suit and a couple of days later, the baby is dead. He wanted more information. This time, the worthless piece of shit was not going to get away with it. He picked up the phone and began to dial.

Over the next couple of days, Tyler was numb and could barely function. He had an appointment to go to the funeral home and make the arrangements for his son's funeral. His parents, who had flown in from Chicago, and his cousin went with him for support. When they showed Tyler the tiny caskets, he broke down. The thought of putting his baby boy in a box to be buried in the ground made him sick. What if his son woke up and was in the box? Tyler would never hear his cries for help. The funeral director stopped and asked Tyler if he needed a few minutes. Tyler told him to continue. The funeral director went through everything that could be done and Tyler agreed. Just do it. He needed it to be done with it all before he changed his mind.

As he left the funeral home, his parents and cousin put their arms around Tyler. They were feeling his pain also. An adult death is one thing but a baby is another. Especially when it is your own family.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty: Timing
Most people know that the best made plans do not necessarily go the way we want it to sometimes. We draw, we plan, we map out how we want things to go but there always is an unpredictable outlier that throws the wrench in our well-oiled machine. Sometimes, we can go back to the drawing board and other times, we have run out of options.

When there are no options left, panic and desperation set in.

*****
It was a crisp and clear November night in Washington. Usually this time of year would present the much colder winter weather associated with the upcoming holiday season. But Bea did not mind the beautiful weather. Steve had been promoted the month before and was planning a marketing-promotion-congratulations party for the early part of December. Bea could care less. Her spirit was dead from all of the years of his emotional, mental, and physical abuse. She had had enough and was ready to leave but there still was that conditioned emotion of fear that had always seemed to paralyze her from moving on with her life. Thank God she had Liam to lean on. And now, their relationship had moved into another level and she was excited about that. Not too much brought joy to her over the years with Steve, but now she had a reason, a purpose in her life with Liam. Liam was true and not a rebound.

Steve would be going away next week for three days on business to Los Angeles. If she was going to leave him, that would be the perfect time. She called Liam and would meet him around 4:00 after work at the cafe a couple of blocks away from her office. It was quiet and less traveled there. They already had their script ready that if someone should see them: they were discussing a couple of cases. Steve had already texted her that he had a meeting and would be late getting home so not to wait up. He would catch dinner on the way home. Bea thought how nice that was of Steve. Always thinking of himself, as he never offered to pick something up for her. She was certain that his "meeting" was not with his office personnel. There had to be someone else again. Good. It would give her more time to plan her escape.

Liam was punctual as always. He was off today and was dressed very casually. He had a very muscular build so his shirt and jeans accentuated his 6'3" body just so. As she watched him come over to her table, she felt electricity rush up through her body and had to secretly catch her breath. Yes, Liam was a very, very handsome man and she wanted him. His dark hair and beautiful soulful eyes hypnotized her to the very core. Not yet. No, but when the time was right.

He sat down across from her with his beautiful sparkling eyes and mesmerizing smile. She leaned over, took his hands into hers, and stared into his gorgeous face. He smiled even bigger. Bea was a beautiful woman and he was overcome with emotion that he still had to keep his mind straight. 

Almost losing her train of thought while looking at his gorgeous smile, Bea cleared her throat and told Liam about Steve's upcoming business trip. She wondered if he could arrange everything for then. He assured her that all could be done and asked her if she was certain that this was what she wanted to do. She had no doubts. Earlier in the marriage, she was embarrassed and thought that her family would never let her forget it if she left Steve. Now, as she was a couple years older, her parents and sister were gone. She only had her brother who lived far away on the East coast so she did not want to bother him with her mess. Liam said that he understood and told her that she was still young and had many positive things coming down the road for her.

As she was speaking, Liam continued to gaze into her eyes and thought how gorgeous and natural she was. He was lost in a spellbinding fog as she spoke and he tried to listen to what she was saying. God, she was stunning, kind, and gentle. He knew at that point that he would marry her one day. But after all that she had been through, he was not going to risk scaring her off. Because of Steve's maniacal ways, Bea was a shell as fragile as a bird's. But also because of Steve, she was here with Liam. For that, he was very grateful and hopeful.

Liam told Bea that he would talk to his friends and get a schedule together. He told her that he would rent a truck, get all of the packing supplies, and storage unit for her so Steve could not find out or trace it. He also told her that his house is safe as it is alarmed with an advanced security system with cameras connected to his cell phone so he can monitor every little thing going on. Besides, he knew that she would love his two Dobermans, Ozzie and Tank, and they would like her. His grin got bigger as he told her that his dogs were very good judges of people's souls. She was surprised that he would have two but they had two also. She told him all about Max and Bandit and what big babies they were. She then thought about what would happen to them if she left. Liam told her that they would be fine as Steve seemed to like the dogs better than people. Although she loved the two dogs to death, that was probably a very true statement indeed.

Liam suggested that they should start to leave and he would walk her to her car. They left the coffee shop and headed down the street a couple of blocks to the parking garage where Bea had parked earlier in the day for work. Once in the elevator, Bea reached over and shyly grabbed Liam's hand. He looked over at her and gently squeezed her hand as if to say that all will be ok. When they reached the sixth floor, most of the employees had already left for the night. It felt very deserted but she was safe with Liam. As they got to her car, Liam looked around to make sure no one was looking and pulled Bea closer into his arms. He gently bent down and gave her a loving kiss on her lips and she just melted into his muscular physique and tender embrace. For a brief moment, they did not even know where they were as the feelings that were invoked were so intense. So intense, that she could feel Liam's eagerness, which increased her fervor. They pulled back from one another, staring into each other's eyes, breathless and energized with physical emotion. Liam told her that she should go and get some rest tonight. He would start working on things when he got home. They continued to stare at one another. He did not want her to go. He wanted her to stay with him forever. But he still had to keep a level head - for both of their sakes.

Liam opened the car door for Bea. She started to get in but quickly turned around, put her arms around his neck, and pulled him closer to her so she could give him a deeper kiss goodnight. He told her that he did not want her to go, but for now, she had to go. 

As she drove away, Liam thought about how he had never felt this way about anyone. And, ashamedly, not even with Jennifer. He thought that it was love with Jennifer, but after Bea, he knew the difference. Each time he met with Bea, he was slowly falling deeply and hopelessly in love with her. He had learned so much about her and wanted more of her each day. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-One: Substitute

He was inconsolable. He cried so much that he could not breathe through his nose and his chest hurt from the emotional heaving of his pain. No amount or type of liquor could subside his anguish. He would wake up the next day, still feeling the effects of a drunken stupor and was still not able to erase the images from his head. No matter how hard he pounded on the sides of his head, Tyler could not get the images to stop streaming.

Day after day, night after night, he was haunted by it all. Yesterday brought even more torture for him. He thought that the funeral would ease his torment, but Tyler was ever so ever wrong. If nothing else, his pain was a well-deserved and never-ending cruelty that saw no end in sight.

Karma can be such an uncompromising bitch sometimes.

*****
He felt the bright sunshine on his face and woke up. He lifted his head but the intense headache made him roll around the floor to try to hide his face from the bright sunlight. He did not remember much from the previous night. He does not remember much these days. He must have been drunk and fallen asleep on the floor. He could barely move but he had to get up because he was due back in at work today. He did not want to go back. He had taken a month leave of absence after his son died but he still was not ready to go back.

He slowly sat up and crawled to the sofa. He pushed himself up on the sofa but fell back down onto it. He was arguing in his mind with himself about his life, his son, Nina, and going back to work all the while having a raging headache that just would not quit. This was going to be a tough day today for Tyler but he had to do it. Bills were due and his creditors were patient enough with his excuses.

He got up slowly from the couch and made his way to the bathroom. When he looked into the bathroom mirror, he was taken aback by his appearance. Unshaven, unkempt hair, teeth not brushed. Yes, he was a mess. He then noticed his body odor. He could not remember the last time that he showered. He lathered up his face and kept splashing cold water on it repeatedly. He stared at himself in the mirror then took out his shaver and began to shave his face. After he was done, he got in the shower and just let the water roll off his body for several minutes. Although his go-to-work routine was the same, it felt different this time. He felt numb as if his emotional being was not in his body. He felt as if he did not exist as he did before. He was changed.

Tyler made his way into work that day and was greeted by the sympathies of his coworkers. Although they meant well, it still did not help Tyler. He was empty, a shell of his former self. He made his way to his office and sat down at his desk when Kevin came in. Kevin had not heard from Tyler for a couple of weeks. He had called him and even went to his apartment but he could not get in touch with him. He was worried. Tyler assured Kevin that he was ok and was trying to get back into the swing of things and that it was going to take some time. Kevin felt bad for Tyler's baby but he felt nothing when it came to death itself, especially when it was a stranger or a known enemy. He had learned that in the military. Detachment makes death so easy, but the pain from the death of a loved one has its' own consequences. Tyler assured Kevin that they would catch up at lunch. As Kevin left his office, he knew that Tyler was drastically changed.

As he was catching up on his emails, Tyler's phone rang and it was Steve. He asked if he could come up to his office to talk. Tyler told him that he would be up in a couple of minutes and started to mumble after hanging up the phone. What the fuck does he want now? Doesn't he know that he just got back in? Can't he leave him alone for one damn minute? He hated Steve. He had no patience today to listen to his bullshit, egotistical sermons, and demands. He was ready to lay into Steve if he got to be too much. Tyler then realized that he was ready to explode and tried to do some self-talk to calm down but it was hard. He took some deep breathes and got up from his desk to go meet with Steve.

The elevator opened to the fourth floor and Kathy stood up and walked over to Tyler. She gave him a big hug and asked how he was doing. Tyler's eyes began to well up with tears but he smiled and told her that things are rough but getting better little by little. She patted him on his shoulder and walked with him over to Steve's office door. She told him to just relax and that he would be fine. Tyler gave her a knowing nod and slight smile. He liked Kathy. She was at least a human being...unlike Steve. Kathy knocked on the door and opened it for Tyler. She reminded him that all would be ok.

Steve gave Tyler a big phony smile, shook his hand, and welcomed him back. He motioned to him to have a seat. Steve told him that he just wanted to touch base with him to see how he was doing and if there was anything that they could do for him. Tyler felt the rage start to well up inside of him. There he goes again. Not Steve, but what the company could do for him. What about all of the shit he did for Steve? And the freaking company can't bring back his son so what the hell? Tyler bit his tongue. He told Steve that he just needed to get back into his work and everything would be ok. While Tyler was saying that, Steve noticed that Tyler just did not seem quite right. He was wound very tightly like a ticking time bomb. He had to keep a close eye on him.  Steve warily ended the conversation with that he just wanted to let Tyler know that they were there for him and would support him in anything that he needed.

Tyler left the office and said goodbye to Kathy. She gave him a smile and again told him that all will be ok. On his elevator ride to his office floor, Tyler kept playing Steve's monologue over and repeatedly in his head. He just could not get it to stop. He had to find some release from this torment. The elevator door opened and it was George from operations. He liked George. He was always a very polite older gentleman and never spoke badly about anyone. He expressed his sympathies and then told him that maybe a night out with some of his coworkers might be fun. He told Tyler that they were going to the casino for just a few hours tonight if he was interested. Thinking that going out with others might help the constant replay stop in his head, Tyler accepted the offer.

The group decided to meet in the casino lobby around 6pm for dinner and then do some gambling. After dinner, a couple of the guys decided to go play craps and Tyler and George decided to play some Blackjack. It was while Tyler and George were looking for a good table that Tyler saw Brooke dealing at the $25 Blackjack table. Tyler motioned to George to go to that table and they sat down. Brooke remembered Tyler immediately and asked how the job at the agency was. He told her that things were going very well. Just then, she was tapped out to go on her break. Tyler had the new dealer hold his spot while he got up quickly and followed Brooke. He caught up with her before she got to the back of the house entrance and told her a little bit about Nina and his son. An idea popped in his head at that moment and he told her about a job opening, pay, bonuses, and how she would be a natural. The agency was looking for people and she would be perfect. He did not know what her personal situation was but she may decide that it was something she wanted to do. He gave her his business card and told her to call him if she was interested and he could get a good word in for her. She took the card and told him that she would think about it.

After an hour at the table, Tyler and George decided to call it quits. They cashed out their meager winnings and left to go home.  Tyler got to his apartment door and sighed. As he opened the door, he felt a little bit different. Somehow though, seeing Brooke again, his apartment did not seem as empty. He looked around and saw the mess of the past month of empty liquor bottles, plates with food, and trash strewn about. He got out a trash bag and started to clean up everything. Within the next two hours, Tyler had his apartment back together. Just as he was getting ready to take the trash out to the garbage container, his phone rang. It was Brooke. She would like to try a job at the agency. He told her to fill out an application the next day and he would make his contacts.

Yes, Kathy was right. It will get better.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Two: Snap

She had the looks and knew how to use them. As a little girl, she never thought much of it, but when she reached puberty, her whole world changed. Males of all ages, sizes, shapes, and color noticed her and she loved the attention. She quickly learned that she could get whatever she wanted just by a quick smile and flirty attention.

She had married at an early age but was soon divorced a year later. He ex-husband had pursued her as she was a trophy that all men desired. When he got her, the excitement of the chase wore
 off very quickly and he began his pursuit of others.

Brooke vowed that she would get men to do everything for her - without a commitment. As an adult, she was socially shrewd and polished.

*****
Brooke had filled out the application at the agency and, with putting down Tyler as a company reference, got an immediate interview. She was subsequently hired and started work the next week. Tyler was ecstatic as he would be closer to her every day. Maybe even be her training sponsor. But he had to make it clear to the other dogs in heat at the company that she was off-limits or else. He would definitely make certain of that.

Brooke was a little apprehensive as this was something very different than her casino-dealing job. Entirely different. But she was certain that there would be plenty of people in the company that would show her the "ropes." She was also certain that Tyler would be the first one in line to do so. It did not take long...she was not disappointed. Tyler was like a child emotionally so she knew how to wrap him around her little fingers. One night after work, she went out with Tyler and a couple of other people to the casino and Tyler had too much to drink. He expressed to her how he always had a "crush" on her ever since they had worked together at the casino and wanted to date her so badly. How childish he was. She thought that he would ask her to go steady next the way he was going after six beers. What a jerk. She also knew how men would have very loose lips - especially after a couple of drinks. Tyler fit the picture perfectly. At the end of the night, they all went their separate ways. Thank God.

Tyler called out sick the next day. He had a splitting headache and had his head in the toilet bowl throwing up all night. Brooke knew that he probably would be staying home. It was the day when Tyler called out that she connected with Eddie.

Eddie was divorced with two daughters and had an easy going, congenial way about him. His divorce was not final when he met Brooke. Early on in their relationship, Eddie knew that he loved Brooke and that she loved him so he started working on the divorce. His divorce was so bitter but with Brooke there to help him, all worked out well. Their relationship grew closer and closer every day. All the while, Tyler observed their budding relationship and saw red. Brooke was supposed to be his not Eddie's. Eddie was a piece of shit according to Tyler. Tyler was so angry with Eddie for stealing Brooke that he called Eddie's mortgage company and filed an anonymous fraud complaint. The Fraud Investigator from the mortgage company questioned Eddie and his estranged wife to determine if fraud had occurred. Much to Tyler's discontent, the final determination was that they had not committed any crime so they were exonerated. Tyler could not stand to lose to Eddie because Eddie was a low life in his eyes. Couldn't Brooke see that?

Brooke and Eddie continued with their relationship, even moving in together. As far as Brooke was concerned, Eddie was a true person and the one man where she was number one and not some trophy. Although she would never feel that same way about Tyler, she was still grateful to him for her new job and for Eddie. But the jealous way that Tyler was acting really annoyed and frustrated her. She was her own person and did not "belong" to anyone. Couldn't Tyler see that.

Tyler was beside himself. All women were the same. They were only good for one thing and even that was not the best at times. In his mind, Tyler began to fluctuate between fantasy and delusion when it came to Brooke. In his office, he would doodle for hours on his notepaper. As the days went by, his drawings became more and more juvenile. He would draw hearts with his name and Brooke's inside of it. Then, the doodling began to get ominous with hangman stick figures of Eddie with knives and arrows pointed at him. That graduated into knives being stuck in the body, throats being cut, and nooses strangling the stick figure.

Tyler slowly graduated from drawings to actions. After work, he would leave early, wait in his car, and follow Eddie and Brooke home. He would sit and wait outside until they went to bed and would then sneak up to the house and peek into the windows. On one occasion, he saw the two of them making love in the bedroom on the first floor, so he began to masturbate as he watched from outside the window. He would do this every night whether he saw them making love or not. One night, he was so into his physical fantasizing that he moaned loudly. So loudly, that Eddie and Brooke heard the noise and rushed to turn on the lights. Tyler ducked down from the window and slithered along the house and along the side yard until he got to the street and to his car. It was a close call but he felt so good. Yes, Brooke was the one for him. No other woman ever made him feel this damn good physically. He was ready for the real physical moment.

As time went on, Tyler became more and more obsessed with Brooke. His thoughts turned to a life with only Brooke and Tyler. If Eddie was out of the way, then Brooke and Tyler would live happily ever after. At this point, Tyler decided to pursue her. He knew that she loved the attention and he would go out of his way to piss off Eddie so he would look bad in front of Brooke. In Tyler's twisted mind, Brooke would eventually get tired of Eddie and then she would rush into Tyler's arms. Mission accomplished. He would have her every single night and she would be completely satisfied. He felt his excitement rising so he closed his office door and locked it. He finished his excitement and wiped himself off. He started to get excited again and again. He did not know how long he could wait for her. Every day, he was in a continual mode of excitement. Tyler's mind had finally snapped. Just then, his company cell rang and it was Steve asking to see Tyler in his office for a minute. What the fuck!?! What...my shirt isn't tucked in?!? Not now, damn it!! He hated Steve so much.

Tyler marched angrily out of his office and headed for the elevator. He slammed the up button. When the elevator doors opened, he got on and slammed the 4th floor button. When he reached the 4th floor, he angrily marched out of the elevator and over to Steve's office door. He stopped short and just stared at the mahogany door. Kathy came out from behind her desk and talked to Tyler to calm him down. She explained that he was still in the grief stages and the anger level will eventually subside. She told him to take some deep breathes before he went into Steve's office. After a few minutes of breathing deeply, Tyler knocked on the office door and Steve told him to come in and shook his hand. Damn it, Tyler, your hand is all sticky. He must have been eating those donuts again in his office. He knows that there's no food allowed in offices. Look at him standing there with a big grin on his face. What a dumb ass.

Steve just wanted to see how Tyler was doing and to go over the celebration party that was coming up next week. Steve told him not to worry about anything with the party and to just enjoy himself and relax. Tyler felt relieved. Relieved that his anger had subsided and that Steve was not pressing him for a to-do list with the party.

	With their quick meeting over, Tyler left but Brooke was still right there in his mind. She was there during the day, during the night, and in his dreams. This must be love to have a person with you 24/7.

Yes, it was Brooke and Tyler forever and ever. She would be his for all of eternity.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Three: Dear John

She was taking a huge leap, a leap of faith into unknown territory. It was terrifying and exciting at the same time. She was always afraid to make the move because she did not know who, what, when, where, and how she would do it. She had felt so alone over the years, so isolated from family and friends. She had always prayed for a way to a comfortable and safe path. She knew that when it was time that there would only be a small window of opportunity available.

Bea knew that this was the right time and path for which she had prayed for all of these years. She now had a way out and a new path...with Liam.

*****
Steve would be leaving for the airport to fly to California on a red eye flight tomorrow, Friday. He had told Bea that there was a huge advertising convention that he had to attend and that he did not need her to take him to the airport. On the inside, Bea breathed a sigh of relief. That would have been an anxiety-ridden ride for sure. She asked if there was anything that she could do for him to get ready but he told her that there was nothing. He had everything under control. Trying to get information on timing, Bea asked him what time was the flight because she could stay home that day and cook. He told her that he would be flying out around 3am and would catch something to eat along the way. Steve was being very evasive but that was perfectly fine with Bea.

Later on at work, Bea called Liam to tell him that late Friday morning would be good to get everything together as Steve would be catching his flight around 3am. Liam countered with a "just in case" and suggested that they start packing and moving in the afternoon. What if Steve missed the flight or it was delayed? Bea would leave the house in the morning as if to go to work but Liam would meet her at the storage facility to rent the unit. Then, they would get a post office box to switch the mail delivery, open a new bank account, and finish up with a visit to a divorce lawyer. Liam's friends would then spend the rest of the morning getting more boxes and renting a truck. If Steve should call her while they were packing and moving, they would have to stop all movement in the house and remain very quiet until the call is finished. Then, their activity would pick up again.

What remained would be how to tell Steve goodbye. She had two choices: let the lawyer do it or call him herself. Wanting to make everything a clean cut, she opted for her attorney reaching out to Steve once he is in California for the convention. Washington is a no-fault community property state. If uncontested, the divorce could be finalized in 90 days. Bea did not want the house or alimony, just her freedom. Whatever Bea wanted, Liam would support her to the fullest. With all of her education and training, Bea wondered how she got into this mess with Steve. In thinking back, it was her naiveté and young age coupled with a charming monster pursuing her. In some ways, she blamed her parents for keeping her so sheltered during her younger years. In other ways, she blamed herself for not seeing through the charade of this deeply disturbed man. As in her line of work, there would be the possibility of violence as far as Steve viewing this as rejection. Add in that she had everything figured out, he would know deep down that she had help. She hoped that Liam would never have to experience Steve's wrath. But she also knew that Liam could handle himself and that Steve would probably be the loser. The thought of Steve losing brought a big grin to her face.

Bea thought some more about her leaving and told Liam that maybe they could get some of the other things out of the way like renting the unit and getting boxes sooner. They could store them in the unit until they needed them on Friday. Liam smiled to himself. He agreed and said that he could meet her at lunchtime and they could rent the unit. After work, he could start picking up boxes for her. They finished their conversation and Bea put her cell phone down on her desk at work. Yes, Liam, she was getting some of her old strength back again.

Liam began looking for a storage facility around where he lived and found one that would be just a mile down the road. He rented it and then started looking for the boxes. Usually, the liquor store would have some boxes so he went to the nearest liquor store about 5 miles away. While in the store, he thought that he saw Steve. He remembered the pictures on Bea's wall but was not quite sure. He circled around to the next isle to get a better look and, yes, it was Steve. Steve apparently knew the store clerk and was talking to him about his upcoming trip to California. He told him that he was picking up some champagne for him and his girlfriend for a quiet evening before he had to go out of town. What an asshole. Liam had suspected that there was someone else, but to hear it come directly out of Steve's mouth was a completely different ball game. Liam wanted to follow him after work to see where his "girlfriend" lived but decided against it. In the meantime, he stood in line and waited for Steve to pay for his purchase and leave. After he left, Liam then asked the store clerk if he could get some empty boxes for moving. The clerk led him to the back of the store where they had just received a large shipment the day before and had plenty of boxes.

As Liam was breaking the boxes down to put in his car, he could not help but think about Steve and all that he had caused Bea. His anger began to rise and he had to take several deep breaths. He had to be one-step ahead of Steve and could not be if he was angry.

Liam finished with the boxes and left the store. He would have to find a way to gently tell Bea what he had just witnessed. She should know as it would only justify what she was about to do. Liam called Bea to let her know that he rented the unit and got some boxes. He then asked her to meet him for lunch and would pick her up around 12 noon and they could go over things more in detail.

At noon, Bea grabbed her purse and left to go downstairs to meet Liam. Punctual as usual, he was there in the front of the building. When he saw her come out, he got out of the car and opened the passenger side door for her. She was not used to these kind of gestures but she sure could get used to them very quickly. Liam told her that he picked a small Indian restaurant about four blocks down from her work location. Bea had never had Indian cuisine and was anxious to try it. Once there, Liam got out of the car to open Bea's car door but she had already gotten out. He just shook his head and smiled at her.

Liam must have been there before because the waiters all knew him. Looking around, she did not see anyone from work. It was good that they were seated more to the back of the restaurant for privacy. Bea told him that this would be her first time eating Indian food and asked what he recommended. When they got their menus, he told her what he had tried before and liked but it was strictly up to her. Their waiter brought them a small pot of tea and then took their orders. Liam silently smiled as he watched her. She was like a little kid with the different food. That is what made her so special to him. Nothing complicated, just real and innocent.

While waiting for their meal, Liam told her about the storage unit and then brought up the subject of the liquor store and the boxes. He told her about the "girlfriend" and was met with a blank stare. Bea looked down at her cup of tea, and began to stir a teaspoon of sugar in it. When she was done stirring, she looked up at Liam and told him that she was not surprised. She had suspected it throughout the years but kept quiet. In ignoring his infidelities, she was safe as his focus was not on her. She also told him that what Liam had heard was just another nail in the coffin for Steve and a divorce. Although Washington does not recognize a reason for a divorce, a reason is what she needed to give her the strength to go through with leaving him. After she was done, she could see the look of anguish in his eyes. She knew that he was feeling her pain, her isolation, her prolonged agony. He wanted to hold her so badly. Hold her tightly and never let go.

The waiter brought their food and as Bea was placing her napkin on her lap, she told Liam that what she felt the other night in the garage was real for her. Liam reached across the table to hold her hands. He told her that he had felt the same way and did not feel that it was a rebound. She gazed into his beautiful eyes and gently stroked his hands. She then looked up and smiled and told him that they had better eat before the food gets cold and she has to go back to work.

On the way back to her building from the restaurant, Bea turned to Liam and told him that it was not a rebound for her either. Liam smiled. When they arrived at the front of her building, they stared at one another, wanting to embrace but did not for fear of someone seeing them. Bea got out of the car and walked to the front of the building. She stopped at the doorway, turned around, and smiled at him before going into the building.

Liam watched her walk to the door. With her beautiful shoulder length chestnut brown hair, expressive green eyes, and her small body, Liam just thought how beautiful she was.

No, Bea. It was not a rebound. It is the way that falling in love should be. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Four: Duplicity

His ego was besides itself. He now had the world and he was its' king. He waited a long time for this power and he liked it. But what he did not understand about power was that responsibility comes along with it. When power is not earned, chaos ensues, commands become twisted, and loyalty ceases to exist.

For some, such turmoil takes a long, long time to grow and then a quick amount of time to collapse. For Steve, the madness is just beginning.

*****
Steve went home with the bottle of champagne hidden in the trunk of his car. He told Bea that because the flight was so early, the company was putting him up in a hotel right next to the airport tonight. Bea was making dinner and asked if he wanted to take anything along with him but he got angry. He told her that he said before that he did not want anything and if she kept up asking, he would remind her across the mouth. Bea just shook her head yes, turned around, and continued making dinner for herself. Steve marched over to her, grabbed her arm, and said that he wanted her to say that she understood. With the painful twisting of her arm by Steve, she told him that she understood and was sorry. He then shoved her arm, pushing her against the sink, and told her to hurry up with her dinner because the noise was bothering him and that he had a an upset stomach. Steve left the kitchen to go in the living room to watch TV while Bea silently cried to herself. A few more hours, just a few more she thought to herself. In less than nine hours she would be rid of this monster.

After dinner, Bea was cleaning up the dishes and Steve came up behind her and put his arms around her waist. He told her that he was sorry but that she did things to get him mad. Trying to keep her composure, she agreed with him. He then started to kiss her along the nape of neck and pull her in tight so she could feel his increasing bulge on her behind. Oh, God, no. She did not want to but she had no choice at the moment. Steve turned her around and pulled her in tightly into his arms. He then began to roughly kiss her, pulling her down on the floor, ripping her top open, and pulling down her pants. She felt total disgust but was unable to stop him. His penetration hurt her and she wanted to scream because it hurt so much, but she did not dare. He was so cold...so, so very cold. Just like he was to everyone. When he was done, he stood up and told her to hurry up and finish the dishes. He was tired and was going to take a quick nap. He did not want to hear any noises.

She got up quietly sobbing, finished the dishes, and felt the warm blood running down her legs. Bea had just been raped by her husband. It was not the first time over the last seventeen years, but it was definitely going to be the last. Once Steve had gone to bed and fallen asleep, Bea took a shower to wash away the filth once again. She then slipped quietly into the bed and waited for the sun to come up. Just a few hours more. Just a few hours more.

The alarm went off and Steve got up and stretched. He felt good as his day later in California would be productive and busy. He would have to let Tina know his hotel room number and make sure to have the champagne on ice before she got there. He took his shower, got dressed, and picked up his packed clothes for his trip. He gave the dogs a couple of biscuits and off he went in a cab to the hotel near the airport. Once she was sure that he was gone, Bea threw the covers off of her and jumped out of bed. She woke up Liam and asked him to get all of his friends ready to help with the move. Liam asked her if she was all right and she told him that she would explain later. She asked him to come over later in the morning and they could talk then.

After she hung up with Liam, Bea called and woke up her supervisor to explain her situation. She asked that no one give out any information whatsoever about her including work hours, out sick, etc. Her supervisor was very sympathetic and would support her any way that she could. She told her to take as much time as she needed.

After hanging up with her supervisor, Bea began packing a few personal items that she definitely wanted to take with her. Before she knew it, three hours had passed so she then got dressed and made herself a cup of coffee. Just as she sat down, the doorbell rang. It was Liam. Bea pulled Liam into the house, wrapped her arms around him, and began to sob uncontrollably. Taking her face into his hands, he looked into her eyes and asked what happened. Choking back more tears, Bea told him what had happened the night before in the kitchen. She told him that it was the last time that he would ever touch her again. Liam then pulled her into his arms and told her everything was going to be all right. On the inside, he was seething and wanted to kill Steve for what he had done. But he had to remain calm for Bea's sake.

After she had calmed down a bit, Liam called someone on his cell. It turned out to be a very close friend of his, Jake Barricci, who was a divorce lawyer. Jake told him to bring Bea over right away so Liam and Bea left the house and headed for Jake's office. Once there, Jake introduced himself and said that he would help Bea with whatever she needed pro bono as a favor to Liam. He asked her to tell him everything. As she told her story from the very beginning, Liam felt himself getting angrier and angrier. He felt as if he was going to explode when she got to the rape last night. He got up from his chair, went over to the window, and looked out over the city. Jake continued speaking with Bea and told her that he would draw up the paper work in the next couple of hours. This was a case that he felt was a priority and he was going to expedite it as quickly as possible. The next question that he had for Bea almost broke Liam's heart: did she want to go to the hospital where they could do a rape kit? Would she like to file a police report? Bea replied that she did not at this point and just wanted to serve him the paper work once he landed in California. Liam bit his lip while still looking out the window thinking about how much he wanted to kill Steve. He knew Jake well enough to know that Jake would have everything in place upon Steve's landing in the land of sunshine.

They concluded their meeting and Bea and Liam left to go get a bite for breakfast. On the way to the diner, Bea was quiet. Liam reached over, gently grabbed her hand, and told her that he was there now. Her torment was ended. She turned towards him, smiled, and then looked out the window again. That fucking bastard will get his. Liam would make sure of it.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Five: Pressure

Mementos when packing always create a problem as our memories are inextricably tied to their physical presence. What to keep, what to donate, and what to throw away are hard decisions to make. One way of looking at an item that we want to keep is do we really want the memory? Or are we downplaying the significance of our memory?

Either way, Bea had some difficult decisions to make.

*****
Liam and Bea drove to the storage unit and picked up the boxes. They then went to the local newspaper distribution center and picked up old discarded newspapers to wrap up their items. Finally, they were done with all of the rounds that they had planned to do. On the way home, Bea thanked Liam for being there and that she was determined to get through this despite Steve's actions. Liam understood and told her that she was not alone. They would get through this together.

Once back at the house, they started packing in the living room and then worked their way into the kitchen. Bea started working in the computer room when Liam's friends, Mick, Tom, and Trevor had arrived. Liam introduced them to Bea. Liam was right. They were the type of men that Steve would not like to encounter. With that thought, she started to relax and continued to dig in deeper with the packing and moving. For Bea, she wanted to be out by later this afternoon. The men had picked up the moving van and began to pack it with the filled boxes. While Bea was in the back packing the computer room and gathering her documents, the guys told Liam that she was truly a very nice and beautiful woman and he had better hang on to her. Not backing down from a challenge when it came to Bea, he smiled and assured them that he definitely would.

As Bea and Liam packed, the house started to look very empty. When they got to the bedroom, Bea hesitated with the closet and the duffle bag. Liam saw her dismay and gently put his hand on her shoulder. He told her to leave what is his and take what is hers. It is something that she needs to forget for right now as they had a lot more to do before it started getting dark.

The group continued for the next couple of hours and when they were done, drove to the unit and began to unload. Bea could not thank the men enough. She promised to cook them a big meal once she got settled to thank them for everything. Before they left, each one gave her a hug goodbye and told her to not hesitate to call them if she should need anything. And, as far as they were concerned, if Steve ever showed his face around again, they would be there in a heartbeat.

After they left, Liam suggested that they go back and do one more walk through before she completely left. When they got to the house, she realized that there would be no one to take care of Bandit and Max while Steve was gone. Liam told her to bring them along and to bring any of their toys, bowls, food, and beds. He had an area where they could be alone away from his dogs so they would not have a problem. Right before Steve got back, they could drop them back off at the house if that is what she decided to do. Bea thought that once she had left the house for good, she did not want to have to go back every day to take care of them. Besides, they would miss Steve and Bea and would probably feel better staying with someone they knew.

After they packed up Max and Bandit, Bea locked the house and set the alarm but not the cameras. She didn't want Steve to know anything, not who nor how. They then drove to Liam's house that was about 15 miles away. When they got there, Bea could not believe how beautiful his house and property were. It was a sprawling rancher on a couple of acres of land with a small barn and beautifully manicured lawn. Bea remarked how beautiful and peaceful it was and Liam told her that with working in the yard and projects in the house, it was a hobby for him. Besides his dogs, his home was his stress reliever.

Bea leashed up the dogs and Liam opened the front door for Bea to go through first. Ozzi and Tank came running over and greeted Bea. They immediately took to her, but were a little wary of Max and Bandit. Bea and Liam fed the dogs and took them out in the back yard where they played. Bea marveled at how calm the dogs were compared to when Steve was around.

It was starting to get dark and the stars began to appear in the clear evening sky. They brought the dogs back in and, after a little while, the dogs finally settled down and got in their beds. They seemed to be getting along really well and did not need to be separated. Unlike Steve's prompting bloody fights between Max and Bandit, they seemed to be peaceful, almost as if they knew that things were better without Steve.

It had been a long day and Liam showed Bea where her room was. If she was hungry, he could cook some steaks on the grill. Bea looked at him in disbelief as Steve never ever offered to cook for her. She smiled and told him medium rare. He smiled back and quickly started getting the dinner together. When he was done, they ate on the back patio under the beautiful night sky and stars. It was getting a little chilly so Liam put a throw on Bea to keep her warm. Yes, Bea was truly blessed with Liam. It was a beautiful end to the day that had been emotionally draining and uncertain for Bea.

They were very tired and as they headed into the living room towards their rooms, Bea pulled Liam towards her and kissed him good night. She told him that he was a blessing in her life and she felt so safe now. Knowing all that she had gone through over the last 24 hours, Liam could not, and would not, take their relationship to the next level. When she was ready, she would be ready and he respected that. They said good night and went to their separate bedrooms. Liam closed the door behind him and went into his bathroom to take a shower. He then went to bed and turned on the TV. Although he was close, he felt so far away from her. All of a sudden, he heard a slight knock at the door and Bea entered the room. She did not want to be alone and asked if she could lay down with him. 

So, Bea and Liam fell asleep together, just cuddling with each other throughout the night until they woke up the next morning. And what a glorious day it would be.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Six: Legalities

Anger is a very human emotion and can be brought on by a number of things from a person's past or present events. It could also be a physiological problem that cannot be helped. Whatever the reason, one can either go with the emotion and escalate it or they can suppress and redirect the intensity of their emotion.

Steve never learned that as a child and he was so used to it throughout his life, there was no way to calm the strength of his anger. The only way he knew was to hurt others as strongly as he felt hurt. In doing this, people would think twice before hurting him again.

*****
Steve got to the hotel and checked in. He had told Belinda that it was a redeye but he really wasn't leaving for his flight until 10am. That way, he would have plenty of satisfaction time with Tina before his dry spell in California. Like clockwork, there was Tina, waiting for him in the lobby. He looked at her with such lust and thought how sexy she looked. She wore tight jeans that accentuated her hips and a blouse that was unbuttoned just far enough to cause curiosity. He could hardly wait to get her in the room. He was getting exciting and quickly ushered Tina to the elevator. They barely got through the hotel room door when they dropped everything and ripped each other's clothes off.

When they awoke, their raw sexual escapades continued. Just as they were going to have another round before he had to leave for his flight, there was a knock at his hotel room door. Steve quickly put on his robe and went to open the door. When he opened it, there was a short man with glasses before him asking if he was Steve Las - but Steve cut him off in mid-sentence. Yeah, yeah, make it snappy. After Steve's snarky retort, the little man shoved a piece of paper into his chest and then ran off. When Steve looked at the paper, it was from Belinda's lawyer - he was being served divorce papers! When the hell did she get a lawyer? Jake had found the hotel where Steve was going to stay and decided to serve them right before he left on his trip instead of in California.

That fucking bitch! Tina came over to see what the papers were and Steve told her that Belinda just had served him with divorce papers. Tina could see that his mood was very dark and tried to calm him down by getting down on her knees. She looked up at him and told him that he had her and that was all that he needed. She was doing things on her knees that he didn't know possible and he soon began to calm down and really enjoy the moment. He picked her up and carried her to the bed. They continued their carnality until Steve had to get ready to leave. Tina was glad, very glad. Because now, Steve was all hers and she was going to make him forget all about Belinda. She knew exactly how to work it and work it right...yes, most definitely indeed.

The next day, Jake called Bea to tell her that he found out where Steve's hotel was and served him with the divorce papers. His flight wasn't a redeye but rather leaving at 11am. He had his clerk serve them and had him keep an eye on Steve to make sure he got on the plane for California. He assured her that Steve was on his flight out. Bea asked what his reaction was. Arrogant and then shocked but that was typical in divorce cases. It was the aftermath that had to be watched because this now was the most volatile time when violence could happen. Bea thanked him and hung up. Liam asked what happened and she told him. No worries, she was surrounded by plenty of protection. She smiled and told him that she was going to make them breakfast and that they could eat out on the deck. Not turning down a home cooked meal, Liam began setting the table on the deck. So there, they ate their breakfast, together, on the back deck, with the dogs playing in the yard. For the two of them, this was the peace and tranquility that they both wanted. The tranquility and peace that each had been searching for in their lives over the course of many years.

They could get used to this each day, every day, being together for the rest of their lives.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Seven: Whispers

Sometimes our inner voice can be our best friend or worst enemy. It can give us a warning when things aren't right or if something is ok. Most times, people choose to ignore that inner voice. But it is those that rely on that little voice that whispers in our ears what we should do, how we should feel, and what we should think that guides us aimlessly, tiredly.

The whispers that touch us on a different plain cannot always be trusted. But for Tyler, the whispers are real and the chatter never stops. He answers them back, but they do not listen nor do they care.
*****
Tyler started to hear them over the past couple of months. The whispering, laughing, and criticisms. He would answer them but they did not stop. Then he would shout at them and they would laugh. He did not like them making fun of him. How dare they? They had no right. He just wanted them to leave him alone. They only left him alone when he drank and it was during those peaceful times, he finally could rest, think, and relax.

It was on Sunday that he decided to go and visit the baby's grave. He had not been back since the funeral. Too tough to handle. But he felt it was time and he needed to speak to his son. So, Tyler grabbed a bottle of Scotch, drove out to the cemetery, and parked next to the gravesite. He stared at the headstone and winced at the etched lamb above his son's name. As he continued to stare, he would take a swig of the Scotch, stare, and say nothing.

About half way through the bottle of liquor, Tyler heard a cry, a baby's cry. It had to be his son! He knew that they would bury his baby alive, he just knew it! He got out of the car and as he heard the cries of the baby, Tyler began to dig at the grave. He must save his son. He must save his son. The whispers told him that he must hurry. He continued to drink and dig, drink and dig and finally hit the top of the casket. A grounds keeper at the cemetery saw Tyler and called the police. Within minutes, the police arrived and pulled a yelling and screaming Tyler out of the grave. He shouted at them that his son was alive and was in the casket! He screamed at them but they pulled him away. The whispers shouted in Tyler's ears to fight for his baby's life so he began to swing at the officers and was ultimately arrested.

On his way to jail in the back of the police car, Tyler continued to shout and kick his feet at the back of the seat of the officers' seats. The one officer radioed ahead for paramedics as he had a drunk and mentally disturbed man that he was bringing in to book at the precinct. Upon his arrival at the jail, Tyler was subsequently finger printed and booked on attempted grave robbery, resisting arrest, and assaulting a police office. Other charges would be pending after Tyler's mental health screening.

Tyler was taken to the nearest hospital for observation and evaluation. He was so out of control, he had to be restrained in his bed and given some mild medication to calm him down. As he had been drinking, the ER doctors wanted to start slowly with any meds until the staff psychiatrist could assess Tyler's condition. Even while restrained and under medication, Tyler screamed at his whispers but they would not shut up. Finally, he fell asleep.

The next morning, Tyler was visited by Dr. Grounding, the staff psychiatrist. The doctor had a calm way about him without being condescending or contrite. Dr. Grounding asked Tyler to tell him what happened. With an intense headache, he managed to tell him about his whispers and hearing his son crying in his coffin. After spending a good amount of time with Tyler, the doctor diagnosed Tyler with a psychotic breakdown, possibly an acute schizophrenic nervous breakdown where he had auditory hallucination exacerbated by the alcohol consumption. Tyler just stared at him as the whispers began again telling him that the doctor was dangerous. Dr. Grounding was going to admit him to the psychiatric ward temporarily until he could get Tyler on the right medication. Until then, he was going to prescribe something that would help with the "whispers."

As the doctor turned to leave the room, Tyler told him that he was hearing the whispers now. When the doctor asked him what they were saying, Tyler said that they were telling him to save the baby and to kill anyone who gets in the way. Dr. Grounding knew from experience that this type of event is brought on by significant events and more than likely would involve a genetic component. The doctor told him in layman's terms that the whispers were a matter of his brain misfiring in a different pattern than most people and that it was a condition that could be helped. Tyler would have to follow the doctor's instructions even when he is feeling better because this will be something that he must deal with for the rest of life.

Dr. Grounding notified the authorities of Tyler's diagnosis and hospital admission. He also called Tyler's cousin so she could get his family members together to go over treatment plans and handle any legal issues involved with his arrest. At least Tyler would have time to get well before he had to face the music with the judicial system. 

Tyler wanted so much to believe the doctor. He would try anything to get the whispers to stop. He was not sleeping or eating and he needed help. On a conscious level, he knew that his son was not alive in the casket, but the whispers made it seem so real, so urgent.

Karma never quits. Looks like it's not done with Tyler anytime soon.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Eight: Roll

Rejection does not come easy for anyone. Some handle it well while others do not.  The pain of not belonging to a social group or a significant other can be unbearable as humans are hard wired to belong. But for most, the body experiences a physical pain along with the psychological pain. Our natural selection code governs the physical reaction to the point of the deepest depths of our being and the very core of our soul.

For others, there is no pain, only anger. For Steve, his anger drives his very being to the point of experiencing pleasure at others' pain. He knows only pleasure and how to achieve it.

*****
Steve's trip to California went extremely well and he made some very strong and powerful connections. He knew that if it were not for him, Mark would not be able to bring in such high profile clients to the agency. In Steve's mind, he was still the top dog in the agency and Mark should be pretty damn glad to have him. In addition, Steve provided Mark with all of the "comforts" that he desired. Getting the profiles on the women and then blackmailing them into Mark's kinky little world was genius. Steve knew Mark's secrets but Mark did not know Steve's. Lucky for him because Steve knew that Mark could never handle Steve's secrets.

While flying back from California, Steve went over his notes from his meetings, but each time, his mind would drift back to Belinda and Tina. Belinda really pissed him off. Now, he has to get a lawyer and they would battle over finances, the house, and anything else she probably could think of to screw him. Bitch. He then thought about how lucky he was to have Tina. She was perfect in every way for him. Maybe he did not need Belinda anymore. She was always worthless and weak. The night before he left, he had made love to her on the kitchen floor and she just laid there like a dead fish. He still could not figure out why he married her in the first place. When he compared Belinda to Tina, there was no comparison. Tina completed him where Belinda depleted him. Maybe this was a good thing after all.

Just as Steve got back to his notes, his cell rang and it was Kevin. Kevin told him that Tyler's family had reached out to him to let him know that Tyler was still reeling from the death of his son and the doctor would be putting him out over the next couple of months. Steve felt bad for Tyler but this is now starting to affect business. Steve asked Kevin to double check with the Local and National Sales Managers to make sure that they are covering Tyler's accounts while he was out. Kevin assured him that he would take care of it and get back to him.

Since the big celebration was next week, Steve also had to contend with the finalization of those plans as well. He knew that he could depend upon Yvette to get the work done and would have to follow up with her when he got back in the office. Ah, Yvette. Just the thought of her caused him major excitement but he had to be careful on the plane with others around.

Steve's plane landed at the Sea-Tac Airport in Seattle and, once at the airport entrance, he caught a cab home. All the way home, Steve kept wondering what he would find when he got there. The more he thought about it, the angrier he got. Then, he remembered the duffle bag. Oh, shit! She had better have left it there! She had better not have opened it or he will beat her to a pulp when he found her.

Steve finally arrived at the house and cautiously opened the front door. The first thing that he noticed was that the dogs were not there. Damn it. He then went back into the bedroom and looked in the closet. Belinda had taken only her things and left everything else...and the duffle bag. Thank God she had the common sense.  As he set his bags down on the floor and turned around to get undressed, he noticed a piece of paper on the bed. It was a note from Belinda that told him not to contact her directly but rather through her attorney, Jake. The note had all of  Jake's contact information. Steve threw the paper back on the bed. Bitch.

After he got undressed, he took a long hot shower and just let the hot water run down his body for 20 minutes. It was a long couple of days considering he made business contacts, banged his girlfriend all night, his dogs were gone, and he was served divorce papers. Yeah, it was a tough couple of days all right. He would have to contact an attorney first thing in the morning but for now, he was just going to relax. He called Tina and told her to come over. What the hell? He did not have to hide it anymore.

Steve turned on the TV and fell asleep on the sofa. In his dream, he saw Belinda standing far away from him in a long flowing white gown. She then turned and disappeared into the mist leaving him alone in a quiet foggy meadow. All of a sudden, he heard a crash like glass breaking and he woke up to find a rock had been thrown through the living room window. Steve immediately got up, turned on the outside floodlights, and dialed 911. When the police got there, they looked around the outside of the house and did not see anything. They filled out a report detailing the event and asked about his camera system. Damn! Bea didn't turn it on before she left! Fucking bitch! The police did think that it was odd to have a couple of incidents happen within a month at the same house. Steve thanked the police and after they left, he began to board up the broken window. Great. Now another thing on the to do list right now. He would worry about all of this crap in the morning.

Steve was putting up the plywood across the window when Tina arrived. He told her what had happened and asked that she to go in the house and relax. Once inside, Steve told her about the other incident that had happened last month with the prowler but told her not to worry. Somehow, she knew that she did not have to worry and she pulled him in closer to her to kiss him. They headed back to the bedroom and continued their intense session until they fell asleep.

In the morning, Tina woke up first and went into the kitchen to make some breakfast. All the while, she could not help but smile. Steve was totally hers now. In her mind, her little scare tactics worked. She knew that Belinda was not there but she had to make it look good with the rock through the window. She could get used to being with Steve 24/7 but she would have to talk him into getting a different house. This one was old and reeked of Belinda all throughout. Belinda had better stay away from Steve or she would have to turn things up a notch.
Yes, Belinda was through...Tina would make damn sure.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Twenty-Nine: Show Time

So many times, we focus on the shortcomings of people and do not see their strengths. The reverse is true once someone dies. Most of us begin to remember only the good things as the bad memories begin to fade during our grief process. People say that a divorce is a lot like a death and for those going through it, it probably is.

For Steve, he really did not care because he had Tina. For Bea, she had found Liam. But be very, very careful for what you wish. Wishes can become nightmares.

*****
One of the first things that Steve did on his 2nd day back from the California conference was to call his lawyer, Lonan Carter. Steve and Lonan knew each other from their high school days and kept in touch over the years. Lonan expressed his sorrow at the separation but would begin reaching out to Bea's lawyer to get the ball rolling. Crossing that off his to-do list, Steve then turned his attention to the big celebration next week.

After catching up on his mail and emails, Steve decided to take a break and go down to Yvette's office. He discovered that she was out of the office working with the planner on finalizing all of the details for the party next week. Ah, his Yvette. He could hardly wait.

On his way back up to his office, Steve called Tina and reminded her that the party was next week and to find something fancy to wear as it will be a black tie affair. Tina was absolutely elated and would love to go. It would be her time to show that Steve was hers. For everyone else, Tina could have Steve as they could care less. They cared more about Bea and how she was surviving through all of this with Steve. Everybody hated Steve and relished the thought that he had failed at his marriage.

Yvette met with Lorenzo and finalized all of the details, including her musical piece and any last minute changes. Lorenzo was thrilled with Yvette and how she was handling all of the particulars just like a seasoned pro. He even offered her a job with the party planning company if she should ever want to leave the agency. While she was flattered, Yvette the ad executive could not leave her current job, but the real Yvette was just about to make a major breakthrough. Besides, she was extremely curious as to what happened between Steve and Belinda and what may happen down the road. In her follow up call with Kevin about the party, she had learned of their impending divorce. For one thing, he had better leave Yvette alone or she would belt him one for sure. He was a pure cochon extraordinaire and he was about to get what was coming to him. Men like Steve always, always do. Not the first one and most certainly not the last.

After her meeting with Lorenzo, Yvette turned her attention to what she would be wearing that night. It had to fit in with the occasion as well as be practical in keeping her credentials in a safe place. With the company expecting such a large crowd, she did not want to take any chances in loosing anything.

As she drove to the boutique in town, all that she could think of was how she could maneuver the evening. Steve was not "single." She wanted no part of his sleazy self and had to make sure to avoid him as much as possible. Even if he was single, there was not a chance in hell that she would ever hook up with him. He was just another target.

She finally arrived at the boutique located on the upper west side of the city and valet parked. When she entered the store, it was filled with the most exquisite clothing, shoes, bags, jewelry, and gloves that she had ever seen. Knowing that it would blow her assigned budget, she could not help herself. The third dress that she tried on was a gorgeous designer trumpet evening gown in black and white that was off-the-shoulder and sequin-embellished. It was perfect. The attendant then helped her find matching designer shoes, evening bag, and crystal drop earrings. Oh well. She blew the budget. They will just have to get over it.

Yvette loved her selections and knew that she would have to get her hair done. After thinking about it, she decided to get finger waves in the front with the rest of her long hair pulled back in a chignon and maybe a few crystals in the bun. Yes, she would be the perfect employee and guest. She just prayed that Steve would not come near her. Little did Yvette know what would be in store for her that celebration night.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty: Preparation

Karma has a funny way of circling around back to you, especially if it is someone you know of but have never met. A chance meeting in a liquor store or a chance meeting at a social gathering can give the people involved a distinct feeling of déjà vu or even a sense of foreboding. One can choose to listen to that psychic sensation or choose not to listen at all.

Tina and Yvette will have that experience...one that will change each other's lives forever.

*****
So proud to have finally made her selections, Yvette was leaving the store when she accidently bumped into a woman coming into the store. She dropped one of her bags and the woman coming in picked it up for her and handed it to Yvette. Yvette thanked the woman but got a strange vibe during this encounter. She shrugged it off and left the store to go home for the night.

After giving Yvette her bag, Tina entered the store and spoke to the attendant about what she was looking for to wear to the black tie affair coming up in a few days. Tina chose a spaghetti-strap black macramé lace gown with a flesh-colored silk underlay. She was a tall and slender woman with strawberry-blonde hair and the color contrast looked amazing on her. As she looked at herself in the mirror, she kept thinking about how sexy the dress was and how Steve would not be able to control himself. She knew that the special surprise he had in store for her would be absolutely perfect - for the both of them. Her decision was made. She finished choosing the coordinating accessories and left the store on an emotional high. She was floating so high with everything going her way as of late. She was on top of the world.

On her way home, Tina could not believe how far she had come by moving out to Washington. The landscape was beautiful, most of the people were lame, but she now had so much more than she did back East. She had not only gotten her mother's small little fortune all to herself, but she had managed to escape from a deep and tangled legal mess scot-free.

As a nurse back East, Tina had also worked in a doctor's office. The office seemed to have a decent amount of patients but then seemed to explode. All of a sudden, the patients coming in for non-emergency visits seemed to triple. One day, she had mentioned it to the doctor who then seemed to take her into his confidence. You see, the good old doctor was not making as much money as he wanted to under the current medical insurance with his patients. He had begun about six months earlier with over-charging Medicare. While that seemed to be bringing him in more money, he was approached by a pharmaceutical rep to quadruple his earnings through fraudulent prescriptions filled by area pharmacies. He would fill out bogus prescriptions and have his bogus shill patients fill them with a pharmacy, which was also in the scheme. The good old doc would then get thousands in kickbacks after his front man paid the patients a "finder's fee" for turning in the pills from the filled prescriptions at the medical facility. The cycle would then repeat itself over and over again.

In his little scheme, he figured that he made millions and offered the opportunity to Tina to recruit patients. Always one to never turn down an opportunity to make money - whether legal or not - Tina then recruited her husband. She felt that in pulling her husband into the little scheme she was removed from the front-line of possibly being caught. Right around the time when her husband died, one of the bogus patients got caught on a drug charge and began to talk to the prosecutors and Feds wanting to make a deal.

Constantly keeping her involvement at bay, Tina would always pull every single document tying her husband to the scheme. Over the next several years involving the scam, she had managed to successfully launder her husband's payments - all in his name - through offshore banks, gift cards, and deposits at the casinos. She had covered her tracks very well and by moving out West, taking back her maiden name, and using a different social security number, she made it even more difficult to trace her moves. She was sitting-pretty thanks to some very stupid men in her life.  Just a couple more days until the black tie affair. She was ready to accept her good fortune as much as fate would allow.

Because she had removed herself totally off the grid, Tina did not know that the old doctor had been arrested. His wife had mysteriously died of a drug overdose ten years prior and the police had always suspected him. Over time, it was revealed that the doctor was not only a potential murder suspect but was also being investigated for the prescription scam and Medicare scheme. While awaiting trial, he had committed suicide in his jail cell. The investigation turned to the other co-conspirators in the medical fraud. His wife's murder went unsolved but the fraud investigation continued until all of the co-conspirators were tried or made deals.

Karma sometimes has a way of skipping a step.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-One: La Force

Strength is not necessarily based upon a physical quality. Bullies find strength in brute force and continue to build steam that grows in intensity on every level. The physical is tangible, raw, and unrefined. It is by no means the only way to prove the strength of one's acumen. For before a bully had become an intimidator, there was a blank slate upon which was written the examples taught by an oppressor, a tormenter of others.

The bully does not understand the tormented for they know no other way except what has been written for them. Their force upon others has a ripple effect for their victims, a high price that is continually extracted with no end in sight.

*****
Steve and Tina spent a quiet evening at his house. After Tina had made dinner, the two of them were so exhausted that they went right to bed and fell asleep. Although they were both in a very deep sleep, they were still wrapped around each other for most of the night.

Steve went to sleep faster than Tina but awoke in a dream where he was in a strange place with a heavy misty fog that mainly hung close to the ground. The smell of the earthy forest dirt and the scent of the pine trees filled his nostrils. He looked in front of himself and there was nothing, just the darkness of the night in the woods. But then, he heard a rustle behind him and he quickly turned around. Coming towards him was a slender woman that looked similar to Tina. She quickly darted off to her right, out of breath as if she were running away from someone or something. Not far behind her was a man dressed all in black with black gloves on his hands and a black hoody concealing his face under its' shadow. He appeared to be gaining speed on her as they disappeared into the misty forest.

Steve felt frozen where he stood. He could not move or yell. He was helpless in stopping the man chasing the woman. All of a sudden, he heard the woman let out a blood-curdling scream and then total silence. Crows unexpectedly flew up into the mist from the piles of leaves on the forest floor leaving Steve's heart to skip a couple of beats. Then, silence again. His body then just moved forward as if an unknown force was moving his body.

His body stopped just short of the edge of the forest. No noise at all until he heard whistling. He peered into the darkness, not wanting to see but had no will power to turn away. It was then that he saw the man. The man was going back and forth between whistling a happy tune and an evil cackle while he was bending over the ground. He was on his knees and appeared to be cutting something up. As he looked closer, Steve's breath quickened and his heart raced. The man had killed the woman and was now happily cutting up the body. Steve struggled to move away and the harder he tried, the more his heart raced and his feet felt like lead. He had to get away before he was seen. And then, the man turned around and looked directly at Steve. Only his cold dark eyes and smile could be seen through the veil of his hoody. The man beckoned to Steve to come over to where he was but Steve had to get away.

Steve shot up out of bed drenched in sweat. Tina had rolled over and did not notice his panicked state. He had to get up and get a drink. He went into the living room and poured himself a double Scotch. He then went over to the couch, turned on the TV, and fell asleep until Tina woke him up the next morning. She asked him if he was ok and he told her that he just had a bad dream. Tina made them breakfast and then snuggled up close to him as he still appeared shaken by his nightmare. Steve grabbed Tina tightly in his arms as if he would never let go. Tina held on to him just as tightly sensing that he was still troubled by his nightmare. Steve kept thinking about how real and frightening his dream was.

As they continued to cuddle, Steve kept wondering why he would even dream of something like that and why it would involve Tina. Over the past six months, he had had some dreams of running aimlessly with his heart pounding. He would always wake up drenched in sweat with the dreams still fresh in his mind.

He thought that maybe he was working too hard and that maybe he needed a break. He would definitely plan some time away for himself and Tina once the major party was done. He deserved the break.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Two: Repeat

Self-control can be a deeply personal choice...or is it? What we learn growing up from our caretakers can make all the difference in the world. Of course, provided our physical makeup is not a warped process of understanding events that dictates perverse reactions. When self-control becomes uncontrollable, one may turn to observing and mimicking other's behaviors. Adding in charm to their observables, one who lacks control can appear to be quite in control to those around them.

So therein lies the question of what is the true nature of a person and can we truly trust our own belief of another's quality of character.

*****
The party celebration was less than a week away and Steve was being an even bigger asshole than he already was. Kevin was getting fed up with his behavior and demands. Kevin was not just pissed off about how Steve was treating him but also how he just seemed to discard Tyler. In a way, he could understand Tyler because he was just a stupid pain in the ass. But, how Steve was treating Kevin, now that was just a whole different story.

Just because dick head Steve was going through a divorce and wanted to be the magnificent shining light, putting on this party didn't justify his conduct - especially with those that were his closest support. According to Steve, Belinda was not asking for spousal support, the house, or anything else other than what she took and the two dogs. So, what the hell was Steve's problem? He said that he had not been sleeping well these days but that was not Kevin's problem. Steve was a dick and Kevin knew that Mr. Dick's day would be coming.

Steve had asked Kevin to work with Yvette in getting the last minute preps set up. He made it very clear to him that there had better not be any mistakes or there would be consequences. Right. Steve telling Kevin about consequences. Every time Kevin dealt with Steve over the past couple of months, his anger and resentment were becoming more intense. It took every ounce of energy for Kevin not to grab Steve from behind and break his neck. During the war, it was Kevin's specialty. He found the cracking whoosh noise fascinating because it always was right before the body went limp. He actually kind of liked killing. He felt no attachment, no remorse or guilt as he watched life expire. Death did not scare or repulse him. In fact, sometimes, the act itself invigorated him and gave him a sense of feeling something...anything.

Kevin touched base with Yvette and there were only a couple of little things left to do. They sorted out what needed to be done and set off to finish those last minute details. Kevin needed to drop off the 2nd deposit check for the function and then would have to double check with the local police as to security and patrols before and during the function. He hated the police but he did what he had been told to do.

After his errands were done, he stopped for lunch and called Tyler at the hospital to see how he was doing. Tyler seemed to be ok but he really was not back to his old self. Tyler thanked Kevin for calling and told him that he would be out soon and that they would get together. After he ended his call with him, Kevin could not help but think that it was going to be a very long time until that get together. Tyler obviously had a long way to go and Kevin did not want to get into that area of crazy. Kevin knew that he would be by himself at work now. No one would be there now who understood him like Tyler did. Stupid and dumb ass as he was, Tyler was still better than nothing. But, Kevin thought that maybe it was better if he was alone. He could make his own decisions where only he knew the secrets. Yes, maybe it was much better this way.

It was soon the end of the day and Kevin was ready to go home to Natalie and the baby. They were the only two things in his life that really mattered to him. They were the only things that ever prompted emotion inside of Kevin. His attachment to them was the closest thing to love that he could understand. When it came to other people, he could care less. He would die for Natalie and the baby unlike Tyler and Steve's carefree attitude with relationships. His little family was the one constant in his life that made things seem normal in a world of cold lifelessness and worthless human interaction. That is why he could kill so easily during the war. People had no meaning to him. They had about as much value as a table and chair. No ties, no connections, no attachments. 

Now, Kevin was back in the real world where killing was not acceptable. He was having a very hard time accepting that because he had a taste of what it felt like. The power, the excitement. It was almost as if the military training that he had was tailor-made for him. It brought out his inner beast that had laid dormant all those years. Back now in civilian life, he was always struggling on how to control those urges.

So far so good. For now.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Three: Run But Can't Hide

The Light always exposes the Darkness. The Darkness scatters and tries to hide its' malevolent essence and slithers away into any dark corner it can find. Sometimes the Light cannot reveal those temporary dwellings but rather will wait - patiently - until the Darkness tries to come out again.

But the shadows can cover the Darkness for a long while, waiting for the Darkness to roam free in its' natural expanse. Within the Darkness lies the true nature of one's intent. Discovering it in the Light can be all consuming.

*****
The flight touched down at the Spokane International Airport right on time. Jackson pulled his carry on from the over head and filed off of the plane with the other passengers. Once outside of the airport, Jackson hailed a cab to go to get to the car rental place to pick up his car. There was a slight drizzle in the air which made the dampness feel even colder in the December weather.

Once at the hotel, Jackson phoned his brother in Massachusetts to tell him that he had arrived safely from Connecticut. He assured Louis that he had everything in order and would be getting an early start first thing tomorrow morning. He was tired and needed all his strength over the next couple of days. Jet lag could be a bitch but he had a definite mission in mind and nothing was going to deter him. He would call Louis as soon as he found her.

He got undressed and took a long hot shower all the while thinking about what his mission would entail. First, he would find her and confront her. Depending upon her answers, he may have to make a visit to the police station or he may not. It would be her choice. His sister could be a real jerk, but he was not going to falter. He was going to get the answers one way or another. He had worked as an Echo in the Army gathering intelligence ever since Desert Storm and was top in his field with surveillance, interrogation, and aerial observations. Because of his expertise, he had traveled the world for the Army, extracting information from enemy combatants with or without their cooperation.

He got out of the shower, wrapped a towel around his waist, and walked over to the desk where 
he had laid out a pile of folders and papers. He decided that it could wait until the morning when he had some rest and could tackle the pile with a clear mind. But he had a hard time clearing his mind as he kept going back to the time when they were children. His relationship with his little sister had always been a contentious one. He was the older brother, Louis was the middle child, and his sister was the baby. As the baby and only girl, she was spoiled and never denied anything. Their father absolutely doted on her and she could do no wrong. Their mother, on the other hand, was the disciplinarian but would always falter when it came to his baby sister.

Jackson and Louis were devastated when they had learned that their mother had died. His sister never even told them that mom had been sick. Living far away from their mother, they would always call her but there was never any indication that there was anything wrong. In the couple of months after their mother had died, their sister had always answered the phone and would say that mom was sleeping, out shopping, or at the doctors. Baby Sis had the medical power of attorney so they really didn't think anything of the now realized excuses.

When they got checks in the mail a couple of months after their mother had died, they realized that the monies had been issued from an estate account. They then tried to reach out to their sister but her number had been changed and she had moved away. It was during an information search online that Jackson had found out that not only did their mother die, but that their sister's husband had died also. Putting together a timeline, Jackson and Louis figured out that their mother was already dead during those couple of months when they called and were given excuses why she didn't come to the phone.

Jackson was tied up on assignment oversees and was unable to track and trace so the two brothers decided to hire a private investigator who finally tracked their sister in Washington. Jackson took a leave of absence from his job in the military to go out to Washington and face his damn sister. She had gotten away with everything all her life but was not going to get away with the circumstances in their mother's death. His sister took advantage of their mother and brothers while he was gone and he was going to get answers and accountibility for her actions.

Jackson climbed into bed and turned on the TV. He had to try to calm down because he had a very busy week ahead of him. He had to have a clear head and detach emotionally if he was going to deal with her. It was going to be difficult using the techniques of his trade, but he had to remain detached if he was ever going to find out exactly what had happened. He owed his parents at least that much. Their baby sister was no longer a baby. It was time that she be treated like the piece of shit grown up that she was and face the music.

Yes, her time was finally at hand.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Four: Traces
 
Family dynamics can be very complicated sometimes. At some point, there is a love / hate relationship that can be temporary or can become standard. The family unit establishes the rights and wrongs of the basic norms required to exist within the group and society itself.  When those norms are warped, most will follow but know deep down inside that those norms are corrupted.

Such corruption can eat at one's very soul for the struggle to do what is right will always be in conflict with what is wrong.

*****
Beep....then another beep....then another....then another as Greg sat next to Harper's bedside. The beeping of the heart monitor and the antiseptic smell of the hospital was minor to him compared to the drama at hand. With one hand, he took her hand while he stroked her beautiful blonde hair with his other hand. She was sleeping confortably now and the doctors said that she would be alright. They said that they had pumped out her stomach and found approximately 15 sleeping pills. They also said that if Greg had not found her, she would not have survived.

As he stroked her hair, Greg thought back to happier times for them both. Harper was a recovering alcoholic and had come to the gym to develop a work out that would help with her stress. She didn't want to drink ever again but she knew how delicate a balance alcoholism is. She could falter at any point but wanted to have her support system in place, eat well, and get proper exercise.

It was on her first day at the gym that she wanted to sign up with a personal trainer. The person at the desk signed her up with Greg and asked her to take a seat while she located him for her. So, there was Harper, with no makeup, wearing her workout gear ready for her training.

When Greg entered the room to come over to her chair and introduce himself, he tripped and landed on the foor. Hearing the loud thud and a couple of expletives, Harper got up, turned around, and helped him up. Once he was standing, she smiled and asked if he was alright. After he stuttered that he was, she reached out to shake his hand. Her skin was soft and her hand was delicate. She was only 5'2" with beautiful naturally blonde hair and the most mesmirizing eyes he had ever seen. It took everything that he could muster not to flub his conversation with her.

As she progressed in her work out sessions, so did her interest in Greg. She thought that he was so attractive with his 6'4" muscular frame, dark hair and eyes, and his gorgeous smile. He was so sweet and funny that he just had a way to draw people into his world. For her, it was love at first sight but little did she know yet that it was the same for him as well. He always kicked himself for tripping in front of her. He felt so embarrassed but so infatuated at the same time. No other client had ever had that effect on him.

They began to date over the next six months and eventually moved in together. Greg had popped the "will you marry me" question after 3 months of living together and she was absolutely elated. They married exactly one year from the day that they had met. They had found a true soul mate in each other, even finishing each other's sentences and laughing at each other's jokes.

Greg fell in love with the beautiful peson that she was and is. She had confessed to him about the sexual abuse by her father and had been getting treatment for her emotional pain. She had started to drink in college, always trying to self-medicate her abuse. She had kept it a secret from her mother and everyone else as her father had threatened to kill the family if she ever told anyone. It wasn't until her last year of school that her mother found out about her drinking and got her help. Bea never knew about the sexual abuse. She could never bring herself to expose her raw emotions like that. She felt that when she met Greg, she was becoming complete, a feeling that was new and exciting for her.

They lived in a small town where everyone knew everybody else. Now, hearing the news about the impending divorce between her parents had pushed her off of the edge somehow. The emotional PTSD was too much for her to handle as horrific memories began to flood into her thoughts over and over and over again.

Greg was not happy. He had no words for his depraved father-in-law, only forboding anger. If he ever saw him, there would be no way that he could control himself. He would definitely kill him. When they got married, they had eloped so he had never met Steve. Harper had enough drama in her life without her depraved father ruining her special day. It was a beautiful ceremony in a small chapel in Las Vegas. Afterwards, they honeymooned by camping at Boulder Beach campground along Lake Mead in Nevada. With a beautiful view of the red mountains and glorious sunrises and sunsets, their beginning as husband and wife was so tranquil. They never wanted to leave the natural beauty before them but they had to go back to their home in Washington. They would return again over the course of several years, drinking in the peace and serenity that only nature could offer for healing.

Now, Greg continued to hold her hand and began to cry as the beautiful memories of their times together inundated his head and heart. He promised her that he would never leave her and would always be with her until the day he died. But the sorrow of his feeling like he failed her was overwhelming him. As he began to rock back and forth, he prayed outloud to God that he did not lose her. Just at that moment, he felt her squeeze his hand and her beautiful eyes opened. When she saw Greg next to her, she smiled but then she slowly came to the realization of her circumstance and her smile disappeared just as quickly. She turned away from him, embarrassed by what she had done. Greg spoke gently to her telling her that everything would be alright and he was there with her. She looked at him with tears in her eyes as he leaned in and kissed her. He told her that he made a promise to her a long time ago to always be by her side and protect her. 

Somehow, Harper knew that she - they - would get through this together. She felt ashamed that she faltered and almost died. There were days that she wished that she had died but those days were long gone. She was an adult now with a loving and supportive husband. She was now safe. Safe from Steve's twisted life. She was glad that her mother was going to be safe too.

Maybe together, she and her mother could come to terms with what Steve had done, begin to heal stronger, and move into a better place emotionally. With both Greg and her mother, she could finally find solid ground.

Greg was seething on the inside. Somebody needed to take care of Steve so he would never do the things to other women that he did to Harper. It was only a matter of time before Steve got what was coming to him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Five: Mapped

The human memory can be long or short depending upon the intensity of the experience being recorded. Many times, we can remember the trauma and other times, we do not remember clearly or bury everything deep down inside. Human experiences are funny that way. They direct us whether we want to admit it or not. Sometimes, our reactions are based on what we know and sometimes what we do not know.

It is a handful that consciously react knowing full well the desired result. For the occasional few, it becomes a game of the fitest, a game of chess if you will. For those few, there is no concern or trepidation of the distressing ripple effects caused, only disquiet if they become trapped.

*****
It was an unusually sunny but cold day in Washington. The sun beamed upon the mountains and the cities. It was going to be an absolutely gorgeous day, a day for traveling around and seeing the sights along the way. Jackson was looking forward to the day. At least he didn't have to do tracking in miserable weather. He went out on his morning jog, returned, and took a shower. He had all of the his maps, investigator photos, addresses, and paper work all in order. He put all of his things into his backpack and left the hotel room to begin his journey at finding his sister.

He left the hotel and got into his rental car where he programed the GPS for her apartment location. Amazingly, it was only about 5 miles from his hotel and should be easy to find according to the driving instructions. He had only 2 more traffic lights to go before he turned into the apartment complex. The notes taken by the investigator showed her apartment was an end unit, close to the wooded area to the South of the complex. As he made his turn at the 2nd light, he saw her going up the stairs to her apartment. He slowly drove around the lot to the opposite side where he would have a good view of her place.

He parked the car, turned off the engine, and just sat and stared at her apartment. What would he say? How will she react? Putting aside the trepidation he was feeling, Jackson regained his composure and began to act out in his head how he was going to approach her. He knew that she had a violent temper if provoked and he wanted to make sure that his approaching her would not end up in a tragic event.

Ultimately, Jackson decided to just watch her for the next couple of days, learn her routines, and find out if she had any specific visitors. It was around 4pm that he noticed a middle-aged man with a bald shaved head and a moustache go to her apartment and knock on her door. He looked at the photos in the investigator's folder and found out that it was a Steven C. Lasterane who lived in Covington, which was about halfway between Seattle and Tacoma. He also learned that Steve was a high-powered executive with a very prestigious ad agency in Seattle. With Tina being a nurse and Steve being in advertising, Jackson could only imagine how those two met. He figured that Tina smelled the Benjamins a mile away when she met Steve - ingratiating herself somehow in order to meet him. Another full-blown sucker sucked into his sister's spider web. Another victim notch marked in her $1,500 designer shoes. But then again, from what he read about Steve's profile, it sounded like they were made for one another, two barracudas that did not devour one another. Right. Just give it some time.

So, before they do that, Jackson was going to be certain to make his move and confront his demon of a sister. He just had to make sure that it was at the right time, right place, and no one else was around. He thought that he would wait around tonight to see how long she had her "company." Then, he could also follow her to work at the hospital. The investigator had notated that she was a RN in the ICU at the local hospital and her license and record were clean. Only had a couple of parking tickets and that was about it.

Jackson knew that she had to lay low, not bring any attention to herself and completely distance herself from her past. Little did she know that one can run but one cannot hide. With all of the modern technology of today, the world is getting much smaller and staying off the grid is almost impossible. He was ready to prove that point.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Six: Case Dismissed

People trying to help, no matter how well-meaning their actions, do not realize the  consequences of their actions. In their minds, they are helping when, in essence, they should stear clear, mind their own business. Most times, they should let the chips fall where they may and allow others to take responsibility for their actions.

When we try to help those get out of trouble, we most inevitabily cause trouble for ourselves without even knowing it. Trying to figure out what is a truly altruistic action or if we must have our own way blurs the line of culpability of all involved.

*****
Kevin was tired and glad to be home. He finished up just about everything for Steve's promotion blast party and he was ready to take it easy. He had already figured out how to get out of going to the party last minute by blaming it on the baby being sick. He did what he was told to do and that's all he was going to do - especially for Steve.

He went home and checked on Natalie and the baby. Both were fast asleep and looked so peaceful. He then went into the kitchen to heat up his dinner. Natalie had made up a plate for him so he would be able to have something to eat when he got home. She was truly a loving and giving person and he was going to propose to her at Christmas. She was the one for him and he looked forward to spending the rest of his days with her and their child.

He warmed up the plate in the microwave and then sat down at the table. As he ate, he began to think about all of the good things that she did. Some he agreed with and some he did not. Half the time, Kevin would joke with her to make good choices but deep down, he hoped that she would. He generally didn't agree with her getting caught up in other people's messes because in trying to help, it didn't really help in the end. Kevin would always say it with a grin but truly meant it deep down inside. One case in point was Justin. Justin was Natalie's cousin's friend who was always screwing up with driving offenses. Parking tickets, speeding tickets, and finally, not having his driver's license with him landed him an appearance in court. He had left his wallet at home and didn't have the license on him when he was stopped for one of his tail lights being out.

Having grown up in the town, Natalie knew many people and knew the judge and prosecutor that Justin would be seeing when he went to court. According to Natalie, Justin was an air head who was just bad at organizational skills but amazing with his landscaping business. If he lost his priviledge to drive, then he would lose his money-making ability with his landscaping company. So, Natalie decided to go with Justin to court on the appointed day. When the prosecutor saw her there, he asked her why she was there and she explained Justin's situation. Knowing Natalie and the good heart that she had, the prosecutor told her that he would drop the charges and there would only be a fine of $25. Natalie saved the day for Justin, but Kevin felt that Justin needed to grow up and take responsibility for his irresponsibilty. Kevin knew her heart but hoped that it would not come back to haunt her one day.

Kevin finished his meal, washed the dish, and went to take his shower. After his shower, he climbed into bed next to Natalie and put his arm around her. As she snuggled closer to him in her sleep, Kevin could only think how lucky he was. He would protect them both to the death if need be. They were the ones that kept him grounded and sane.

If Justin had been through war, he would not forget his license and not rely on the good hearts of others. In war, if you forgot, you died. Not only would you die, but you would endanger those fellow soldiers around you. If you didn't die, then you wished you had by the time the guys in the unit got done with you.

That's what pissed him off the most about Justin. He just hoped that Justin's actions didn't come back to haunt Natalie. Natalie was his world and nobody had better mess with his world.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Seven: How In The World

People more often than not do not do the right thing even when others are not watching. Little tiny things that no one will ever know or even care about for that matter. But there are some things in life that no matter how miniscule do matter even when not watched. For every action, there is a supposed rippling, reverberating effect on the world around us.

Tina was going to find out just how much those secrets that she alone created did matter.

*****
Tina had taken off a week's vacation so she could get ready for Steve's upcoming affair. She had her beauty appointments all set up over the next couple of days and was going to go today for a massage. So much tension with Steve's soon-to-be-ex and his party planning, she just needed to shake off the stress and relax. Tina was on her cell when her door bell rang. She would usually peek out of the peep hole before she opened her door, but this day, she was preoccupied with talking on the phone. She answered the door and she just stared at her visitor. She told the person on the other end that she would have to call them back and then hung up the phone.

She hadn't seen Jackson in at least six years. He was busy flying around the world on "special" military missions and never had time to visit the family. Jackson looked right at her and asked if she was going to let him in. Fearing more than just a conversation, Tina told him that she was busy and proceeded to close the door. Jamming his arm and foot in the door before she could close it, Jackson forced his way into the apartment. Tina stood by the door just in case she needed help or had to run from him. She knew that he had killed before and she knew that this was not a friendly visit at all.

Jackson wasn't going to waste any time and demanded of her what happened with their mother, the money, and why she ran away. Tina was not going to answer any of his questions and shouted at him to leave before she called the police. As their discussion escalted into a screaming match, they drew attention from the neighbors and several of them came out from their apartments. Tina was particularily close to Charles and Leslie next door and when Charles heard the yelling, he went to the door of the apartment to see if Tina was alright. Staring intently at Jackson, she responded that she was fine and that he - Jackson - was just leaving. Not wanting any legal confrontations, Jackson begrudingly left but made it known to Tina that this was not the end of things.

By this time, Leslie had also come to the apartment door and saw the tense situation between Tina and her visitor. Tina was visibly shaken. When Charles asked who the man was, Tina replied that it was her mentally disburbed brother. She explained that he was one of the several reasons why she left back East all in an effort to start fresh and get away from him. Now that he knew where she lived, she told the couple that she feared for her life. Urging her to file a police report, Tina declined their suggestion stating that although he was disturbed, she didn't want him to go to jail. After a little while, Tina was feeling better and Charles and Leslie left vowing to keep an eye out for her and would call the police at the very first sighting should Jackson return. They were also going to let the other neighbors know just in case so they could keep an eye out for her as well.

After they left, Tina locked her apartment door and leaned her back against the door just feeling the panic of being found. Going over and over again what her options would be at this point, she concluded that she would have to leave Washington pronto. She cared for Steve on a physical level but not enough to keep her there with Jackson on her trail. She decided that she would have everything packed and moved to a storage unit. Later, she would have her things moved from the storage unit to wherever she landed. She had this week to make her final arrangements to leave and so she started to make some calls.

Damn, Why did he have to show up now? Tina was upset but angry that she was finally liking it here and now she would have to pull up roots. She started to think of where she could go. Canada was close and she could always find a nursing job there. But she also knew that Jackson had an effective tool chest where he would be able to find her anywhere in the world. Maybe she would leave clues around that she was going to Mexico so he would be fooled into thinking the opposite. Yup. That's what she was going to start to do. She would begin picking up tour destination package information for Mexico and leave it out in her apartment and on her car seat just in case Jackson decided to coverly break into her apartment while she was out or looked into her car. She would also start to groom coworkers and neighbors that she was considering the move to Mexico where the weather was warmer and the cost of living was less.

She would go to the party and have one last fling with Steve before she left town. Right now, she needed a marathon session with Steve. Besides, he had his special gift for her and she wasn't going to let that slip away. Yes, she would leave very early the day after the party but she just had to know what Steve had for her.

But didn't curiousity kill the cat?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Eight: Resolution

So many times, things happen in people's lives where there is no closure, no explanations, no understanding of why things happened the way that they did. With a death, some will never find the answers that they seek and may or may not find solice in the finality of never knowing.

For others, some may or may not find the answers from those who are still living. For those that do, sometimes the finding out is far more painful than not knowing. But the truth will always shine through no matter what.

*****
Bea was extremely busy at work as the holiday season seemed to have more people in need than normal. For her, she was glad that she could help those in need. But now it was Friday and she was looking forward to the weekend. She was finally feeling safe and comfortable in her relationship with Liam and knew that she had been blessed beyond words. Her divorce from Steve would be almost final in a couple of months and her future with Liam was bright.

At her desk, Bea's phone rang and when she answered it, heard a quiet voice on the other end say "Mom?" Bea's stomach sank. It was Harper. Harper had decided to leave home when she was old enough and finally got married a little while ago. Her daughter called her rarely which broke her heart. Many times, Bea would call Harper's cell, leave a message or text, but would never get a reply in return. In her head, Bea knew that Harper would get in touch with her whenever she decided to, but in her heart, she ached for daughter as a mother naturally would with her child. After several miscarriages, Harper being born was a miracle. She was Bea's only child and the only bright spot in her entirely miserable life with Steve.

Throughout her childhood and into puberty, her daughter was always quiet and a good student. But once she was a senior in high school, she started failing classes and skipping school. It was a night during her senior year that Harper came home drunk and barely made it to her room. On this night, Bea had been waiting up for her but had fallen asleep on the couch. She awoke to her daughter stumbling up the stairs and walking into the walls. She quickly went up the stairs and helped her to bed. Harper was so drunk that there was no talking with her then. It would have to wait until the morning. She didn't want Steve to get any thoughts that anything was wrong. It was a need to know basis and he most definitely did not need to know.

The next morning, Bea had called out from work and, under the guise of driving Harper to school, took her to an addiction therapist for evaluation. Her poor daughter was only seventeen and a full blown alcoholic. Harper begged her mother not to tell Steve because she was fearful of what he would do. So, it was a secret between the two of them until Harper graduated high school and moved out on her own. Just because she was out on her own didn't mean that Bea wasn't concerned. Rather quite the contrary.

So, for Harper to call her now, at work, there was something wrong. She didn't know if she was drinking again or what. Unbeknownst to Bea, Harper had expressed in her therapy sessions over the past few years that she wanted to reconnect with her mother but didn't know how nor where to begin. She wanted to talk to her about the abuse, the drinking, failing in school, and why she acted the way she did. She wanted some sort of closure so she could begin to heal and be whole again. She didn't want to do that over the phone so she asked her mother if she wanted to meet for lunch. Bea was excited but cautious. This was unusual for Harper but she detected a level of sincerity that could not be ignored. Bea suggested that she come to Liam's for lunch  tomorrow when she was off and they could have all the time in the world to "catch up." Harper felt relieved at her mother's openess to the meeting. She always loved her mother but that relationship was so over shadowed by the twisted and violent nature of Steve.

Bea went home that night and made dinner for her and Liam. Just as she loved his cooking for her, Liam also loved her cooking with the delicious smell of her meals greeting him at the doorway when he got home. It was because of her giving nature that made Liam want to give more and more in return. Sometimes, she would have her hair up with just a couple of wisps falling down around her face while in the kitchen. It was little things like that that made him want her so much.

During dinner, Bea told him about her relationship with Harper and her desire to meet with her tomorrow. She loved her daughter and knew that there must have been something weighing on her mind. Yes, she loved her daughter unconditionally and would be there for her no matter what. Liam totally understood and said that he could disappear somewhere in the house or his workshop so they could have some privacy. This is what she loved about Liam. He had become her everything, her world, and she wanted to be with him for the rest of her life.

As they began to clean up dinner, Bea was washing the dishes and Liam was drying. In trying to be playful, Bea started to sprinkle water at Liam who laughed and grabbed her in his arms so she couldn't throw any more water. As they looked deeply into each other's eyes, Liam bent down to slowly kiss her and, for a brief moment, again forgot all time and space. He pulled back and looked into her eyes, searching for what she wanted to do next. She pulled him in closer, kissing him.

Their kisses grew more intense, each time more passionate than the last one. As their fervor increased, Bea led Liam down the hallway into his bedroom. Once there, she began to undress him. He stopped her hands and asked if she was sure. With a coy smile and longing in her eyes, she slowly shook her head yes. With that, their all-consuming desire for one another continued to build like the torrent in a raging river and the sexual tension that had been building up for months was coming to fruition. They continued exploring each other's body, gratifying and pleasing every inch along the way. Their long-awaited hunger knew no bounds and, over the course of the night, they continued to merge the emotional with the physical bonding of two bodies into one. Exhausted and now basking in the bliss of their love, a sleepy tranquility fell over them.
Liam awoke the next morning and gazed at a peacefully sleeping Bea. He gently stroked her hair and traced the outline of her cheek and then the contour of her shoulders. He knew that he was more in love with her now than he had been before and knew that he never wanted this relationship to end. He had never known such pleasure, emotion, and physical attraction in all of his life. She was his soul mate mentally, physically, and emotionally. He was going to spend the rest of his life with her, satisfying her, and bringing only pleasure to this enchanting woman.

Bea woke up to Liam lovingly staring at her. Never had she felt such a level of emotional and physical love and delight with a man. She smiled and pulled him in closer, kissing him more urgently in her desire. Their arousal for each other was pure and their emotional and fiery ardor continued for several more hours with each time becoming more absorbing and powerful. Bea was totally immersed and captured by his warmth and tenderness in pleasing her. She had fallen helplessly in love with Liam. Suddenly noticing the time, Bea had to get ready for lunch with her daughter and went into the bathroom to take a shower. With her beautiful naked sillhouette inside the bathroom doorway, she turned and looked seductively at Liam. She motioned to him to follow her into the shower at which Liam was more than happy to oblige. With the hot water cascading over their naked bodies, their eagerness continued.

It was around noon time that Harper arrived at Liam's. She sat in her car for a moment and took a deep breath. She was nervous yet determined to do this. She got out of the car and went to the front door where she stared at the doorbell for what seemed like an eternity. Just as she was going to ring the bell, her mother opened the door and welcomed her inside. Bea gave her daughter the biggest hug she could muster. She was so elated that Harper was there and maybe, just maybe, they could repair their broken relationship one step and one day at a time.

Liam came out from the kitchen and walked over to Harper and shook her hand. After introductions, Liam excused himself to go work out in his shed on one of his many projects. On his way out the backdoor, he told Harper that she was welcome anytime and to not be a stranger. Harper felt the genuinous of Liam, smiled, and promised that she would be back. She then turned to her mother and told her that she had a good feeling about Liam. She also saw the loving way that he looked at her mother and the way her mother looked at him and knew that they were deeply in love.

Bea had made soup and sandwiches for lunch and she invited Harper to take a seat. The beginning of their conversation involved small talk such as Liam's house, Harper's husband Greg, and of course, the dogs who sat under the table waiting for any crumb to fall to the floor. The dogs were well behaved and seemed to stay close with Harper. Pets have a sixth sense sometimes of the true nature and goodness of people.

After their small talk, Bea told Harper how much she enjoyed speaking with her yesterday on the phone and that they should do this more often. She also asked if everything was ok and was there was something that Harper wanted to speak to her about. Harper stared at her sandwich and began to slowly tell her mother of her attempted suicide, her therapy sessions, and how she wanted to heal by repairing their broken relationship. Bea reached over and placed her hand on top of Harper's and told her that she was her mother and loved her unconditionally. As her mother, she would always be there for her, anytime, anywhere, under any circumstances.

Harper knew that her mother loved her and that she loved her mother but this still didn't make the conversation any easier. Starting out slowly, Harper stared at the table when she haltingly began her story about Steve. At first, it was hard for her to breathe and get the words out but eventually she did manage to go more in depth about the sexual abuse and the threats of violence if she told anyone else. In between sobs, she began to apologize for how she acted towards Bea and how she had spiraled into alcoholism to self-medicate and eventually tried to commit suicide when she learned the news of Bea and Steve's divorce. Looking down at her sandwich and with continuous tears streaming down her cheeks, Harper explained that if it were not for her therapist and Greg, she would not be sitting at the table having lunch right now. When she had finished, Harper looked up at her mother's face and saw the stream of tears flowing down Bea's cheeks and the terrible anguish in her eyes. Bea's heart was breaking hearing her daughter's story of torment and despair. She then shared that she had no idea of the depths of Steve's depravity and thought that she was protecting Harper by taking on the abuse herself. Harper looked back down at the table and sobbed. With that, Bea got up and went over to Harper and drew her into a big hug. Together, they were both crying and apologizing for the hurt that they caused one another.

Bea lifted Harper's chin up and looked into her beautiful daughter's face. With an unyielding and firm tone, Bea promised that no one would ever hurt her again - ever. Bea told Harper that what she told her took courage to tell the events that she did. Bea blamed herself as she felt that she should have seen the signs, noticed things earlier. But Harper realized that they both had been victims and weren't going to be anymore. Together, they would form the strongest bond of forgiveness and support ever known. The healing that Harper and Bea had been so desperately searching for had begun.

Their lunch got cold but they didn't care. Mother and daughter spent the rest of the day spending quality time together, playing with the dogs, and visiting with Liam out back working on his wood shed project. Before they knew it, it was almost 4pm and Harper had to go home because Greg was cooking a nice dinner for the two of them. Bea told her to call her anytime no matter what time it is and she would be there. They made a promise to get together again for dinner but also with Greg and Liam. Liam had come in from the back yard and, with Bea, walked Harper to the front door. Harper hugged both of them and then turned to get in her car. Her tears now were not tears of pain but rather tears of relief and happiness. As Harper almost got to her car, she turned around and ran back to again to give both Liam and Bea huge hugs. With the tears of joy and happiness still on her face, Harper left. On her drive home, all she could think of was how much time and energy was wasted on their relationship because of the sick actions of her father. She was very much looking forward to her next therapy session.

Liam turned to Bea and held her in his arms after Harper drove away. He gently kissed the tears streaming down her face and held her in his arms for a long while. Without saying a word, they both knew that this was a new beginning on many fronts and that things would be ok.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Thirty-Nine: Commencement

Retrospection is a funny thing. Shoulda, woulda, coulda doesn't mean a thing for what was done already. No sense in beating one's self up over something that cannot change the past. Going forward, now that is another story. Some use retrospect as a guide in familiar territory while others don't recognize similiar events reoccuring and make the same dumb mistakes. For some, no big deal. It might take a few times to get it right. But for others, it could mean the difference between life and death.

*****
The day of the party finally arrived and the flurry of activity for all involved seemed like a whirlwind. The ad agency had closed early the day before and the day of the party so everyone could get ready. Mark had even paid everyone's salary for that time off so the "feel good" feelings would continue into the event.

The ladies busied themselves with their day of beauty as the men prepared with haircuts, shaves, and manicures. Lorenzo was definitely on a caffeine rush for ensuring all of the last minute details were done while his staff prepped the event areas and got ready for the event meeting later on in the morning. Staff made sure to power wash the outside drive and porte-cochère as well as polish the metal on the front gates and surrounding entry ways. Security details worked on securing the exterior and interior perimeters. The chefs were busy preparing their creations while the sculptors worked on their ice designs. Busboys were polishing all of the silver items to be used and Lorenzo's special decorating team had started 3 days earlier placing designs in the reception areas and ballroom. Cleaning staff vacuumed and in-depth cleaned the restrooms and main areas while the valet area set up for receiving guests. Everyone on staff was running on full tilt and all was flowing exactly as planned.

After her day of beauty, Yvette went home and began to make sure that she had everything ready for tonight. One thing that she didn't have to worry about was the transportation. Mark was providing limos for each executive on the team so no one had to worry about the drive home after a few drinks. She had already practiced her song and needed to relax her voice. She dreaded going, really didn't feel up to it, and absolutely hated Steve. After this event, she had made up her mind to ask for a transfer. The time spent on this assignment was more than she had bargained for when she signed up. Besides, she felt that enough was gained and there was nothing left. It was good that she was off yesterday afternoon and today. She truly needed it for tonight.

Kevin had called Steve and told him that the baby was sick and may have to go to the hospital. Steve wasn't happy about Kevin being absent from the party but he begrudingly understood. Kevin knew that Steve was a total prick but at this point, he didn't care. He didn't want to go and would rather stay home with Natalie and the baby. He'd suffer the consequences later. He hated Steve so much.

Steve and Tina were on the phone talking dirty and making their plans for the evening after the party. Steve double checked to make sure that Tina had the blood bags and that he would have the special surprise. They loved using blood for their very special sexual sessions and he wanted to make sure that she did not forget them. Thank God for his duffle bag in between the special sessions or he would go insane.

After she hounded him about the surprise, he finally had to tell her. He was going to drug Yvette and they would take her after the party up to one of the company cabins in the woods for a tryst. They would take pictures for insurance so that she would join them again in the future. Tina was ecstatic. Yes, this was a fantastic surprise. She thought to herself that it was a shame that this would be the only night for her to enjoy it. Tina had already made arrangements to leave dodge the next morning. She would leave a note for Steve and sneak out. At least he would now have a new love interest...this Yvette person. She hated leaving such a good thing for Yvette but she had no choice.

Jackson was in his hotel room trying to figure out the next course of action. He knew that he had to do something quick or his sister would high-tail it out of town. That seemed to be her M/O of late. He had called Louis and told him what had happened. Louis told him to go to the police but Jackson had other plans in mind. He had been tracking her every move since their last exchange. He was going to extract the information out of her like one of his combatants.....of course, when no one else was around that she could use as a witness. All the years of her lies and deceit were coming to a boiling point for him and it was becoming more difficult to contain his anger and rage.

Tyler had learned of the party from Kevin during one of his phone conversations. He had been released from the mental hospital a couple of days earlier and thought that he might stop by the party. One of the guys in Tyler's therapy groups delivered newspapers early in the morning and Tyler would help him most nights but he would not be helping him tonight. He needed some positive excitement right now eventhough it was a "Steve" party. He felt good on his medicine, fully participated in his therapy group, and was focused on the present. He went out and got a tuxedo for the event and was really looking forward to it. Besides, he might see Brooke there. He was strong enough to deal with his psychosis and obsession with her. Yes, this could be a new beginning for him.

Bea and Liam had heard about the celebration and Steve's new girlfriend through the grapevine and made plans of their own. For dinner, Liam was ordering Chinese food as well as a stay-at-home movie fest with plenty of popcorn and a nice fire in the fireplace. He had picked out a couple of comedy and romance venues bypassing action and scary movies for tonight. He knew what kind of movies that she liked and he wanted to make tonight about her...only her. She deserved a nice memory on this day rather than Steve's egotistical party. He hated Steve so much and wished he would die but it was Bea that he got out of the deal. Steve would get his...of that he was dead certain.

Yes, everyone was getting ready but, for some, not for what they thought.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Forty: Sophistication

Celebrating occassions seems to be what we humans like to do. A birth, an anniversary, a wedding, graduation, sporting event, anything for a reason to bring people together and have fun. For the most part, like-minded people have the same definition of fun and celebrating while others may think otherwise. Different levels of fun can range from the extrovert actions to the most introvert of inclusion.

Celebrations become more complex and maybe tortuous when all who are celebrating are not on the same page.

*****
	The cocktail hour was from 5pm-7pm and guests started to arrive a little after 5pm. Limos, Bentleys, Bugatti Chirons, McLarens, and Rolls Royces busied the valet staff. Upon exiting their cars, guests were treated to an almost futuristic entrance way of stairs leading to a Greco-Roman rotundra bathed in purplish blue lights that highlighted the pillars and marble floor. Once inside the rotundra, they were greeted by their assigned tuxedoed footmen who escorted each couple to the interior reception room and would take their coats and furs.

In the reception room, acrylic and white square tables were disbursed throughout. In the middle of each table there were artsy white wire faux trees and icey blue lights reflecting from the bottom of the tables. The entire room had a magical winter hue and decorum. On the other side of the reception area leading to the main dining hall was a tunnel made of bent white birch wire covered in small bluish-white mini LED lights. Interspersed along the tunnel were the living statues that moved with each passerby. The white gloved staff moved effortlessly through the crowd offering champagne and hors d'oeuvres.

When the dinner chime sounded, the footmen offered their arms to the women and escorted them through the tunnel. Once through, each couple was properly announced to the room and escorted to their table. Each of the tables and chairs were covered in silver lame with thin strings of mini LED lights and gold and silver Christmas balls hanging over the tables. At the very top of the ceiling was a large Austrian crystal chandelier with off shoots of mini LED lights wrapped in thin silver tulle. Around the room were ornately carved ice scultures that had interior meadering tunnels in which were filled with Dom Pérignon Oenotheque Brut Millesime so the guests and wait staff could easily refill their drink glasses. Along the walls were the various fountains, chiefs, and chocolatiers among the Greek and Roman statues. Living statues would move so stealthly around the room that the guests wondered if they were seeing things. So smooth were their movements, the statues wound up in entirely different locations in the room leaving pedastals empty and guests in awe.

At the front of the room was the musical stage. A quartet of four musicians softly played Oboe sonatas while the guests were guided to their seats. The tables were rounds of eight with eight staff people and three busboys per table. Each table staff member was dressed in a Winter fairy motif complete with stage makeup. Lorenzo had hired a makeup company that specialized in theatrical makeup venues. The busboys were not in theatrical mode but rather plainly dressed in black attire with white shirts, black vests, and white gloves.

It was apparent that no quality was spared and that Lorenzo had coordinated everything down to the minutest of details. Yes, this was a party for some of the most elite clientele of the company or for the ad industry for that matter. Yet, somehow, Steve could not help but absorb all of the pomp and circumstance as an ode to himself and play the part of the magnificent point of attention and reason for the evening. 

Tonight, there would be no stopping Steve's ego. He was the ultimate focus.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Forty-One: Hell Hath No Fury
	
Doing evil things to those you supposedly love moves you further and further from the original source of good. But for some, revenge can satisfy the most basic of human emotions of being scorned...no matter how long it takes and what means are used.

There is a very, very fine line between love and hate.

*****
Once all of the guests were seated, Steve and Tina made their grand entrace to a roaring sound of applause. Steve never felt so proud and alive. Once seated at the head table, Steve stood to give his toast thanking all for coming. With a final smile, he annouced the festivities to begin. The musicians continued to play while the table staff attended to the invitees. Laughter and joy filled the air in the room and created a momentous sense of satisfaction for not only the company and guests but for Steve as well.

After the meal and dessert was served, Steve began to work the room, greeting and thanking all in attendance. Wanting to refill his glass with champagne from one of the sculptures, Steve ran into Dana, one of the employees at the firm. He had a special fondess for Dana because she had always found a way to calm his anxieties while at work. He would talk to her on the phone and she would come to his office for a "therapy" session. Not wanting anyone to see his already heightened excitement, Dana would come into his office and go behind Steve's desk. She would then get down on her knees and "help" him get over his "anxiety." Some days, she had a special knack of helping him 3-4 times a day. Unbeknowest to Dana, Steve had filmed their "therapy" sessions as a means to keep Dana silent and loyal just as all of the others that he had "cataloged" over the years. He could attribute much of his success with his attention to detail as far as blackmailing others was concerned. He was definitely a master of his craft.

Yes, Dana was very special to him. So when he saw her, his smile widened and he asked how she was doing. Dana, who hadn't "helped" Steve with his therapy for a while, was angry. Here he was with some red head bimbo when he should have had Dana on his arm for this party.  Dana looked at him, turned, and walked away. As she walked away, all Steve could think of was what a tight booty she had and how much he wanted to slap that ass into next week.

Dana was mad. Her envy inside was turning to full blown rage. She thought back on all of the times that Steve had told her how "special" she was and how he hoped she would be with him for a long time. Dana had grown up in a poor section of town and really had not dated much. She was very pretty but shy and, now as an adult, was incapable of knowing the difference between dysfunctional versus healthy relationships. In her stagnated mind, she thought that she had a real boyfriend in Steve...one who cared about her as much as she cared about him. Apparently, this was not the case.

Dana walked away and went into the ladies room. Lo and behold, who enters but the red haired skank. Holding her cool, Dana started a small conversation with Tina telling her how beautiful her dress was. She figured if she were nice to her, she could get some information out of her. As Tina was touching up her lipstick, Dana commented on what a respected man Steve was in the company and how lucky Tina was. This prompted some conversation back and forth with Tina telling Dana about the plans to go to the cabin for a romantic evening after the party. Wishing her a great time, Dana left the ladies' room with many angry thoughts. Dana's green eyed monster was alive and ready for action. She was ready to teach Steve a lesson that he would never forget. Tina was a skanky whore.

As Steve was making the rounds on the floor, the head footman quietly approached him and whispered in his ear that there was a problem at the front entrance. He said that the man making the ruckus said that Steve had invited him. Steve thanked the footman and quickly moved to the front entrance. He wondered who was the a-hole that was going to ruin his celebration. When he got to the entrance, he froze. It was Tyler all dressed in a light blue prom tuxedo with a ruffled shirt and dirty sneakers. Steve angrily walked up to him and grabbed his arm asking what he was doing there. Tyler stuttered and said that he was invited. Steve then told him that they had only accounted for a certain number of people and he couldn't let him in to the party. He then told him to go home and just relax.

Tyler could feel the rage rising inside of him that he had not felt for a long time. With clenched fists and a glare meant to burn a hole into Steve's eyes, Tyler then turned and walked away. Back at the party, the footman asked Steve if he wanted Tyler seated. He replied that if he showed up again to call the police.

Poor Tyler. He could actually feel the decompensation of his mind and emotions. All of a sudden, the whispers were telling him that Steve needed to get what was coming to him. They would help him because they knew what to do. All the way home, Tyler kept repeating that the whispers were not real...and they responded that they were.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Forty-Two: Season of Purpose

People have a funny way of remembering how they were made to feel. It is a part of who and what defines us during our life journey. Remembering and reacting sometimes do not go hand-in-hand and causes a chain of events to go into an entirely different direction.

Sometimes we can pull back from reacting and sometimes we cannot. It is the intensity of the emotional moment that creates a path that cannot be undone.

*****
	It was a little more towards the end of the party that Steve decided to give another toast and introduce the entertainment. In his toast, he mentioned Mark, Lorenzo, Kevin, Tyler, and Yvette. He ended his toast with introducing Yvette as an amazing employee and talented lyric soprano. 

With the lights slighly dimmed, Yvette stood on the musical stage and began to sing a song from the French opera, Gounod's Faust, captivating the audience by her depth and range. When she finshed, the entire room expoded in applause and a standing ovation. She was a little nervous before she went on stage and had a glass of champagne to calm her nerves. From the sidelines, Steve saw that she had left her glass of champagne near the side entrance to the stage. Knowing that he would not be in view of the audience, he went up to the glass and emptied a powdery substance into her glass that immediately melted. After her performance, Yvette left the stage, picked up her glass of champagne, and began to drink it.

As the party started to wind down, Yvette was starting to feel a little strange. Noting her drowsiness, Steve motioned to Tina who immediately went up to Yvette to "assist" her. Steve watched Tina walk Yvette out of the party through the kitchen and knew that she would get her into a waiting car around back at the staff entrance where they would not be noticed. Steve then returned to his table and again thanked everyone for coming and that he hoped that they had a wonderful time. With that, the entire room exploded once again into loud applause and a standing ovation. Steve smiled and gave a little bow to different points in the room, wished everyone a safe joourney home, and left the table. He meandered his way into the staff kitchen and back entrance, making sure that he was not seen. Knowing that some employees, including Yvette, were given a limo ride to the event, Steve knew that no one would be looking for Yvette - at least, not right away.

Tina had gotten into the back seat with a very out-of-it Yvette while Steve slipped into the driver's seat. Tina had brought a duffle bag with all of their "little toys" and, together, they could hardly contain their excitement. Dana watched the car drive away. She had her eyes on Steve and Tina the whole night and watched Tina leave with Yvette with Steve following suit not long after. 

Dana was curious, very curious. She felt that this would be the right time to get her reverse revenge. Not sure how she was going to do it, Dana had brought her own car to the party and began her trek to the "company cabin."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Forty-Three: Tangled Web

The more one tries to deceive, the more the web becomes tangled. Deceit always catches up to us in one way or another. Which leaves some wondering whether or not the level of deceit gets the right level of punishment.

Maybe some do and maybe some do not.

*****
It was a cold winter night and Tina and Steve turned up the heater in the car. Looking over at Yvette, Tina assured Steve that she would be out for quite a while. Steve agreed as he told her that he had put a double dose in her champagne. At that, they both laughed and Tina began to touch the unconscious Yvette. Steve scolded her and said to wait until they got there...no freebies! Somewhat disappointed, Tina then leaned over in the car and began to gently carress and kiss his neck with her lips and tongue. She continued by running her red manicured fingers inside his shirt and playing with his chest. Steve moaned and scolded her for being such a bad girl and wait until he got her to the cabin. He assured her that her "punishment" wouldn't be swift but rather slow and deliberate, but the absolutely most exciting thing all night. Tina leaned back in the seat with a huge grin. She could hardly wait and told Steve to hurry up. She sure was going to miss him.

They finally arrived at the cabin and Steve pulled the car to the front door so they wouldn't have as far to walk with Yvette. They both got out of the car, carried Yvette into the cabin, and placed her on the bed. Tina and Steve began to get to work. Tina began tying down Yvette while Steve broke out the camera. They had planned to film the entire evening, beginning with cutting away Yvette's clothes while she was tied to the bed. Steve poured their glasses of champagne on the night stand while Tina got out her packs of blood. Tina went in to take a shower first while Steve was still setting up the camera. Tina came out of the shower and then Steve went in. Seeing the glasses of champagne, Tina downed the whole glass in one swallow and then poured herself another. Feeling a little woozy, Tina was suddenly starting to pass out and felt like she had a cloth over her face.

After his shower, Steve came out into the bedroom, and, not seeing Tina, figured she ran out to the car for something. He downed the other glass of champagne and immediately started to feel the effects and sat down. Suddenly from behind, he felt a cloth over his face and nose just as Tina did.

With very little time, the intruder had to work quickly. First, the figure all dressed in black, untied Yvette and moved her out into the woods on the ground. The idea that the person had was that Yvette was innocent and had nothing to do with this. After about 15 minutes laying in the cold with her purse and in her party clothes, Yvette began to come to and heard the sound of the highway that must have been nearby. Running as fast as she could, she made it to the highway where several cars didn't stop. She reached into her purse and called her lifeline number. The person on the other end picked up after one ring and she shouted into the phone that she had been kidnapped and made it to the highway. Looking at a mile marker right next to her, she was able to give the person her location. She yelled that she needed an immediate extraction and for safety, would catch a ride to the nearest town. Finally, a trucker stopped and gave her a ride. At least, she was safe for the moment until backup arrived.

Meanwhile, the intruder was dressed all in black and moved with the agility and speed of a trained martial arts professional. With both of the targets unconscious, the intruder placed a naked Tina on the bed and tied her up to the bed posts. Next, the assailant placed a naked Steve on top on Tina and positioned a 10 inch serated knife in Steve's right hand. Sitting on top of Steve, the masked intruder began to manuever Steve's arm and hand to stab Tina in the chest with finally opening her up from neck to waist. With each thrust thrown the excitement was more and more exhilerating. Her blood splattered all over an unconscious Steve, Tina, the ceiling, the floor, the bed, and the walls. The mysterious figure left a still unconscious Steve on top of a brutally dead Tina while opening up all of the blood bags and spreading them all over the floor, bed, walls, Steve, and Tina. Making sure not to leave any evidence behind, the intruder took the camera equipment and used the cabin mop to create swirls of blood all around the floor. He even swirled up to the front door and to the back door. He took off his socks so there would be no tracks while continuing to swirl the mop up to his exit.

A groggy Steve began to come to with an intense headache. What time was it? Where was he? Before he could open his eyes, there was a loud banging on the cabin door with people identifying themselves as police and to open up. Steve could barely move when the door burst open with a SWAT team and guns drawn. Still not realizing that Tina was dead, Steve groggily stumbled off of the bed and, with the knife still in his bloody hand, slipped backwards on the bloody floor. With the SWAT team continually shouting to drop the weapon, Steve looked at his bloody hand and then over to Tina's lifeless body. Still looking at Tina and trying to comprehend the situation, he dropped the knife and tried to get up while the police rushed in to handcuff him. From the woods, the intruder watched the whole scene unfold and smiled at the genius of the plan. Good job.

The murder of Tina and the arrest of Steve made all of the local and national headlines. The sheer brutality of the murder was unfathomable to people. Public opinion turned towards poor Tina as more and more facts about Steve were coming out everyday.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Chapter Forty-Four: Lovin' Life

*****
It  was a beautiful Idaho morning at sunrise as Liam looked out over the fields. They had retired to the state 10 years ago and fully enjoyed the laid back life. From time to time, Harper and Greg's son, Joshua, would come to spend a weekend with Liam and Bea.

From the time he was little, Joshua would listen to Liam's police stories with just the two of them sitting for hours out on the front porch. Joshua loved his grandfather and his stories about police work. When he was old enough, he joined a small police force in Iowa where he met his fiancée, Amber.

On this particular weekend, Joshua and Amber visited his grandparents and caught up on all of the family news. It was a beautiful fall weekend with bright blue skies and crisp fresh air. Both men thoroughly enjoyed the weather while sitting on the front porch overlooking the pumpkin fields and peaceful mountains.

On this particular weekend, while Bea and Amber were in the kitchen making some hot apple cider, Liam chose to tell Joshua about the story of Steve. He had just gotten to the part where Steve was arrested when Bea and Amber brought out the cider onto the porch for everyone. After pouring the cider, Bea sat down in the porch rocker next to Liam. When Joshua asked what happened to Steve and why he killed Tina, Liam and Bea looked over at each other and knowingly smiled.

Their grandson would have to learn about the rest of Steve's story on another day. 


# # # # #

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer?  Thanks!

K. Maril Charles

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Prologue:

He is superior and others are just a means to his personal gain. One of the most hated bosses in the advertisement agency, Steve controls and rules in his personal and professional kingdoms until his ego proves too much for him. Those around him begin to fall while others move to safer emotional ground.

Told through the thoughts and feelings of all those involved will leave the reader experiencing the ups and downs of the tragedies and triumphs of those in Steve's cruel and vile world. In the end, all will wonder who was pushed to the brink of no return...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
About the Author:

K. Maril Charles is a fiction writer with an interest in the psychology that delves into the highs and lows transcending between personal and professional behavior. When she is not writing, she enjoys walks on the beach, photography, and listening to music. She lives in New Jersey with her husband. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Discover the Arcaned West Series:

Arcaned Assertions Book 2:

Old questions answered with new ones created...Coming Summer of 2021




