Asp
By
Stephanie Daich
PUBLISHED BY:
Stephanie Daich on Smashwords

Asp
Copyright © 2011 by Stephanie Daich

Smashwords Edition License Notes

Cover Design:
Amber McNemar
www.ethinkgraphics.com

Dedication:

I give special thanks to Natalie Daich, Emily Daich, and 
Christie Rich.

TABLE OF CONTENTS


TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5 
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
CHAPTER 22
CHAPTER 23
CHAPTER 24
CHAPTER 25
CHAPTER 26
CHAPTER 27
CHAPTER 28
CHAPTER 29
CHAPTER 30
CHAPTER 31
CHAPTER 32
CHAPTER 33
CHAPTER 34
CHAPTER 35
CHAPTER 36
CHAPTER 37
About the Author
Other books written by Stephanie Daich
CHAPTER 1


Why can't I feel my fingers and toes? And the pain! Please stop the pain.
The sound of passing cars blasted in my ears, then nothing—a state of nowhere. Sometimes I felt the sharpness from the frigid rain pelting my body, then I couldn't feel it, even though the rain continued to fall. I slipped back and forth between consciousness. The nothing scared me, but at least it gave me a break from the pain. But what if I stayed in the darkness forever?
I strained my head to see if I had all my limbs. What I saw seemed more mortifying than when I watched my dad slice off his finger with the radial arm saw. My dad screamed in pain, yelling at me to flip off the saw, but I had crouched in a corner, paralyzed. Now, here I sprawled on the road like roadkill, and seeing my femur bone protrude through my athletic pants jolted me with an electrifying sickness.
Oh no! No, no, no. My leg. 
Pulverized flesh soaked up rainwater, creating a mixture of bloody mud in and around my gaping wound.
I am so cold. 
As my body chattered from the cold, I struggled to bring in full breaths. The thick billowing smoke didn't help, clogging my lungs and forcing a lung shredding cough. Ouch, I might not have lungs left after this.
Let me think before the darkness comes again. What happened?
Just moments ago, I was riding my bike. How swiftly everything changed. The darkness muddled my mind, trying to pull me in again. I should let it. I can't handle this pain anymore. But before it takes hold, I need to remember what happened.
Extending my head to the right sent a piercing pain through my spine. I peered down the ditch and saw a pile of mangled bicycle and body.
Deidre!
My stomach tightened in knots. Oh, Deidre. My best friend. She can't be dead. I can't live life without her. She is my life. If I don't save her, no one will. I tried to crawl to her, but the gripping pain stopped me from moving.
“Ahhhhhhhhhhh,” I screamed, as my lungs absorbed the burning rubber.
Deidre, Deidre. I bawled as I cradled my chest, then I heard a door open. I shifted my eyes to a parked yellow truck.
Oh yeah, the yellow truck. It had creamed into us.
Everything hurt too badly, even my soul, and I hadn’t thought about the driver. Had the driver been injured? Filthy work boots hit the ground.
Who belonged to the boots? Who had put me in this pain? 
I exerted my strength to look over the vehicle and see what devious creature drove it, but as I did, the shooting agony moved from my femur and into the surrounding areas of my body.
The boots stood there for a while. What was the hesitation? Finally, they moved their way to the front of the truck. A colossal of a man appeared. The mindless goon was probably several inches above six feet and over 300 pounds. Indeed, he was enormous, like a Saskatchewan. His scraggly beard could be home to several vermin. Standing there, he dumbly assessed the damage he had caused. 
His left eye twitched, and his hands shook. The smell of tobacco and alcohol momentarily assaulted me. How dare he drink and drive. Hate overpowered all feelings. That monster did this to me. -to Deidre!
I tried to slaughter him with profanity, but my bruised lungs had nothing to give; only gurgles moved up my throat. 
Since I could do nothing, I observed him as spite consumed me. He seemed to have a conversation with himself, his face muscles going spastic. Then, the goliath headed my way.
“I’m, I’m, I’m so sorry. I didn’t see you there,” the man stuttered.
“Not me…” I forced out. I pointed toward the ditch. Oh, how I hated sending the greasy drunk toward Deidre, but what choice did I have? Someone had to save her.
The boozer turned as his boot dug into the pebbles, and he peered into the ditch. Curiously, he bent forward to get a better look, but the sudden shift in his weight threw off his equilibrium, not that he had one intact. He swayed, then overcorrected and tumbled down the ditch. Little rocks shot off of his feet and pelted Deidre’s body.
He rolled fast, clawing at the ground to stop. In horror, I watched as the large numbskull somersaulted directly on top of Deidre. There was a sickening bang against metal and the thud of bodies colliding. I cringed to the sound of 300 pounds smashing Deidre.
“Get...off!” I choked out. He didn’t move, further crushing her with his bulk of lard. I desperately tried crawling to my friend, pushing small rocks into my open wounds. The attempt tortured me, and I found myself stuck, unable to do anything because of my broken bones and excruciating pain. Outrage filled me. I grabbed a rock and tried to chuck it at the drunk’s head, missing terribly. I sent down a few more rocks. Because he had already passed out, there was no response when they hit him, bouncing off like he was rubber. 
I turned and laid my arm over my face. I can't save Diedre. My chest heaved quickly in and out from my panting.
Things went dark.
When I awoke, I looked at the boozehound continuously mashing Deidre, much like a foot squishing the life out of a bug. I had never felt such an intense hatred before in all my life as I did for that drunk.
While I lay dying on the pavement, my mind replayed the truck turning into me, clipping my back tire. The force slammed me flat onto the road, trapping my leg under the bike while it dragged me against the asphalt. Even though I hurt, in time, I would recover. 
Deidre had not been so fortunate.
The front grill of the truck rammed into her body and destroyed her bike. Deidre peddled in a frenzy, but unfortunately, she had no way to save herself. The truck continued to grind her and the bike, eventually pushing them down the ditch. Deidre must have died before her body finished tumbling. At least for her sake, I hope she didn't feel much.
As I lay there, I peered into the ditch at the two bodies. Both were terribly still. At the time, I wasn’t sure if Deidre had survived the truck’s impact. Her limp body appeared seriously distorted, and then with the blimp of man on Deidre, I was sure she had died. 
Thrusting my fist into my mouth, I bit down. The stinging in my hand temporarily diverted the storm in my gut.
I launched more rocks on the drunk’s head. Even though he couldn’t feel it, it satisfied me a little. It might be a long time before someone stopped and rescued us. The truck, parked parallel to me, shielded my body from the passing car’s views. It could be all day before someone spotted me. Laying there in the rain, I violently shook as hypothermia set in. The drops splashed on my body as I was a prisoner of the muddy water and helpless to the icy pellets stealing my last ounce of heat.
My stomach muscles contracted, and that's when the puking started. The acidic slush burned my throat and tongue. Puking locked all muscles into the most painful contractions, like a full-body Charlie horse. I aimed to spit the sludge out of my mouth, but couldn't, so the vomit soaked my chin and neck, becoming trapped in all my folds. My abdominal muscles tightened, again and again, which hurt like a mother.
My head felt funny, light-headed, and I swirled in and out of consciousness. Finally, mercifully, darkness took over. I passed out.
***
What is going on? My eyes opened. Where am I? What is that horrific squeal that won't shut up? The noise pounded against my eardrums, threatening to rupture them.
Images blurred, but I could tell there was a guy next to me. My world felt unstable as my body bounced and swayed. I tried to sit up, but hands gently pushed me back to my lying position.
The noise! What was it? I try to think. Oh, it's an ambulance. 
There must be an emergency. Is the ambulance coming?
Thump. My body jolts up and then back down.
Wait, I am in the ambulance. That dude, he is an EMT.
A young EMT guarded my body. 
Then, I remembered it all as I bite my lip, creating the only pain I could feel, except, of course, for the pain of losing Deidre. Her loss was a pain I would carry for life. I touched the IV in my hand. At least I no longer felt the pain and cold from the accident.
I tried to look past the EMT, searching for her.
“Where...Deidre?” I asked. The words seared the back of my throat and mumbled through my oxygen mask.
The EMT glanced away, acting like he didn't want to share the details of the accident. Talk to me. Don't just ignore me! I need to know. His silence scared me. 
“Where?” My marred diaphragm and charred throat prevented me from any more words.
“Is your name Stacey Olson?” The EMT asked while searching my fanny pack. I could barely nod yes.
He purposely kept his back to me, although I could see the side of his face. Was he fairly new to his job because tears streamed over his face, and it appeared there was no callousness to his emotions yet, not the apathy that so many EMTs develop. The image of Deidre’s mutilated body flashed across my mind; a body intertwined with metal. The emergency team certainly had a challenge as they separated her from the bike. The scene probably replayed in his mind, causing him those tears. 
At least I had passed out and missed it. If I had watched them remove Deidre from the bike, her body twisted and distorted, I know it would have plagued me with horrific nightmares.
The ambulance's sirens overwhelmed me. I wanted to jump out of the stretcher, and the EMT not answering me made it worse. Maybe Deidre had survived. I needed an answer, but my IV medication lifted my question away as my thoughts floated to the side, out of reach.
I twisted on my stretcher seeking a more comfortable position. Misery racked my soul; something morphine drips couldn't cure. I coughed a few times and then closed my eyes. It was going to be a drawn-out recovery.
***
I couldn’t get over missing Deidre’s funeral. I was still in the hospital during it, and they wouldn’t give me a medical release to attend. 
"She is my best friend. I have to go!"
"I am sorry, Ms. Olson, your recovery is of the utmost importance." The doctor said as he didn't even look at me while speaking. He quickly scribbled a few things in his notebook. I say scribble because it didn't appear like he was writing, more trying to look busy. He wore a biker's outfit, not even a doctor's coat. He probably couldn't wait to leave my side and return to his leisure instead of putting any real emotion into my care.
"I don't care if I get better. I should have died as Deidre had. She was my life. Do you understand that? You can't deny me of this closure."
The doctor looked up from his notes. He stared at me, seeing me for the first time. "I will call the social worker in." And like that, he left for the open road of adventure while tubes tethered me to the sterile bed.
The sorrow over losing my best friend consumed me. Screw my recovery. At least let me say goodbye at her funeral. After the funeral, a few friends met me at the hospital. A caring nurse wheeled my bed into the chapel, where we held a vigil for Deidre. That helped ease the pain a little, but I felt ripped off in so many ways. 
I needed the physical and emotional pain to stop.
But neither left.
"How much more of this therapy do I have to do?" I whined. It hurt the things the therapist expected of me. I'd like to see him break his femur than do this.
"Stacey, you need to fight for your abilities. Don't give up. You don't want to lose what you can earn back."
"Blah, blah, blah," I said. I know my retort sounded childish, but I lacked the motivation to do the things expected of me. Deidre was dead, and I wanted to join her.
Since I was an only child, Deidre was the sister that I never had. All school-age memories involved her. We had slept at one another’s homes almost every weekend. We both had been adopted into each other’s families. We had a spiritual connection. 
No one understood me like Deidre. 
I loved that we rarely fought. Most of my other friendships thrived on fights and drama, but no Deidre. That didn’t happen between us.
After the hospital, I returned to a vacant apartment, no Deidre, just constant reminders of her, everywhere, tormenting me. We moved into our apartment straight from high school graduation. My soul melted as I hobbled in from my hospital stay. All of Deidre's things occupied every crevice of the apartment. The walls had her decorations, and the front room had her couch. Her room had stayed the same as the day we went for the bike ride, the ride that had claimed her life. There wasn’t a place in that apartment that didn’t have some type of remembrance tied to Deidre.
A few months after her death, Deidre's parents picked up her things. It killed me to see her stuff go, but I was also glad, for her possessions tormented me. After her parents left, I looked through Deidre and my photo album. I took my finger and outlined every picture of Deidre. My Deidre. Desolation consumed me as darkness moved into my heart where she used to be. I would never replace her. We were soul sisters, and when she died, she took a big part of me to the grave with her.
Deidre had always fascinated me. Boys loved her. I didn't think she was the prettiest girl out there, but that didn’t stop the boys from going crazy over her. Her personality drew everyone to her. While growing up, we looked somewhat similar, both of us burnets with brown eyes. I was thinner than her, while she was slightly taller than me. She had an oversized nose, but it didn’t sour her face; somehow, it complimented it. I always thought she was better looking than me because I was as an ugly duckling.
The first picture in the album was of Deidre and me at our preschool graduation. We had met there and had become each other's half. In elementary, we had been in every class together except three. During high school, we arranged all our classes to be synonymous. 
We were entirely inseparable.
We attended OSU and double-dated all the hot college men. We shared our lives. No secret was kept from the other; no boundaries formed. We shared a tender closeness and had so many schemes for our futures. How could I possibly proceed with life without Deidre? I didn’t know how to function without my confidant. 
Most of the significant decisions I had made, my best friend had influenced. Now, I would be left alone to navigate life.
Burn the album. The darkness begged me. If I hardened my heart to her memories, maybe I could move on. As I held the album, I knew I could never do that.
If I burned them, then I would burn the best part of my life, her. I owed it to Deidre to keep her memories strong and to never let them die.
Pound. Pound. Pound.
A pounding on the door snapped me back into reality. I lightly rested the album on the coffee table and pushed my walker to the door. Kevin stood there with puffy eyes. -Deidre’s widowed boyfriend. He reminded me of Gumby, with his awkward lengthiness. His hair looked greasier than usual. Had he let himself go since Deidre’s death? The stubble on his unshaven chin would suggest as much. He had streaks of handsomeness, but not so much at the moment, as his wrinkled clothes smelt a bit rank. Seeing him there brought me relief and sorrow. I flung myself into his arms and bawled. We both mourned Deidre.


CHAPTER 2


I thought I would never heal emotionally, and I don't believe I did. Yet, the years moved forward without Deidre in them. Birthdays came and went, leading me to my 31st birthday.
“Happy birthday to you, cha cha cha. Happy birthday to you, cha cha cha. Happy birthday dear mommieeeeeeeee. Happy birthday to you!” 
The poor-pitched singing woke me up. I had fallen asleep in the tattered recliner, a thrift store rescue, many years ago. I wiped the slimy drool from my chin and tried to sit up, but the kink in my neck stopped me. Ouch. I hadn't remembered drifting off to sleep. As my mind cleared the sleep, I rubbed my hand across two rips on the chair. Maybe someone could get me a new recliner for my birthday.
“We baked it and frosted it ourselves,” Lil’ Dee said with a wide grin, pushing her chubby cheeks toward her eyes. I loved those cheeks. Ben shot me a huge smile, the front gapping where two teeth had once been. His eyes beamed in pride for making me a pink cake. Ben’s whole countenance shone when he served others, and I loved that. 
I tried to savor the moment as I messaged my neck muscles. It wasn't every day someone made me a cake, despite its pathetic presentation. Crumbs mixed into the frosting, which oozed around the sides, and dripped to the floor. My hand covered my mouth to stop me from complaining about the mess. The kids had frosting up and down their arms and all over their shirts. Lucky me, I will get to clean all this later. Maybe next year, they can just give me a cellophane-wrapped Twinkie. I smiled and kissed their heads, avoiding anything sticky.
“Mommy is so proud of you two!” I praised. My compliment energized them as they did little dances of joy next to me.
“Blow the candles, mommy, blow the candles.” The kids clapped their hands in anticipation.
Various candles, already used, poked out of the cake. The kids probably searched every cupboard and drawer to find those. I blew on the fire, and the flames flickered, releasing a wisp of smoke. The kids blew as well, just in case I had missed a candle.
“How old are you, mommy?” Lil’ Dee asked.
My eight-year-old princess had strawberry blond hair, unlike my brown hair. I had wished Lil’ Dee would look more like me, but she had an adorable look of her own, her face dotted in freckles.
I slyly grinned. “I am twenty-two.”
Kevin loudly coughed, obviously faking it. He covered his face with his hand. “In your dreams. Honey, your mom is 31, just like me.” I scowled at him. I hated being in my 30s.
The trailer brightened as a lightning bolt passed overhead, then came the tympanic thunder, shaking our whole home and rattling the windows. I coward into the recliner as if it could save me. I hated that trailer and knew one day a storm would knock it down.
“That was cool,” Ben yelled. He delighted in anything loud and boisterous. Even Lil’ Dee found the storm exciting. Dropping the cake in my lap, the kids ran to the tiny window, not wanting to miss the next show.
Great! Slops of frosting smeared on my legs and the chair.
The storm didn't disappoint the kids as a new rumble rang out and rocked the trailer with more force. I squirmed. Maybe this will be the day nature brings down our aluminum walls. Simultaneously, Kevin and I looked into the kitchen at three pans collecting rain from the leaking roof.
“I am sorry I didn’t get you a gift,” Kevin glanced back at me.
“I am not surprised. You rarely think of me." I couldn't hide my hurt, nor did I want to.
“I had something in mind. I just never found the time to get to it.” He avoided looking at me.
It was the same thing every birthday, every Christmas. He hardly put any thought into my special days. I had always made sure his special days were lovely.
Disheartened, I looked around my dilapidated home. The walls still sported the original brown wood panel from the 70s, and the small windows allowed in only a sliver of light. The rooms were dark and gloomy with ancient furniture, much like the recliner. The floor had shaggy carpet, thick and green. Sadly, it was all we could afford. You would think by 31, we would have figured out how to make money.
“Do you want me to go and get you something?” Kevin asked, breaking my thoughts.
“Do you even have to ask? Of course, I want to be remembered.”
Another burst of thunder swayed the trailer. The kids shrieked in delight. Kevin reluctantly grabbed his coat from the closet, kissed me, and headed out the door. He hoped I hadn't wanted a gift, so he didn't have to go out in the storm. His odor lingered, leaving his unpleasant musk. Why doesn't Kevin bathe more?
The kids pressed tightly against the window, enjoying the light show. Despite my embarrassing home, at least I had my kids. I adored them, and they brought my only joy in life. My hand slipped in the goopy frosting that had spread over me like the blob. I needed to wash my hands and probably change my shirt. I went to the kitchen, put the sloppy mess-of-a-cake on the card table, and washed at the sink. A new banging vibrated the house from someone at the door.
“Happy birthday,” Mom called out as she swung open the broken screen. “I need some help here; your dad is getting soaked," her voice elevated with urgency.
I dropped the dishtowel and ran to the door. At the bottom of the steps sat Dad in his wheelchair as the rain soaked every inch of him. His thin-white hair matted against his head, making him look like a wet dog. Trying to be quick, I grabbed my jacket and ran outside. But, unfortunately, mom’s emaciated body also seemed drenched to the bone. When had mom wasted away like this? I hated seeing my parent's age.
“Where is Kevin? We need his help,” Mom asked. Her dentures chattered in her mouth—my poor parents.
“He ran to the store. You are early.”
“We can’t miss your birthday party. Do you think that you are strong enough to get Dad up the steps?” Mom pointed to the four steps leading to the door. 
Although skinny and weaker than most men, Kevin always pulled Dad in, lifting Dad into the home. 
Mom had slowly wasted away to a twig, a very fragile twig. But, without Kevin there, what choice did I have but to help? I couldn’t keep Mom and Dad outside to catch pneumonia in the torrential rain.
 “Sure, if we work together,” I said. I hated to make Mom help, but I couldn't do it alone. If I had known my parents would arrive early, I would have never sent Kevin out. 
I bounded behind my dad’s wheelchair and kissed him on his cold, chapped cheek as I slipped my arms under his armpits.
“Mom, get in front and pull Dad up by his arms. I will push him by his back and lead him up the steps.”
We got into position. Mom pulled, I pushed, and Dad stiffly rose. I had pinned the wheelchair between my dad and me. 
Meanwhile, Mom kept yanking Dad, trying to pull him up the first step. It was not working because the chair created a huge hindrance. I struggled to help keep Dad up and move the chair at the same time. Dad’s leg violently shook as he tried to support his weight. With one hand pushing against his back, I used my other hand to move the wheelchair clumsily. Dad slipped from my hold, so Mom tugged harder on his weakened arms. 
"Ahh!" Dad screamed in pain.
With the chair not entirely out of the way, I let go of it to assist Dad further. Just then, I tripped over the chair, and my body plummeted into Dad’s. The force shoved him against Mom and the two of them crumbled onto the steps, causing Mom to slam her head into the cement stair with a sickening thud. Dad’s dead weight trapped Mom to the stair. 
“Get off, get off, get off!” Mom screamed. 
The kids ran to the door to see the heap we were in. Dad moaned. Mom’s dentures landed in a muddy puddle.
I jumped up and tried to lift Dad off Mom, but I wasn’t strong enough. “Help me,” I screamed to the kids. Ben came to my side while Lil’ Dee rescued Grandma’s teeth and put them in her pocket.
All three of us pulled, but still no luck. We pulled again, getting nowhere. We then rocked Dad’s large body back and forth until we rolled him off Mom. 
Slowly Mom stood. Blood ran down her face. She gasped when she saw Dad still dumped on the stairs. Despite her pounding, bleeding head, she bent down, and the four of us used every ounce of strength we had to drag Dad’s immense weight into the trailer. Blood trickled in Mom’s eyes, but she couldn’t bother with that. She had to help Dad.
Once inside, we dropped Dad on the sofa. Everyone breathed hard, all shook up.
“I don’t think we can come over here again unless you get a ramp,” Mom said as she placed an ice pack on her bruised head. Inside my soul, I silently cried. I seemed more affected than my parents appeared to be. They had both gotten hurt, but it was me who had failed them.
“I’m sorry, I am so sorry,” I begged for their forgiveness.
“Let it go, Honey. Let’s not ruin your birthday. How about I get the lamb started?”
My eyes bulged out, “You brought lamb?” A small wave of joy entered me.
“Only the best for my birthday girl.” Mom wanted to make my birthday special for me, knowing I had little in life and that I had been deeply depressed for a while. Maybe a nice birthday celebration could raise my spirits.
Mom stood, and I jumped up with her and tried to push her back down. “Mom, you are hurt. I can cook the lamb.”
“Nonsense, it’s your birthday. I’ve got it.”
Respectfully I sat back down. “Just remember to put the chair in front of the oven door. It doesn’t close very well.” I reminded her.
Mom busied herself in the kitchen while we listlessly watched TV. Eventually, Kevin returned home and joined our boring pastime. His stink took over the small trailer. Why doesn’t he bathe more? I hoped Mom didn't smell him. Once mom put the food in the oven, she joined our dazed group of TV-watching zombies.
While we all numbly watched a show, the trailer filled with a repulsive odor, the smell of burning hair snapping us out of our trance. Thick smoke poured out of the oven.
Couldn't this day end?
I flew into the kitchen as everyone but Dad followed behind.
Mom had forgotten to put the chair in front of the oven door. It leaned slightly ajar as smoke billowed out. I flung the door open and was appalled by what I saw.
There, sizzling atop the lamb, burned an enormous rat. It must have climbed in through the ajar door. Its back arched into the top cooking element. Fire scourged its hair while the flames grilled its skin. I couldn’t control my weak stomach and bounded to the sink and puked. 
The color in Mom’s face drained. She had paid good money for the lamb, and now it was utterly defiled. Lil’ Dee shrieked in horror.
"Cool," Ben said.
"All, be," Kevin laughed, showing his yellowed, crooked teeth. He grabbed a large BBQ fork and pulled the rat out while he and Ben examined it. When they had finished dissecting it, they paraded the vermin around the puny house like a trophy. I dropped into the recliner and bawled.
***
I stared at my untouched pizza; my appetite had left when I had seen the rat, and it hadn’t come back. The smell in the trailer had been too much for anyone to endure, even Kevin and Ben. I was sure the trailer would have to be fumigated. My sorry-birthday party resumed at Dad and Mom’s house. They ordered pizza and tried to salvage the remainder of an awful birthday.
“For your birthday, I thought you might like to see Phantom of the Opera in Portland.” Mom said, handing me two tickets.
Kevin rolled his brown eyes, knowing he would be expected to use the second ticket.
“The gift even comes with babysitting.” Mom said, beaming behind her glasses.
My mood lifted, for I loved the opera and free babysitting. I rarely went on dates with my husband because we were so poor.
Kevin knelt next to me and whispered in my ear. “I hope you aren’t disappointed. I couldn’t afford a gift this year. But, I still love you.” His powerful breath made me sick.
I stayed stoned face. I already knew I wouldn’t be getting anything from him this year, for money was tight. So what was he doing when he went to get me a gift? He should have at least made me a card or note. To give me nothing seemed liked he didn’t even care.
All at once, Mom stood up with wild eyes. She looked back and forth and began rambling, incoherent words. She stumbled then fell. Her body convulsed on the floor.
“Mom, Mom, Mom… What is going on?” I shrieked as I tried to straighten her. She continued to babble. “Someone call 911. Please, someone, help Mom!”
Mom stopped shaking and lethargically slumped in her spot on the floor. Her eyes stared off into space, and she had no response.
***
As we sat in the waiting room of the hospital, I bawled uncontrollably. Kevin held me close.
What a lousy birthday.
“I hate birthdays,” I said as I snuggled into his chest.
“Don’t say that.”
“No, I do. Everyone dies on my birthday. I hate them. I hate them. I hate them.”
“Your mom isn’t dead, nor is she going to be,” Kevin said. “It was a pretty bad head injury, but with therapy, she will recover.” He tried to comfort me, but it wasn’t working.
“I hate birthdays, I said again.
As Kevin held me, I thought back to my dreadful 19th birthday. I had never gotten over Deidre dying. I just couldn’t believe I was at the hospital again on yet another birthday.
Even though Deidre had been dead for 12 years, I couldn’t let go of my friend. I didn’t know how to heal. It bothered Kevin a great deal that I hadn’t moved on. He had been her boyfriend and had moved on effortlessly.
“I realize that Deidre had meant the world to you, but, at some point, one must move on. You can’t live in the past forever.” He always told me this when I would cry over Deidre. I hated his insensitivity. Just because Deidre was gone didn’t mean her memories and how much she meant to me needed to leave. If I held onto my love for her, then a part of her would never die. 
Whenever I thought of her, I knew life would have been entirely different had Deidre not died. It was terrible how much I missed her.
Deidre’s death had cascaded many events in my life. Things had been hard when Deidre died. I lost my best friend; Kevin lost his girlfriend. 
Naturally, we had found solace in each other’s arms. -maybe too much solace. We believed in being married before one was intimate. But one night, the sorrow was deep, and the comfort soothed us.
I can still remember Kevin’s twin brother’s reaction when we announced we were pregnant.
“You got to be kidding me? What about your dreams, Kevin? What about your schooling? Are you going to throw it away on this tramp? We are supposed to go to school together. We had dreams together. How could you do this? Couldn’t you control your hormones? What about your religion? How dare you tarnish the Caldwell name?” Doug pointed his spindly finger at me, looking like a witch. “It’s that whore’s fault. I know she seduced you. She corrupted my virtuous twin.”
His words penetrated my feelings, like an AK47 filling me full of lead.
Doug paced back and forth, scratching his oval head full of brown hair like Kevin’s, but it was thicker and healthier than Kevin’s, probably because Doug took daily showers and cared about hygiene, something Kevin lacked. Doug expected Kevin to become a big-timer in a corporation somewhere prominent, maybe even vice president. How could Kevin do that with a new family to focus on? Would he be able to finish school? Those were all of Doug’s worries. Doug acted more like a mom than a brother.
Doug continued to slander me. “Sex outside of marriage is against our religion. What will our fellow church members think? Maybe you have no values, Stacey, but Kevin does, or did, until he met you. This whole situation reflects poorly on me because he is my twin, and whenever one of us sins, the other one still pays the price.”
I couldn’t look at Doug with his harsh and unforgiving words. I had never liked Doug. He seemed jealous of any of Kevin’s relationships. What did he want for his brother, to never marry so that they could stay best-twin friends?
“How far along are you?” Doug quizzed me. I wished Kevin would have stuck up for me, but he left me to my own. I disliked how Kevin backed down to his brother.
I said nothing in return. Doug didn’t deserve an answer from me, for if he wanted one, he should have talked to me nicer. It wasn’t just me that had committed this sin. Kevin was as much to blame, if not more so.
Kevin finally piped in, “We are about four weeks along.” He grabbed my hand.
Doug continued to pace, scheming something in his mind. His eyes widened, and he turned to Kevin. “We can organize a nice marriage at the club in two weeks. If we do it any later, then it will be hard to pull it off. Yeah, in two weeks you two will get married. People are always having early deliveries these days. We will just tell everyone it was a honeymoon, baby. And of course, you delivered early.” Doug exclaimed as he planned my future. He rubbed his oval face and clicked his teeth. For some reason, his teeth were better aligned than Kevin’s.
Before we told Doug, Kevin and I had discussed many options; marriage being one of them. We weren’t entirely sure that was the best route for us. At the time, I had seriously contemplated about putting the baby up for adoption. I wasn’t convinced either one of us was ready for a family.
Plus, I wanted to finish my degree.
Would I be able to with a new baby?
I doubted it.
“Barb will be able to print those invitations up for me by tomorrow. We don’t want to send them out any later than that. She owes me a favor. We will have to make sure the club is available in two weeks. 
Wow, there is just so much to do.”
Kevin hesitantly looked at me. We had only dated for a month. Were we ready for marriage? After all, we were only nineteen. Who got married at such a young age? Kevin also had a long college career ahead of him. Would he be able to do it supporting a wife and a child?
I resisted Doug’s marriage plans for Kevin and me, but he was forthright and pushed hard, not wanting his brother to look like he knocked up some girl, for it would reflect poorly on himself. I think the marriage was more about what was good for Doug than what was right for Kevin and me. Within two weeks, we found ourselves, husband and wife, with a child on the way. Even though Doug created our union, he was frigid and unpleasant toward me every step of the way. He had no mercy for his loose sister-in-law.
***
“Caldwell’s,” the doctor said. My mind returned to the hospital waiting room. I stood and walked to the doctor as we formally shook hands.
“We are going to put Julian into an intensive care unit for 24 hours. Unfortunately, at this time, she is unable to have visitors. You will be able to…”
“What do you mean she can’t have visitors? I need to see my mom.” I demanded.
Kevin grabbed my arm and pulled me back.
“I am sorry. Hospital policy.”
“What if she dies? I need to be with her. She can’t be alone.”
The doctor had no patience for me, most likely having things to do, but he could afford to give me three minutes, just three minutes. After all, we were paying him thousands of dollars.
“I can call someone to talk with you if you need it. I am sorry; you can’t go on the unit. I do have to get back to my patients.” The doctor turned and began walking away.
“Can you at least tell me if she is going to be ok?”
“We are not aware of the extent of the damage. We will know more in twenty-four hours.” The hurried doctor left.
Some birthday.


CHAPTER 3

 
"Stacey, you’re okay." Was I in trouble?
"Wake up," Kevin said, shaking me. I opened my eyes. My heart pounded as I tried to make sense of things in the dark room.
"You were having another nightmare," Kevin said. "I think you have had a nightmare every night for over a month now." He looked exhausted with his drooping eyes and eye bags. The alarm clock cast an eerie light on him. 3 am! Lately, neither one of us was getting a full night's sleep, and it was my fault. 
Each night, I relived Deidre’s or Mom’s death. In some dreams, they would be alive, and I would warn them to be careful. But ultimately, they would die in every dream. 
I needed to shake off my latest nightmare. "Can you believe Mom has been dead for half a year now, Kevin? I think my sanity is slipping. To say I am depressed understates the depths of despair I feel. Kevin, it's like an abyss of misery that sucks away my will to live."
It was hard for me to accept that Mom died two months after her stroke.
"You have been a bit sharp with us lately." He said, looking away. His words hurt. I was sharing my personal hell, and he was getting after me. Sure, my temper had shortened, but I couldn't help it.
My train of thought switched. "Do you think mom will forgive me? -Bless her soul." 
Kevin looked shocked as his forehead wrinkled. "For what?"
"For putting Dad in the nursing home. I tried to care for him, Kevin, I did." My voice tightened, and I couldn't stop the tears. I had failed my parents. Kevin looked at the clock and rubbed the back of his hand on his head. Now, I am failing my husband. He is exhausted, and it is because of me. I need him to listen, but he just wants to sleep. I have no one to carry my burdens.
"I am a failure." I cried.
"Look what you have done with this home," Kevin said. "You have a talent for remodeling it."
The only upside to everything was selling our junky trailer for $5000 and moving into Dad and Mom’s house. We used the money to renovate the retro interior of their home. 
"The kids love having their own bedrooms for the first time in their lives."
"So, I am still failing."
"You've managed to keep your position as PTA president. You help out in the church. I am proud of you."
His words didn't help. Despite having a better home, our ordinary, mundane life continued. We were still poor, but at least we lived in a better place. And I had nothing to show for my life, only extreme pain.
***
"Of course, I would run out of paint on a Sunday," I muttered. There would be no stores open. 
The black walls were coming along in Lil' Dee's room. She wanted a space theme, but I had run out of paint. It shouldn't have been a big deal, but it broke me. I slumped to the floor and bawled. 
Lil’ Dee came into the room and tried to comfort me. “What’s wrong, Mommy? Why are you crying?” She tenderly asked as she placed her arm over my shoulder.
I should have accepted her sweetness, but I was too self-absorbed, and I didn’t want to be bothered. “Please leave me alone,” I replied.
Lil’ Dee put her face close to my face, “Mommy, don’t cry. What’s wrong?” 
I lost it. “LEAVE ME ALONE!” I screamed. 
Lil’ Dee’s eyes immediately filled with tears. She ran crying out of the room.
I am worthless. I can't even be a good mom. -Putting myself down was my new norm.
"I don't want to yell at you, but I don't know how much more I can handle," I said to the empty walls.
I paced around the room, trying to block the guilt as I stuttered and muttered under my breath. I probably looked like a whack-job.
I needed a close friend, one who could help ease the pain.
Deidre could have been that friend. She could have carried me through Mom’s death. Why did she have to be killed so early in life? It was unfair. Deidre didn’t have a chance to enjoy life or to get married and be a mom. The drunk had stolen her from this world prematurely. 
He had stolen her from me. Oh, how I need her.
I picked up my paintbrushes and threw them against the wall. The wet paint in the bristles splattered against the mural I had painted.
“Aaagh,” I yelled. I wanted my best friend back. “Why did you take her? I needed her. I need her!” I tried to rub the paint splotches off the wall, but they smeared into a bigger mess of white and red.
“First my best friend, and now Mom. I can’t do it. I can’t be without them.”
I paced again. My head throbbed as pressure threatened to pop out my eyes.
I looked at the ceiling to make a deal with any higher power that could hear me. “Please bring my friend back. Please, why did you have to take her? She was too young to die. I need her to help me get through Mom’s death. I need Deidre in my life. Please make it so she never died. I would give anything to have her back.”
Since I couldn’t paint anymore for the day, I decided to clean up. As I reached down to pick up a pile of rags, a brown snake lurched at my hand with its fangs, only centimeters from piercing my skin. 
"Ahh!!" I jumped back.
Snakes had never frightened me, but the unexpected Asp shocked me. 
As I examined my un-bitten hand, I kept a close eye on the Asp. It had recoiled back into the rags. What was an Asp doing in Oregon?
I ran to the corner of the room and grabbed the paint roller's long handle, and cautiously walked toward the snake. Poking the wooden handle into the pile, I searched for the intruder. Suddenly, the Asp shot up and struck the handle.
"Ahh!!!" I screamed and dropped the stick. The snake looped around the bottom of the handle. My heart pounded as I picked up the paint roller and carried the dangling snake through the hall.
“Open the front door, open the front door!” I yelled as I walked into the family room. Lil’ Dee saw me coming and screamed in hysterics, dashing behind the couch to hide. Ben sat on the floor, putting a puzzle together. He looked up.
“Cool, can I hold it?” He asked.
“No,” I huffed. “It is poisonous. Please, open the front door now!”
Ben just looked at me.
“NOW!” I screamed.
The gravity of the situation set in. Ben opened the door. As I got closer, the snake crawled up the stick ever so close to my hand. 
Desperate, I ran toward the open door. The snake had almost reached my hand. I chucked the paint stick as far as I could across the yard. The Asp flew off. I slammed the door closed before the snake could slither back in.
“Holy cow, Mom. What kind of snake was that?”
I shook while I breathed heavily. “An Asp, I think, but it tried to bite me.”
“Where did you find it?”
“In Lil’ Dee’s room.”
Lil’ Dee screamed and jumped up on top of the couch. “I don’t want my room anymore,” she said as she held her chest.
I picked her up. My precious daughter wrapped her arms around me. “Don’t worry, sweetheart. It will be ok. There aren’t any more snakes in the house.” I tried to soothe her.
“How did it get in here?” Ben asked.
“It probably crawled inside when one of you left the door open."
Lil’ Dee clung even tighter to me. “Do you mean there are even more outside?” she asked.
“No, I don’t think those types of snakes live around here. It was probably someone’s pet that escaped.”
Lil’ Dee began to cry. I pulled her into the rocking chair, where I held her close and sang. In the middle of my singing, I said, “I am sorry I yelled at you earlier. I didn’t mean to. Mommy is just going through a lot right now.”
Lil’ Dee smiled up at me, “It’s ok, Mommy, I still love you.” Her innocence and forgiving nature melted my heart as I hugged her even tighter. My depression lifted a bit.
***
After the Asp incident, I worked nonstop at remodeling my parent’s home, almost three months straight. Keeping busy numbed my mind to the loss I felt deep in my gut. 
"I can tell you are trying to be kinder to everyone," Kevin had committed. I didn't feel nice, but I was trying.
Shortly after the home was finished, I sat on the sofa when my kids carried in the mail. Ben tossed it into my face as he ran to his bedroom. 
"Next time, hand it to me," I shouted. I took another swig of my lemonade and picked up the scattered letters. Bill, bill, bill, most were bills. When I held the last envelope, my heart sputtered. The handwriting looked familiar. In fact, it looked just like mine. 
I examined the letter addressed to Stacey Olson. Olson was my maiden name. Was someone playing a trick on me? I hesitantly examined it. Was there something scary in there like Anthrax? I paused a moment longer when reality set in. Who would send me a poisoned letter? I didn’t have any enemies. It was silly. I ripped open the envelope and took out the note, and held it in my hand.
***
Dear Stacey (me)
Hey future me, how’re things going? They are awesome here. Can you believe it is me? I am here right now in Mr. Rittle’s 10 grade English class talking to my future self. So self how are you doing? I am doing really well. Joe is my boyfriend. I love him I love him, I love him! We are going to get married as soon as I turn eighteen. Deidre is still my best friend. She is going to marry Mike. He is Joe’s best friend. We are going to buy a house in Newport, and all live together forever!
…Ok in order to get full credit for this assignment, I have to follow Mr. Rittle’s rubric:
1. When I grow up, I want to be a marine biologist.
2. I will never let drugs get in the way of my dreams
3. I live in Corvallis, Oregon, right now. When I grow up, I will live in Newport.
4. When I grow up, I am going to be a marine biologist and make lots and lots of money.
5. Science is my favorite subject.
6. Social studies SUCKS!
Mr. Rittle says you will get this letter in 15 years. 
So when you read this, you will be either 31 or 32. I can’t wait to see how you turn out.
Love,
Me, myself, and you.
 
                              P.S Hi! Stacey, this is Deidre, love you. See you in fifteen years. 

I stared at the letter. The memory of its existence flooded back to me. I could remember sitting in Mr. Rittle’s 10th grade English class when he gave us the assignment to write our future self. 
"I promise in fifteen years, I will send your letters to your current home addresses, hoping most of your parents will still be there to pass the letter onto you."
I reread the letter. When I reached the last line, a chill ran up my spine. There was Deidre’s handwriting. I could remember Deidre reading my letter and then signing it. Now, it felt like Deidre’s ghost visited me when I needed her most, wrapping her arms around me, saying she was there for me.
I reread the letter again, remembering the dreams I had fifteen years ago. I was so bright and full of optimism. The world laid out in front of me, and I naively believed I could be anything I wanted to be. How wrong I had been. Not one of my wishes had turned out. I wasn’t a marine biologist, nor did I marry Joe, thank goodness. He was a boyfriend I had for two weeks. I wasn’t living in Newport. The worst part, Deidre was dead. 
"I have failed at all my dreams."
"What, Mommy," Lil. Dee asked, looking up from her puzzle.
"Nothing," I snapped.
I needed to clear my head. A bike ride would release some pain.
As I peddled hard up and down the streets of Corvallis, a flood of emotions overtook me. As I traveled the curvy roads, my mood lightened. -Something about being outside. I smiled at all the trees, green and full. Everything smelt fresh from the earlier rainstorm.
I in-visioned my life as if the letter had come true, imaging myself in a successful career, surrounded by fine things and a lovely house. I would go to the ocean every day and love my life. 
I would be high in society, and everyone would look up to me. But, best of all, Deidre would live next door. I pushed harder on the pedals as the bitterness provided fuel to my rage. 
Tears streamed down my face.
“Why couldn’t one thing go right for me? Why must my life be such a failure?” I screamed as I coasted downhill with the wind lashing at my face.
“I would trade everything just to have the things in the letter come true. Please, why must my life be such a flop? I want the life I was meant to have.” I howled as I peddled. The clouds gathered overhead and cried with me.
The faster I rode, the more the raindrops stung. My wet clothes clung to me as the wind rushed past, chilling me to the bone. -Time to head home.
Tossing my road bike on the lawn, I ran to the door then froze with fear. There, blocking my door like a sentinel, the Asp dared me to enter. I stepped to the side as the snake lunged at my foot. 
"Ahhh! What is with you, snake?"
I jumped as my nerves tingled from almost being bit. How fast does one die from an Asp bite? I bet Oregon doesn't have anti-venom.
There was no way I would get past the snake, so instead of heading for the front door, I ran to the back of the house.
***
Life sucked. I became increasingly melancholy with the kids back in school.
"So get a job," Kevin had said to me. His offer enticed me, but I had no skills. I didn't want to flip burgers in my thirties.
What would my life have been like if I had become a marine biologist? Almost locking in an associate degree, I had stopped when I became pregnant with Ben. I had put my education on hold to assist Kevin with finishing his degree in accounting.
I could never balm the regret of leaving school.
I tried to find peace as I rested on the patio. At least I had a patio since I didn't have a porch in that stupid trailer. I shivered as the cool air bypassed my jacket, but I wanted to be there when the kids got home. 
What was it like to live in the desert and have dry air? I loved Oregon, but sometimes I tired of the cool humidity. I heard dry air didn't reach your bones. As I looked up the street, I finally saw the kids with Kara, the neighbor girl. All three skipped along the sidewalk, lost in their imaginations, happily making their way home. It would be nice to have such little cares again. I missed my childhood. 
The day had dragged on, and maybe the kids would bring me a distraction from the emptiness I felt. Excitedly, I jumped from my chair and went to the middle of the sidewalk, stretching out my arms. When my kids saw me, they ran straight into my arms—warmness filled my empty heart.
“Can we go now?” Ben asked. 
For the last few days, all he could think about was the festival we would attend. He jumped up and down with anticipation, and his adorable eyes brought a smile to my face. He was my little man!
“We are almost ready. Dad should be home any minute now.” I turned to the neighbor girl, “Kara, will you tell your mom we will be ready to go in fifteen minutes?” I ruffled the top of Kara’s head.
“Yippeeee!” Kara squealed as she ran next door. She couldn’t wait to go to the fair with her new best friends Ben and Lil’ Dee.
Twenty minutes later, Aleta, Kara’s mom, picked us up in her suburban. It would be fun to ride together. Aleta was a childhood friend of mine. We weren’t close, but we were friendly. She had lived in her house next to my parents her whole life. Her husband moved in after they married, and the two of them never left. Her dad had died, and Aleta was caring for her elderly mom.
Aleta's blond hair flowed in the wind from the open window as she drove. I bet she could have been a model if she had wanted to be, with her perfectly sculpted eyebrows and a face every man probably fell in love with. I envied her thin, athletic frame. I always felt fat and frumpy around her. I wasn’t fat, I was a size 10, but Aleta made me feel ugly. I know she didn’t mean to.
***
How would I have known the fair would change my life. My stomach grumbled as crispy Navajo tacos tempted me. That is what the fair is about, right?-Food. Churros, funnel cakes, and corn dogs all called my name, playing to my weakness for fried food. But, I couldn't settle, as I searched every food tent to buy the perfect treat, like an investigator searching for the ideal clue. Hordes of people crowded in all the open spaces, pushing into every side of me. My hand tightened around Lil' Dee's hand. If I lost her in this sea of bodies, I might never find her again. 
"Please let us go to the children’s stage," the kids begged, obviously tired of our somber pace. I remember being a kid. The fair was for running and excitement, not moseying.
Lil' Dee's hand slipped out of mine as she ran ahead. For some reason, I hated watching her go, even though I was happy to have some grown-up time with Aleta.
“Just look at those purses,” Aleta announced as she picked through a variety of top fashion bags. Anything she picked would look perfect on her. “Do I look important wearing this?” She asked me as she modeled the bag dangling by her side. She loved accessories.
“Oh yes,” I replied, uninterested in the handbags. Fancy clothing wasn’t my thing.
I strolled to the next exhibit featuring homemade jams and breads. Now there was merchandise that interested me.
“Mmmm, so good,” I said, finishing my jellied bread. I licked my hands clean, savoring the last drops of peach jelly.
“This is the first year that I have come to the fair without my parents,” I told Aleta as I sneakily swiped a second sample of bread. 
Thankfully no one noticed my greed. I might steal a third if I can.
“Every year since I was a baby, they took me here. I was tempted to bring Dad, but I didn’t want to be bothered with pushing his wheelchair all day. Was that selfish of me?”
“No, that was fine. Didn’t you say he has a poor memory anyway?”
“Dementia, yeah, you are probably right. He would most likely complain the whole time. Who needs that? However, I miss having Mom here because she would have loved it.”
“Your mom was a wonderful neighbor. We were sad when she had her stroke. I can’t believe how speedily she went." Aleta paused for reverence. "We were tickled when you guys moved in. Like I said, your parents were sure splendid neighbors.”
After viewing more displays, we wandered silently, both lost in thought. As we meandered, we unknowingly found ourselves drawn to the enchanting strumming of a guitar. The music lured us closer and closer, lulling us into a false feeling of euphoria. Tantalizing feelings of ecstasy delighted me. Unconsciously, we headed to a clearing of trees. There, the captivating music strummed from a maiden on a guitar. I lost my sense of judgment as the melody kept me spellbound.
My skin prickled as I gazed into the guitar player’s eyes. Oh, how they were wild and magnificent. The hue of the iris almost appeared purple. An unnatural flare glimmered out of them. I couldn’t tell what captivated me more, the guitar or the guitar player’s appearance; they both stunned me. Not only was the guitarist intoxicating to look at, but her voice had an addicting enticement. Her melody seized my entire soul and wouldn’t relinquish its grip. The guitarist's black hair cascaded past her waist like a waterfall, flowing in the breeze. The strands were profoundly unusual, with some sections resembling silk, while other locks appeared as if she hadn't brushed them in years, forming into ratty dreads.
The maiden had a honey-colored complexion with deep red lips. 
Her dress, a crimson sheer material, billowed around her body. Gold laced weaved within the translucent gown. Pointy magenta nails stretched off of her fingers.
With her gorgeous soprano, the lady reminded me of the sirens of Greek mythology—the siren's voices enchanting the sailors, hypnotizing them to dash their ships against the rocks. I found myself also bewitched by this modern-day siren. 
The siren held a Custom Rebels Precious Guitar; every inch reflected the sun from their genuine Swarovski Austrian Crystals. Each crystal radiated within its majestic color spectrum, and her movements caused the guitar to sparkle and shine. I saw a million rainbows.
The sound resonated in absolute brilliant pitch and tone as she produced challenging riffs. The player glanced up and said, “Stacey and Aleta. Have a seat.”
I shot Aleta a strange look. How did the siren know our names? My skin prickled. Aleta quizzically looked back at me with eyes full of questions. I suddenly felt weird. Maybe we had used our names as we walked over to the music? If this lady worked for tips, she was slick. We dropped to the damp grass in front of the mysterious woman. As she continued to strum out chords, a rush of energy flowed in me.
The guitarist's fingers glided back and forth without a mistake.
“My name is Asp. Do you like my music?”
I nodded.
Asp had several snake tattoos that wrapped over her arms. Her name fit her incredibly well. As she plucked the guitar, she took up singing again. I could have spent the rest of the day listening to her. I comfortably stretched out on the grass while a cool breeze tickled my arms. Contentment relaxed me, and I wanted to close my eyes to concentrate on the music, but I couldn’t. Asp had locked me in a gaze I couldn’t break. The vibration of the music aligned with my body's rhythm. The felicity carried me away. After Asp finished her song, Aleta suddenly snapped out of her trance. She no longer looked pleased but more forbearing, with her perfect skin wrinkled in concern. She must have felt uneasy because she hopped up and dropped a dollar in the Asp’s black guitar case.
“Thank you,” Aleta said as she swiftly reached for my hand. I was still spellbound and refused Aleta’s outstretched offer, having a connection with Asp I didn't want to break.
“Don’t leave yet. I love playing for an audience,” Asp said as she plucked at the strings.
“Thanks,” said Aleta. “But, we really should go find our families now.”
Determined, Aleta gripped me with her hand. She pulled me up, but before I fully stood, Asp’s hand snaked out and captured my other hand. What a contrast between the two hands. Aleta's smooth hand felt like they had never washed a dish in their life. Asp's hand felt scaley like reptile skin.
“I have a personal favorite of yours,” Asp said. I sent Aleta a look of defeat and plopped back down, happy to stay. I wanted Aleta to leave, so I turned my back to her and flashed a smile to Asp. Aleta just stood behind me. I could feel her stare penetrate my back.
“Maybe you should just walk home.” Aleta curtly said. Deep inside, I wanted to tell Aleta to get lost, but I held my tongue. To keep the peace, I stood up.
Asp smirked at Aleta as she picked up her guitar.
 
When I met you the world was bright and sunny.
When you left, the curtain fell.
I’d like to laugh, but nothing strikes me funny.
Now my world’s a faded pastel, oh well.
 
The song instantly tore at me, disrupting buried emotions and sending tears down my cheeks. 
Aleta seemed confused and uncomfortable as she watched my peculiar reaction. I couldn’t stop the emotional assault. I yearned to leave but felt trapped in the lair of the Asp. Asp finished the song and then knelt beside me and ran her fingers through my hair. Her touch tantalized me as her dress wisped around the two of us, generating an electric charge of immense power.
Embarrassed, I whispered, “I am sorry. That song makes me think of my deceased friend, and I played it over and over after she died. We were big fans of Steve Miller. We even went to the Steve Miller Band Concert when we were fourteen.” I rubbed my eyes with my fingers. Asp picked up her guitar and returned to singing, pleased at the effect she procured on me.
 
I guess I am luckier than some folks.
I’ve known the thrill of lovin’ you, lovin’ you…
 
Aleta pulled me up. The loss of my emotions made it easy for her to drag me away. I mouthed thank you and turned my back to Asp. As we walked, Asp called out.
“It doesn’t have to be this way.”
“Ignore her, Stace,” Aleta said.
“You don’t have to hurt anymore.”
Aleta gripped my arm and moved me rapidly away from Asp.
“I can bring Deidre back.”
I stopped cold. Had I heard Asp right? I turned and locked eyes with her. I felt numb.
“How do you know her name?”
Asp winked at me while she used her fingers to caress her guitar delicately.
“I asked you, how do you know her name?”
“I know everything, Stacey Olson Caldwell. I know all about your unquenchable, body aching woe; malaises that I can make go away.”
“What do you know about my heartache?” I asked, daring Asp to continue.
“I can behold it in your eyes, Stacey. You don’t have to miss her anymore. I can bring her back.”
My head tingled.
Aleta yanked on my arm. “Stace, let’s go now! This lady is a witch. You don’t want to mess with her.”
Angrily, I forced Aleta’s arm off me.
I couldn’t pull away from Asp’s words or her in-locking glare. Was it real, or was I in a dream? Countless nights I had dreams where Deidre wasn’t dead. Maybe this was one of them. I felt as if I was floating toward Asp, as if Asp was beguiling me, and there was nothing I could do about it.
Aleta captured my arm again.
“You are in a trance Stacey, snap out of it. This lady works for the devil. She is lying to you. Walk away.”
I pushed past Aleta for the second time and walked right up to Asp. “Bring her back then.” I challenged.
“Sometimes, the cost is not worth the price,” Asp warned.
“If you can really make Deidra Larson alive again, then I am willing to pay the price.”
Asp’s face grew grey as her lips coiled into a grin. A dark aura penetrated the area. The wind picked up violently and tossed everything around. “Stacey Caldwell, I can bring Deidre back, but I will warn you one last time, the cost is not always worth the price.” Asp’s hair lifted and soared next to her face. Her vibrant eyes transformed into black stones.
Aleta was bawling now, her makeup smeared around her eyes. She resigned from using force as she pleaded with me to turn away. The evil had control over me. Fully possessed, I held out my hand to Asp. 
“Make my friend alive.”
Asp’s unsmooth hand clutched mine, and immediately a sonic boom went off. The blast launched me on my bum. The shocking jolt snapped me out of my trance. 
Aleta pulled me up. I rubbed my ringing ears.
“Wow, that was loud,” I yelled as I had a difficult time hearing my voice. Aleta didn’t seem fazed by the explosion. She just smiled. I turned to see how Asp reacted to the blast. 
Asp was nowhere to be seen.
“Where did Asp go?” I asked Aleta.
“Who?” 
“You know, the guitar player.”
Aleta appeared lost to what I was talking about. “Must have missed her,” Aleta said.


CHAPTER 4


What had just happened? My right eye twitched as Aleta headed toward the children’s stage. I followed dumbfoundedly, needing to talk, but Aleta moved too fast.
She must be fuming at me. I had acted foolishly. I need to smooth things over with her.
“Are you mad at me? I was pretty stupid back there. I am sorry. I don’t know what came over me.” I apologized while catching my breath. I wasn't used to physical activity. Look at her, hardly affected at all by that speed walk. Aleta ran every morning while I ate breakfast pastries and sat on my butt. I could learn a little from her. I deeply inhaled to slow my breathing down. I think I might die.
Aleta busily watched the fair's commotion and barely responded with an, “It’s ok.” She briskly walked on.
Dang, I must have angered her.
On our way to the children’s stage, I saw Kevin buying a snow cone.
“Kevin, where are the kids?” I asked, casually biting his Tiger’s Blood snow cone. The ice refreshed me, something I needed after chasing Aleta. If Kevin didn’t watch it, I could have eaten the whole thing. Cold ice moved around my mouth and then slid down my throat, dropping my core temperature remarkably. For September, the day felt unusually hot. A chunk of red ice dripped onto my shirt, staining it. I rubbed at the stain, which only made it worse.
“I thought you had them,” Kevin responded, reclaiming his snow cone. Another chunk of ice slipped to the ground.
“Kevin, how could you leave them at the theater alone? Surely you see how busy this place is.” I stomped toward the stage.
Kevin and Aleta trailed behind me. Now I took the lead. There was no keeping up with the fury of a mother.
When I arrived at the children’s stage, I found the doors locked. A heaviness weighed my soul as panic built.
"Kevin, I don't see the children anywhere." My voice came out high and rushed.
Desperately, I scanned the area, blocked by the dense wall of people. -No sign of the kids. It felt impossible to spot three little bodies in a sea of people. Our kids could be anywhere.
I didn't like how unaffected Kevin acted, with his voice calm, almost like he was directing a backyard BBQ. “It’s okay, guys. We can find them. Let’s split up.”
You lost them. There is nothing okay.
We went in three different directions. My stomach twisted and turned as a wave of nausea threatened to push everything out of both ends. A million scenarios of my children's abduction played in my mind, and eventually, the fear caused me to puke in a bush. I had heard the stories of kidnappings and knew it could quickly happen here. Maybe it already had.
I always kept a close watch on my kids. How could Kevin let them disappear? How would I ever find them? If I didn’t find them, I would never forgive Kevin. It could already be too late. What if something terrible had happened to them? I swallowed the excess acid in my mouth as it burned back down my throat. I wrung my hands together, not knowing what to do. My body shook as I imagined someone had already kidnapped my kids. I rose out of the bush and saw Kevin coming toward me, his thin brown hair swaying in the breeze. He had Kara and a strange three-year-old in his hands. I wiped my face on my sleeve.
“It turns out that Kara had brought money and was buying her and Hailey cotton candy.” 
Kevin gave me a warm smile, flashing his teeth, which suddenly didn't look crooked. I didn't have time to wonder how they appeared straight.
“You can forgive me now," he said.
I did a wild 360° scoping the area for Ben and Lil’ Dee. Kevin peered at me with a puzzled expression.
“Kevin, where are our kids?” I made my tone excessively loud and angry.
“Baby, slow down. Can’t you see me holding Hailey?” 
Hailey was a pudgy toddler with rounded cheeks, bright and pink.
I flared my arms. “Don’t screw with me Kevin, Where are our kids?” The panic took over.
Kevin let go of the two kids and positioned his hand on my shoulders. “Stacey, calm down. I don’t understand you one bit. What has gotten into you?”
“No, Kevin, what has gotten into you? I don’t have time for your games. I have to find my kids, even if you don’t care.” I catapulted Kevin’s hand off of my shoulder and ran in the opposite direction from them.
I have to find my kids.
Aleta, off in the distance, squealed in delight seeing Kevin with Kara. While I ran from Kevin, Aleta ran toward him.
Kevin chased after me.
I know Kevin pushed himself because he was more out of shape than me, even though he was skinner than most men his age. As he got close, he clutched my arm and spun me around.
"Stop it!" I screamed so intensely that my throat went raw. Each minute without our kids meant lost chances of finding them.
“Honey, please sit down. You are scaring me. Things are all right. We found the kids. Just relax. I believe you need some water.” He said, laboring to catch his breath, wiping the sweat from his brow onto his sleeve. He stooped over wheezing, accustomed to sitting all day at his cushy accounting job. I also had a hard time breathing, but my fear pushed that aside.
I refused to sit.
Aleta towed Kara and Hailey toward us. “Kevin, please don’t stop me until I find our kids. I am heading to the security tent. We need an Amber Alert. We have to act soon before someone abducts them or gets too far with them. The first few hours are always the most critical with missing kids.” I said, gasping for air. I felt light-headed and hoped I wouldn't pass out.
Kevin stuck himself directly in my face. His breath smelt sweet, strangely not its usual rancid smell. “Listen, Stacey. We found the kids. Please, sit down. I will go and get you some water. I think that you have had too much sun.”
I glared at Aleta, Kara, and the unfamiliar three-year-old and then turned to Kevin. 
“Piss off, Kevin. I am going to find my kids.” I ran to the brown security tent and could scarcely breathe when I arrived there.
“You have got to help me,” I gulped air in-between words. “I can’t find my kids.”
A concerned guard came to my side. “Let us help you, ma’am.” He said. “Tell us their ages and some identifying features.”
“Ben…Ben, he is the oldest, Benjamin Kevin Caldwell. He is eleven, has sandy blond hair, is about this tall, and I think he was wearing a Spider-Man Tee shirt. Deidre Hailey Caldwell is about this tall. She is eight, she has curly strawberry blond hair, and she is wearing a pink shirt. Please, we are wasting time. We must find them.”
Kevin had joined us and piped in. “Officers, we are sorry to bother you. We found our children.” 
The guard's face softened as he looked relieved, probably not wishing to deal with a missing child profile.
“What?” I barked, observing Kara and the strange three-year-old heading towards us. 
There was still no sign of Ben or Lil’ Dee.
“My children are lost.” With disdain, I glared at Kevin. What is he up to?
Kevin pointed towards the kids, “Officers, that is Hailey, our daughter, and Kara is our friend’s daughter. I think Stacey is still a little shaken up from losing them for a moment.” Kevin tried to act composed.
The rage spilled out of me as I balled up my fists and repeatedly hit Kevin in his arm. 
“Why are you doing this?” I roared at him as I turned to the security guards. The blood rushed to my face. “Don’t listen to him. My children are gone!”
The Security guards looked confused. I’m sure they had no idea what to do. The head guard gripped his phone and called the police. “This matter is way beyond the minimum wage training that I have,” he said.
As Aleta approached, the three-year-old wailed, probably frightened of Aleta abducting her. The toddler ran to me, pushing to climb up my legs.
“Mommy...” She bawled.
I gazed into the eyes of the little girl. How baffling that those eyes were identical to Lil’ Dee’s. The toddler’s hair was black and short. I moved the strange child off my leg and pushed her away.
I didn’t know whom the child belonged to, nor did I care. Dejected, the three-year-old ran bawling into the arms of Kevin. He scooped her up and held her tight. I went to the head guard and demanded assistance. “Why is no one helping me?”
The guard rubbed his hand back and forth across his brown hair as he smacked loudly on his chewing gum. I want to rip that gum out of his mouth. “Lady, to tell you the truth, we are confused. The police will be here soon. They will know what to do.”
“Good, they better get here soon because I am going to sue all of you. Every single one of you, even you, Kevin.” I said, shoving my finger in Kevin’s, a face that didn't care that his children were gone.
It seemed like forever, but eventually, the police arrived. After telling them my side, I said, “I don’t know why Kevin and Aleta are playing these sick games. Maybe they are engaged in an affair with each other.”
Aleta swayed back and forth on her perfect body. Any guy would want her. She was a devout Christian who followed the Ten Commandments and would never cheat, but her actions hurt me, so I used slander to focus my anger on her.
“Why would Kevin hide his own kids?” The police officer asked.
I rolled my eyes at him. “Maybe,” I screamed back. “They are stashing them away so that they can run off with them tonight.”
Kevin acted embarrassed by me as he shuffled around and held his arm tightly. “Officers, I can’t explain what is going on, but we only have one daughter. Her name is Hailey May Caldwell, and I am holding her in my arms.” 
Hailey clung to Kevin, looking genuinely frightened. Her brown eyes reminded me of a sacred animal.
“Hailey May Caldwell?” I yelled. “Our daughter’s name is Deidre Hailey Caldwell, and she is eight – not three.”
Irate, I swore, hollered, and hit Kevin. Everything whirled in circles. Why would Kevin do this?
“Do you have any pictures of your kids? It would help us locate them in a timelier manner.” The police asked me. I plunged my hand into my tiny purse and removed my billfold. Strange, the purse looked nothing like the one I had come with. Opening up the billfold, I brought out my pictures. There were oodles of pictures of me, Kevin, and Hailey May. I had no pictures of Deidre Hailey or Benjamin Kevin.
“You know what, officer, this isn’t even my purse. I came with a humongous, purple leopard skin purse today. As you can see, this isn’t my purse.” This didn’t look good for my case. Rattled, I thrust the purse down.
The police picked the purse off the ground, brushing off several grass strands that clung to it. He investigated its contents.
“I am sorry, Stacey, this purse looks like it belongs to you. It has your credit cards in it, your id, and all these pictures of you and this darling little girl. Now, I suggest you sit while we get you a drink, and we figure things out.” 
The officer led me to a chair, but I refused to sit.
One of the officers silently leaned into Kevin’s frame, and I heard him ask, “Has she been drinking or taking drugs?”
“No,” Kevin firmly stated. He looked at me and then replied with less conviction. “At least I don’t think.”
I went unglued.
I slugged the officer in the belly.
“My kids are dead because of all of your incompetence! Can you live with that on your conscience for the rest of your life?” I screamed until it felt like my throat might bleed. “Just let me go so I can find them myself.”
Three police officers surrounded me and attempted to calm me. I couldn’t stop my actions. The fear controlled me, and I swung fiercely, scratching as many faces as I could. When the officers bounded my arms, I began kicking. My adrenalin surged at full force. My strength was unusually powerful as it took six people to constrain me. 
All the while, Hailey buried her head into Kevin’s bony shoulders. I fell apart in hysterics as an ambulance pulled up. The driver, a huge man, quietly walked over to me, reached through the commotion, and stuck a needle in my butt. The drugs surged through my veins as I crumbled into the officer’s arms.


CHAPTER 5


Terror entered. Where am I? What is going on? I scanned the room, confused about the setting or situation. 
It felt like someone had shoved cotton in my head, and I couldn't make sense of anything. As I focused on my body nicely tucked into bed, I ran my fingers along the edges of the green blanket. Deliriously, I looked around the room again. It could be a hospital room. The room had a bedside table within my arms reach, a chair in the corner, and industrial tile on the floor.
I flipped back the covers and examined myself. Have I been in a car accident? I swept my hands over my whole body. Everything was intact. -No broken skin, no misplaced bones. My head seemed lost in a cloud, and my mouth felt desert dry. I need water. An enormous thirst gripped me, with every cell in my body screaming for hydration.
I grabbed a mug from the table and, with unsteady hands, tried to drink. Struggling to keep my nerves steady, I spilled water onto the floor. Even so, I was able to get a decent drink. The icy water momentarily relieved the dryness in my throat but did little to relieve the sensation of cotton in my mouth. Quickly I downed 30 ounces of water.
Burp!
I rubbed water across my forehead. The coolness tingled my skin. Why was the heat turned up to two hundred degrees? Maybe this was hell.
Curious, my feet carried me to the bathroom even though I felt disconnected from them. I needed to see the scars on my face from whatever accident had brought me here. I couldn’t find any wounds on my body, so they must be on my face.
I gazed into the plexiglass at my reflection, my brown eyes questionably staring back at me. My round face appeared normal, with no visual abnormalities. If my body was fine, then why was I in a hospital? The odd thing was my hair used to be just above my shoulders. Surprisingly, it now went to my mid-back. I ran my fingers through the silky hair. I have coarse hair, not magazine shiny hair, yet there it was, seemingly perfect, even though I just got out of bed. Again, my fingers glided through such soft, long hair. Maybe I had been in a coma for six months. My head hurt. I needed to lie down. I gathered the blanket over my face and fell back to sleep.
I was bummed to still be in the hospital when I awoke. I wish I would have woken in my bed. Why isn't Kevin here? I might have been in a coma for so long that he had gotten tired of waiting for me. With my head a little clearer, I looked around the room again, searching for clues. Why was there no medical equipment in the room? If I had been in a coma, I would have an IV, and all sorts of equipment hooked to me. The small space reminded me of my dad’s room at the nursing home.
A movement in the hall caught my attention, and I noticed a lady's back in the doorway. I straightened up and cleared my throat. 
The figure turned toward me and bounded in with too much energy.
“Hello, Stacey Caldwell. My name is Summer Johnston. How do you feel?”
“Confused,” I weakly replied.
“Are you comfortable?”
“No, I’m not. I feel weird and thirsty, but most of all, I want to know why I am in a hospital bed?” I used my eyes to challenge the nurse but gave up, for aggression was too much effort.
“Stacey, can I get you a soda or juice?” Summer asked.
Was she evading my question? “Yes, I would like a Dr. Pepper, but even more than that, I want you to tell me why I am here,” I demanded with an edginess in my voice.
Summer came to my side and tucked the blankets tightly around my body. “Hang tight, Stacey, let me go get you that Dr. Pepper, and I will bring in Dr. Michael May.”
I grabbed Summer’s arm. My nails embedded into her flesh. “I didn’t ask for a doctor. I just want you to tell me WHAT I AM DOING HERE!”
“Stacey, I believe that Dr. May can explain things in a better manner than I can. I am just a tech.” Summer tugged at my hand, struggling to remove my firm clasp.
I hadn't meant to rip a chunk of her skin. Summer dashed toward the door.
Summer stepped outside into the hall but never really left, communicating with someone beyond my sight. She kept peering back to keep tabs on me. Dragging myself out of bed, I went to the chair in the corner. It matched the ugly pea-green bedspread. 
I let my body plop into it as I watched someone in the hall clean and bandaged Summer’s arm. They whispered among their selves. Finally, someone gave Summer the Dr. Pepper, where she cautiously delivered the beverage, keeping her distance from me, her aggressive patient. 
As I drank, the carbonation temporarily cleared my throat and dry mouth. The caffeine excited my nerves. Summer returned to standing outside the door.
After ten minutes, a man in his fifties walked in. He had gray/white hair that was a tad bit wispy. I appreciated his tremendous smile and kind eyes in the dismal place. He brightened my mood until I remembered I didn't want it brightened. I didn't belong there, wherever there was. He walked to me and reached out his hand.
“Stacey, I am Dr. Michael May. I understand that you are seeking answers. Can you tell me what you remember?”
“Doctor, I woke up in a hospital bed, and I have no idea why I am here.”
“Do you remember yesterday you and your family attended the Benton County Fall Festival? Can you tell me anything about yesterday?”
I felt like my brain had promptly snapped into place. The Fall Festival, everyone pretending that my kids didn’t exist. My stomach dropped. Was that all real? Maybe I had fallen off the marry-go-round and hit my head. During my coma, I could have dreamt all that crazy stuff about my kid’s annihilation. I glanced at Dr. May.
“I went to the Fall Festival with my family. Did I have an accident there?” I asked. 
Dr. May shook his head no. Since I hadn’t been in a coma, nervously, I asked about my kids. “My kids disappeared; was that real? Did they disappear? Did anyone find them?” The alarm resurfaced. Yesterday had been a living nightmare. I couldn’t handle being hauled through it again.
“Hailey was found without harm. She is okay and safely home with your husband.”
“I don’t have a Hailey! What about Ben and Deidre? Is anyone looking for them?’
“Who are Ben and Deidre?”
“Ben is my eleven-year-old son. Ben is eleven, and Deidre is eight.” The room spun, and my nervous system jump-started. My stomach ached, and the sweat dripped out of every pore. My heart banged against my chest, and I fought not to hurl. 
I couldn’t experience that nightmare again. I would have rather awoken from a coma than go through yesterday again. I didn’t want any more games. I yearned for my babies, and I wanted them now! I thrust my hand to my head and ran my fingers in my hair, hair that was somehow now long.
“Am I in the state hospital? Someone steals my children, and I get locked up in a state hospital!”
Dr. May sat stone-faced, listening to me. His once welcoming smile was gone. Apparently, no one planned to search for my kids.
Kevin must have convinced everyone that I was loony, but why would he do that? It just didn’t make sense. I had birth certificates. I just needed them to let me out, and I could prove I had two kids.
“You are not in the state hospital. You are at Samaritan Mental Health. We are a short-term facility to aid you in your relaxation while you figure things out.”
“I don’t need to relax. I need my children!” I picked up my empty water mug and hurled it across the room. “Aahhhhh!” I yelled as the mug cracked, hitting the rock-solid industrial tile. “I need my kids! Get me out of here so I can find my kids.” I spun around wildly, deciding the best way to get past the Doctor.
Dr. May remained composed. “My job is to guide you in solving your dilemmas. I can’t do that if you are throwing things. We can do this two ways. You can sit, and we can talk and figure things out, or we will have to sedate you again. I want you to find your kids. I want to help. Please, sit down, and we will go over the events of yesterday. Maybe you will be able to remember what commenced with your kids.”
Dr. May acted like he genuinely cared; regardless, I didn’t want to waste my time talking. I needed to get out there and rescue my kids. How many hours had already passed since they went missing? Dejectedly, being compliant was my only way out. 
If they sedate me again, I will lose more time. Again, I allowed my body to fall into the chair. Dust puffed out as my weight sunk in the cushion.
“Tell me about yesterday. What do you remember?”
“I remember my children disappearing and no one caring. I remember my husband lying to me, and I remember no one believing me.”
“Why do you think your husband would lie to you?”
“I don’t know. It sounds silly, but maybe he is having an affair with Aleta. Maybe they stashed the kids and are now running with them as we speak.”
“Why do you think Kevin would run away with his own kids?”
“Sex makes people do stupid things.” I relaxed a little. I appreciated how Dr. May was not insinuating that I was crazy. Maybe he believed me and would assist me in finding my kids.
“When did you last see Ben and Deidre?”
“I saw them last when Kevin took them toward the children’s stage.”
“Why did you leave them?”
“Kevin told Aleta and me to. Maybe that was so he could hide them somewhere.”
“What was the time frame that you were away from them?”
I sunk deeper into the chair while I formulated the time frame. Suddenly I bolted up as if there was an electric current under my chair zapping me.
“The devil lady!”
I shrieked. “The devil lady… I can’t believe it; it happened. No, it couldn’t have happened. There is no way that it could have happened. But it did. But, there is no way that it could.”
I frantically paced the edges of the cold room as my hands flew wildly around my head. I had a new hypothesis about my children. The strange direction was too incredible to be the right one, and yet it was the only thing that made sense.
“She did it. She forced my kids to disappear. She warned me. That’s not fair; she never said anything about trading my children. Holy cow, how do I undo this? What did I do? What did I do?” Breathing heavily, I leaned over the corner of the bedside table.
“Stacey, you need to tell me what is going on? Did you figure out what resulted with your kids?”
I went to the doctor and griped his blue dress shirt and jerked on it. I was scared and could not control the anxiety flooding my body.
“I think I made a deal with the devil.”


CHAPTER 6


The devil had hexed me. 
"Asp held magical powers over me, promising to bring my dead friend Deidre back to life. At the time, I didn’t believe Asp; however, somewhere deep inside, I had hoped she could do it." I rubbed my eyes. Dr. May looked bored, and yet, this was the climax of my hell.
I continued, “I didn’t believe that she could. I didn’t know her warning was serious.”
“You think that this guitar player changed your past?”
I sat. I hadn’t thought about it like that. Had my past changed? Did Asp stick me on a different timeline? In the new timeline, were my children not born? Did I have an entirely different daughter? I mused about Hailey May. How could that be my daughter? I had no emotions or attachment to her. Did little Hailey replace my own perfect children? Were they the cost to bring Deidre back? I flew out of my chair and peered out the door.
Does this mean Deidre is alive?
The very thought enraptured me as my fingers tingled.
Was Deidre living as she had been in numerous dreams? Amidst the torture, an unimaginable thrill forced my heart to pound. Could my best friend be alive? The joy swiftly turned sour as I recollected my angelic children.
“Doctor, what do I do? I can’t sell my children to the devil. I need them back. How do I undo what I did?”
“The reality is, you are married to Kevin, and you have one daughter. You have to decide what you will do with this information. 
You can make the most of it and live your life loving a family that clearly loves you. Or, you can hold on to the idea of having non-living children and lose the family you have.”
“You want me to pretend that Ben and Deidre don’t exist?”
“I never said that. I told you, you can choose to live in reality, or you can hold on to Ben and Deidre and close out life.”
“Same thing.”
“No, it’s not. It’s entirely unrelated.”
Carefully listening, I tried to understand the doctor’s advice, but it only angered me. 
I paced again madly. I had to fix it; I had to scare up the devil lady. I couldn’t just accept that my kids didn’t exist.
“I want to give you some medicine that will calm you down.”
“I don’t want a sedative.”
“It’s not. It’s an anti-psychotic medication.”
“I am not psychotic! This is real. My children are real. The devil lady is real. This is real, and no pill you give me will change my hell.”
“I am not here to change your hell. I believe that your situation is highly tangible to you. All Geodon will do is to open things up so you will think more clearly. You could use that to guide your decisions on what you want to do next.”
***
I wasn’t inclined to sit by any of the ‘crazies.' Don't group me on the same level as them. I held my tray of food and wished for a secluded spot to eat. I'm not mental. Maybe the patients weren’t lunatics either. Never had I placed credit in voodoo, black magic, or witchcraft. Now I knew dark powers were real. Maybe everyone is here because of black magic. A chill ran up my spine, and I shuddered. Whenever anyone came out as a witness to witchcraft, did they get shut up in an institution?
Maybe we were alike. Who knew? Perhaps the devil had stolen their lives as well.
Pinpointing a secluded corner of one of the tables, I took a seat. I forked my food on the plate. Usually, I had a hearty appetite, a real passion for food. But, I couldn’t bring myself to eat. 
On my way back to my room, I spotted a visitor leaving through the locked doors. This is my chance. My fight-or-flight emotions revved up as I bolted to slip through the open door. As the guy saw me running toward him, he tried to close the door, but I grabbed it, and I fought him to leave. The man stronger than me had almost closed the door when I bit his hand. 
"What the!" He yelled out in pain, and several workers charged at me.
***
What had they injected into me? I couldn't stay awake, and I struggled to control my muscles. The room spun, creating a kaleidoscope of colors as warm drool ran down my chin, forming a waterfall of saliva that dripped onto my collar. My wet shirt clung to my chest, and I kept trying to remove my shirt but would get lost in the material.
“Stacey,” the voice rang in an echo that seemed to travel around the world. “Stacey, wake up. You have a visitor.”
A call beckoned me from somewhere in the distance. I waded through a haze of incoherence, chasing the sound through a labyrinth of fog and fear, always on the verge of touching the voice but never close enough.
Something stiff and scratchy rubbed against my chin. My eyes opened.
Kevin!
He soaked up my drool with a cloth.
How nice of him, what a guy!
Heavily, my eyes shut.
“Stacey, wake up, sweetheart. They are only giving me ten minutes with you. Please wake up.”
My eyes fluttered back and forth. I wanted to open them, but they felt plastered closed.
“Stacey, wake up. It’s me, Kevin. I am here for you. Please wake up.”
My body slipped from its position as I further slid in my chair. Kevin tried to reposition me as he continued to talk to me.
All too soon, a man approached. “Mr. Caldwell, I am sorry, visiting hours are over.” The tech said.
“Could it already be ten minutes?” Kevin asked.
“Actually, it’s been twenty. You need to go now.” The tech replied.
I pried my eyes open and saw Kevin looking at me while more drool slipped out of the corner of my mouth. My head flopped forward, and my left arm twitched.
“All right,” Kevin responded. “At least help me carry her to the bed. We can’t leave her like this.”
The tech shuffled back and forth on his feet. “I'm a little worried about lifting dead weight. I was trained in holds and restraints, not in transfers.”
Kevin altered his voice to one of a commanding nature, one he often used on the kids.
“Listen, we are not going to leave my wife in this chair. You will help me move her.”
United, Kevin, and the tech lugged me toward the bed. The tech lost his grip on the way there, and with a thud, my head whacked the hard tiled floor. At least I couldn't feel it.
“Careful!” Kevin barked. He helped the tech lift me up again and hoisted me into my bed.
Kevin tucked the scratchy blanket around me. Later I would see a red bruise on my forehead from when they dropped me. Kevin gave it a gentle kiss, said a prayer, and left me alone.


CHAPTER 7


I should stop punching the door. The only thing I get out of it is more injuries. The new cut stung as blood dribbled down my arm. My left finger traced the multiple stages of healing on my right knuckle.
I paced back and forth, adding at least 500,000 steps to my step count. When I couldn't walk another step, I pounded the door again, reopening all wounds.
“I am going to sue you guys. I am going to sue all of you. How dare you guys cage me in like an animal. HOW DARE YOU! I have done nothing wrong. Someone steals my children, and you guys imprison me. That is rich. That is rich. I won’t stand for this. LET ME OUT!”
I kicked the heavy steel door, smashing my toe. That was stupid. All my penned-up fear and anxiety unleashed as I attacked the door, the only thing in the room.
Blood smeared the door, and a little dripped to the floor. I smudged it around like finger paint, making a picture of a frown.
“I want to speak to the doctor. Where is Dr. May? I want the doctor. I want my lawyer. I have the right to a lawyer. What about my Miranda rights?”
I used my toes and created zig-zags out of the blood, then dropped to the floor and howled. "My babies. I will never see them again. The devil-lady stole them. SHE STOLE THEM. Let me out so I can get to the fair and get my babies back!" I curled in the fetal position and rocked back and forth.
Madness grabbed me, much like the venom from a black widow bite traveling to my heart. The venom of isolation and desperation turned me crazy as I flew around the room like a tornado for several hours until exhaustion hit.
I fell asleep on the unforgiving floor. They could have at least given me a blanket.
***
The door pushed into my side, waking me up.
There stood Dr. May. “Thank you for calming down, Mrs. Caldwell. If you are willing to stay calm and sign a contract, I would love for you to come out and have breakfast.”
Almost simultaneously, my stomach pained me. My hunger growled to let me know it wanted food. Had a full day passed? The drug-fog, that had clouded my thinking, seemed lifted. I had more control over my emotions instead of them controlling me. I studied Dr. May. I need to get out of this center-block cage. As Dr. May pulled me from the floor, I saw Kevin standing behind him.
I pushed Dr. May’s hand away and shuffled to the corner of the room. Angrily I turned and pointed my blood-crusted finger toward Kevin.
“I do not want to see him,” I snarled. My hand throbbed
Dr. May scratched his head as he turned to Kevin.
“You don’t want to see me?” Kevin asked. Dejection formed on his frowning face. 
I pulled my arms over my chest in defiance. “Tell him to leave now and not come back until he is willing to take me home. He put me here, and for that, I HATE him. I will only forgive him when he takes me home.”
“Sweetheart, I didn’t…” Kevin tried to communicate from behind the safety of the doctor. Does my husband fear me?
“Aghhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!” I screamed, charging toward the men. My fury returned, controlling every part of me. Dr. May promptly dashed behind the door and locked it.
I slammed my head into the wall and hissed like a hyena.
“I am sorry, Mr. Caldwell. Why don’t we go to my office and talk?” I heard Dr. May say on the other side of the door, the side where my freedom awaited.
***
Dinner time rolled around, and my hunger threatened to eat my body from the inside out. My fingers and toes had turned white beneath the dry blood from the numbing cold. Why didn't they provide heat to their prisoners? My teeth chattered as I rubbed my arms to warm them. I calmed down in hopes of dinner and returning to my room. The drab room would feel like a suite compared to the sterile holding cell. Dr. May returned, and I agreed to remain civilized, and I even signed his stupid contract.
I ate alone in the cafeteria, reflecting on my situation. My anger was getting me nowhere. It was hurting my chances of ever departing.
I needed to leave to change the sands of time. I better play by their rules. I would attend their stupid groups and make my counseling sessions with the doctor, jumping through whatever hoop they placed in front of me. I didn’t know if the outside world held anything for me without my kids in it. I wasn’t sure I preferred living without Ben and Lil’ Dee; however, I was ready to leave the institution.
***
Trying to play all of my cards right, I went to the group meetings. I found they even refreshed me a bit. No one treated me like a crazy since they all had weirder problems than my own, plus a few members even cried with me. I liked that. Maybe I preferred the company of someone with a mental disorder compared to sane people who judged me.
Although Kevin visited twice a week, I refused his visits. I still felt betrayed by him. If Ben and Lil’ Dee were never part of his life, I had no right to be mad at him; however, I still found myself hating him for putting me in Good Samaritan. He made me look like a fool at the festival. Most of all, I was hurt that Kevin didn’t believe me.
After a week of progress, they released me. The doctor gave me a prescription for Geodon and told me that I had to meet with a therapist weekly.
Kevin arrived at Samaritan Mental Health with a taut smile and a bouquet of mylar balloons in one hand and a vase of roses in another. Today is the day! His smile became more natural as he threw his arms around my shoulders and gave me a big hug. The embrace filled me with warmth and comfort, something I hadn't experienced since my life flipped upside down. Maybe I should forgive him. I needed Kevin to pull me through this.
I had leaned heavily on Kevin in the past. Now, I needed him more than ever. Thankfully, Kevin didn't bring anyone with him to pick me up during such an embarrassing time for me.
Outside, Kevin assisted me into a teal 2010 Mercedes-Benz E350. I had never ridden in such a luxurious car before. I climbed in the passenger seat with caution, not wanting to soil it. After inspecting the vehicle, I noticed how clean the interior was. Our cars perpetually had ground-in crumbs from the children. We would have to kick aside the collection of happy meal bags stuffed everywhere. The upholstery permanently felt sticky from spilled sodas. We hadn’t done the best job in keeping our car’s interiors tidy.
Was the Mercedes a rental or a lease?
It was too spotless to belong to us.
We rode in uncomfortable silence. Kevin seemed afraid to talk to me, which I didn't mind since I had nothing to say to him. I hadn't forgiven him for putting me in a crazy home.
After a short drive, Kevin pulled into our home on Adam’s Avenue. I noticed a for-sale sign in the yard. Was he selling my parent’s house? I didn’t wish to talk about it, so I didn’t ask. He came to my door and opened it. Taking the lead, he guided me into the dark and dismal inside. He turned on the light, and my stomach dropped. Everything looked like it had after we moved Dad out.
I had spent months selling Mom’s outdated furniture and replacing it with new pieces. We had redone the flooring, and I had painted every wall in there. Now, I felt like I stood right back at the beginning with everything the original way my parents had left it. 
This tripped me out more than Good Samaritan's drugs.
I felt weary.
“Where is all my stuff? Why are mom’s things back in the house?” I asked Kevin, quizzing him as an FBI agent would.
“Uh, this is where her things are kept.”
Why was Kevin acting so stupidly? “Kevin, why is our house full of my mom’s old crap. Did we not sell all her junky furniture?”
He wiped his hand across his brow. “We are planning on selling all of Mom and Dad’s things, but we just haven’t had enough time to move much out yet.”
I turned to Kevin.
“How long have we been here?”
“Off and on,” Kevin replied as he turned on all the lights. “We have been here just long enough to settle your Dad’s affairs. You sometimes come here by yourself.”
It tired me to think about remodeling the house all over again. I lacked any desire to redo it.
“Don’t worry, sweetie; we aren’t going to worry about it right now. I just stopped here to pick up a few things on our way home.
You can go sit in the car if this stresses you. I will be quick.”
My eyes widened. 
“Is this not our home?”
Kevin squeezed my hand and caressed it. “Oh, sweetie,” he nervously chuckled. “You thought that we lived in this dump? No, we don’t.”
“You mean we still live in that trashy trailer?” Darkness enshrouded me. I couldn’t imagine the idea of returning to our vermin-filled home.
“No, no, no. Our home is nothing close to a trailer. We have an extremely nice house in Newport. Can’t you recall our house?” Kevin's forehead wrinkled as he looked into my eyes.
Newport!
This ain't real. I love Newport. It had been our dream to live in Newport. We hadn’t because the homes were way too expensive there. After Mom died, it was a blessing to move into my parent’s Corvallis home. Can we really afford Newport? My face transformed into a smile.
“I love Newport.” I declared.
“Well then, let’s not waste any time getting home.”
 
 
CHAPTER 8


This can't be real? Even I don't dream this big. Kevin turned into the steepest driveway I had ever seen.
Uhh! My breathing stopped.
Reigning at the driveway's top, a yellow two-story villa with a blue-tiled roof stood in splendid glory. Both levels had wrap-around porches decked out with Adirondack chairs, a professional BBQ grill, and outdoor tables. Giant vines crawled up the exterior of the home, giving it a serene feel. The lower part of the villa had a three-car garage.
An ocean breeze passed through the car's open windows. I inhaled the salty air and smiled.
The landscaping consisted of flowers, bushes, and trees. Moss blanketed the tree's bark and dangled from the branches. The property towered over the beach, sitting on a small cliff-face. Behind the home, the ocean roared in splendor. I turned to Kevin and asked, “What do you do for a living?”
“I work at Hewlett Packer.”
I noticed Kevin's hair wasn’t greasy. In fact, it was fluffy and styled. That's weird. A good weird because I hated his hygiene. I continued the conversation. “You mean you commute to Corvallis every day?”
“Sure, I do it so you can live here. Plus, this way, you don’t have to commute.”
“You mean I have a job?” I had mastered myself as a stay-at-home mom. Did I have employable skills?
Kevin laughed. His bright white teeth flashed at me. Had he whitened them? But even more shocking, was they weren’t crooked anymore. He must have straightened his teeth as well. Kevin looked good with his fancy smile and clean hair. I almost felt a spark of attraction one would have for a crush. “I wouldn’t call it a job. Stacey, you have a career. You are a marine biologist, and you are running three grants right now. You may not remember it, but we live a pretty remarkable life. I am not sure why you have blocked this entirely out, but it is worth remembering.”
Kevin parked in the garage and didn't move. He jiggled the dangling keys from the ignition as he considered his words.
I remained dumbfounded as I twisted my hands back and forth in each other. My life whirled in a pandemonium over the last few weeks.
In this new reality, nothing reflected my old life. It all had changed to unknown and foreign. Up to this point, the deal with the devil had made everything dreadful. Suddenly, I saw the tables turning, and life flipped to the extreme opposite.
What Kevin said felt unreal. How can we live in such a luxury house? The home was unobtainable even by my wildest dreams. And the whole idea about me having a career, I hardly dared believe Kevin that I was a marine biologist. I had fantasized about working with marine life since my childhood.
I had spent the last ten years coming to terms with the fact that my life was mediocre and would never go beyond that.
Now, Kevin told me that my dreams were for the taking.
“Kevin, is this really ours?”
He gave me a huge kiss on my lips, “Of course, dear.”
As I undid my seat belt, Kevin reached over to me.
“I’m not ready for you to get out just yet. We need to talk.” He rubbed his chin as his eyes darted back and forth. “I don’t know what you are feeling or even how to help you. However, I do need you to do a favor for me.”
I looked back at Kevin. I had entered fantasy land and felt a little more agreeable. “Sure, what is it?”
Kevin picked at a loose leather string on the steering wheel. “Stacey, I um... I realize that you have confusion about our past.
I know that you still believe you have two other kids.” All the solace drained off me. Kevin continued. “Anyway, I know that you don’t regard Hailey as your daughter. However, Stacey, she sees you as her mother. You scared her and deeply wounded her. The only mom that she loves and knows is now claiming not to be her mother.
"And on top of that, she saw you loaded into an ambulance. Hailey has been going through a lot… We all have.” Kevin grabbed my head and forced me to look at him. 
“She adores you. Please, even if you don’t remember her, try to. She needs to know that her mom still loves her.”
I pulled my head from him. I hadn’t considered how Hailey must have felt, nor did I care. I stayed in my seat. Suddenly, I lacked the desire to tour the inside of my dream home. I didn’t want the charade of loving Hailey. Ben and Lil' Dee needed me to stay loyal to them.
As I rested there, the side door into the house opened. Doug poked his head into the garage. He flashed a caring smile. I rolled back deeper into my seat as I turned to Kevin.
“What is he doing here?”
“Well, honey, he was watching Hailey for us. Plus, he is worried about you. He hoped to be here to assist you in any way you needed.”
“Pu-leeeeeeeease. Your brother hates me. If he is here, then it’s just to belittle me.”
Kevin's mouth gaped open as if I had wounded him. “My brother adores you. He always has.”
I covered my lips so Doug couldn’t read them. “Your brother thinks I’m a tramp and always has.”
“Why would my brother think that you are a tramp? As I said, he adores you, and you guys are close. Plus, you mean a lot to him.”
“That sounds weird. You are okay with me meaning a lot to another man?”
“Why would you even say it like that? He is family, and you were there for him when Cami died.”
“Cami, who is Cami?”
“Doug’s wife. She died, oh Stacey, you don’t even remember this? This was a hard time for our family, especially since you and Cami were best friends.”
“Doug was married? I can’t imagine anyone wanting to marry Doug.”
“Wow, that hurts. Doug and I are exactly alike, so if Doug is way below your standards, what do you think of me?”
“Doug is nothing like you.”
“Yeah, I guess you are a little right there but don’t forget, he is my brother, and I don’t want to hear you slander him. Besides, why would you? He has been nothing but good to us.”
“How did Cami die?”
“She died in childbirth.”
“Oh,” I said softly. That was sad. “How long ago?”
“She died a month after Hailey was born. You two were pregnant together. You ladies had so much fun being all sick and demanding of us. You both sent Doug and me through loops trying to please you two and bring you comfort. I think you tormented us on purpose.”
“Did the baby die?”
“Yup, baby and mother died. That is why Hailey is so important to Doug. She would have been the same age as his daughter. With all our family living out of state, we are all the Doug has. We mean the world to him.”
I couldn’t discern if Kevin spoke the truth or not. I could only reflect on the shameful way Doug had treated me over the years. It took an imagination that I didn’t have to think of Doug and me having an amicable relationship. It took even more musing to believe we were close.
I peered up at Doug and concluded it was time to face the music. Whatever tune it might be.
***
I walked through the garage door into the house. Doug wrapped his arms around me, his bones digging into my side as he gave me a tight squeeze.
The hug felt genuine. I couldn’t recall Doug ever hugging me.
“It is so nice to have you home," he declared, his tenor voice sounding just like Kevin’s.
Just as we ended our embrace, I heard. “Mommy!”
Hailey flew across the kitchen and dove into my arms, her messy hair flying everywhere. She held firmly to me with a grip making me wonder if she would let go. She hugged me for three minutes, and I felt restless, wanting the hug to end. Gently I pried Hailey away. As I broke the hug, Hailey replaced it with a shower of kisses. Her breath smelt like peanut butter, and her thick lips left behind sticky jam on my cheek. I needed to redirect Hailey’s attention to something else.
“Hi, sweetheart, what have you been doing?” That did the trick. Hailey bounced out of my arms and grabbed a card for me in her plump fingers.
“Look, Mom, I make you a card.” Hailey handed it to me, getting jam and peanut butter all over it. The drawings resembled chicken scratch, and I could care less, but I pretended to appreciate it. I didn’t want to hurt her feelings. I just needed her to leave me alone.
“Look, Stacey, Hailey has been busy decorating the house for you,” Doug said as he directed my attention to the paper streamers hanging from the ceiling. Tape held up the balloons and cut-out animals. A jumbo ‘Welcome home mommy’ banner stuck to the wall, decorated by prints of Hailey’s hands.
"Thanks." I patted her on the head. She stretched her arms up to me. Someone should wash her messy hands first. I walked past her, pretending not to notice. I had enough interaction with her. I was done. I've never been one of those women who adores little kids. I loved my own, but that was about it. Now, this chunky tiny tot was begging for my love, and I had none to give.
Instead, I found myself curious about what my dream home looked like. I gazed past the child’s drawings and saw my kitchen. It was a dream.
The kitchen resembled something out of a magazine, decorated in blue and white porcelain. The smell of lemons danced in my nose. The amount of cupboards borderlined insanity. Who needs so much space? The stainless-steel appliances sparkled without one fingerprint. There didn’t appear to be a dirty dish anywhere or a crumb on the floor. I could fit five cooks in here at once, and no one would get in each other’s way.
I couldn't wait to use the kitchen. Hailey giggled out loud with her misaligned teeth. She probably thought I was smiling at her banner. She did a spunky dance in the middle of the room.
I kissed Kevin’s moist lips. I don’t recall him ever having wet lips before. They were usually dry and cracked. “Oh, Honey, is this kitchen really ours?”
Kevin frowned but stayed silent.
After I explored the kitchen, I went into the dining room. As I inspected the crystal place settings, I could hear Doug and Kevin back in the kitchen.
“You had told me how Stacey had freaked out at the festival. I knew she was a little confused about her kid. But, I didn’t realize Stacey had no idea about her life.”
“Yeah, I was hoping once we got her home, things would click back into place.”
“What did they tell you happened, exactly? She acts like she has amnesia or something.”
“I don’t know. Things are going to be pretty rough for a while.”
“Don’t worry, bro,” Doug said. “I will stick around and help. You can count on me.”
I didn't need to hear that.


CHAPTER 9


My mind raced like the speed of light. -so much adrenaline buzzing my nerves from the tour of my home. The finest quality decor adorned each room. The estate housed six huge bedrooms, a massive game room, a stately great room, an elegant parlor, a cozy theater room, and five themed bathrooms. Outside on the west of the balcony, a built-in tiled Jacuzzi tantalized me. I imagined gazing over the ocean, soaking in the bubbly water of the Jacuzzi.
The master bedroom equaled the luxury of the kitchen.
"800 square feet," Kevin informed of its size. I am pretty sure our junky trailer was only 700 square feet. The centerpiece to the bedroom was its giant eastern king-sized bed with its 6.5-foot wooden posts. The bed looked like it belonged in a castle with its elegant, gold enlaced bedroom set. I pictured myself snuggled in bed watching the 90-inch Panasonic plasma. 
The equally impressive master bathroom coequaled in size and luxury as the bedroom.
During the tour, Hailey grew restless with my lack of attention to her.
When I wouldn’t respond to every stupid noise she made, she bawled or threw herself onto the floor, rolling her body everywhere, looking like a plump bulldog.
“What is going on?” Doug asked Hailey. He kneeled next to her and talked with a soft voice. Did he really like me in this timeline?
She pushed Doug away. “I want Mommy.”
I just shrugged. 
I didn’t care. I didn’t want her. She wasn’t my child, and I had no connection to her.
When I didn’t reach down for her, she ran and climbed into the tub. While she sat in it, she soiled her pants.
“What is that smell?” Kevin asked, turning to Hailey. He covered his nose with his hand. His face contorted into a frown at the rank smell.
“Did you poop your pants?” He asked. 
Hailey just glared at him with her brown eyes.
“Oh, Hailey, why would you use the tub as your toilet when the toilet is sitting right here?” 
He reached his arms out to Hailey. “Hop out, Hon. We will clean you up.”
Defiantly, Hailey scooted to the back of the tub. She stuck out her tongue.
“No! I want MOMMY to change me. Don’t touch me. I WANT MOMMY!” Hailey resisted her dad the best she could.
Kevin turned to me and shrugged. I noticed the slight definition of his biceps. He always reminded me of a fragile twig, in danger of snapping at any minute, but that looked like a muscle. Did he work out?
Kevin flared his arm toward Hailey, giving me a chance to assist and be there for his daughter. Instead, I shuffled away from the tub. I had no desire to balm the screaming toddler.
“I’m sorry. I can’t just stand here and watch this anymore. What is with you, Stacey? Your daughter wants you, and you treat her like she is the plague.” Doug said. His eyes narrowed, and his face twisted to disappointment.
His words angered me. “Then leave. This doesn’t concern you. Our marriage is not your concern.” I shouted.
“Your marriage? I am talking about my niece here, and yes, she most certainly concerns me.”
Hailey wailed louder while snot ran down her face. Doug opened his lanky arms toward Hailey, giving me one last chance to help. 
When I did nothing, he reached down and grabbed her.
“Let me go, let me go! I hate Uncle Doug. I hate Uncle Doug. Let me go!” 
Hailey screeched while she scratched and hit Doug. “I want my mommy!”
After snatching her, Doug paused in front of me and let out a huge sigh. He stomped out of the bathroom dragging Hailey with him, saying, “I never!”
Kevin turned to me. I avoided his brown eyes. “I don’t know what to do,” he said.
I couldn’t take his disapproval, so I aimed the argument at Doug. “See, I told you that your brother hates me."
“Stacey,” Kevin said as he breathed in deeply. His breath didn’t stink. I had stopped kissing Kevin later in our marriage because I couldn’t stand his breath, but now, it smelt like nothing. “I don’t know what you are going through. I can tell you that Hailey needs you. All she wants is her mother. Can you please try to be a mother to her?”
I continued to avoid looking at him; instead, I glanced at the skylights as light radiated on my face.
“I was nice to Hailey. I smiled at her, and I often touched her.”
“You barely touched her, and she can see past your smile. She needs you to hold her and caress her. She needs her mom.” He scratched his arm and walked toward me.
“You’re mad at me because I didn’t clean off her poop?” I said as I backed two steps from him. “Seriously, I just got out of the hospital, and you already want me to rush in and be your little maid. Give me time to heal.”
“It’s beyond that; it’s not about changing her at all. She pooped because she wants your attention. I’m just asking you to notice her.”
“Not true,” I counteracted. “She pooped because she is a dumb little toddler, and that is what toddlers do. They have runny noses, and they poop their pants.”
“I am trying, Stacey, but how am I supposed to act to you if you insult our daughter? I just can’t be with you right now.” Kevin shook his head, his hair flipping around, and he walked out of the bathroom.
I stood alone in my dream bathroom. I felt trapped between heaven and hell. I loved the house, but I couldn’t stand what was going on. I squatted on the edge of the cold tub. 
Cherry blossom air freshener hit me. After pulling my hair out of my eyes, I picked up the champagne bubble bath. I wanted to enjoy a relaxing soak but was afraid it would piss Doug and Kevin off. They didn’t want me to heal. They wanted me to babysit.
Bawling, I slumped on the bed. I missed my kids and needed them. Suddenly, anger filled me.
Everyone expected me to love Hailey, and it made me sick. I had no connection to Hailey, and an attachment couldn’t just show up. Everyone should give me more time. They just assumed I'd come in and be a loving mom to a complete stranger; even worse, a stranger that stole the spot of my own kids. I sobbed until I fell asleep.
***
I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and frowned. The savory smells of chicken cordon blue brought me out of my slumber. My stomach grumbled at the delectable aroma. In the past, Doug only cooked that meal when he was impressing company. I sourly turned in the bed. If there was company, I wasn’t interested in dinner. Maybe if I stayed in my room, they would leave me alone.
Ignoring the appetizing smells, I explored my things and found expensive underwear. I moved into the bathroom, where my closet stored a mixture of designer ensembles and a massive stash of wet suites and field clothes. My vanity held a cache of fine jewelry. I tried each one on, marveling at how they reflected the light and the way the jewels made me feel. Are they fake or real? I didn't know. With them on, I tilted my head this way and that, smiling at my reflection in the mirror.
I am a lady of stature; the jewelry proved that.
I didn’t know how to conduct myself in the upper class. Would I know how to act the part? Sure, hadn’t I seen enough movies to show myself with grace and sophistication?
Startling me, I felt an embrace on my knees. I gazed down and saw Hailey. Had anyone followed her in? I looked around. We were alone. I gave her a light hug. Hailey returned it with a gigantic squeeze and held me tight. I would allow her to hold on for the time she needed, and she did, five long minutes, smacking her gum in my ear the whole time. She reared back to gaze into my eyes with her large brown eyes. She flashed me a huge smile, showing the gaping spaces between her teeth. Her sweetness magically melted some of my hardness. As I studied Hailey’s familiar eyes, I wondered if I could learn to love the little girl like I loved my kids.
Doug walked into the room and lingered for a moment. “Dinner is ready,” he said and stomped out.
Reluctantly, I carried Hailey downstairs to dinner. My stomach twisted in knots. I didn’t feel like pretending life was grand. I didn’t want to entertain anyone. I had built myself into a tizzy by the time I entered the formal dining room. A long mahogany table looked ready for dinner with its white tablecloth and elegant China settings.
Gathered around the table were Doug, Kevin, and Dad. Relieved, I felt glad that it was only Dad there. He sat pushed to the table in his wheelchair. Wild hair flew about his head. They must have forgotten to comb it when they picked him up from Corvallis Manor. He had a bright yellow bib draped over his chest. 
I gave Dad a loving hug, feeling his thick body against mine, soft and welcoming. His arms comforted me. It surprised me how safe his embrace felt. 
I almost believed Dad could make all of my problems go away. I breathed in his Old Spice. He had worn the same cologne since I was a child. Smelling him gave me something to hold onto, something that hadn’t changed in my new timeline. Comforted by his presence, I gave him a tender kiss on his bristly cheek. 
Thankfully, Dad didn’t know about the events of the past weeks. His memory was slipping, and Kevin hadn’t burdened him about my ordeal.
In the middle of dinner, Kevin’s phone rang. He answered it and nervously looked at me. “Hold on, I can’t talk here,” he whispered on the phone. He scooted his chair back and walked away from the table. 
Although he tried to be quiet, I heard him in the other room say, “Calm down, Stephanie, tell me what is going on.”
Kevin didn’t return for another twenty minutes. At the table, Dad splattered his food everywhere. He didn’t talk much. Hailey played with her food but didn’t eat. I hated being there with Doug. Whenever I caught Doug’s gaze, I could feel his cynicism staring at me with those deep brown eyes, eyes that looked just like Kevin’s. Both of them had similar expressions, which I detested. 
Doug’s icy stare severed my tender emotions. I longed for Kevin’s brother to go home. In the other timeline, Doug and I shared a strained relationship. In the new timeline, our relationship felt much the same.
After an uncomfortable meal, I retired in the kitchen to do the dinner dishes. If I cleaned up, then maybe I wouldn’t have to lay Hailey to bed. I also appreciated the solitude. As I loaded the dishwasher, Doug popped into the kitchen.
“You can’t put your China in the dishwasher. You will wash the silver trim off. You need to hand wash and dry your dishes.” Doug said in a demanding voice.
In annoyance, I yanked all the dishes out of the dishwasher. I despised washing dishes by hand. Why would I own dishes that were not easy or convenient? As I unloaded the dishwasher, Doug skeptically stood against the island, pushing his lean body into the edge, all the while watching me. 
After I had washed most of the dishes, I couldn’t bear it anymore. Doug’s cutting glare made me nervous. I turned to Doug, threw up my hands, and asked, “What?”
“Why are you doing this?” Doug challenged, his fine features becoming harsh.
“You wouldn’t understand.” I spun away from him. Returning to my dishes, I longed for Doug to leave while I scrubbed vigorously at the last of the silverware, trying to block him out.
“You are right about that. I don’t understand. You have everything. Why would you drag my brother and niece through this? Kevin has given you the world. Hailey is incredible. Why are you playing these games with them?”
My resentment intensified for Doug. How dare he talk to me like that? I wasn’t crazy, and I wasn’t pretending. The persecution and confusion I felt were real; I had lost my children. No one would ever understand me, nor believe me. 
I was half tempted to rail into Doug and inform him about my loss, but I knew it wouldn’t solve anything, so instead, I dried my wet hands on my pants.
“Doug, I love Kevin. I just have so many things going on right now.” I said as I returned to the dishes. Maybe if I ignored him, then he would leave. I rinsed the silverware and drained the dirty water. I could still feel Doug’s presence.
“You are lucky that Kevin doesn’t leave you. If you were my wife, I would tell you to stop this crap. If you didn’t stop, I would leave.”
“I wish you would,” I said as I cleaned out the sink. Doug let out a puff of air. I grabbed a towel and hand dried the dishes in the rack. I turned to catch Doug still penetrating me with his eyes. 
Enough was enough.
“Why is it that you have to cling to my family instead of finding a new one of your own? Now, please just leave. Thank you for your help with Hailey. We appreciate it, but now I am here.”
“Did you just say that to me? Get a new family? Cami will never be replaced. I can’t believe you would say something so unkind.-Glaring words from someone who at the moment can’t even handle being a mom. I can’t leave my niece with you. I don’t trust you. I will leave, but I am taking Hailey with me.” Doug’s boldness pissed me off. In the past, I would have contended back. But I figured it was best to let Hailey go with Doug. I knew I wasn’t ready to bond with her yet. I needed to figure this life out first. I still ached for my children. When I thought about it, Hailey leaving with Doug was an excellent idea.
“Do whatever you need to,” I said as I left the kitchen and went upstairs to draw myself a hot bubble bath.
I let my body soak in the therapeutic water as the bathwater massaged my tired muscles. Calmness overcame me and washed my tension away. I almost felt like a princess in my massive tub. The flames from the candles danced on the tub’s edge.
I breathed in the candle’s aroma of cherry spice and let my mind wander. While I bathed, Kevin returned Dad to the nursing home, and Doug took Hailey back home with him. It felt wonderful to be alone.
My bath was everything I had needed. The water relaxed me so much that I had fallen asleep a couple of times. I was ready to get out and lie in my majestic bed.
I found beige silk pajamas. Having never been in pure silk, I slipped the luxurious material on my body. They felt delicate and smooth against my skin, shrouded in pure comfort. I now understood why people would pay generously for silk. It created the perfect feeling of feminine yet power. I could get used to the high life. 
What movie would I watch? I tossed open the Blu-ray collection to find something to numb my mind.

CHAPTER 10


What time is it? The phone rudely woke me out of my slumber. The ringing forced me from my covers to make it stop. 
“Hello.”
“Did I wake you?” Kevin asked.
“Yeah,” I flatly replied.
“I’m sorry. Hey, I just wanted to let you know I am staying at your parent’s old house for the night. I think it’s too late to drive back to Newport. Do you mind?”
“Whatever,” I replied.
“Alright,” he said, and there was silence. “I love you.”
I didn’t reply.
“Ok, see you tomorrow.”
Without even saying goodbye, I hung up the phone.
It only took seconds, and I slipped back to sleep.
***
The wind angrily shook the windows, with the glass rattled in their wooden frames. Although it was morning, the sky remained dark and dreary. I gathered the blankets firmly across me, not wanting to get out of bed. It sounded relentless outside. The bath the night before had soothed my nerves with the solitude easing my soul. I wasn’t ready to face the world, preferring my safe cocoon. I lay in bed a while longer; however, the house seemed too quiet, and my thoughts tormented me.
It might do me good to explore the house.
As I investigated, I discovered the house was built out of the finest materials. Every detail was magnificent and uniquely constructed. Most likely, a professional decorator had arranged the décor and furnishing.
The home had entertaining in mind. There was a pool table, a shuffleboard table, an air hockey table, closets full of games, entertainment systems, a library full of books, art supplies, craft supplies, a movie room, and several top-of-the-line computers.
Even with all the home had to offer, I felt broken, unable to enjoy anything.
After my exploration, I got on the computer. Did Kevin still write his e-journal? It didn’t surprise me that his password was the same as the other timeline. He had used it since college. I went to the document section, and sure enough, found his journals. I would learn about my life from reading them. Before I delved in, I noticed an entry from the previous night. My curiosity opened that one first.
 
Dear Journal,
Stacey is home, but nothing has gotten easier. In fact, things are now more demanding. I am not sure what I expected from her. I guess I thought she would see our home, and her memories would come back. I wish I knew what had happened at the fair to cause her to lose her memory. I still wonder if someone hadn’t drugged her drink.
Doug has been helping out a lot. I am so thankful to have him. He seemed a little on edge with Stacey, which was weird. Stacey, on the other hand, acted like she wanted to rip his face off.
Stacey is hard to deal with right now. She is so angry. I brought Ron over for dinner, hoping that Stacey would get her memory back. 
It didn’t work. Doug was nice enough to watch Hailey and make dinner while I transported Ron back and forth from the nursing home.
I stayed with Ron for a while in the nursing home because I just wasn’t ready to go home to go back to Stacey. Right now, she is sucking the life out of me.
Afterwards, I sat in the car for a while. I just couldn’t bring myself to return to Stacey. She sucks the life out of me right now. So, I decided to spend the night at Ron’s old home.
I just don’t know what to say to Stacey. I had planned on being there for her first night home. I’m so disappointed in her lack of progress. It hurts me the way she treats Hailey; I just need time to think.
 
I kind of wished I hadn’t read that entry. The things Kevin wrote hurt. 
Reading his journal exhausted me.
I needed another bath. I started the water and reluctantly removed the silk from my body, hating to part with such a lavish material.
Oh, how refreshing and soothing the water felt. I was still worn out and rested my head on the bath pillow.


CHAPTER 11


Could I make things work? The bath had softened my skin and improved my mood. Now I needed to see my private beach. I rummaged through the coat closet and found a fluffy pink jacket, reminding me of a pink poodle. I am not sure the other me would wear this. I guess rich people are allowed eccentric taste.
I slipped the pink puff on and walked down to the beach. The storm had calmed, and the morning sun burned through the clouds. A chill hung on the air, but not bad.
The waves roared as they broke against the beach and rocky edges. I closed my eyes and inhaled the salty air. Seagulls squawked and soared in the sky. Their slick white feathers made the scavenger birds appear rather majestic. As the wind rushed past me, I had to keep pulling the hair out of my eyes. Next time I would have to remember to wear a ponytail. 
I unlaced my tan shoes and settled my feet deep into the sand. Wiggling my foot, I could feel tiny grains slip between each toe. Eventually, I waded in the water.
The coldness from the ocean woke me up. I expected cold, but that was icy! Pulling my pant legs up, I moved further into the frigid water. The numbing sensation overtook my legs, making them stiff. Soon I had enough, so I got out of the water and combed the beach for seashells.
I left my shoes off, not wanting to soak my socks as I strolled along the beach.
This is mine!
I thought it would feel exhilarating to own all this. I guess without the memory of acquiring any of it, it didn't seem real. It felt more like someone would take it from me any minute. And besides, the hole in my life where my kids occupied made everything seem superficial.
I wasn’t sure how to mend the emptiness in my soul.
I became too antsy with the beach and decided to go to Fisherman’s Wharf and look around.
I loved the murals that adorned Newport. Many of the buildings had lovely ocean life painted on them. At the wharf, it was fun to watch the fishermen's activity. I especially loved exploring the specialty shops, discovering local treasures. As I wandered the area, I could remember many times bringing Ben and Lil’ Dee. During those times, my trips to the wharf inevitably were rushed. The kids would fight or demand merchandise, and I'd end up flustered. The trips usually ended in tears as I sent them to the car. Back then, I had desperately wished to go to the wharf alone. And here I was, at the wharf without them, and I hated it, aching for my kids.
As I walked home, I thought about the fair.
I should return to the park. That is where I lost my children. Maybe I had to go there to get them back. Perhaps I would find Asp there.
***
Inside the garage, the car dazzled me. Climbing in my Black Onyx Lexus RX 400H, a grin stretched across my face. I had never imagined myself as a Lexus owner.
The ivory interior still smelled like new car leather. The chrome on the dash sparkled and shined. There were also no crumbs in the vehicle. The SUV rode incredibly smoothly as I sped toward Corvallis with determination, for I knew how to undo my hell.
The pleasant drive ended at Central Park, which was considerably calmer now that the festival had ended. Frantically, I walked the grounds, searching every crevice and shadow. 
I didn’t take time to enjoy the vibrant flowers or the varied sculptures, which I usually did, because my focus was on finding Asp. I walked the park three times, seeing a few mothers with children, and noticed a few lovers holding hands, but I saw no one resembling Asp.
Unconsciously, I even went to the playground a couple of times. I hoped by a miracle, I would see Lil’ Dee and Ben swinging.
Doom collapsed me as the realization set in; I would never find Asp or my children.
I took a seat at the Central Park Gazebo and cried again. Mucus ran out my nose and onto the tip of my lip. I wiped it on my sleeve. It would have been nice to have brought Kleenexes.
I ached for my kids, and I loathed my current life. I would even take my trashy trailer to have my kids back. I would trade all of my degrees and wealth to have my babies returned to me.
After crying like a baby, my head ached and, I decided to head to the car. Maybe I would go home and take another bubble bath.
"Don't pick that," a lady yelled at a girl who had snagged a rose off a rosebush.
"Why not, nana, its pretty."
"Because they belong to the park." The lady ripped the rose out of the young girl's hand, tossed it on the ground, and then dragged the crying girl away.
I picked up the discarded rose and smelt it. A lovely fragrance flooded me with smell-memories as a fresh idea sparked to life.
“Roses!” I exclaimed out loud.
Roses had been Deidre’s favorite flower.
My mood brightened. In this life, Deidre was alive, wasn't she? I mean, I had traded my kids' lives for hers. I scratched the top of my head.
The whole idea of Deidre's existence invigorated me. I plucked six roses off the park’s bushes and ran to my Lexus.
Throwing the flowers on the front seat, I shoved the Lexus in drive and raced to the home of Deidre’s parents. I hoped they still lived there.
I had shared a close relationship with Deidre’s mom, Jessica. After Deidre’s death, I found myself still going to Deidre’s house. Having me visit helped Jessica deal with the sorrow of Deidre's loss. In return, hanging out with Jessica somehow kept Deidre in my life.
I pulled up to Jessica’s green split-level home and bounded up the stairs. I knocked on the beige door. Travis answered it, and I almost fell off the top step upon seeing him. A little over a year after Deidre’s death, Travis and Jessica had divorced. The loss of Deidre had been too much for the two to overcome together. I had lovingly adored Travis because he was such a fun dad. It had broken my heart to have Jessica and Travis divorce. The excitement of seeing him again compelled me almost to fling myself into his arms.
“Mr. Larson,” I called out. “How are you?” Travis gazed at me in confusion. “Mr. Larson, it’s me, Stacey. I was one of Deidre’s old friends.” Before I could continue, he turned and hollered up the stairs. “Jessica, get down here!”
Jessica came down the stairs and looked at me with no recollection as to who I was. “Yes?” Jessica asked.
“Jessica, it’s me, Stacey. I used to be Deidre’s best friend.”
“Some friend,” Travis muttered and headed up the stairs. I was confused, and I looked at Jessica to apologize for her husband. The color left Jessica’s face. Whatever relationship I had developed with Jessica before was not in this life. 
That hurt.
“Mrs. Larson?” I questioned. Jessica just stood there while her eye twitched. 
She radiated uncomfortable tension.
“Mrs. Larson, I use to be one of Deidre’s good friends. Could you tell me how I could get a hold of her?” Jessica shifted her weight back and forth, obviously uncomfortable with me there. I was at a loss for words and stood staring at her. Finally, she brought a napkin out of her pocket and asked, “Do you have a pen?”
I pulled a pen out of my purse and handed it to Jessica, and she scribbled Deidre’s address and phone number on the napkin. Jessica pushed the napkin into my hand and dropped the pen at my feet.
As I bent to pick up the pen, the door closed in my face.
What the heck?
I pushed the napkin into my purse. My stomach felt sick since I hadn't expected such a cold greeting. What was the hostile treatment about? Dumbly, I stared at the closed door. Turning around, I walked down the stairs. Halfway down, I stopped. I headed back up the steps. It broke my heart to have Jessica so detached from me. I needed to fix the inhospitable feelings the Larson’s had towards me.
When I approached the door, I thought better of it. I hesitantly stood there for a minute or two. I decided that I would fix things with the Larson’s later. Right now, was the time to bring my friend back into my life.
It was time to touch Deidre and know that she was real. I headed back down the steps toward my car.
Pushing Jessica’s belligerence aside, again, my heart started to race. I could scarcely accept the idea that Deidre was really alive. I was going to see Deidre! I pulled the napkin out of my purse. Deidre lived at Witham Village on Walnut Avenue. That was not too far from here.
Winding up Walnut Avenue, I noticed the majestic trees lining the road. With the car windows opened, I could feel the wind and smell the air. I loved Corvallis’s unique smell. It was musty yet fresh. The odors were familiar and sparked scores of childhood memories and feelings every time I smelt them. Corvallis was home to me. I was comfortable there. Unexpectedly, I was a little sad not to be living there anymore; however, I was still thrilled to have such a wonderful house in Newport.
I pulled into Witham Village and was enchanted by its charming landscaping, almost looking tucked in a forest. It had a little pool, a weight room, and cute wood bridges with streams underneath. I wouldn't mind living in a place like this. I parked my car in the visitor’s parking stall but could barely lug my legs out since my body had turned to rubber. I shook, and my heart pounded. The apprehensive almost arrested my movement. What if I reached Deidre’s apartment and found out she was still dead? I wouldn’t know how to grasp life if I found out Deidre wasn’t going to be part of it. 
After all, I had sold my kids to the devil for Deidre. I wanted to have Deidre in my life, at least. I forced my legs to move toward Deidre’s apartment. The vision of talking to my deceased best friend seemed surreal.
As I reached Deidre’s building, I remembered I had left the roses in my car. I returned to the Lexus and snatched the pink roses from the passenger seat. I gazed in the mirror. I hadn’t seen Deidre in years, and I hoped to look pleasing. My reflection frightened me. I had puffy bags under my eyes. I could swear I saw new wrinkles. I felt like I had aged considerably in the last week. My mental morale had bottomed out, and it showed on my face. Pushing my reflection aside, I skittered back to Deidre’s building with the roses tightly clasped in my hand. I walked up the stairs.
At the door, I steadied my hand and rang the doorbell. Excitement and fear pulsated inside me. My heart felt like a giant tympani trapped in my chest, trying to beat its way out as I waited.
The front door opened.


CHAPTER 12


This is ain't real. How can it be? Tears streamed down my face. Deidre!
Although she had gained a little weight and wrinkles had taken over the edges of her eyes, she looked exactly how I had remembered. With full force, I launched myself into Deidre’s arms. I gave her a huge hug and kissed her rosy cheek. It was true, she was alive. How can I describe the elation I felt from physically touching my best friend? Strands of her hair against my cheek. For years, I had dreamed of this, seemingly impossible to obtain, and yet, it had happened. 
I smelt her. This was real. Deidre had died; I had watched the whole thing. I had spent the last decade in mental travail over Deidre’s death, and now her flesh warmed my fingers.
Zillions of nightmares replayed in my mind. Now, my hell had been undone. Fate had shifted, and lives had changed.
All I could manage to say was, “Oh Deidre, oh Deidre, oh Deidre.”
She did not return the joyous reunion. Suddenly, I felt Deidre’s nails rip me off and catapult me into the railing. A pang jarred my side as a bar jammed into me.
What?
 In all of my nightmares and wild dreams, Deidre was always pleased to see me. I had never visualized anything negative about our relationship. Other parts of my dreams were strange but never our bond.
Deidre's eyes tightened into slits of detest. Here I stood in the presence of my best friend, and she hated me.
“You have no right to be here. No amount of time passing will ever erase what you did to me.” Deidre spat her words out. She balled her fists and kept them near her chest.
Deidre began closing the door. Despite my bruised side, I thrust my foot and wedged it between the door and the frame.
“Deidre, please, whatever I did to hurt you, let me make it up. I have missed you so much if you would only…”
Deidre cut me off. 
“What do you mean, ‘whatever I did?' You know exactly what you did. You have a lot of gall showing your face around me.” Deidre shook. “How dare you come seeking forgiveness! It is taking everything to stop myself from slamming you to the ground.”
Desperate, I presented the roses to Deidre and tried to rest them in her hand. She yanked them from me and chucked them off the balcony. Once again, she shoved me to close the door, but she could not get my body out of the way.
“Get out of here, you whore!” Deidre yelled, pushing me again. I couldn't let her win. I had waited years to see her again. I wouldn’t give up that easily.
As I held my ground, I studied Deidre's features. She had aged considerably well, and she was prettier than I remembered. She had shoulder brown hair and a golden tan face. Her two dimples were cuter than ever, and her nose had grown slightly bigger.
She had a different smell to her, which was also becoming. She looked perfect. I needed her to give me a chance.
“Deidre, please, let me come in. Let us work this out. We had the world’s truest friendship, and I will not let you throw it away. 
Let me rectify my wrongs.”
Deidre viciously shoved me. “Why won’t you leave me alone? You have no right in being here.” She snarled in my face. “Get out of here, you traitor, leave me alone!” I wouldn’t move out of her doorway. Unexpectedly, she pulled my hair and yanked out a handful. 
The unexpected assault knocked me backward. With me down, Deidre slammed the door shut.
I crumpled into a ball in front of Deidre’s door, holding my aching head, and bawled. This ain't right. We had shared a tight friendship, best friends since preschool. We were inseparable. What could I have possibly done to cause so much anger in Deidre? I folded my arms over my legs and rocked back and forth. I didn’t know what to do. I dearly loved Deidre; the betrayal ripped me apart. I had to repair the damage. I had lost everything so Deidre wouldn’t die. Deidre’s very existence was because of me. She still would be rotting in the grave if I hadn’t sold myself to the devil. How could I make Deidre aware of my love and sacrifice for her? How could I make the loss of my kids not be entirely in vain?
I would sit on Deidre’s steps until my friend talked to me. After all, she couldn’t stay locked up forever. I leaned against the door and lightly knocked, waiting for it to open. 
My thoughts turned to our childhood and our fantastic adventures. I snickered as I spoke loudly about the trouble we had gotten into. I reminisced the good times we had shared and the trips we had traveled with each other. Remembering all the pleasant times balmed my heartache. After a couple of hours, my thoughts returned to my kids. I tried to push their memory aside for the moment because I needed my emotions to be composed for when Deidre opened the door.
During my wait, I contemplated my new relationship with Doug. Kevin said Doug and I were best friends. What an outlandish idea. Doug acted just as critically and cruelly as before. Maybe he felt scared by my unusual actions.
After four hours of restless narratives, I shifted to singing. I sang Deidre’s and my favorite songs. I needed to rekindle Deidre’s feelings for me. When I ran out of songs, I returned to loudly sharing memories of our good times. I knew Deidre could hear me in the apartment. I hoped she traveled memory lane with me. I needed her to remember we had more good times than bad. Several hours passed. She's so frustrating. Just open the door. I almost walked away many times, but something would not let me go. 
I feared if I turned my back on Deidre, then she would disappear again.
I started getting tired and angry. I pounded the door.
“You can’t stay in there all day. Deidre, trust me, please, we need to talk. Open this door. I promise I will not leave until you let me in. OPEN THE DOOR!” I screamed. My hands ached from pounding, but I didn’t stop. As I banged louder, I was startled by someone touching my back. I turned and noticed two police officers behind me. 
“Stacey Caldwell, you have been causing harassment. We need to ask you to come with us.”
Betrayal!
Why would Deidre call the cops on me? Bitterness puckered my heart as the police escorted me to their car.
“Stacey, we have every motive to arrest you for harassing. The resident of that apartment told you to leave, and yet you stayed at her door. Did you know that harassing someone is a criminal offense? Give me a good reason why we shouldn’t take you to the station right now?” 
The police seemed hardened. They probably had no tolerance for petty crime.
“Please, please, please don’t arrest me. I wasn’t trying to harass Deidre. We used to be friends, and I was trying to reunite our friendship. Please, don’t arrest me. I don’t know how much more I can handle.”
The tears must have softened the police a bit. They glanced at each other. “We pulled your record on the way over here. You have a clean past. We don’t wish to arrest you, but we can’t have you harassing anyone either. Can we have your word that you will leave that resident alone?”
I swallowed heavily, that’s the last thing I wanted to do, but I didn’t want to go to jail. 
I would say yes, but I wasn’t going to follow through with it. The police must have seen my hesitation.
“Stacey, maybe we should arrest you now.”
I felt my eyes bulge. 
I didn’t want to be arrested. 
“Yes! Yes, I will leave Deidre alone.”
“We will go easy on you tonight. If we ever hear of you harassing her again, you will find no mercy with us.”
I reluctantly thanked the police and stammered back to my Lexus. I slowly drove out of the parking lot. The police followed behind me, and I couldn’t think with them on my tail. I turned up and down a few streets until they went in another direction. Then I turned in a Safeway grocery store and shut the engine off as my head dropped on the steering wheel, and I bawled and bawled. Life spiraled out of control. Everything I loved had been ripped from me. I had sold my children to the devil to bring Deidre back. In return, Deidre venomously hated me. I didn’t know what was worse; the empty void Deidre’s death had left in me or the deep disgust that Deidre now held for me. I had pictured our reuniting being as sweet as life itself. 
I never dreamed there would be animosity between us.
I numbly sat in the car while the emptiness confiscated my soul.
I thrust the car into drive and raced back to the ocean. 
I followed the enchanting call of the waves along the darkened beach. I slipped off my shoes as my feet sunk into the soft sand, the last of the day's heat almost gone. I walked along the shoreline and thought about how twisted I felt. Everything was wrong and had been taken from me; well, not everything, I still had Kevin. He stood by my side, but would it last? 
Would Kevin listen to Doug and leave me when I didn’t straighten out? Kevin had to crave his child-rearing, house-cleaning, food-making, and clothes-washing wife back. He would never get her.
Glumly, I inhaled the cool, salty air. I tried deep arithmetic breathing. Each breath released tension, but each inspiration returned the stress. 
There had to be a way to clear my mind of my sorrows.
Lying down in the sand, I could feel little pebbles embed against my scalp. 
I didn’t care; I wanted life to end. As I breathed in deeply, I could smell the burning of wood. Someone must be blazing a fire on the beach. Sitting up, I searched the beach for the orange glow. 
Several hundred feet behind me, I could see a group of friends gathered next to a fire. They laughed, danced, roasted, and enjoyed life.
Mesmerized by the gathering, I watched them and longed for their carefree life. I may never feel joy again.
 

CHAPTER 12


Had Kevin worried about me? Maybe he wouldn't notice it was past 1:00 am as I snuck in the house. With any luck, he would be asleep. But, to my dismay, Kevin sat in the parlor reading Portland Monthly as I attempted to slip in. Caught, I sat next to him, waiting for the punishment.
“What is wrong, sweetie?” Kevin asked.
Does my face show that I have been crying? It surprised me that he didn't seem mad.
I began. 
“Kevin, everything is wrong. Everything. I have lost all that is important to me.” The words bumbled out.
“I just don’t understand how you have lost everything; in fact, life couldn’t be better for us. We are living our dream, and it is pretty fabulous. You still have me,” he said, placing a kiss on my lips.
“I have you right now, but how long will you stick this out with me? I am not going to change, Kevin. You are never going to erase my other life from me. The loss of my kids will eternally torment me. 
I will always be disheartened by what I did. This will never change.”
“Stacey, I married you for sickness and for health, for good times and the bad. We are at a little speed bump in our lives right now. What kind of husband would I be if I bailed out the first time our life hit a little turbulence?”
Although his words comforted me, I didn’t trust him. Somewhere inside, he expected things to change. I sobbed again. “Kevin, it’s all wrong. Things got twisted. Deidre is alive, but she hates me. She even called the police on me. How did things get so…”
Kevin cut into my sentence, “You saw Deidre today?”
“Yes, I saw Deidre today. She totally hates me, and I don’t know if I will ever be able to soften her heart.”
“Don’t count on it. Have you truly forgotten all the details about your life? Deidre will never forgive you, and I don’t blame her.” He hesitated, then continued slowly, “I wouldn’t forgive you either.” He said the last part with a sly grin on his face, and then he winked.
“What in the world did I do?” I asked.
He gazed deeply into my eyes and took my hand.
“Why is it that you have chosen to remember me, but you have blocked everything else out? You act almost as if you have amnesia. 
Maybe we should take you to a doctor and have your head examined. It’s possible you hit your head right before we met up at the festival. If you have forgotten everything else, then naturally, you would forget that you hit your head.”
I placed my hand on my head where Deidre had ripped the hair out; it still hurt.
“A brain scan wouldn’t help. At the festival, I went crazy searching for Ben and Lil’ Dee. They are our children, and they are real, just like your Hailey is real to you, my kids are real to me. I had a full life with them, and suddenly they are gone, and I am thrown into some parallel universe. I became hysterical over losing them. You would do the same if you lost your Hailey May.” 
Kevin looked away.
“Kevin, don’t squirm in your seat. You have to listen to me with an open mind. If we are ever going to get past all this crap that I am in, I need you to listen to me, trust me, and not judge me. I am not crazy. I tell you the truth. I didn’t dream this, nor did I make this up. I am not going through a psychotic break. I realize that after I tell you, you still won’t believe me. I am just hoping that if you can perceive my hell, you can help me transform into who it is I am supposed to be.”
Kevin embraced me, pulling me into him. “I’m sorry, you are right. Go on; please tell me everything.”
I stayed in his arms. “Let me start at the beginning. Twelve years ago, before this madness began, Deidre and I were best friends; we even shared an apartment together.” He nodded his head. “One gruesome day, Deidre got ran over by a truck. We were riding bicycles, and I was riding right behind her. You can’t even imagine how demolished her body was. It was shredded apart. I relive that image every day.” My tone faded as I pushed the image out of my mind. I had caught his attention.
“After Deidre died, you and I found comfort with each other; it was only instinctive since we had already spent so much time as friends. One night we had gone a little too far, and we spent the night together. Nine months later Ben was born. Doug was furious, for he couldn’t believe the scandal that we had created. He pushed us into marrying early.”
Kevin whooped out loud. “So that’s why you thought Doug hated you? Whew, I can’t even imagine the disgust he would have for you if you led his twin brother away.” He winked again.
I was thrilled to see he was getting into my story. I straightened up. “Exactly. He has disapproved of me and despised me through our whole marriage. I was a black mark on his perfect twin. Your brother has treated me like dirt and has destroyed my self-esteem. I try to ignore him because I love you so much.”
He embraced both of my hands and flashed a gargantuan smile. “Well, baby, you will be glad to know that he adores you in this life.” I gave him a stare of unbelief.
“No, he really does,” Kevin assured.
“Whatever,” I said, not believing him. Then I continued my story. “Anyway, we lived a pretty good life. Two years later, Lil’ Dee was born. I sacrificed my schooling so that you could get your bachelor's in accounting.”
“A bachelor's degree in accounting; yuck!” Kevin interrupted.
“I know, it wasn’t what either one of us wished to aspire to. It was just we were poor and needed a quick finish.”
He sat at the edge of his seat, “I can’t imagine you quitting school. You are so driven and absolutely passionate about education. 
You, a stay home mom, I don’t see it.”
“It’s the only life I know anymore. It killed me to leave school behind, but as I said, we sacrificed for the transgression we had. Anyway, um, we couldn’t afford much, for we were pretty poor.” I rubbed my eye with the corner of my sleeve. My body ached for sleep. “But we didn’t mind. We loved each other. We had been living in a dumpy trailer home. Then, with the death of Mom and then Dad moving into Corvallis Manor, we took over my parent’s home.”
“That piece of junk?” Kevin replied. “I would never live there.”
My eyes lit up as I remembered my remodeling job. “Oh no, it wasn’t junk. It was a blessing. We had never lived in a better home.”
I paused.
“When we went to the festival, I had become entranced with some sort of gypsy woman. She told me she could bring Deidre back to life. I didn’t believe her, and I challenged her to do it.” I had to stop, for my emotions took over. My voice cracked as I resumed my story. “She did it. She brought Deidre back to life. In exchange, she stole Lil’ Dee, Ben, and my old life.”
Kevin looked at me blankly. “This is real,” I said, annoyed. “Your memories are not my memories. I am not crazy; I just come from an altered timeline than you.”
“Hmm,” was all that Kevin replied.
I felt I must keep talking to make him understand me. I craved his empathy. “It kills me the idea of my children not existing. 
They were real, Kevin. It’s like they died, but I have no one to mourn their loss with. I have no photo albums to recall their memories. They are dead to me but never existed to you.” I buried my face into his chest and sobbed.
“You would have loved them. You did love them. Ben was a little small for his age, but he could do anything the other boys did. He had sandy blond hair and the same deep brown eyes that your Hailey has. Ben loved sports, and he loved reading. He also was a little bit of a poet. He was a tender boy, he was especially dependent on me, and he was my little man.” It felt good sharing our son’s life with him.
“Deidre was my little princess. She loved and embraced anything and everything that was princess. At first, we found her fascination cute. It had started as early as one. However, by the time she was eight, we were so sick of princesses. Princess toys began to make us nauseous. Our disgust for princesses only heightened Lil’ Dee’s hunger for more. Princess, princess, princess. Yuck. 
"However, princess fit her stunning personality. She was always so bright and considerate of others. She was a people pleaser, constantly in tune with other's emotions. If she could see another sad, she would hug them. If that didn’t cheer the person up, she would sing to them. She loved to sing. She had the voice of an angel. When Lil’ Dee was three, she sang Oh Holy Night all by herself at a talent show. She brought the house down.”
“She sounds amazing,” Kevin said.
“Oh, she was. I loved doing her hair in curls and bows. She liked to be pretty. Lil’ Dee easily had 50 different fingernail polish colors, assumedly half of the similar shades of pink. She had pierced ears. Poor girl; they had pierced them crooked; luckily, she never noticed. She had a bright personality and was friends with everyone. Every little boy that ever met her planned on marrying her. She was unofficially engaged at two and a half. You used to call her your sun spot. Our Deidre was marvelous.”
We paused in silence as Kevin gave me a light massage. He pondered my words.
“I can understand why you miss them so much.”
“Then, are you saying that you believe me?”
Kevin paused for several minutes before he answered me. I breathed in his sweet cologne. He smelt good. “I don’t know what to believe. Your story sounds so inconceivable. We live in the real world, not a fantasy world. Timelines just don’t get crossed over.” I turned my back to him; I didn’t like where he was going with his words. “People don’t make deals with the devil. Things like that just don’t happen… On the other hand, Stacey,” Kevin turned me into him. “I don’t doubt for a second that you believe that all this is true.”
“Because it DID HAPPEN,” I snapped.
“I don’t know about that because no one else in this world shares this memory with you. Who is to say that mine is correct or yours is correct? That is irrelevant at the moment. What I do know is that you believe every word that you say. I can tell that these things are genuine to you. I can see why you miss your children so much. 
I can understand your intense sorrow upon losing them. If I lost Hailey, I would go crazy… Um, I mean… I would greatly grieve her loss as well.”
I felt glad that Kevin acted sympathetically. He didn’t appear to judge my level of craziness. My stomach grumbled as I became aware of how hungry I was. I had not eaten all day. Then, the second roar came out louder, breaking the tension in the room. “I think I am hungry.”
“Me too,” said Kevin. He was endlessly hungry.
We went into the kitchen and put together sandwiches and sat at the bar to eat them.
“Tell me about your visit with Deidre Bill?”
“Bill?”
“Her married name.”
I rolled my eyes. 
“Dreadful,” I said, stuffing the last of the sandwich in my mouth. I chewed the huge sandwich while mayonnaise squirted out and ran down my chin. “As I said, she hates me. So when I saw her, you can imagine how jubilant I was. There was my dead best friend, alive! I threw myself upon her. In return, she beat me up.” 
Kevin snickered and then suppressed it.
“I wouldn’t leave, for I couldn’t. There she was, alive, like so many of my dreams. I needed her to realize how much I loved her. But she abhorred me; she wouldn’t give me a chance. It is because of me she is alive, and she doesn’t even know it.” I cried. 
“My children don’t exist so that she can have life, and she won’t acknowledge that. I gave her LIFE.” I pounded my hand on the counter. Kevin jumped to the unexpected bang. “How does she thank me? She calls the police on me. Some trade.”
Kevin’s face shifted into astonishment. “She called the police on you? -That little wench. Did they arrest you?”
“No, they let me go. But I am never to contact her again.” I looked at him. “I can’t just walk away from her; I can’t let her go that easy.”
“Stacey, trust me. She is not your friend. Walk away. She will never forgive you, and it’s apparent that she is causing you pain. Let her go. You have too much you are dealing with already. Don’t add Deidre to your hell.”
“It is because of Deidre I have this punishment!”
"That is all the more reason why you need to let her go.”
“I can’t, Kevin; if I did, then I have crucified Ben and Lil’ Dee for nothing. I will never forgive the trade I made for my children, but if Deidre and I could be friends, then at least it wouldn’t have been in entirely in vain.”
“At the time that Deidre got ran over by the bike, would you have saved her at all costs?”
“She got ran over by a truck, and yes, I would.”
“Would you have saved her life, even if you knew she would scorn you from that moment on?”
“Yes!”
“Well, think of this in the same way. Your children are gone, but their loss is not in vain. You said that you traded them for Deidre, and here she is. Friendship is beside the point. You gave her life.”
 I contemplated Kevin’s words for a time. 
He finished his meal in silence. 
As I picked up our dishes, I turned to him. “What happened with Deidre and me? Why does she hate me?”
 

CHAPTER 13


I needed to know what I had done to make Diedre hate me as she did. Kevin and I moved to the game room and plopped on a giant Luv-Sac in the corner. Kevin grabbed a Chanel blanket out of the closet and wrapped us in it.
“Are you sure you want to know why Deidre is so mad at you?”
“Yes!” I shouted. “I need to know what I did so that I can work on repairing our relationship. I have to win Deidre back; I just have to.”
“Don’t count on that. She is gone, and I don’t blame her. You were quite the friend,” he said. I didn't appreciate his sarcasm.
“Kevin,” I called in defense. “Be kind.”
“Why? You weren’t.”
I stared at him. What could I have possibly done?
“To put it simply, you stole me from Deidre.”
Kevin’s statement called me to an awareness I hadn’t had. Kevin had been Deidre’s boyfriend. The death of Deidre had brought us together. I hadn’t thought about how we had come together in this timeline. We had been married so long. Being with him seemed natural.
“So you and I became boyfriend and girlfriend,” I said as I tried to figure out the details. “Stealing a boyfriend is a cheap thing to do to a friend, but it shouldn’t be departmental. True friends should be able to overcome such an obstacle.”
He laughed out loud, and then he whistled. “Stacey, Stacey, Stacey, you didn’t just come in and ask me on a date one night, then bam, we dated. No, no, no, your demise to Deidre’s relationship was much dirtier than that.”
“You’re incredibly shameless on me. If you were Deidre’s boyfriend, aren’t you half to blame?”
“Sure,” Kevin grimaced, his white teeth flashed. I still wasn't used to his teeth looking good. "In fact, I’ll carry all of the blame if you need me to. I don’t need to be friends with Deidre again.”
“What did we do?”
“Let’s see, where do I start? The three of us used to spend all of our time and activities together. We had awesome times. Yes, we did. I liked it like that. I wasn’t in a hurry to change anything, but Deidre was forever talking about marriage. She desperately wanted to marry me. I told her I wouldn’t get married until after I got my master's degree. That drove her crazy. She said there was no way she could wait that long. I told her there was no way to marry before I was financially stable to support a family. Mother had pounded the idea of education into my head from the time that I was a baby. She had a mobile over my crib with the names of prestigious colleges on it.” He laughed at his joke.
“Anyways, like I said, Mother pushed education on Doug and me. I had made that decision before I met Deidre. So, things continued with the three of us having a great time. You would sometimes get boyfriends, but they never lasted. When we were all 21, Deidre got tired of school. She dropped out of college and got a job as a yoga instructor. Doug went berserk when Deidre dropped out of college because he couldn’t understand why I was squandering my time away on her. He believed I should date you instead.”
I shot my head up. 
“Doug told you to date me instead of Deidre?” I was flabbergasted. I had spent too many years being put down by Doug; I could not accept that Doug was now my personal cheerleader.
“Oh yeah, Doug wanted me to date someone who took their education seriously. He was ready for me to stop dating Deidre. I felt Doug was shallow. It also really bugged me that he kept trying to control me. Who I dated was my concern. Sure, we are close because we are twins, but that doesn’t give him the right to control me and tell me what to do.”
“Yes,” I blurted out. “-So true.” 
I had waited my whole marriage for him to declare those words. I hated how our lives revolved around his twin.
“I think between Deidre’s whining and Doug’s medaling, I agreed to marry Deidre. I did it to shut her up and piss him off. Kind of stupid reasons for a lifetime commitment like that, I know. But I told her she had to wait until we had our masters.”
“Who do you mean when you say, 'our masters'? I thought Deidre dropped out of college, " I asked, confused.
“Ours. As in yours and mine. We weren’t in the same program. However, we were both graduating at the same time. Anyways, when the time came, Deidre arranged all the marriage plans. She ordered invitations, flowers, and decorations. She bought her dress, reserved the church, and booked our honeymoon. 
"She was determined that we would get married a week after I graduated. It made no difference to me; I was doing it for her. My brother was so angry. He kept trying to talk me out of marrying the waitress from Michaels. He felt I deserved a superior woman. I deserved someone like you.”
“I thought you said Deidre was a Yoga instructor?”
“Yeah, she was when she dropped out of college. That was Deidre’s style, ricocheting from job to job. She was waiting tables at Michaels when we were about to get married. Deidre’s job instability was another reason Doug detested her. Doug was so proud of you; he wanted me to marry you so bad. I asked him why he didn’t just marry you, but he said you two weren’t a compatible fit.”
“I agree to that. Marry Doug, ewe, gross.”
“I pushed the thought aside of marrying you because I didn’t think you were interested in me. The truth of the matter, Stacey, was that I had always been attracted to you. The night I met you and Deidre at Iggie’s Pizza, you tantalized me. I sadly found out you had a boyfriend; what was that sleaze’s name?”
“Alejandro was his name. Wow, that feels like forever ago. I had forgotten about him,” I said as my thoughts transported back to Alejandro’s memory. What a hunk. A tinge of regret entered me. I hadn’t thought about him for years. What had become of him?
“What a creep.” Kevin spat out in disgust.
“He wasn’t a creep. He was a nice guy. We broke up because he had to go back to Mexico.”
“Yeah, creep. If it weren’t for him, I would have chased after you. But, since you were involved with him, somehow, I ended up with Deidre. Sure, she was pretty, but you were fun.”
“Oh, so I am not pretty?”
Kevin gazed into my eyes. “Sweetie, Deidre was pretty. Who cares? There are a lot of pretty girls out there. You were, and are, gorgeous.” His words generated warmth inside of me, and I melted. 
He caressed my hair and tenderly stared at me. Chills ran up my spine. I liked the way he looked at me. “I would have loved you for a girlfriend but somehow ended up with Deidre. I think I stayed with her because she kept me close to you.”
“Why didn’t you go after me when Alejandro left?”
“Well, you never took interest in me; you were busy chasing other guys. Plus, I didn’t want to come between two best friends. So, I just kept going with the flow, and it worked.”
“You know, I had a crush on you since the day we met as well. Unfortunately, I was with Alejandro, and then you were Deidre’s man. I just buried that crush until Deidre’s death pushed us together.”
He smiled, then continued, “We graduated and had a monstrous party. I could tell that Deidre felt envious that she hadn’t stuck with school; however, she was also excited since our wedding was a week away. We all kept very busy after the graduation. You were just as busy because you were the maid of honor.”
“How old were we?”
“We were all 25. Oh, sweet 25, to be that age again. What a wonderful age. Anyways, we were to get married on Monday, Deidre and I. 
"It was Friday, and my friends were throwing me a bachelor’s party. Well, you know my friends; Deidre didn’t trust them.” I shook my head, for I never knew those friends.
“Oh well,” he replied. “My friends were a lot wilder than me. They had a risqué bachelor’s party planned. Deidre didn’t want me to go, but I told her it was the right of passage. This was when a boy became a man. Deidre was profoundly worried; call it a premonition. She felt something terrible was going to happen. She asked if she could pick me up after the party; I told her no way. I said she had to trust me if we were going to be husband and wife. She was also worried I might get drunk and would need a ride home. I told her that one of the guys could take me home. She said that wouldn’t work because they would all be drunk too. I refused the idea of her coming and checking up on me. She was so disturbed; she asked if at least I would allow you to pick me up. I was angry, but I agreed.
“We had the party, and it wasn’t as wild as Deidre thought it would be. I did, however, end up getting drunk. I kept true to my promise and had you come pick me up. I knew your whole reason for being there was to spy on me for Deidre. When you went to the party, I had you come in. You didn’t mind because you thought I had cute friends. We all ended up in a game of football in the backyard. 
During one of your tackles, you must have lost your keys. We searched everywhere and couldn’t find them. It was getting late; you said you would just call Deidre to have her come pick us up. I had actually thought that you and Deidre had planned that. I wasn’t going to let Deidre trick me and show up. I offered to walk you home instead. It was a pretty clear night, and you loved taking walks.
“While we walked, you were cold. Neither one of us had a jacket. I did the gentlemanly thing and draped my arm around your shoulders to keep you warm. 
"I could feel your heat radiating off of your body. I could smell your sweet perfume. I could feel your heart pulsating in your body. I don’t know if it was years of oppressed feelings for you, Doug’s pushing, or just the alcohol, but my whole body was on alert. As we walked in silence, all I could do was be aware of the way you were making me feel. I began shaking; the touch of you was too much. I knew that in two days, I would marry Deidre, and then our friendship would change. I would be Deidre’s husband and would never have an opportunity for further possibilities with you. I knew that we would no longer be the dynamic trio that we were. I knew that this was my last chance in the world to make a move on you. I also knew I was a complete pig. I tried to hold back, but when you rested your alluring head on my shoulders, I couldn't hold back any longer. I turned my head into you and kissed you. I expected you to slap me; after all, I was engaged to your best friend. 
"But instead, to my surprise and complete elation, you returned the kiss. We stood there and kissed for probably an hour, right there on the sidewalk. 
"We eventually broke the kiss and just stared at each other. We didn’t know what to do. That was not supposed to happen, we both had loyalties to the same woman, and we were breaching them. You apologized profusely. I just grabbed the back of your head and pulled you into me. We kissed again for probably just as long. Once again, when we stopped, we just stared at each other. 
"After the silence lingered, I had to break it. I told you that I loved you and had always loved you. I apologized for waiting until two days before I got married to tell you. I told you that if you loved me too, I would walk away from the marriage with Deidre and marry you. You were so frightened. You told me there was no way that we could do that to Deidre. 
"I agreed with you, but I also pushed the idea. I told you that our relationship would change; we couldn’t be the friends that we were. That night was our last goodbye if I married Deidre. You cried. You hated the thought of losing me. You confided in me that you had loved me for years. You just kept saying that you couldn’t break up our marriage. Your fidelity was to Deidre.
“We went to a park and swung. We were silent for a long time. You didn’t know what to do. You told me that I must marry Deidre and that she was never to learn about any of this. 
"I was sick inside. Things ached. It was all wrong. I couldn’t marry Deidre. I was in love with you. You agreed you loved me as well. We went to the merry-go-round and just held each other. It was kind of our goodbye to each other. We stayed and watched the sunrise.
You felt you better get home; Deidre would be worried about you. Just as we were getting up, our lips met for one more time. Our kiss was so beautiful, so magnificent, and so right. We had a tough time breaking it off, but we did. Then, I finished walking you home.
“As we approached your apartment, Deidre was on the steps bawling. She could observe that something had changed with us. She imagined we had been ‘together’ in the biblical sense and told us she had driven to the party searching for us. My friends told her that I had walked you home hours ago. She spent most of the night searching for us. After she couldn’t find us, she went home and waited.
“You were shaking; you didn’t want her to know that we were in love. As we approached the apartment and you saw her on the steps, you whispered to me that I must still marry her, and Deidre was never to know about our kiss. As I saw her bawl, it did nothing for me. I had no compassion for her; instead, it was resentment. I didn’t want to marry her. I wanted you. She was the one who was getting in the way of our happiness together. Deidre yelled at us. She asked what we had done. You promised her that we hadn’t slept together. She decided to believe you because I had never slept with her. That wasn’t my way. I wanted to wait for marriage to be with a woman.”
I pondered the conception of Ben and how we had broken all the rules in my timeline.
“Deidre could still tell that something had changed with us. You shook and promised her that we had spent the night talking. You said to her that we had realized that our friendship would change after the marriage. You promised her that we were just saying goodbye. I stood in silence; I didn’t want to justify anything to her. She was certainly angry, but she didn’t have much of a choice. She planned to marry me on Monday, so she went to bed. You followed her in the house, and I was left on the porch. I hoped to tell her the truth that I couldn’t marry her, but I didn’t want to hurt your friendship. I decided I would still marry her to spare you.
“Deidre and I didn’t see each other on Sunday. I spent all the day weighing the pros and cons of marrying her. The only one admirable reason I saw to the union was sparing your guys’ friendship. I was so upset and antsy; I needed to be with you.
“Deidre had spent Sunday night at her parent’s house so they could have one last great night as a family. We had the church scheduled at 1 pm to get married on Monday. I didn’t sleep the whole night. Finally, I decided, screw the friendship, I want to marry you. I ran to a jewelry store and bought you a diamond ring three times the cost of Deidre’s ring. I needed you to know that I was serious and that you meant more to me than Deidre. I arrived at your apartment at 10:45. You were about to leave to help Deidre.
“When you opened the door, I got down on one knee and presented you with the ring. I said, “Stacey Olson, will you marry me?” You turned your back on me and went into the apartment. You paced around the house, talking a mile a minute. I think that you were weighing the pros and cons of marrying me. You loved Deidre so much, but you loved me also. 
"You told me that I encompassed all that you had dreamed in a man. I was the reason that you never got serious with anyone because they would never compare to me. You talked about your loyalty to Deidre. You were going a little cuckoo on me.
“About an hour later, the phone rang. It was Deidre. She asked why you weren’t with her at her parent's house. You fabricated a bull story about how you had spilled your breakfast on your maid of honor dress and that you had been working on getting the stain out. You told her you would meet her at the church in five minutes. You hung up the phone and came over to me. You told me that you loved me, but you loved Deidre as well. You told me I needed to get to the church. I wrapped my arms on top of your pretty shoulders and pulled you into me. I planted my lips on your lips and kissed you as tenderly as I could. In all my life, I have never had such a powerful kiss. I could feel eternity pass between us. You felt it too because we kissed for a while, then you pulled away and just kept saying, “Oh man, oh man. That was powerful.” We kissed again, and then you pulled back. You took the ring out of the palm of your hand and slipped it on your finger.
“Yes, Kevin Caldwell, I will marry you!” you declared.
"Do you know how wonderful that sounded? We kissed again. We were both cowards and didn’t dare go to the church and tell Deidre that the wedding was off. You knew that your friendship would be destroyed. We hastily packed up your things from the apartment. You left all the big things you owned: your couch, your TV, most of your dishes, and your bed. I told you I would buy you all new things. We took off as quick as we could before someone came looking for you.”
I rested my hand over my mouth; I could not accept that I would do something so scandalous. 
How could I betray my closest friend in the world?
“We didn’t know what to do. I knew that I would have a lot of explaining to do to all of my wedding guests. I was too chicken to deal with it at the time, so we decided to run to Vegas and elope.”
My jaw dropped as I stared at Kevin in disgust.
“You mean I got married in Vegas?”
“Sorry,” Kevin said, “It was kind of my fault. I had to hurry and marry you before you changed your mind. Anyways, we got married in Vegas, and then we went to Yellowstone for a two-week honeymoon. That whole time I hadn’t called my family to explain anything. 
"You had called yours, because you knew that they would be worried about you. You told them what we had done. Your parents were disgusted with us. It took them time, but they forgave us.”
“I bet Doug was livid. I am sure you embarrassed him by not showing up to the wedding.” I liked the idea of humiliating Doug.
“Yes, Doug was highly embarrassed by me leaving Deidre at the altar. However, he was so excited when he found out that I had married you instead of Deidre. Doug forgave me in no time and immediately accepted you into the family.”
“How did Deidre react?”
“Well, I heard that it was devastating on her. I didn’t mind. You did, but you were too scared to apologize to her, so you never did.”
“You mean I never told her I was sorry?”
“No, not once, ever. We didn’t think it was a good idea, and we were sure she wouldn’t listen to an apology.”
I dragged the blanket over my head. I moaned and rocked back and forth. “No wonder Deidre hates me. How could I do that to her? What a tramp I am. Oh man, how could I do that?”
Kevin snatched the blanket off my face. "You are NOT a tramp. I, for one, am thrilled with the way things turned out. I know that Hailey is as well. I also know that you are too. We have had a stupendous life. We were meant to be together, even if we had to go about it in a nonconventional way. It just means that we strived hard for our marriage, and it will last anything thrown our way, even a bit of amnesia.” Kevin flashed me a wink.


CHAPTER 14


Great, there he is to ruin my day! I had been resting on the balcony when Doug pulled up in his white Toyota. I didn't want him there. My heartbeat revved up. Did I have to see him again? Besides, he came to return Hailey. It would be like babysitting someone else's kids, but worse, because she wouldn't leave at the end of the day.
My heart ached for my children. Could their lives cease to exist? What a painful thought. My most beautiful children were only a figment of my imagination, but nothing to the rest of the world.
Hailey bounded out with too much energy, dancing around the car as she waited for Doug to follow her. Doug had wanted to keep Hailey for more time, but he needed to return to work. I suggested shipping Hailey to Kevin’s mother in Washington, but Kevin 'needed' his daughter home, ready to stitch his family back together. He begged me to act normal for Doug, hoping I would feel Doug's kind feelings for me.
Kevin coached me about the mannerism I used around Doug. He had even bought me a designer pink ring neck dress to wear while Doug was there. The dress hung divinely on my medium figure, but was it me? I wasn't sure. I was a T-shirt and jeans type girl. If it cost more than five dollars at the thrift, then it was too expensive for me. Kevin loved how I looked in it; however, I had difficulty accepting this was my style, so unlike me to wear anything like the dress.
I stayed on the balcony, not ready to put on my facade. As I waited for Doug to come to me, I picked at the polish on my pink nail line. I had my nails done earlier to distract my mind from life. The manicure had calmed me, but it didn’t change my apprehension. I looked at the dainty fuchsia roses stuck to my fingers. I plucked at the corner of one; it began to peel away. For the sake of my manicure, I decided to go inside and face Doug.
“Doug, so good to see you,” I plastered on a fake smile. I shot out my arms. We exchanged a constrained hug as his ribcage bore into my chest. He needs a wife to cook for him, then maybe he would gain some weight.
I turned from Doug and opened my arms wide to Hailey, “Sweetheart, Mommy missed you so much!” 
Hailey catapulted into my arms.
“Mommy, mommy, mommy,” she said, showering me in sloppy kisses. “Don’t ever leave me again!” 
Doug stood back and smiled.
I positioned Hailey on my right hip. Hailey molded her body into my side and tasted my neck with her tongue.
“Doug,” I asked, hiking Hailey’s small body up a little higher. “Can I get you a drink?”
“Oh yes, how about sparkling cranberry juice?” Doug replied. He picked up a Kleenex and dabbed at his extra-long nose. I would hate a nose that big.
I flashed Doug another one of my pseudo smiles and left him to become his servant.
I side-packed Hailey into the kitchen with me. Sitting Hailey on a barstool at the island, I allowed my manikin’s smile to slump into a frown. I didn’t mind serving Doug, but I didn’t like acting so stuffy. I looked at my ring-knit dress, “It lacks pearls,” I mumbled. “I almost fit the 1950’s little wife profile. Just call me June Cleaver.”
I found two sparkling cranberry juices in the pantry, pulled them from the shelf, filled two burgundy wine glasses with the bubbly liquid, and added ice cubes.
“I want some, mommy. I want some juice.” Hailey begged. I searched everywhere until I found the toddler cups. I poured a bit of the juice into a pink Dora sipper cup and handed it to Hailey.
“I don’t want the Dora cup. I want Barbie cup!” Hailey barked at me. She flung her Dora cup across the kitchen.
“Excuse me!” 
Miffed, I picked up the cup and returned it to Hailey. “I gave you the Dora cup. It is just as good as the Barbie cup.” Hailey took the cup and chucked it at my head and knocked me in the cheek. How could a little cup hurt so much? I had no patience for Hailey's atrocious attitude. None of my children acted like that.
“Hailey, if you ever do that again, I will spank your bum. Now you listen here. This is your last chance. If you want juice, you’ll have it in the Dora cup.” I picked up the cup and once again presented it to Hailey. Hailey swat the bottom of my hand, and the cup plummeted to the floor.
Hailey screamed, her round face turning dark red. “I want Barbie. I want Barbie. I want Barbie. Mommy, you are stupid.”
I glared at Hailey, “And you are a brat.” I walked the cup to the sink as Hailey carried on louder. I could hear Doug approaching the kitchen. I preferred to appear like I had control, so I hurried and filled the Barbie cup up.
“Please stop crying. Here is Barbie," I said as I handed the cup to Hailey. Hailey grasped the cup in her stout hands, but her demeanor didn’t change. 
 “Hailey, if you smile, I will get you ice cream after Uncle Doug leaves.” I tried to bribe Hailey into submission. She bought my bribe and painted a smile on her face. Just in time, Doug entered the kitchen.
“Is something wrong?” he asked.
I turned to him. 
“Yeah, Hailey was just crying because she said she never wanted to go to Uncle Doug’s again.” I smiled, pleased with my quick comeback and even more pleased with my slam on Doug. Hailey happily drank her juice.
Ignoring my ribbing, Doug downed his juice in one big gulp, his prominent Adam’s apple bobbing up and down. He found a napkin and dabbed the small red stain above his lip, then placed the napkin in the trash.
"I brought a movie we can watch in your theater room. I love watching movies here way more than on my tiny TV at home." 
Great. Can't wait to spend even more time with you.
Doug looked at his watch. "Kevin should be home soon to join us."
I smiled at Doug and turned away. I didn't want to watch a movie with anyone.
Kevin came home with pizza. The four of us went to the theater room, reclined to a movie, and dined on pizza. 
As Doug ate his pizza, he kept messing with his nose, almost picking it.
Stop already!
He looked like an idiot with smudged pizza sauce right on the tip of his nose, the sauce looking like a zit. I had to hold my giggle in every time I looked his way.
During the movie, I bundled Hailey’s body tightly in a blanket and cuddled with her. She reminded me of cherubim, all chunky and cute. Was this the same monster that threw a fit over which cup she drank out of? I would break her of that horrible side. Guilt picked at me for giving in earlier, but I didn't need Doug judging one more thing about me. When we were alone, Hailey was going to learn manners.
Hailey fell asleep as soon as the movie started and snored lightly in my arms. At times, while I held her, I closed my eyes and pretended I had Ben or Lil’ Dee. At least the illusion felt good.
When the movie ended, we lingered in silence. Finally, Kevin shut the night down.
“Hey, sweetheart, let me put Hailey to bed.” He whispered, trying not to wake Hailey. I looked over at Doug, who was currently picking popcorn out of his teeth. I didn't want to be left alone with him.
“Thanks,” I whispered back. “But I’ve got her.”
Kevin pulled Hailey and me out of the recliner. I inhaled his sweet cologne, loving this new smelling Kevin, much better than the pungent odor he had in our other life. Our clothing rustled as I stood up. Thankfully Hailey stayed asleep. I continued to cradle her to her bedroom. She seemed like a porcelain doll while she slept. 
I gently laid Hailey into the crib, still wrapped in her blanket. I would have given anything to let my kids have a crib like this one. The wood was painted white, and it looked perfect and new. I tucked another blanket on Hailey. She was a cute girl. Would I develop loving feelings for her?
As I straightened up, I glanced about the nursery and found the décor astounding. The room had an ocean theme, as if someone caught the waves outside and brought them into the nursery.
I had longingly dreamed of a themed nursery for my babies. I never even had the chance. When my kids were young, they were crammed in the second bedroom of our trailer home. Not only did the second bedroom serve as the nursery, but it was also the office and storage room. It had been extremely cramped. We had no money or space to decorate.
I slowly strolled back to the theater room, scrutinizing every detail of the hallway. I liked the pictures on the walls. I recognized the artist’s name, Andrew Siaw, from Malaysia. He was a contemporary Asian artist who painted in watercolor, soft pastel, acrylic, mixed media, oil, Chinese ink painting, and calligraphy. 
It looked like I owned three of his originals, mounted and showcased on my wall; they were: Safe Landing Ducks, Sarawak Cannibal Pitcher Plant, and Huangshan. His harmonious style mesmerized me. I used to carry some of his postcards in my purse. But now I owned three originals! I liked how it felt to be rich.
As I studied my treasured canvases, I noticed the hallway smelt of lilac emanating from the Glade Plug-Ins. What a fresh spring-like smell, unlike the moldy smell from the trailer. As I lingered in front of a Huangshan, I could hear Doug’s and Kevin’s hushed voices.
Listening to their muffled tone, I knew they talked about me. I inched closer to the theater room’s open door, extra quiet to hear the crap they said about the “kooky wench” that I had become.
I got as close to the door as I dared. I could hear Kevin's tenor voice, and he was defending me. “…and all that I read said that she will come out of this. We have to give her time.”
“And what if she doesn’t?” Doug challenged.
“I married her for sickness and health. I am not just going to walk out on her because she doesn’t remember our past.”
“Nor her own daughter!” Doug interjected.
“You saw her tonight. She was doing great. She held Hailey during the movie. Tonight felt like nothing had happened. Life felt normal. How can she deny her bond with Hailey when they snuggled like that? 
"Hailey is so cute that even a complete stranger would fall in love with her. Stacey adores Hailey, and it won’t take long for her to remember that. Give her time. She is coming around. We have a wonderful marriage, a wonderful…”
“Had.” Doug interrupted.
I wanted to slug Doug.
“We HAVE a wonderful marriage, a wonderful daughter, a wonderful home, wonderful careers, and a wonderful supporting brother.”
“Don’t get me wrong, Kevin, I love her. I think this whole amnesia bit is an act. No one goes to the fair and spontaneously forgets their entire life. Do you know what I think? I think she ran into an old lover, and she is trying to get out of this marriage.”
“Oh, Doug, stop it!” Kevin’s voice elevated. “She wouldn’t invent that story. You didn’t see her at the fair. She was hysterical. This is real to her...”
“What are you going to do when you come home from work and find that she has locked Hailey in her room all day?”
"Doug,” Kevin’s voice deepened as he warned him. “I am no longer having this conversation with you. You have overstepped your bounds. I believe it is time for you to be going home.”
After several minutes of silence, Doug piped up. “You know Mandy Hershberger invited me over for dinner. Do you think I should go?”
“What?” Kevin agitatedly asked.
“Mandy Hershberger invited me for dinner. I am just not sure I should go. Do you know what she did last time I was over there? I had resigned myself to the idea that I would never…”
I walked away from the theater room feeling proud of Kevin. He had stuck up for me, and that helped me love him even more. He had never defended me in our other life. Suddenly, I felt more secure than I had. I paused at the nursery and gazed in again at Hailey. 
I wiped a tear from my eye and headed to my bedroom.


CHAPTER 15


Make the crying stop! I want to sleep. Hailey’s hysterics blasted through the monitor, stealing my slumber. I turned to Kevin but found his spot empty. It was 7:15 am, not incredibly early, just early enough. Sleepily, I went to Hailey’s room. She stood in the crib with a mixture of snot and tears smeared around her face, her hair matted. She reached her pudgy arms high, bidding me to rescue her. I lifted Hailey out of the crib and held her close.
Little Hailey smelt just like Lil’ Dee did in the mornings. Even though the smell was terrible, I couldn’t stop inhaling it deeply, how it made me feel like I held Lil’ Dee. My body swelled with powerful feelings; the way that only smell memories can trigger them. I stood smelling while my eyes stung from tears. Hailey didn’t mind the long cuddle. Finally, the feelings became too intense for me, and I promptly dropped Hailey in the swivel glider. Annoyance filled me, revving its face of intemperament. I didn’t want to babysit Hailey; I longed for my kids. 
If I couldn’t have them, I didn’t care to raise another in their place. I didn’t have the stamina to create a relationship with Hailey, and I wanted to be left alone. Did I have to spend my days watching her?
To divert my negative thoughts, I went to the closet and investigated Hailey’s things. 
I found a cute white and yellow-flowered tunic. The price tag was still attached $69.00. Would I honestly spend $69.00 on a toddler's outfit? All it would take was one day to soil the thing, heck, one hour.
Clicking my tongue, I carried the outfit to Hailey.
“Here you go, sweetie, here is a cute outfit. Let’s get you dressed for the day.” I tried to use the sugariest sweet voice I could muster. Hailey took the outfit and unexpectedly chucked it on the floor.
“I hate that one! I hate it.” Hailey sprung off the rocker and ran to the window seat. 
She lifted the lid back and reached inside, pulling out a stuffed rabbit, she brought it close to her body. I picked the outfit off the floor and straightened out the wrinkles Hailey had already added to it. As I did, Hailey threw her rabbit on the floor.
“Fine, what will you wear?” I questioned, striving to remain composed. Hailey just ignored me and lugged more toys out. I had moved out of the parenting stage of toddlers. Now, I was expected to embrace it.
“You can play with me if you want,” Hailey said so prettily. I glanced at her with her ever-growing collection of toys.
“I don’t want to play right now; it’s too early in the morning. Right now, it is time to get dressed and have breakfast. We can play later.” I went to the closet and hung the adorable outfit back up. I found a floral dress. I read the tag, silk.
“Pure silk! Who in their right mind dresses a toddler in pure silk?” The dress had a matching light pink bloomer with a tulle ruffle along the hem. “Dry clean only.” Hailey’s wardrobe flabbergasted me. Both of our wardrobes were high maintenance, with a handful of clothes that still had tags on them. 
Who bought such expensive outfits and then never used them? I had never bought myself that type of delicate clothing. It’s funny how people change when they have money. I carried the silk bloomer set to Hailey.
“How about this one? It will make you feel like a princess.” 
Hailey didn’t glance up, too busy lining her toys in a straight line.
“Hailey, I am talking to you. You need to look at Mommy when I talk to you.” Hailey looked up momentarily, her cheeks rosy and her color bright. 
“How about wearing this cute silky outfit? It will feel so cozy on your skin.” I tried to rub the material on her skin, but she knocked my hand away.
“No wanna get dressed. Wanna stay in jammies all day.” Hailey said, taking the outfit and shoving it into the window seat. Tenson built inside me like a science project volcano. I was baking soda, and Hailey was vinegar. 
"You will get dressed," I barked, then changed my mind. "What do I care?" She could stay in her pajamas all day. It didn't matter. My stomach growled—time to eat. I left Hailey with her toys while I left to make breakfast.
As I ventured into my fantasy kitchen, my spirit lifted.
"I will not let that brat get to me," I said out loud, searching for food. I found Chamomile tea and a canister of oatmeal. As the tea and oats cooked, I noticed a single rose placed on the counter with Kevin's note. He told me he loved me and that he had left for work. He would be back at 10 pm.
10 pm! "I can't be left alone with Hailey for 14 hours!"
I scanned the newspaper. 
Hailey walked into the kitchen.
“I’m hungry!”
I looked up from my paper. “Great, there goes my serenity.”
“Would you like banana oatmeal? There are raisins in it, yum yum.” I sang out.
“I hate oatmeal. I want licious cereal,” Hailey demanded.
“You want what?”
“Licious cereal,” Hailey repeated.
“I don’t know what you mean by ‘licious’ cereal.”
“Yes, you do, the one with mellows in it.”
“Oh, you probably mean delicious cereal.” I went into the pantry and grabbed a box of sugary cereal, then bowed as I presented it to Hailey.
“Will this do, your highness?” I mockingly asked.
“Yay, licouis cereal, licouis cereal!” Hailey chanted in excitement. I put Hailey up on the barstool and placed her cereal in front of her. Immediately, Hailey picked out the marshmallows and, with her chunky fingers, shoved them into her mouth.
I brought my oatmeal to the island, where I sat next to Hailey. All her marshmallows were gone, while the rest of her cereal remained untouched.
“More cereal,” she ordered.
“What do you mean more? Your bowl is still full of cereal.”
“I want more mellows.”
“I am not giving you more until you eat all of your cereal.”
“I want more mellows,” Hailey demanded again.
“Listen, Hailey. I am not going to fight with you. You can have more cereal when you eat ALL of your cereal!”
“MORE MELLOWS!” Hailey yelled. 
"You are horrific. Listen, I don't listen to wailing." I grabbed her cereal bowl and tossed it into the sink. Milk and cereal splashed the sides of the sink.
“I am not giving you more MARSHMALLOWS,” I barked back. I had been a patient mother to my kids. However, I had no patience for the brat, probably because I had no connection to her. 
"I can't believe my perfect angels were stolen from me and replaced by you." 
I sat back at the island and resumed eating my oatmeal. Resentment overcame me, and I wanted to run away.
Hailey screamed and bawled even louder. I ignored her. 
When Hailey realized her fit was not getting attention, she decided to try something different.
“Can I have a bite?” She asked as she slowed her crying.
I didn’t glance up, “I thought you DIDN’T like oatmeal,” I said coolly.
“I will like yours,” Hailey said, trying to act cute. I ignored her. I was still mad from the cereal fight. “I bet you would like me to like yours,” Hailey replied.
“Okay. Just one bite,” I gave her a bite.
“Mmm. I love it. Can I have another bite?” Hailey asked.
I shoved another spoonful into her mouth. “That’s yummy,” she said in her innocent voice. “I want more.” She stole my spoon and proceeded to finish my oatmeal. I let her because I didn't want to fight her anymore.
Hailey created a huge mess with the sticky food, mucking up the island, the floor, and herself. 
"I can't take this." I didn't want to see her plaster everything in a gummy mess, so I tried to take the bowl back.
“I’m still eating!” Hailey wailed.
“No, you are just making a mess.”
“Stupid Mommy,” Hailey shouted.
I had never spanked my other kids, but I was tempted to now. I turned from the child and carried the bowl to the sink while singing a hymn to calm my agitation. When I had simmered, I turned back to the tyrant Hailey.
Using my sugar-coated voice again, I said,” Come on, pumpkin, let’s go take a bath.”
“Baths are stupid,” Hailey said. 
Exasperated, I chose not to battle the bath. Who cared if Hailey was dirty and gross; I didn’t?
“You either hate everything or think everything is stupid. It goes to show you that rich kids are just spoiled. I did a real bang-up job raising you,” I said to Hailey. We walked to the nursery, and Hailey managed to touch everything she could on the way, leaving a trail of sloppy fingerprints.
“You can play with me if you want,” Hailey called out in an angelic voice as she held up a pony for me to play with.
I ignored the toy. 
“Fine, if you don’t bathe, I don’t care. You can just stink and be sticky all day. How about we at least change your clothes? I will even let you pick the outfit.”
“I no wanna get dressed. I want my jammies," Hailey insisted.
Warn out, I plopped next to Hailey, “Whatever. I don’t care. Do what you want, you little brat. I guess you are used to getting your way.”
“I not a brat,” Hailey interjected. Her thick lower lip puckered out.
I felt a little bad for calling a three-year-old a brat. Repentantly, I received the offered pony and played with it. 
It was a little calming to make her happy and not fight with her. We played for over an hour. A friendly peace filled the nursery. After a while, my back hurt from slouching on the floor. Finally, I couldn’t handle it anymore. I spotted the bookcase and collected a handful of books, and plopped in the window seat.
“Come get a story, Hailey.”
That caught the toddler’s attention. After I read a huge pile of stories, I said, "How about getting dressed now?"
Hailey stuck out her tongue and ran out of the room. Irate, I noticed the seashell clock was a little past ten am. Time lagged slower than molasses drips. I gathered the books and arranged them back on the self. 
"I still have twelve more hours of this."
My head ached. I needed to step outside. Maybe exploring my yard would speed up the time. 
Hailey happily joined me for the anticipated adventure. My home was set on a ridge, surrounded by fascinating plants, shrubs, and trees, leaving little room for open grass. I liked the sweet fragrance. As I walked on the cobblestone path, butterflies flittered next to my head and body. I studied the butterflies' graceful movements, and I touched and smelled the flowers. My troubles floated with the breeze that blew over. I strolled to the shrubs and bushes. Hailey continued chasing butterflies; they were slowing for the season. 
"Can I have?" she asked, picking an elderberry.
"Sure, I'll be back." I ran to the kitchen, grabbed a bowl, and then returned to pick Cascade Oregon Grapes from a purplish-green evergreen shrub. Moving to the berries, I filled the bowel with huckleberries, elderberries, raspberries, and blueberries.
Now, this was a dream! They certainly would make a great salad. 
It was barely past noon when I returned to the kitchen. "Will this day ever end?"
"I want berries," Hailey said with excitement.
“We better wash you off before you eat anything,” I said, noticing the mess she already made from her dirty hands and feet. 
I tried to direct Hailey toward the sink. Instead of listening, Hailey giggled and ran to her room, leaving a trail of muddy footprints behind.
I followed Hailey to the nursery, where she had already dumped a basket of toys all over the floor. “Let’s play toys,” she sang.
I grabbed a towel out of her bathroom and cleaned her feet off while she played.
I was too tired to entertain Hailey anymore. It was time to turn on the electric babysitter. I carried Hailey into the theater room and turned on a child’s movie. 
Hailey immediately became in-captured by it. Realizing that I was still in pajamas, I went to the master bedroom to change. 
Watching Hailey pooped me out. 
I lay on the bed, sinking into its pillow top. The moment to myself felt amazing. I would just lay there for a moment.


CHAPTER 16


I could accept this, couldn't I? -Living on the beach. 
Overhead, seagulls flew by, squawking. The outdoors lightened my mood. It wouldn’t be long before winter would frost the air. I would enjoy as many warm days as I could.
Hailey had a massive collection of shells, and each new one deepened her delight as she danced and squealed. Seeing her happy and not angry felt refreshing.
I watched her pure joy as the burdens of the world released from my shoulders. Her childlike enthusiasm was positively catchy as she sucked me into her world. 
Faint guitar strumming drifted across the beach, pulling my attention away from Hailey. As the music came closer, a figure approached us, carrying a pitch-black guitar. I shifted my weight onto my left leg and squinted to see the guitar better. A lady glided toward us, effortlessly floating across the beach, with her black hair mystically flowing around her face. 
I had the odd sensation that I had heard her music before. Her animated snake tattoos slithered around her arms, and my arms tingled at the sight.
Unexpectedly the tides switched and angrily crashed into the rocks. Simultaneously, the lady’s complexion turned ashy grey. Her red lips dripped huge drops of crimson blood, which rolled down her chin. Her magenta tongue darted out of her mouth as she lapped up the blood. -So creepy!
"Ahh!" I screamed when her tongue split at the end, like a snake’s tongue. 
My stomach wrenched in knots. 
Instantly, I recognized her. “Asp!” 
My extremities became solid as stone as if she was Medusa. I had waited so long to meet with Asp again, yet I couldn’t move. What was going on? I couldn’t lose strength now. How I longed to leap forward and strangle the devil lady, the lady who cast me in this hell. 
She was the one who kept my kids captured. She was the one that left me without memories of my new life. Asp continued playing her guitar. Her voice lost the allure it had at the fair; in fact, it had turned shrill. 
The pitch increased until I felt my eardrums would pop. I had to stop her singing; I must tackle her. I needed to get Lucifer’s wife to return my children and undo my prison. I struggled and pushed with all my might until I broke free of my paralysis. I lunged for Asp, grasping for her throat. 
Just as my hands contacted the neck of Asp, Asp dissipated into thin air and reappeared behind me.
“Return my children to me!” I screamed. 
My voice had emerged. I again tried to tackle Asp, but it was in vain. 
She kept herself cleverly out of reach.
“And lose all this?” Asp questioned as she motioned toward my house on the hill and to Hailey.
“I don’t care about any of that,” I yelled. “I want my babies back.”
“You could have had it all,” Asp said.
The wind picked up around Asp, and sand blew everywhere. Lightning and thunder shook the beach. As Asp stood there, her clothing rippled upward. The wind lifted Asp's dress high above her waist. Suddenly, from beneath Asp's dress, Ben and Lil’ Dee materialized. 
Their faces twisted in fear. 
They acted confusedly and frightened. 
They just stood there huddled together. 
A flash of elation surged in me. 
My children!
Immediately, I hurled myself toward them. My heart leaped at the exhilaration I felt seeing them alive.
Bewitchingly, Asp transfigured into a giant Cobra as I approached. Its thick massive body tore through Asp’s clothing. Giant drops of liquid glimmered over its surface. 
Its tongue vibrated in and out of its mouth. Hastily, I enclosed myself on top of Lil’ Dee and Ben. Thankfully, I had reached them before the cobra did. I had never experienced something so ominous and frightening before. The children howled in utter terror, their faces whitening and their bodies shaking among the dark magic. I felt just as afraid, but I had to stay composed so we could escape from Asp. 
With one arm securing my children, I bent and picked up a conch shell. Violently, I chucked the shell at the cobra’s head. The snake stretched open its behemoth mouth and swallowed the shell.
"No!"
My eyes found an enormous piece of driftwood within arm’s reach. I picked it up and ran full speed at the cobra and smashed it into the cobra’s side. Splinters shoot off in several directions. 
The cobra wrapped its jaws around the end of the log and sunk its fangs into the wood. Coiling its neck back, it yanked the weapon out of my hands. 
What would I do for protection? I glanced back at my kids. At that instance, the snake shot past me and lurched toward the children. It encircled its thick body about Ben and Lil’ Dee.
"No!" I ran toward my kids, and extended my hand past the snake's colossal body, and captured Ben’s hand. The soft touch of my son gave me an electric surge of energy. My son was in my fingers as vigor overtook the fear. I tried to yank Ben away. Without releasing Ben, the cobra swung its head forward and came directly at me. 
Two fangs pierced deeply in my hand. 
The prick shot in my body, seizing every one of my nerves. Catapulting backward, I landed on my back. I couldn’t help withering all over the sand as the toxin controlled my body. The children cried in horror. Their mother had been bit by the snake. 
Were they next?
During the whole calamity, Hailey May silently watched the horrifying events. Unaffected and in her childlike innocence, she dropped her shells and walked to the cobra. Curiosity had dominated any sense of reason she may have had. 
As I saw the toddler reach the snake, I tried to scream, but I found no voice; the venom had turned my tongue into a thick mass. I had to stop Hailey before the cobra noticed me. Fighting my week muscles, I found no success. Hailey fearlessly stood under the cobra. The snake opened its monstrous mouth and wrapped it over the young girl’s head. In one leviathan swallow, it consumed Hailey May.
Satisfied at the trade, the cobra uncoiled its clutches from Ben and Deidre. Turning, it approached me and stood face to face with me. I could feel the hot air as the snake breathed directly on me. Its breath smelt like rotting flesh. As I stiffly lay there, we became locked in a stare. The snake hissed and slid around my body. It constricted upon me, squeezing me into a death grip. 
That was it. 
I was going to die. 
Despair loomed over me. Then, suddenly and entirely unforeseen, the snake turned and slithered into the ocean.
“Mommy!” My petrified children ran to my side. 
I had my children back, and now life could move on. With an electrifying surge, I forced my arm out and seized Ben’s hand.
"My boy,” I cried through my thick tongue.
"It ate her!” Doug hollered, his voice sounding raspy. 
Doug had been making his way down to the beach from the house. He had arrived just in time to watch Hailey May become swallowed up.
"It swallowed her whole.” Doug screeched in panic. “Where did Hailey go? Did that snake just eat my niece?” Doug was horrified; his brown eyes looked like they were going to explode out of their sockets. His body shook as he yelled every word.
Nodding, I felt terrible. I could scarcely conceive what had just transpired. I felt significant sorrow that the cobra had eaten Hailey. I had always known the price of my children’s return might involve Hailey. 
I hoped it wouldn’t be that way, but Hailey wasn’t real. My children were real, and I was so happy to have them back. Ben and Lil’ Dee showered me in kisses. Oh, how I wanted to feel their lips' wetness but couldn’t because of the snake's poison in me. 
The price was worth it this time. I would die on the beach, and my children would live.
“Stacey,” Doug shrilled again. “Where is my niece? Where is Hailey?” Doug had almost reached me.
I could recognize the panic in Doug but had no sympathy for him. I had just spent the last couple of weeks in an unimaginable hell. 
His turn.
Now, everyone would know I wasn't crazy. Others would feel the torment that I had known hourly. Being with my kids again was miraculous. I maliciously enjoyed my heart mending while Doug’s broke. 
I gazed at my precious, precious children, and my love for them overcame me. As I caressed their faces, I felt so peaceful.
In the background, Doug screamed at me. “Where is my niece? Where is she? Stacey, snap out of it, wake up. Did a snake really just devour her? Stacey, WAKE UP!” 
I ignored him, for I wanted to focus on my sweet reunion. Who cared about Doug’s pain?
Suddenly the heavens banged out with thunder, and the skies turned black as coal. The winds pelted cold rain on my head. I could hear Doug screaming as a gargantuan-sized tsunami rolled over us.
The frigid water shocked me. 
The briskness woke me up.
I gazed about, in bed, still in my pajamas. 
I wasn't on the beach. I was in my master bedroom soaking wet on my bed. 
Ben and Lil’ Dee! Where were they? 
Doug stood over me with an empty liquid pitcher. My head spun in circles. What was going on?
“Do you know where Hailey is?” Doug demanded.
"You saw the snake eat her." Was he stupid?
"What?" Doug's face twisted in disgust. “So this is how you watch my niece, by staying in bed all day. Do you even know where Hailey is?”
I peered at the alarm clock. 1:22pm. The fog cleared from my head. I had come in to change, and I must have fallen asleep.
Hailey, Hailey, where was Hailey? 
That’s right; I left her watching a movie.
“She is in the theater room watching a movie,” I said.
My heart dropped. 
If Hailey was still here, then that meant that my children weren’t. Just seconds ago, I held my lost babies, and it had felt so real. Now, reality had returned, and I was forced back into a life without them.
Sitting up, I grabbed my blanket and wiped the chilly water off me. My hair, clothes, and bedding were drenched. I shivered as the air penetrated the wetness. -How nervy of Doug to welcome himself into my home. How dare he check up on me? Even worse, what right did he have to throw water on me as I slept in my own bed, in my own house?
“Hailey is watching a movie. I turned it on for her. I have not been sleeping all day. It just so happens that I came in here to get ready when I fell asleep for a moment.” I replied defensively.
“A moment, my eye, I have been here for at least a half an hour. I am not sure you even got out of bed today.”
“Doug,” I rebutted. “I know that this doesn’t look good; however, I will have you know that I have been up since 7:00 am. Hailey and I played with toys, read books, had breakfast, played outside, caught butterflies, and collected flowers and berries. I know it appears like I have been in bed all day, but I don’t have to justify myself to my intrusive brother-in-law, now do I?”
“If you have had so many adventures today, why haven’t you taken the time to dress Hailey? I found her in the theater room still in her pajamas with her hair matted and undone. Even worse than that, she soiled everything.”
I was embarrassed. 
I didn’t know what to say. Doug was right. It all reflected poorly on me.
“Doug, I really don’t have to explain to you why I took a quick cat nap. The world’s best mom still takes naps. I do feel bad that Hailey soiled herself. She must have done that during the movie. About her pajamas, I let her have a few choices and dictate when she would get dressed. Since we have no plans today, there is no harm in me nor her staying in our pajamas all day. I for one…”
Doug interjected, “You could have at least taught her a little personal hygiene, like brushing her hair, brushing her teeth, and using the toilet.”
“Doug, why did you come here today? Was it to check up on me? Like it or not, I am an adult, and Hailey is my child. I can raise her however I feel, even if that includes keeping her in pajamas all day.”
“I’ll have you know, I most certainly did not come here to check up on you. I would never dream of being that type of person. My boss didn’t have any appointments after lunch. I wanted to spend the afternoon with you and help you put up your Halloween decorations.”
Using an opposite angle, Doug softened his tone, “Listen, I think it is pretty important for Hailey to have the decorations up. Things have been intense for her, and any semblance of a normal life would be therapeutic for her little soul. Hailey needs to get back to her routine; back to what she is used to.”
Doug used manipulation in his fights. Did he not realize that Hailey was only three? She didn’t even remember what Halloween was. Hailey wasn’t expecting decorations. How could she? Using Hailey, that was real coy. I glanced at the clock; 1:29 pm. Time crept slower than a snail stuck in tar. I didn’t wish to spend the day with Doug, but if I let him stay, maybe he would entertain Hailey. I had nothing left for babysitting.
Biting my tongue, I said, “Doug, you are right. We should work with each other and put the Halloween decorations up for Hailey. It would mean so much to her.” I flashed Doug a hefty smile, suggesting that we were great friends. 
Doug’s demeanor shifted, for he loved being right. He grabbed my hand and yanked me out of bed.
“Why don’t you get dressed and meet us in the kitchen?” Doug suggested. Never once did he apologize for dumping a pitcher of water on me in my bed.


CHAPTER 17


Embarrassed, I entered the kitchen. I felt stupid getting ready for the day at almost 2:20 pm. 
There, at the island, Hailey sat dressed in a cute red and white striped dress. How did Doug get her out of pajamas? He had slicked her hair with two massive red bows that wrapped around her ponytails. She looked cute, fresh, and clean. Wasn’t Doug just a masculine form of Martha Stewart? As the youngster tried to finish her tuna fish sandwich, she picked the meat, eating a little bread and leaving all the crust. 
Chip crumbs littered around Hailey’s plate, lap, and floor. My stomach gurgled; I needed food. I had gotten so little of my banana oatmeal at breakfast. Was that the same day? Would this day ever end?
For the moment, Doug rummaged through the Halloween decorations that I had hauled out of storage, having no problem making himself at home.
I tried to give Doug a few ideas where I wanted things, but he had plans. He proceeded to decorate my entire house while ignoring everything I said.
He liked control.
After the home looked festive, we retired to the parlor with peppermint hot chocolate. 
Somehow, magically our problems disappeared. It felt pleasing to relax without strain amongst us. As I sprawled out on the davenport, I sipped my hot chocolate out of a Snoopy mug. The peppermint steam dampened my face.
Just then, the antique brass cradle telephone rang. 
Surprised, I picked it up, believing it was only for show.
“Oh, Stacey, it’s so welcome to hear your voice. This is Dr. Troy. How are things going?”
“Good,” I said, trying to mask my hesitancy. “Listen, I know I haven’t stuck to the treatment plan; I haven’t attended any counseling yet. I will, though. Please don’t worry about it. I will.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, Stace. I don’t need to know the details of your breakdown. We are calling to find out when you are coming back.”
“I don’t plan on coming back.” I abruptly interjected. I had no plans on ever returning to Samaritan Mental Health.
“What are you saying? Are you quitting?”
“I am not quitting treatment. I promise that I will stick to the treatment plan. I am just never coming back to the center.”
The man on the other end laughed hysterically. It took him a few minutes to regain his composure. “Did you think I was a doctor from the crazy house? Silly girl, it’s me, Dr. Troy.”
Baffled, I listened. "All of your projects are falling apart. We can’t run these projects without you anymore. I know that we promised Kevin to give you another month, but Stace, we need you.”
I just paused in silence. What was the guy talking about? What projects did I have? After several minutes of silence, Dr. Troy started in again.
“Stace, don’t feel bad; Grace is behind me telling me to go easy on you. Oh, yeah, and she is telling me to say ‘hi’ for her. Oh… so are Bruce and Janice. Everyone says hi, everyone misses you. Okay, this is my attempt to be gentler. Will you please come in to work tomorrow?”
My heart raced in excitement as I recalled Kevin mentioning I had a career. This must be my boss. I had incessantly dreamed of being a marine biologist. Now I was. How astounding. There were times I felt I would trade everything to finish school. I guess I had. My old, disappointed life had ended, and now I had a degree and a career under my belt. Was it worth it- doubtful?
I contemplated the idea of going to work. It couldn't be worse than this first day home with Hailey, the longest day of my life. It felt even slower than my days at the mental institution. Of course, some of those days, I had been pretty drugged up. Perhaps it was premature to go to work; however, I couldn’t concoct a better alternative. Holding a career meant I didn’t have to babysit Hailey. So, against logic, I naively accepted the invitation to return.
“I will be there. You can count on me.” I sung. After my conversation ended, I hung up the phone and settled back into the floral davenport. Maybe things were more splendid than I had allowed myself to notice. This was real. Stacie, a marine biologist!
That night I tossed and turned in my lonely king-size bed. My electrical system was sparking with anticipation, and it wouldn’t shut off. 
As I lay in bed, I yearned to have Kevin come home. It was 9:47 pm, a profoundly dull day. I never wanted another day like that again—no more housewife for me. I had forever abhorred filling out applications and forms that asked my profession: Housewife, domestic engineer, maid, slave, and any other un-glorified title that I could contrive. Now I would be putting Marine Biologist on every form I signed. I loved that I was educated and would demand respect in the scientific community.
Doug decided to spend the night. Why did he make himself at home with us? He had a room next to Hailey’s, full of his things. I wanted to donate it all to charity.
As I came out of my sleep, I could hear Doug and Kevin talking. I looked at the alarm clock, 12:45 am.
“Awfully late to be getting in,” Doug said.
I tiptoed to the hall where I could hear them.
“Wow, you’re not my mother.” Kevin’s voice went high as he replied.
“But I am here taking care of your home while you are gone, so I say that gives me room to question you, and don’t forget, I was born first.”
“What, by two minutes.”
“Still first.”
Silence.
“How’s things going with the wife?” Doug asked.
“I don’t want to talk about it; it’s late.”
“That bad,” Doug responded.
“I didn’t say anything bad. I am just tired.”
“You should be. Why are you coming home so late? If you were my husband, I would kill you for strolling in at this hour.”
“You are too ugly for me to marry.”
“Ugly? I look just like you.”
“Oh no. You might be the oldest, but I am the handsomest. 
Why do you think Stacey chose me and not you?”
“You are changing the subject. Why are you home so late?’
More silence.
“Kevin, please tell me you weren’t where I think you were.”
Silence
“Kevin! Your wife needs you. You should be home instead of going to their houses.”
“I know she needs me, but so does Ariel.”
“Brother, why do you bother with her? Let Ariel figure things out on her own. Does Stacey even remember them? Since her amnesia bit, your involvement with Ariel, and… what’s the other’s name?”
“Stephanie.”
“Yeah, Stephanie. If Stacey can’t remember them, you will have a whole lot of explaining to do. At this delicate time in her life, I just don’t think Stacey will approve.”
“That is why you are never going to tell her. I am not going to stop doing what I do. Stacey knew about it before. It is important. I know that you would never understand, and at this moment, I doubt that Stacey would, so you will not tell her.”
“Get to bed,” Doug growled.
I hurried and jumped in bed. I had just enough time to pull the covers around me when Kevin walked in. I pretended I was asleep. Another wrinkle had added to the mystery of my new life. Who were these people, and why did my husband want to keep them hidden from me?


CHAPTER 18


I couldn't fall back to sleep. Kevin woke me when he came to bed, but he kept picking a scab on his nose. I couldn't sleep with that going on. Finally, I couldn’t take it anymore.
“Kind of late, don’t you think” I interrogated. 3 am.
“Sorry, but I am not just getting in. I have been home for a while.” Kevin responded. His soft, moist lips brushed against mine.
“How was your day?” Kevin tenderly asked.
“Long,” I said as I sat up. I rubbed my eyes.
“Did all go well at home?”
“No. Did you know that your brother let himself into our house today? I had fallen asleep on the bed for a moment. He accused me of not watching Hailey. I am surprised he didn’t call you to tell you about it.”
“No, he didn’t call me. He just texted me five times about it.”
“Ugh, Kevin, what is he doing? I don’t need him to spy on me.”
“He’s not spying on you. Do you know how much he cares for Hailey?”
“He dumped a bucket of water on me in my own bed!” I shouted. Kevin snickered. “Don’t laugh. Your brother has a lot of gall to let himself into my home and my bedroom and then dump water on my head. I don’t have to live up to any of his standards.”
“Doug has a key. He often lets himself in. You have always been okay with it before.”
“I want that key back. I am not okay with it now.” I contorted my face; I didn’t like the idea of Doug having instant access to every part of my life.
“Come on, Stacey.”
“Don’t come on me. I had a terrible day. It is unrelenting to appease your spoiled little princess.”
“Who’s spoiled, my brother?” Kevin asked while his brown eyes widened.
“No, I am talking about Hailey. We ended up in many little battles, Hailey and me. That girl is so stubborn, unkind, selfish, and a whole lot of other adjectives that I shouldn’t use on a little girl.”
“Honey, she is three. What did you expect?” I could hear the edge in his voice.
“My kids, well, I mean, our kids were never that spoiled and selfish.”
“Get off yourself,” Kevin said, his tenor voice switching to a low base.
I rolled my eyes. 
I didn't want an argument. I desired compassion for my dull, drawn-out day. I decided to back off a little.
“I am sorry,” I said, rubbing the top of his hand. “I just had a miserable day. I had a lot of arguments with Hailey. I didn’t particularly enjoy your brother here dictating how I must decorate my home.”
“I am sorry. Thank you for trying so hard with Hailey. I know you don’t remember how important she is to you. Hailey is the center of your universe. Give her time, and you will remember how much you love her.”
I seriously doubted that, but I just nodded in compliance. My spirit brightened. “I have great news! I start back to work tomorrow.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa. You mean at the Hatfield Marine Science Center?”
“Yep,” I piped up.
“Oh, Stacey, you are not ready for that. They promised they would give you a month to sort things out. It has only been two weeks.”
“They said they can’t go on without me.” I proudly responded. I enjoyed being essential and needed.
“I’m sure they are right, but it’s too soon. You are not ready for this yet. Who talked to you?”
“Dr. Roy.”
“See, you don’t even know his name. It’s Dr. Troy.”
“Yes, that’s it.” 
I clapped my hands and walked to the hope chest. I picked up the Cavalli tuxedo pantsuit and held it up to my body.
Kevin laughed a high pitch reminding me of a hyena.
“Why are you making fun of me?”
“I am sorry. They would tease you mercilessly if you went to work wearing that. Worse than I am doing now.”
“Well, what should I wear?”
He went into the bathroom and returned with a faded cream tee shirt and khaki shorts. 
I twisted my mouth in disgust. “I have a master's in…What is my Masters's degree in?”
“Master of Arts in Interdisciplinary Studies in Natural Resource Management.”
“Wow, that’s a mouthful. Yea, so anyway, I have a master's in resource management, and I show up like I work at 7-11?”
“You are doing fieldwork. Do you want to get fish guts or seal barf on your tux?” He laughed at my naivety. Maybe he was right. The suit was overkill.
“What do I do with Hailey while I work?” I inquired.
“Sea Friends Day Care, you drop her off on your way to work.”
I nosedived into bed. I couldn’t wait to be a big shot. I imagined myself directing affairs at Hatfield, all important and prominent.
“I don’t think you are ready, but perhaps your memory will spark back to life in the place you love. We can only hope.”
I switched subjects. “Why did you come to bed so late?”
“I needed a little downtime. I was watching that old TV show M.A.S.H. I just bought all 11 seasons. I am on the third season right now.”
I frowned, “What a waste of a night.”
Kevin grinned, his thin lip curling up. “To you, it might be, but to me, it’s the perfect end to a day.”
I hoped to confront him on his conversation with Doug about the other women, but before we got into an argument, I wanted to learn a little more about our life, our routine.
“What time do you get up in the morning?”
“6:20.”
“Don’t you need more sleep?”
“I would love more sleep,” Kevin replied. “But, I can’t work my whole day and have absolutely no un-wind time. Movies unwind me.”
“Do you always work this much?”
“I work 60-75 hours a week, not counting the commute.”
“That’s ridiculous,” I shouted out. “When do we ever see each other?”
“Weekends.”
 I folded my arms and turned my back to Kevin. “That sounds like a crummy marriage to me.”
“I have no choice. Anyways, that’s how I provide you with all of this.” He waved his hand back and forth.
“Then let’s get a smaller house. I, for one, enjoy spending time with you.” I kept my back turned to him and picked at a loose string unraveling from the quilt.
“Sweetheart, be reasonable. You keep yourself so busy you seldom notice I am gone. This lifestyle works for us.”
“It might have worked for the Stacey that you think that I am, but it won’t work for me. I need you. I would pray that you needed me.” I pushed out my bottom lip into a pout and turned to face Kevin. I was trying to win sympathy from him.
He climbed out of bed and walked away from me. “My career has never been a source of contention for you. We are driven workers, driven to success. Succeeding at work and lengthy hours is our way of life. Don’t expect that to change."
“What do you do, anyway?” I asked.
“I am the Executive President and Chief Information Officer.”
“You have that job on a master’s degree?”
“No, I have a Ph.D. in…” Kevin began to say but was interrupted by me.
“When did you get a Ph.D.?”
“I think I was 28… Yeah, anyways, you pushed hard for me to return to school. It was the best move I ever made. You are good for me, you know. You keep me going.” He winked at me. For the moment, admiration replaced the contention.
“What do you do, ‘Mr. Executive President of...’ um of, what is your title again?”
“Chief Information Officer. I am responsible for the company’s assets. My position pretty much covers everything from data, telecommunications, development, and growth.”
“Wow, that sounds big. Do you travel a much?”
“Almost weekly.”
I felt my heart drop. The gloom of loneliness crept in me. Kevin had never left me before. Since our marriage 12 years ago, we had always spent nights together. I couldn’t imagine spending the nights alone.
“Don’t worry, Honey. I told them I needed a little time. I don’t travel again for another week and a half.”
“Where are you going?”
“Bangalore.”
“Banglawhat?” I tried to spit the words out.
“Bangalore, India. We are working on a solar cell that will bring power to towns that have no electricity. It is a phenomenal project. Can you imagine, not having electricity?”
I closed my eyes. 
I would rather go without electricity than go without Kevin. I didn’t want him to leave me. Was it even safe in India? “How long will you be there?”
He cleared his throat. I could tell he didn’t want to tell me. “Two weeks.”
“Two weeks!” 
I clamored, sitting up. “Two weeks! How am I supposed to handle being without you for two weeks?”
“Let me hire you a housekeeper and a nanny. You have always told me no before, but somehow I think that the ‘new you' would like one.”
“That’s a start,” I said tartly.
“Ok, what else?”
“Don’t go,” I pleaded.
“Come on, don’t do this. I have to go. I am sorry. This is our life. This is how we live. Why don’t you get involved with your friends? Gemma and Takeisha would love to do something with you. Go to the club. Become immersed in your job. You’ll find you are so busy with your routine; I will only get in the way.”
I pulled the covers over my head. My euphoria had departed. I didn’t wish to be married to a man who regularly left me. How could I trust a man who slept in hotel rooms or one that visited with girls named Ariel and Stephanie? Were they going with him to India? How could we have a blissful marriage if we never had time for each other? I buried myself in the blankets to escape his gaze. I loathed the new life.
Kevin put his hand under the blanket and rubbed my back. His long thin fingers relaxed me. “You probably don’t remember, but at the end of March, I have to do work in Switzerland. They need me for four months. You and Hailey will be coming. Doesn’t that sound fabulous? Four months in Switzerland!”
Switzerland sounded exciting. I had barely traveled in my lifetime. As a kid, my parents were poor, and Kevin and I had struggled financially as well. The idea of a foreign retreat could be enticing.
“I need to get to sleep. We can talk about this later.” Kevin said.
The thought about Switzerland made me forget to ask about Ariel and Stephanie.
 

CHAPTER 19


My nerves exploded. Finally, morning arrived, and I found myself pulling off of SE OSU Drive and into a stall parking my Lexus. Glancing into the mirror, I straightened my brown hair, fluffed my shirt, smelled my armpits. Anticipation swelled in my gut as I walked to building #951, the Research Support Facility. I didn’t remember Hatfield being so enormous. As a child and teen, I had toured the aquarium visitor center a couple of times, but my tours never went to its other buildings. Now, the enormity of the Hatfield campus overwhelmed me. 
I stood in the lobby of building #951, and took everything in. This was where Kevin told me to go. It seemed foreign to me. Where did I go from there? 
"Stacey!" 
I turned to spot a woman running at me with open arms. She enclosed me in a massive bear hug.
“Oh, Stacey, it is so good to see you. I have missed you so much. I would have come to visit you, but Kevin asked for no visitors. Are you feeling better?” The woman talked a mile a minute.
“I’m doing good…” 
Her name badge said, Gracie Turner. Gracie was in her mid-thirties with a petite nose lost in her chunky face. Her stocky body waddled as she moved.
“Well, let’s get going. Dr. Troy is anxious that you get the ball rolling right away. We have a lot of ground to cover and not much time to bring you up to snuff.” Gracie stood back and waited for me to lead the way. I just stood there, having no idea where to go.
“Lead the way,” I encouraged Gracie.
Gracie made a funny look and walked in front of me. We went through several lengthy corridors until we reached Lab 52. 
Gracie waited. I dumbly stared at her.
“Um, aren’t you going to slide your badge?” She asked.
“Oh yes, of course,” I said, swiping my badge through the magnetic strip. I tried not to act incompetent, but I felt it. 
Thank goodness Kevin had gathered my things for me that morning and included my swipecard. The door buzzed, and the lock released. We strolled into the lab as the interns looked up. Excitement buzzed the room as they clapped and cheered.
“Our leader has returned,” someone sang.
“Welcome back, Mrs. Caldwell!”
Overwhelmingly, I gazed about the lab. It was roughly 3000 square feet. It had ten identical stations. Each station linked onto a white desk with seven little drawers below it. An Apple iMac MB952LL/ A 27-Inch Desktop attached to every desk. Behind each desk positioned a workable area that contained all the necessary lab equipment: 
I recognized some of the equipment from my earlier days at college: Each station had a giant sink next to it. In the west corner of the lab stood a Scanning Electrochemical microscope. 
In the east corner of the lab rested a massive autoclave and a bunch of other extremely delicate, high-tech equipment, which I had no idea what they were. One of the things was labeled a Q-Hyb10 Hybridization Oven Incubation System. I felt lost on what all the extensive equipment did. I wouldn’t mind being in charge of such an elite laboratory; unfortunately, I lacked the skill to run most of it.
The faces appeared to trust me. Fear arrested my thoughts and movements, and I felt an urge to run. What had I expected when I had shown up at Hatfield’s? I had been in a few outdated labs, but none of them compared to this one. As I briefly took in the equipment, I realized that most of the research was tied into the computer mainframe. I would have no idea how to access anything. 
I didn’t belong there. 
I needed to flee. Horror took over as I turned to Gracie to seek guidance. My heart raced, and my palms sweated. Before I could open my mouth, a line of interns formed next to me.
“Mrs. Caldwell, I have a culture from an embryonic rainbow trout. I have used the newborn calf serum; it is at a pH of 7.6. I am using a 100 ml of Penicillin. I am routinely adding 100 ml of streptomycin and 40 ml of nystatin. I have made virus isolations and decontaminated them with antibiotics and then the virological examinations. Now, this is where I am not sure if my findings are conclusive. 
"To reinforce my hypothesis, I have deduced that the male brook stock could be the reservoir of infection. I decided that I should test ovarian fluid and seminal fluid from the rainbow trout. Do you think that I should isolate the kidneys, spleen, and feces?”
I just stared at the brilliant intern. His name badge said Thayne. There was no doubt in my mind that the young redhead boy knew more about science than I did. 
“You what, I um... I don’t know what…?” I stammered. I should have just kept my mouth closed.
“Sorry,” the intern said. “Mrs. Caldwell, I am talking about the infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus. I have a culture from an embryonic rainbow trout. I have used the newborn calf serum it is at a pH of 7.6. I am using a 100 ml of…”
I cut the intern off. I wasn’t about to hear his whole report again, which would only further remind me of my incompetence. “Why don’t you just show me what you have done?”
“Um, not sure why, but I guess if you want to see it, come with me.” He said with his forehead tightened. I followed him to his desk. As we walked, another intern grabbed me.
“Mrs. Caldwell, can I ask you a quick question?”
“Please don’t,” I thought. I nodded yes against my better judgment.
“Mrs. Caldwell, sorry, anyway, I was on the FP6-2004-Food-3-A project EPIZONE. I had isolated the Henneguya zschokki on the Oncorhynchus tshawytsha. The director told me that I needed to fill out a 36980 and document my finding. The problem is no one here understands the form. 
You need to show me how to fill it out.”
“And you think I can?” I mocked in my mind.
“Yea,” I said. 
“Let me help Thayne with the IH….um…. the IHNV and then I will get back to you.” I could feel myself heavily perspiring. I glanced at Thayne, who anxiously stood at his station. 
My head felt light, and I might pass out. Meanwhile, more interns bombarded me with questions. 
Gracie ushered them away, promising I would get to every one of their questions. 
The lights wiggled and flashed in my eyes as a migraine came on. That was the last thing I needed to add to the confusion. 
I just wanted to hide. Why did I ever show up? What in the world possessed me to believe I could ever manage to keep up in such a precise, technical position? Maybe a day with Hailey was better than being at Hatfield.
Thayne went over his scientific steps with me. I attempted to follow along, I really did, but it was over my head.
“So, do you think that I should isolate the kidneys, spleen, and feces?”
“Yes,” I said, turning my back to Thayne. I didn’t want to give him a chance to ask any more questions. My head swayed back and forth as if I was on a ship at sea.
Thayne smiled, “I knew it!”
The other intern shoved the 36980 into my hand. “Give me a moment to look it over, and then I will get back with you,” I said as I closed my eyes, trying to contain my pounding migraine.
Both interns look satisfied. My heart slowed a bit, for I had faked it.
Three more interns cornered me. They had a multitude of questions and experimental findings they hoped to share with me. I felt lost in all their words; however, I lucked out, for I could answer all of their questions with a yes or a no. I didn’t know if I was giving them the right answer, and I didn’t care. I needed to leave.
One intern demanded scientific answers and demonstrations. Just as I was about to reveal my true ignorance, Gracie interrupted.
“I…I am sorry. We’ve been here longer than we should of. We really need to go over to Dock 1; Jim Rice and Kim Raum-Suryan are waiting for you.”
A rush of relief flooded me. I was dying to get out of the lab. I didn’t want to answer any more questions.
Gracie drove to a galvanized cage that acted as a floating dock. It enclosed an entangled sea lion. Dr. Steve Brown and Dr. Daniel Lewer, as their badges stated, were anesthetizing the caged beast. 
When we approached, I could smell the stench of the sea lion, smelling of rotten waste. Jim Rice greeted me with a huge warm smile, a man in his mid-forties with brown hair. He reminded me of a Ken Barbie Doll.
“Stacey, so good to have you back. I wanted to share my news with you in person, so thank you for coming over here.”
“Tell me what?” I asked. My fear of incompetency returned.
Jim cloaked his arm over my shoulder. “I know that you were toiling to save the female lion, the one with the fishing gaff in her side. I wanted to be the one to tell you that she didn’t make it. I am sorry. The positive news, the upside, if you could call it, was that she was pregnant. We were able to save her pup, and we will be sending it to the Brookfield Zoo. Kim Raum-Suryan is in the nursery with it. You really should see Ms. Raum-Suryan; the baby lion is so cute. Kim is excited to show it to you.”
Gracie grabbed my arm, “Another time, Jim. Today is Stacey’s first day back. Dr. Troy would kill me if we played with the baby right now.”
“I understand.” Jim planted a small kiss on my cheek, “Nice to have you back.” Dr. Steve Brown and Dr. Daniel Lewer glanced up and welcomed me back as well. Gracie drove us toward building 953, the US Fish and Wildlife building.
“Are you sure you didn’t come back too early?” Gracie quizzed.
“Why do you ask that?” I said, fidgeting with my hands. I didn’t wish to discuss anything with Gracie.
“Because at the lab, you acted like you were overwhelmed. I have never seen you so unsure of yourself. You usually radiate confidence and authority.”
“To tell you the truth, Grace, I am not sure that I have completely recovered,” I confessed.
“Do you mind if I ask what you have been through?” She shyly pressed.
I squirmed in my seat. I didn’t plan to share my story. No one would believe me.
“How much do you know?” I asked Gracie.
“Well,” she said as her eyes rolled upward. “No one really knows much. We were told that you had had a pretty serious incident at the fair. Let’s see…you had to be hospitalized, and...Um…oh yeah, you were going to need a month to recover.”
“I had a concussion at the fair.” I lied.
Her face flashed concern. “Oh no! You are lucky that you didn’t die. 
I had a cousin that had a concussion, and then she slipped into a coma and died. What did you hit your head on? Did it hurt? How much time did it take for you to come out of it?” 
“No one knows what went on. They just found me on the ground unconscious.” I tried to use as few details as possible. If I had to repeat the story, I wanted to recall what it was I had said.
“Wow, just laying there unconscious. Did they do a criminal investigation? I wonder if someone knocked you out and snagged your purse. Did you still have your purse? Or maybe someone spiked your drink with a drug to make you pass out. You know sex offenders get their prey that way.”
Gracie pulled into the US Fish and Wildlife building parking lot. As we walked into the building, I felt uneasy and needed to change the subject. She still asked a dozen more questions. I didn’t have answers for any of them.
I needed to divert attention away from the subject of my past. “They’ve changed something in here.” I bluffed as we walked into the lobby.
“Ah yes,” she said. She pointed to a stuffed sea otter. “That came in last week. You are good. Nothing gets by you.”
Sure. Nothing gets by me. 
“Oh yes, that must be what it is.”
Gracie led me to a silver door with a nameplate that read; Dr. Troy Ericson and Stacey Caldwell MIS”. I hurried past her and opened the door to my office.


CHAPTER 20


Could an office be tighter and any more cramp? There were two desks pushed together. Each had older computers on them, not as modern as the lab's equipment. The desk with my nameplate had a towering pile of papers in the inbox. Dr. Troy's desk looked like a tornado had scattered articles and books all over it and even onto the floor. Stacks of styrofoam cups littered everywhere. The office smelt musty and old. The door closed, and I turned around.
 A man in his mid-thirties managed to squeeze into the space.
His blond hair clasped in a ponytail that draped down to his mid-back. Dr. Troy had a rugged handsomeness to him, although he dressed way too casually to be a doctor of important research.
He gave me a quick peck on the lips. He tasted of rank tobacco. My lips burned, and I wanted to gargle.
“Welcome back, Baby Doll. Boy, have we missed you. Things are starting to fall apart here. I am going to cut straight to the chase. You know me, I am practical, and I don’t have time to throw you a welcome back party.” 
Dr. Troy’s abrasive behavior put me off. His personality rubbed against me like giddy sandpaper. I tried to act interested, but his obnoxious demeanor distracted me.
“Tomorrow, Dr. Graves and colleagues are coming up from Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute. They plan on taking your research back to California with them and expanding it there. I expect that you will have a full presentation put together for them tomorrow. I will keep you updated on what has transpired over these last two weeks while you were taking a sabbatical. Also, Dr. Breckinheimer will be here from the CoML as well as Dr. Cook from SCOR. They will be sitting in on the conference. 
"When you have completed the presentation, we will have a quick lunch. Gracie, have you put an order to the catering?”
“Yes, Professor Troy.”
“Great, after lunch, you will take a team on a dive where they can collect samples of Palsian aurua. Your discoveries of the Palsian aurua extensively engross them. To date, you are the only one to have samples of this newly discovered life form. They want to add it to their census.” Dr. Troy got in my face. “Stace, you have to put your best into this. Dr. Breckinheimer has secured us $3 million to continue researching the Palsian aurua. Dr. Cook has $500,000 for new L3W Diver exponent. I expect that you will put it all in order and dazzle us with your presentation.” Dr. Troy picked up a sheet of paper from my desk and used it to clean between his teeth.
He dropped the wet paper in my hand and walked out of the office, still talking while Gracie and I trailed behind him. I wiped the spit on my shirt and attempted to listen. 
“You better not forget the sensitive timeline for your journals. They are scheduled to be published at the end of the next week. I have done some editing for you; for the most part, they look great. You need to include the work that we did while you were absent and more details on the Chiasmodon Niger project.”
Dr. Troy stopped and turned to me. “Well, I will leave you to it. You have an ever-increasing amount of work to complete in the next 20 hours. I am… no, the whole team is counting on you.”
What should I say? I fantasized about running away and never returning. That felt like a splendid idea. But, realizing that a monumental amount of money rested on my back, I knew I needed to give everyone a warning of my incompetence. If I abandoned them without warning, then I would be responsible for losing the program several millions of dollars. If I gave them enough notification, maybe they could adapt without me. Deciding to come clean with Dr. Troy, I chased after him. Of course, I wasn’t entirely candid.
“Dr. Troy,” I said, stopping him in his tracks. I ran into his back. "Oops, sorry."
“Yes, Baby Doll,” Dr. Troy condescended.
“Well, you see, I um… Doctor, I had a concussion a couple of weeks ago. I am afraid that it is taking a bit of time to regain my full faculties.”
He appeared annoyed, “What are you getting at, Mrs. Caldwell?”
“Well, I can’t exactly remember much.”
Surely he had planned on turning my projects entirely back to me. “Do what you can. Get me for the rest.” He said as he walked away.
“Listen, Dr. Troy. I am sorry, but it’s… Well, it’s all gone.” My voice crackled. He turned and glared at me. 
“What is gone?” He furiously demanded.
I couldn't speak for a moment, too embarrassed to inform him I had the education of a high school kid. I was humiliated to lose the status that I apparently owned.
Dr. Troy didn't appear a sensible man, and I probably lacked time for my reluctance. “What is gone?” He barked, his voice slow and cold as ice.
“My memory, sir, I am sorry. I just can’t remember the research that I used to do here.”
His face flared deep red; he shook his right fist while he shoved his left index finger in his mouth and chewed on it. “You’ve got to be crapping on me. You can’t do this. This week is big; it is monumental. Between the journal’s publication and the grant money, you have to remember. Not to mention that the team from Monterey Bay will be here. I tried to stall things, but the deadlines are tomorrow. You HAVE to put together the presentation! You HAVE to finish your journals! You HAVE to obtain our grant money. Stace, you can’t crap out on me now!” Dr. Troy stomped his foot like an angry bull.
I tried to stay composed, but the tears slipped down my cheeks. I did not like letting anyone down, and I felt humiliated by my situation. 
“Doctor, please, believe me, I wish I could remember. I lost a lot of my memory in my accident. I can’t even remember my own daughter. I felt it was best to tell you now before…”
“Save your sympathetic plea for someone else. You won’t receive it with me. I don’t have TIME for this right now! We don’t have time for this right now! You are going to jeopardize the whole project." He said in a staccato. "Can you live with that weight on your shoulders? Can you be responsible for lost jobs, Mrs. Caldwell? 
"How can you do this? How can you do this right now?” Dr. Troy shrieked in my face. Several passersbys stopped to observe the commotion as he shoved his face, nose to nose, with me and screamed, “How can you do this?”
I sobbed, for I could not control my embarrassment. Gracie squeezed her body between Dr. Troy and me.
“Please, Professor, she has been through a lot. Ease up, give her time.”
“Give her time? GIVE HER TIME! You watch yourself Gracie; you will be the first that I let go after Stace has lost us jobs!” Gracie backed away.
Dr. Troy stood in the hall for several minutes. He turned to me and lowered his volume; his voice came across soft and stern. “You either slap yourself and remember your stuff or pack your desk.” Dr. Troy stomped away like a mad toddler.
Shamefully, I rushed to my office. Gracie stayed close to my heels. As I collapsed in my swivel chair, I bawled and bawled. 
So many emotions erupted.
Gracie rested her plump hand on my back and rubbed it. “It will be ok. Maybe if you try hard enough you can remember. I can help remind you of important things if you think that will help.”
I folded my arms on my desk and leaned my head on them. The tears poured freely everywhere. That day had been the most disgraceful day of my life. I studied my desk; I wasn’t attached to anything on it. Dejected, I palmed my family picture and walked out of the office. But I dumped it in the trash on the way out. Gracie called after me, but I just kept going. When I got outside, I headed to building #951. 
Once safely in my Lexus, I peeled away from a very short-lived dream. My perfect life unwound at a fast pace. My pseudo dream crumbled. If only I could return to the safe confident life, I used to know.


CHAPTER 21


I tried to answer, but my emotions wouldn’t let me.
Kevin sounded concerned. "Sweetie?"
Pause.
“Hello,” he tried again.
“I got fired.” 
“What?"
After another long pause, my voice squeaked out. 
"Fired? They can’t fire you. You’re the boss." Silence. "I should have never let you go to work.”
“I’m the boss?"
“Yeah!” His voice elevated, and I had to pull the phone away because the volume hurt my ear. “You’re top dog. Who fired you?”
“Dr. Troy,” I spit out his name in disgust. “He was completely impervious to my situation; he is a nitwit, moronic, ignoramus, bigot…”
“Whoa,” Kevin interrupted. “Strong words from you. I can’t believe that I hear you use those adjectives on the ‘One and Only Dr. Troy.’ You know how long I have waited for you to resent him?”
“I don’t know.”
“Forever! Ever since you hired Dr. Troy, all I have heard was, “The wonderful Dr. Troy. Dr. Troy discovered the most amazing thing today. You should have heard Dr. Troy’s joke about the amoeba today. Dr. Troy, Dr. Troy, Dr. Troy!!!” Again I had to move the phone away as Kevin's volume boomed through.
"I have just been watching for the day when you come home with Dr. Troy tattooed on your chest.”
“I hired Dr. Troy?” I said, his joke lost on me.
“Yup.”
“Then how can he fire me?” I questioned.
“He can’t. Well, technically, I guess he can. 
You are his boss, but logistically he is over you.”
“How does that work?” I asked in confusion.
“You are a guru at Hatfield. Your research is years ahead of its time. You have made multiple discoveries and patents for them. You currently are running three grants, three grants that you wrote and secured the money for. Now, here is where it gets political. You only have a master’s degree. Now, I am not knocking your degree. I am way proud of your accomplishments. However, you are not able to procure most grants on a master’s level. You must have a Ph.D. to run them. That is where Dr. Troy comes in. You put him on to your team to be the lead authority on your projects. You two work exceptionally great together, like a well-oiled machine - too good, if you ask me. I have forever been jealous of that hippy. But, getting off track, you are Dr. Troy’s boss, and he is your commander. 
So, as I said, technically, he can fire you.”
I absorbed Kevin’s praise. “Why didn’t I get a doctorate when you did?”
“You were tired of school, and you landed your job at Hatfield after you graduated with your masters. It was easy. You had interned there. They already knew they needed you. With your prestigious position and trust, you couldn’t see the need for a Ph.D. You also wanted to get pregnant, which took time. It wasn’t until after Hailey was born you understood how valuable a doctorate would be. You had resolved you would get it after Hailey was in grade school.”
Kevin’s voice elevated. “I will go over to Hatfield tomorrow and punch Dr. Troy in the nose. There is no way that I will let that weasel red-line you off your own project!”
I felt touched to hear Kevin defend me. “Don’t bother,” I responded.
“Oh, you can’t stop me. I have wanted to slam that jerk for years. To have him fire you; now it’s personal.”
“Thank you for your concern. Kevin, it’s ok that I was fired. I mean, I really would like to keep my job at Hatfield; however, I have no knowledge of my projects. I was completely lost there. There were so many people depending on me, and I let them all down. I was an idiot. and I will never step foot on that campus again.” The sobs conjured up as I recalled my humiliation.
“I had been afraid that something like that would happen.”
I could hear a woman’s faint voice in the background, “Mr. Caldwell, you are needed in the boardroom.”
“I ..I am really sorry. I can tell that you really need me right now. I have to go to a meeting. I don’t want to tell you this, but I am not going to make it home until 11:00 pm tonight. I am sorry, but I am going to make it up to you, I promise. I will go in work later tomorrow. It’s Friday; I can get away with that.”
I needed Kevin.
“Oh, and one piece of good news; I have a nanny and a housekeeper set up to start on Monday. That should ease your load a little bit.”


CHAPTER 22


I lingered at the kitchen island as I watched Michelle, our new housekeeper load the dishwasher. 
She could pass as a 15-year-old. 
She assured me she was 18 and graduated. She had soft silky brown hair that touched the top of her waist. Every hair was in place, and with each movement she made, the overhead light shimmered off of it. I took note of my dingy brown hair. I dreamed of hair like Michelle’s. As I again studied her, I also observed that she was taller than me by at least a full inch. 
Michelle radiated a pleasant disposition and gave the impression she would do anything to prove her worth as a hard, dedicated worker.
It was hard to relax in the same room as the housekeeper. Sometimes, I would pitch in and help her clean. 
Kevin had to remind me that we paid Michelle to clean, and she was thankful to have a job and allow her to do it.
With no responsibilities, I noticed myself falling into an immense depression, lost without a project or kids to attend. I had endlessly been busy in my life. It almost broke me not to work or have any expectations allocated on me. Before all this, I used to fantasize about life like the one I currently lived. Now, I learned prestige and money wasn’t as rewarding as I had envisioned. Time moved slowly and the days jumbled together. I started sleeping in until 12:30 pm. In my previous life, I thought rising at 8:00 am was sleeping in. 
Despite my lackluster days, I did enjoy not worrying about Hailey. With a live-in sitter, I occasionally gave Hailey attention. Karen, the middle-aged nanny, did most of the toddler’s care. Karen had grey, duller than mine, which she always kept in a tight bun. She never wore makeup, and this made her look ashy and pale. 
Hailey enjoyed Karen, but sometimes she became agitated with her nanny, not understanding why she couldn’t spend more time with me since she thought Karen stopped her. 
Hailey never dreamed I choose to avoid her.
Finally, the day came when Kevin left on his two-week trip to India. It disheartened me to have him leave. With Kevin gone, things wouldn’t be any different than the last week had been, for I never saw him anyway. I was asleep when Kevin left, and I was asleep by the time he returned. I felt abandoned already by him.
Kevin didn’t want to leave on a sour note, but I made it very hard not to. As he packed his bags, I stomped around the bedroom.
The intense anger boiled inside me. How could he so thoughtlessly pack his things? Did he not care? “You aren’t much of a husband, are you?” I said, glaring at him.
He ignored my comment and continued packing his bags.
“Don’t ignore me,” I screamed! I walked to Kevin’s suitcase and dumped it on the floor.
“Please, let’s not get into this now. This is our last night together. I leave early in the morning, and I want it to be on a good note.”
“Of course you want it to be perfect; you are the one that is leaving. You get to cruise away on a two-week vacation to India while you leave me here with absolutely nothing to do. Where did the Kevin go that cared about his family?”
He stopped trying to be sweet. “Oh yeah, two can play that game. Talk about someone changing, you don’t even love your own daughter, you are trying to sever the relationship you have with Doug, and you’re trying to push me away, and you can’t even remember how to be a marine biologist. So excuse me if I no longer know how to play your game.”
“You insensitive prick!” I yelled as I stomped away.
Let Kevin leave. What did I care?
***
While Kevin was gone, I had at least one grand mal meltdown every day. The horrific fits resembled that of a toddler. Usually, Karen would bundle up Hailey and leave as my shrieking could be heard across the house.
“And to think God blessed her with this child. She doesn’t deserve to be a mother. And as sad as this is, I’m unable to bear children. Why can a woman like this have children, yet I can’t?” Karen whispered to Michelle.
"Why is it that the worst women get to be mothers?”


CHAPTER 23


Thank goodness my hired help had not committed me. I think I might have mentally lost it a few times. I did escape to my parent's house in Corvallis the second week. It had helped some as I tried to meditate. I again remodeled my parent's house. I even wrote Deidre a letter and sent her flowers. Maybe if I could fix our relationship, she could help me heal.
I returned home the night Kevin should arrive. I had missed him. It took him forever to come in, and I eventually fell asleep. I awoke the next day alone in bed.
“Kevin,” I called out as I stretched my cramped muscles out. My heart dropped when I didn't see his car in the garage.
I found Michelle in the bathrooms scrubbing the already clean sink.
“Did Kevin come home last night?” I asked.
“I don’t know. I don’t believe that he did.” 
I know Michelle feared me. Surprisingly, she hadn't quit. Kevin must have paid her well.
He should have come in last night. Why isn't he here? “Do you think his plane crashed?” Anxiety made my hands tingle.
“No. He made it in. He told me he wouldn’t be home for a while. Can I get you anything?” Michelle dropped her rag in a bucket of sudsy water.
“Why would he not come home?” I asked. 
Michelle shrugged her shoulders.
I called Kevin.
Nothing. 
I spent the whole day calling him. 
***
 Since Kevin never came home, I checked into his online journal for answers.
 
Dear Journal
I had stopped at Ariel’s and Stephanie’s on the way home. I didn’t stay long because I was so tired. It disturbed me to see how poorly they were doing. It was pretty stormy.
The rain was coming down in sheets as lightning flashed across the ocean. The mood felt dismal and grim. It matched the uneasiness I was feeling. I had really enjoyed my project in India and was not in too big of a hurry to return home. 
Abroad, I had been a hero, a liberator. 
Back at home, I will meet only turmoil and trouble. I desired to turn around and head back to the airport.
I had to stop at my brother’s home before I went home. 
I sure like going to Doug’s house at the west end of Yaquina Bay. I almost considered building here, but Stacey was insistent to be right on the beach. 
I always loved seeing the light shine from the Yaquina Bay lighthouse. I hesitantly went inside. I was just tired from such a long flight. I wasn’t ready for the drama to begin. What I really wanted to do was go to my own home and go to bed. But that wasn’t an option at the moment. Doug asked about my trip.
I had told him how we had done a considerate amount of good for that city. I was hoping to end our conversation there as I lugged my bags toward the spare bedroom. 
I was hoping to avoid my twin’s harangue.
“Kevin, I think we need to talk.” Doug said in a disappointed tone. I hate that tone. I had been afraid of that. I dropped my bags and reluctantly sat on his sofa, already knowing what he was up to.
“Leave her!”
“I don’t believe in divorce.”
“Have you talked to her yet?”
I really didn’t plan to discuss my marriage with my brother. I was tired. 
“No, I haven’t been able to get a hold of her the whole trip.”
“Karen said that she disappeared for days. I think she ran off with her lover.” 
“I am her lover,” I assured him.
“So you think. Where else would she go? What kind of mother walks out on her child and her husband? First thing Monday morning, we will go to the courthouse and file for divorce. You need to get her abandonment documented. You don’t want her to end up with Hailey. You’ll never see your daughter again.”
I asked him how Hailey was doing.
“Horrible. When I picked Hailey up from Karen, she was starting to get sick. She has regressed back to diapers. She doesn’t even try to use the potty anymore. Her temper has flared, and she is very angry. Who can blame the little angel? In her tender mind, both her parents abandoned her.”
I was too worn out for Doug’s curtness, but I couldn't let his comment go. “Are you attacking me?”
“Your daughter needs you, Kevin. You’ve been working way too much. Cut back your hours. You’re in charge. Get to know Hailey, believe you me; they don’t stay young for long.” 
I hate when Doug gives me parental advice. He doesn't know anything since he doesn't have kids.
“If I cut back my hours, I won’t be the boss.”
“Oh, poor baby. What will you drop from $700,000 a year to $400,000 a year? What can you buy with $700,000 that you can’t buy with $400,000?”
I informed him Stacey lost her job, and we don’t have her income coming in anymore. I have my money locked up in various places, and I can’t make it without my income, but that isn't really his business. He doesn't even care how hard I worked to be where I am at. 
I won’t just walk away from it, and again, it isn't Doug's business.
Hailey was doing fine before all this craziness started. It’s not my work that is messing with Hailey; it is Stacey’s lack of reality.
“Stacey lost her job! Are you sure that wife of yours is not on drugs?”
I don’t know what I am sure of anymore. Maybe she is. I don’t know. I do know that I love her, and I will iron things out.
Doug wouldn't back down. Didn't he know how exhausted I was? “Stop it! You aren’t stupid, for you are my twin, how could you be? How can you have a Ph.D. and be so clueless? DIVORCE her; she is on something or with someone!”
“I’m going to bed. Thanks for picking up Hailey.” I had to end the conversation.
“Has she returned home?” Doug asked as me as I went to the back bedroom.
“Michelle said she came home earlier today,” Kevin responded.
“She is probably pretending that she has been home the whole time, the little harlot. Don’t believe anything she says. Better yet, just stay away from there. If you need anything, I will pick it up for you. Go to the courthouse Monday. She can hear from you when you subpoena her for divorce.”
 
I read Kevin’s online journal. I was always amazed at how much detail he put in his journals. He often referred to them when he needed to settle an argument about a past event. I had told him to go into writing, but he insisted it wasn’t for him. As I finished his last entry, the anger and hurt shredded my soul.
…
I heard Kevin pull into the garage. I quickly dashed out to greet him. As soon as he was out of the car, I gave him a huge hug. I wasn’t going to let his journal entry get me down. I clung tight to him. His cold response broke my heart as his arms dangled by his side. He did not return my embrace.
“What’s going on, Kevin?” I meekly asked.
He glared at me. “Where were you the last two weeks?” He demanded.
“Why didn’t you come home last night?” I shot back. 
He didn’t answer.
The silence lingered, and I had to break it. “I was at my parent’s house. I remodeled it so we can sell it.”
“Why did you not answer any of my calls?” Kevin picked at his top shirt button. His nails were longer than mine and needed trimming.
“I was mad at you,” I said. I tried to act repentant but wasn’t succeeding at winning Kevin back.
“You mad at me? Boy, is that rich! What do you have to be mad about? Were you angry that I was bringing electricity to a group of people that have never had it? Were you mad that I was earning money so that you could live in the lap of luxury? Please tell me, your highness, what did I do to upset you?”
Kevin rarely demeaned me. I put my hands on my hips. “For your clueless information, I was mad that you left me. I am not doing well, Kevin. I am struggling. I lost my children, and now I feel like I am losing you. You are never home. I only see you on the weekends. Then you take off across the world. What kind of marriage is that?”
“It’s a marriage that works,” Kevin rebutted as he rubbed his hands. 
His skin had darkened from his trip. The sun warmed his features nicely.
“No, Kevin, it doesn’t work,” I shouted back. “It doesn’t work at all. I am close to suicide, but you wouldn’t know that, would you? You are too busy being the hotshot at work to notice that I am dying inside.” I got in his face. “I need you, Kevin, I NEED you. But, you are never here.”
Kevin paused for a few moments. “What about Hailey? She needs you? What about me? I need you as well? You are so busy weeping and wailing about this horrible life that I provide for you. You have forgotten that your family has needs too. It is always about YOU! You have dumped on your daughter and broke my heart. Hailey is back in diapers because of you. You have dumped on me. You mope around the house like you live in a concentration camp. You live the American Women’s dream. You have a designer house next to the beach. You have a husband that adores you and has never wronged you. You have access to all the money you could ever desire. You have a dazzling daughter that you treat like scum. I am sorry that she doesn’t measure up to your imaginary children. She is...”
I slapped Kevin across his thin cheek. “Don’t you ever call Ben and Deidre imaginary." My eyes burned into Kevin. “And I can’t help it if our children were wonderful, and your little Hailey is a brat. She bawls and screams. She fights and demands. My children never did that.”
Kevin rubbed his cheek in response to my attack. “Hailey only expresses herself that way because you turned her world upside down. The one person she adores more than anyone else in the world suddenly scorns her. No toddler can deal with that. Not even your precious Ben and Deidre would be able to handle your miserable attitude.”
I slapped Kevin again. Kevin looked at me in shock. The hurt feelings on his face broke my heart. His brown eyes looked wounded. I wished I wouldn’t have slapped him.
“Doug wants me to divorce you,” he said as he climbed in the car and slammed the car door. Cranking on the engine, he peeled away.
My hands shook in anger. My palms burned from slapping Kevin twice. I had noticed I had left a huge welt on his cheek. 
Doug was going to have a hay day with that.
“Screw Doug,” I yelled. “Screw Kevin and screw Hailey. I don’t need them. I don’t need YOU KEVIN! I can survive by myself. You can take all of your prestige and shove it. I will just start a new life. I will move out of state where no one can accuse me of being nutty. I will bury my life with you as I buried my life with my children.”


CHAPTER 24


I locked myself in the theater room and drowned my malady out with movies.
"It's official. I have now lost everything to Asp." I venomously hated Asp more than anyone I had ever loathed. In the middle of the movies, I went to the kitchen to reload on popcorn. The doorbell rang. I grouchily answered it.
“Trick-or-treat.” 
There stood a little pumpkin, a scary ghost, and an ugly witch on my balcony. They caught me off guard. “You guys are early. Tomorrow is Halloween,” I told them.
“Mommy said we haft a go today cuz tomorrow is the zabath.” The little ghost said.
“The what?” I questioned. I didn’t have the patience for the intrusion on my time.
The pumpkin stepped forward, “Tomorrow is the Sabbath, so we have to go trick-or-treating tonight.”
“Come back on Halloween,” I said as I slammed the door on their faces. I felt bad. I usually fried donuts on Halloween for the trick-or-treaters. I loved Halloween. 
Now, I didn’t have the fortitude or the heart to worry about the kids. The solicitation for candy didn’t stop. The doorbell rang all night. Hiding in the theater room, I turned the surround sound as high as I could. If I were lucky, no one would play a trick on me tonight.
That night, I had a hard time sleeping; I awoke several times in the night. I tried to pretend that it didn’t bother me about Kevin. 
As much as I tried, I couldn’t fool myself. Kevin had been in my life for so long that I couldn’t imagine a life without him. He was my understanding ear and my shoulder to cry on. I depended on him for everything, and I didn’t know what I would do if I lost him. 
At 4:45 am, I climbed out of bed, for I knew sleep had passed me over.
Pacing around my vast and incredibly empty house, I whimpered. I shuffled into the barren nursery and reminisced the few times I had spent in it with Hailey. I could feel an ever-slight tinge of remorse for Hailey being taken away. I could admit to myself that Hailey was a truly charming girl. I just wasn’t ready to let Hailey replace my children.
I strolled into the game room. Noticing a bookcase full of photo albums, I lugged out a paisley pink soft cover album. There was an adorable picture of a newborn wearing a red velvet dress on the front. I opened to the beginning. It was Hailey May’s baby book.
The picture of me holding Hailey for the first time stirred an innate motherly instinct. In the picture, I looked captivated by the tiny infant in my arms. I appeared full of bliss and in love. Quite the opposite to the remorse I had felt when Ben was born. I had been so stressed at the idea of becoming a mother at 19. still had a full life to live and had felt as though Ben were a thief of my dreams. 
I knew that keeping Ben would force me to turn my back to all of my goals. Plus, I was ashamed.
My labor had been extremely exhausting, lasting 29 hours. The doctor had decided to remove Ben by cesarean section. Kevin stayed the whole time with me.
I was excited, but I was so scared and apprehensive. How was I going to raise a baby when I was still just a child myself? To top it off, I also felt like a whore. I had never planned to have relations out of marriage. Ben was evidence of my sin against God. Doug saw Ben as such and refused to come to the hospital. I was crushed by my new brother-in-law's refusal to celebrate Ben’s life.
As I looked at Hailey’s album, I could tell that her arrival had been a blessed occasion. 
I could see I was older in the picture, and I looked confident. In some of the preceding pictures, I saw Doug with his very pregnant Cami at the hospital. Doug looked like a proud uncle. Everyone appeared truly pleased and upbeat at the arrival of Hailey.
I continued to explore the pages of Hailey’s album. Through the images, I felt the love I had for her.
Hailey’s book was crammed with important events, down to mundane things. She was the pride of Kevin and me, I could tell. I could understand the wisdom of bringing a child into the world at the right time with a married spouse. Children born to parents who had prepared themselves and planned the birth had a far better advantage than those who didn’t.
I prayed I could feel the love for Hailey that I should have. The pictures proved to me that I had given birth to Hailey in a parallel universe and that I was madly in love with my daughter. 
Why wasn’t I given the gift of a memory to this life? Things would be easier if I could share equal memories with my loved ones. As I looked at more albums, I could feel my heart soften. I could feel the urge to be Hailey’s mom form.
***
On Halloween night, I received more trick-or-treaters. 
"Must be the atheistic and agnostic crowd." This time I was ready. I greeted the candy scavengers with homemade donuts that I had made earlier in the day. This time I tried to make Halloween magical for all of the trick-or-treaters.
Halloween should be spent with kids and loved ones. I tried to push the lonely feelings aside. 
As I lay in bed Halloween night, I surmised that I would fight for Kevin and even Hailey. 
It was evident that this was now my life. It was time for me to embrace it.
***

Sweat drenched my pajamas as my heart raced. The piercing alarm had woken me from another nightmare about my children.
I wrapped blanket against my body, not wanting to do what I knew I must.
I drove toward Yaquina Bay with a heavy weight in the pit of my stomach. I parked two houses away from Doug’s home. As I tarried in the car waiting for my husband to leave for work, I turned the heater higher. The morning felt chilly. The rain had dropped the temperature down to 49°. The weather was really starting to feel like crisp fall. The clock on my dash said 6:09 am. Kevin should leave in eleven minutes. I didn’t want to miss him going to work, so I arrived early. I did not have the nerve to confront him in front of Doug. Our problems were personal, and I planned to keep them that way. As I waited for Kevin, I rehearsed the words I hoped to say to him.
Finally, Kevin walked out of Doug’s door; he had on his waterproof Trench Coat. He looked so handsome in it. I longed to run out and kiss him. As I gathered the nerve to approach him, Doug followed out with a sack lunch.
Doug was sure weird at times.
“He is 31, for crying out loud, and you are not his mother,” I yelled into my dashboard. I cursed how Doug held so tightly to Kevin. It wasn’t natural.
Doug felt their bond was supposed never to change, even into adulthood.
Neither Doug nor Kevin noticed my Lexus parked down the street. Kevin drove off, and Doug stood on the porch watching him until his car was out of sight. After Doug ducked into the house, I started my car and drove after Kevin.
Kevin drove for several miles until he slowed down and pulled to the side of the road. As he walked back to my car, the cold slapped his cheeks. He quickly bounded into the passenger’s side, looking bedraggled with the dark bags under his eyes.
“What do you need?” He asked callously.
“Kevin, please hear me out. I am so sorry for all that I have put you and Hailey through. I know that I have been incredibly selfish, self-focused, and self-absorbed. I have spent this weekend seriously contemplating my behavior. I know that I have messed up, and I would think that after all that we have been through, you would give me another chance… Kevin, I need you.”
Kevin stared at me, his brown eyes without expression, and he didn’t say a word. His lack of response broke me out into tears. He did not pull me in like he usually did. He just watched dispassionately as I cried.
“Doug thinks you are having an affair. Are you?”
I was floored at the wicked accusation. “Are you kidding? You really think that I would cheat on you? I would never ever, ever in a million years cheat on you. I love you too much to do that. hy would you listen to him; he hates me.”
Kevin became firm with me. “If you are trying to win me back, yelling and belittling my brother is not the right approach.”
I reigned in my anger, and I knew he was right. He had justification for questioning me; after all, I had disappeared for two weeks. I now contemplated how exhausting that must have been on him. The last month had taxed me. I now understood how my actions had affected him. I had only focused on my misery and desperation. I should have eased up on Kevin and Hailey. 
If Kevin were to cut communications for two weeks, I would be questioning his integrity as well.
In a soft voice, I said, “Kevin, I love you. I have always loved you. You are my king. You are my confidant. I could not endure life without you. For those and plenty of other reasons, I would never cheat on you. 
"I understand how my actions leave me with a questionable reputation. I promise you that I did not, nor have I ever cheated on you on everything holy.
“When you left for two weeks, I was on such a down. Many times, the temptation to end my own life entered my mind. I just needed to get a break. I went to visit my father. He didn’t remember me…” I had to stop to hold back the sorrow. “My own dad thought that I was hired to change his briefs. He treated me so cruelly when I wouldn’t change him. It was just one more blow, Kevin. I ran to my parent’s house to reassess my life. While I was there, I really lost it. 
I tore apart my parent’s front room. I even purposely sliced my hand up.” I showed him the multiple scars on my hand. “I was in so much vexation. And you weren’t there; you just left me to deal with the loneliest time of my life, alone.”
“What was I supposed to do? Back out of my responsibilities to my company and the people of India?”
“I don’t know, Kevin. All I know is that I was at my absolute bottom. I didn’t answer your calls because I couldn’t. I just couldn’t bring myself to do anything. I lay in bed for several days. I didn’t get out to eat, drink, or anything else. I wanted to die. I spent those days willing myself to die. I even called on Asp to take my life as she had taken my children. She never did, and I never died.
“Somehow, I pulled out of my funk long enough to notice my parent’s home. I noticed the dilapidated condition it was in, so I redecorated it. If you don’t believe me, go to their house, you won’t even recognize it anymore.”
“Why did you waste your time and money redecorating it? We decided to sale it ‘as is.’"
“If I hadn’t redecorated it, then I probably would have killed myself by now. Redecorating my childhood home gave me purpose and reason. 
"The project reawakened my spirits, and I felt human again. I was able to pull out of my misery.”
Kevin tapped his reedy fingers on the dashboard. “How could you leave Hailey for the whole two weeks?” Kevin yelled.
“She was ok. I left her with Karen. I could have stayed at home and done nothing while Karen cared for her Or, I could go to my parents’ to heal, while Karen still cared for her. I feel like that was the best decision for my health.”
“I did NOT hire Karen to raise Hailey. I hired Karen to assist you with Hailey.”
“I admit I have screwed up pretty bad with Hailey. Kevin, I am sorry.” I said humbly.
“Don’t tell me sorry. Tell Hailey sorry.”
“Still, Kevin, I am sorry.” I felt frazzled; I was not getting the forgiveness that I had contemplated. “I know that I have messed up. Hailey is a precious beautiful little girl that needs her mommy. I have failed her, but I plan on making that up. I know no one believes that I came from another timeline, but Kevin, I truly remember an anomalous life than the one I have right at this moment. I share no memories with you of the last ten or more years. I only remember a life that no one else knows. My memories aren’t fabricated. They are real. My life was real, and now I have to adjust to a variant life. That has been a murderous reality to accept, but I have resolved to come to terms with it. I will attain the role of Hailey May’s mom, and I will be the wife of an executive, and I will do what it takes to make this work.”
Kevin stared at me. I could feel our connection severed. “When will this all end?” He dispassionately asked.
“When will what end?”
I peered out the window and watched a flock of seagulls fly overhead.
“Your delusions. Are you taking drugs?”
I shoved my arms up in the air. I wasn’t softening his heart. “Let me guess, Doug put that one in your head too?”
“Doesn’t matter, are you?” Kevin demanded as he glared at me.
“Kevin, you know me better than that?”
“Do I?”
I moved my hand to my forehead and rubbed it. I was starting to get a headache.
“Kevin, I don’t take drugs, and what I say is true. f you would believe me, then our relationship could heal quicker.”
“Time does not change. We are all on one continuous eternal course. There are no wormholes, no parallel universes, and no alternate timelines. 
"We have lived a great life, and I am sorry that you have chosen to block it out. I don’t know if you slipped and hit your head at the fair, but it hasn’t changed our past.”
Kevin’s heartlessness angered me. How dare he accuse me of making up the story of my own personal hell? I knew he would never understand, but I desired his support anyways. 
“I love you. Please, you got to understand that I am suffering some kind of mind warp. I am trying to get your forgiveness, and I am willing to do whatever it takes. Please, please, please stay with me. 
You promised me a while back that you would stick with me, and you wouldn’t leave me.” I pled with tears.
“Things changed. I didn’t realize you were going to give up on Hailey and me.”
“Please."
Kevin opened the car door. “I am late for work.”
“Kevin, please.” 
I offered him my hand. He just stared at it.
He turned in to me just before he closed the door. “Doug wants me to file for divorce today.” Closing the door, he walked back to his car and drove away.
I broke apart. 
My chest moved in and out as I howled to my broken heart. I had been sure that we would resolve things, for we had always been able to overcome our differences. I had never heard Kevin use the ‘divorce’ word.
He crushed me.
 I had lost my children, and now I was losing my husband. Grievously, I turned and went home.
***
Could this awful album be ours? Quietly, I rested in the parlor, looking at our flimsy wedding album, complementary of The House of Love in Vegas. 
I wore a red dress to the wedding. 
Did I really wear red to be married in? 
Kevin wore a tee-shirt and shorts. 
He should have hidden his chicken-like legs. Why didn’t he wear the tux he rented to marry Deidre in? He seemed like a punk in the picture. We didn’t appear to be a couple that felt serious about marriage. Elvis stood on the opposite side of the altar. He appeared slightly inebriated. How amusing that I had been officiated in matrimony by a drunken Elvis. Could we have had a tackier beginning? 
Ding.
The doorbell rang out across the home. I put down the album and went to the door. Opening it, I saw a police officer standing on my balcony.
“Mrs. Stacey Caldwell?” The young officer asked.
My heart almost gave out. How could Kevin do it? He had filed for divorce. My body quivered. The man I loved betrayed us. What became of our wedding vows …in sickness and in health…until death do we part? Maybe Elvis had skipped over that part. How could Kevin forsake me so easily? I know Doug had been 100% behind the filing for divorce. 
Maybe Doug had gone to the courthouse and done it. It wouldn’t be hard, for they could look identical if they wanted to. I glared at the merciless officer.
“I hereby serve you with a restraining order containing a no-contact provision against Deidre Bill.”
My brain jarred. The restraining order broadsided me with full force. I found myself confused. I had been sure that the officer held a divorce subpoena from Kevin. In actuality, the policeman stood there on behalf of Deidre.
“What? I blurted out, “A restraining order? I have never abused or threatened abuse to Deidre.”
The policeman shrugged his shoulders. “Typical response from an abuser. Almost every criminal claims innocence. Mrs. Bill states you have been harassing her. Under the restraining order, you are to have no contact with Mrs. Bill by person, mail, phone, notes, fax, text, or email. You are not allowed to send her flowers or gifts. You are to leave Mrs. Bill entirely alone.”
How could Deidre do this to me? I had sent Deidre a heartfelt private letter. I had also sent her expensive roses. Everything I had done for Deidre had been thoughtful and kind. 
How could Deidre ruthlessly place a restraining order against me? I grasped the order and closed the door in the cop’s face.
I threw the paper on the floor. At least it wasn't a divorce summons. Hate and relief simultaneously washed over me. I wanted pain to inflict Deidre.
Nighttime fell, and I found myself once again alone in bed. I might not have received a divorce order earlier, but it was likely on its way. 
Through the darkened room, the floorboards creaked. I silently pretended to snore as I listened to the intruder lurk around in my unlit room. The dark figure made its way over to my bed and looked down on me.
 Kevin said, “I am sorry for the way I acted earlier. I was a little clouded by Doug.” I had already deduced that. “I love you, and if you are willing to try, then of course, I hope we fix things. You are my darling wife, and I fought hard for you. I want to still keep fighting for you. Will you keep fighting for me?”
I kissed Kevin all over his prickly face, “Yes, oh yes. I love you so much, Kevin.”
We stayed up until 1 am talking about life and our plans.
“Is there any way that you can cut back on your hours at work?” I asked.
“Well, it would be hairy to do, but maybe if I work 60 hours Monday-Thursday, then I could have Friday-Sunday off. It would make the first four days intense, but it would allow more time for us on the weekends. It would give us one more day together.”
“I don’t see you on your workdays anyways. So, it doesn’t matter to me if you go in earlier and stay later. I like the idea. I would love to have a three-day weekend together."
“It will be demanding, but if it makes you happy, then it is worth it.”
I had wanted him to cut back to a 40-hour workweek, but I would accept his new offer.
“Why don’t we see if Karen is willing to come back? If not, we will hire someone else.”
“No. I really should try to be the kind of mother I was to my kids. If Karen was here, I might easily let her do all the caring for Hailey. I can’t let that happen again. I need to work on my relationship with my daughter.”
Kevin smiled when I said, “My daughter.”
“Tell me how I was born,” Hailey asked me. It had been a week since Kevin, and I had gotten back together. I had been trying to be a worthy mom to Hailey. 
The more I tried to love Hailey, the easier it became. Surprisingly, at times I found that I didn’t have to try. I could feel myself naturally admiring and loving the delightful little girl.
I lugged out Hailey’s baby album and used it to answer Hailey’s question. I plopped in the Luv-sac as Hailey climbed into my lap. Her dark hair wildly flying into my face. “Daddy and I were so excited to have you. We had waited many years to be your mommy and daddy. We knew that if we wanted the best, most perfect kid out there, we had to wait. Finally, God told us we didn’t need to wait anymore. He blessed us with the most beautiful baby in the world!”
Hailey delighted in my story, “That was me, huh mommy! I was the butifulest baby in world!”
I squeezed Hailey tight, “It sure was you!”


CHAPTER 25
 
 
It challenged me, for sure. But, I worked on my relationships with everyone. Hailey had carved her way into my heart, and I loved her. I gave Doug a chance, and we took Hailey on a few outings together. When I didn't fight so hard against Doug, he didn't react negatively to me. We had a lovely friendship together, even though I still didn't trust him.
I visited my dad at the nursing home, but his dementia broke my heart. Kevin and I spent the weekends doing tons of fun things that one can do if they have lots of money like we did.
Thanksgiving arrived. Doug had gone to Connecticut to visit family. Even though our relationship improved, I was glad to have him away. He was around way too much. Meanwhile, I had spent the whole morning in the kitchen with Michelle, Kevin, and Hailey, preparing our Thanksgiving feast. We were making dinner in Dad’s house, so he celebrates the Holiday at his home. That was the first complete Thanksgiving dinner I had ever prepared. I had always gone to Connecticut to see Kevin’s side, or we had done it with my parents, where Mom had prepared the whole spread. It was fun. 
We doubled the recipes so Michelle could take half of the food home to her family. 
Michelle put the final touches on the meal when we went and picked up Dad from the nursing home. 
I envisioned wheeling Dad into this home as tears filled his eyes. He would love the meal that I had laid out.
Waiting in his room, Dad looked freshly shaved, and he had on a light brown cardigan sweater. 
The aids bathed him in cheap bathroom cologne. The smell overpowered the room. Hailey ran to Dad and flung her arms around his neck. 
“Grandpa!” 
“Aren’t you a cute little dewdrop,” Dad said. “Is that your mother?” Dad pointed to me.
I kissed his cheek. “Hi, Dad, are you ready for Thanksgiving?”
“Sure am,” Dad replied. He looked dashingly handsome with his hair slicked with pomade. I choked up.
Kevin wheeled Dad out of the room. 
On our way to the exit, we passed the dining room. Dad flipped his break on his chair. “Woo, where are you going? Dinner is that way.”
“Oh no, Dad, we are eating at your house today. We have slaved all morning, creating the perfect dinner for you.” 
Kevin tried to turn Dad’s chair back in the direction of the doors.
“No, I am having Thanksgiving here. This is where I eat all of my meals.” Dad again turned his chair and headed toward the dining room. Kevin let go of his chair and shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t know what to do.
“Josh, the aid, taught me how to deal with Dad. You just grab his chair and make him go. He might fight a little bit, but in the end, he complies.” I said, instructing Kevin.
Kevin hesitantly seized Dad’s wheelchair handles again. He shoved the wheelchair in the direction of the parking lot. Dad roared in protest to his abductors. “I am not going to go with you anywhere. I am going to have dinner at the ‘club,’ and no one is going to stop me!”
Dad bickered relentlessly. Kevin released the wheelchair, unable to hold Dad against his will. A couple of CNAs showed up in the hall to investigate the commotion.
“Look, Ron, your kids have come to take you to Thanksgiving dinner,” a redhead aid said.
“Yeah, won’t it be fun! You have been waiting all day for this.” A blond said as she bent over Dad to talk to him eye to eye. Dad looked at her and said, “Listen, I am only 22. I don’t have any children. Now, if you’ll all get out of my blasted way, I am late for dinner.” Dad wheeled around everyone and went into the dining room and up to his table.
I felt devastated. 
I had slaved over the perfect feast to honor Dad. What should I do? Dad had ruined my whole Thanksgiving. The blond CNA came over to me.
“It’s ok; Ron is like that to everyone. Deep inside, his spirit recognizes your spirit. Listen, why don’t you guys come join us for dinner. The cooks have labored all morning at preparing a memorable Thanksgiving for our residents. We have a live band that has volunteered their time to bless these dear people’s lives. 
It will be a pleasant experience. Deloris and Peggy aren’t here today, so you can take their spots at the table.”
I turned and looked at Kevin. With my eyes, I asked him what to do. Kevin responded, “It’s your dad. This has to be your call. I will be fine with whatever decision you make.”
“What about the dinner we made?” I whined.
“We will eat it tomorrow.” Kevin grinned and winked to let me know that things were going to be ok. I looked at Hailey, who was so bubbly. She wouldn’t notice if we ate at a nursing home or grandpa’s old house. Trying to simplify things, I grabbed Kevin’s hand and Hailey’s and led them to Dad’s table.
Dad was surprisingly pleasant when everyone sat next to him. He introduced himself and talked about when he used to work as a butler. 
Dad had never been a butler. 
Kevin responded to Dad’s fable and asked questions accordingly. Dad proudly related how he had worked under a billionaire by the name of Rodger Jones. 
He became largely animated when he told how Rodger had died and willed his billions to him. Sadly, the crooked lawyers had swindled him out of most of the money. I chuckled at Dad’s delusion. As a child, I begged Dad to tell stories. He refused, claiming he wasn't creative enough to make them up. 
When the entertainment arrived, Dad stopped talking and sang along with the music. His face sparkled as he relived memories through the songs.
After dinner, the residents lingered. "Bingo!" They chanted.
“Sorry, guys,” the blond aide said. “There is no one here to call bingo.”
“You can call it,” a lady with too much makeup said. Had she done that to herself?
“Sorry, Mable, I have to bathe Caroline right now.”
“Oh please, bingo would be perfect.” Another resident pleaded.
“I can call bingo,” Kevin volunteered. “In fact, I have some trinkets I picked up from India in the car. How about I donate them to your prize basket?”
The resident’s cheered and clapped their hands; they were going to get their beloved game. 
The staff hastily explained the rules to us. Then a massive basket filled with treasures and treats arrived. Hailey became the basket girl, as she dragged the oversized basket to the winner.
"She's so cute," the residents proclaimed.
"Ahh," Hailey would cry every time she spilled the contents. Hailey took pride in her job and refused to let anyone help her.
After the game, Kevin laid Dad down for a nap. The turkey had enveloped him in a sleepy mood.
As we left, Kevin stopped at fifteen residents and pulled items out of his pocket he had gotten them in India.
Kevin handed a small bottle of cologne to an elderly man. "Thank you, Kevin. You are good to me." 
"Anything for you, Steve."
"You brought me a sarong?" Another lady belted out. She wrapped the bright material over her protruding belly. "How did you know I would love this." Her eyes watered with appreciation. "Sally, I know you."
My husband knew the name of everyone he had a gift for. He had purposely selected these items on his trip. My heart swelled with love for him. I knew Kevin had a kind heart, but had I paid attention to how kind he was?
We got in the car and headed back to Dad’s old home. “That was the most amusing Thanksgiving Day that I have ever had.” I said as I peered out the rain-soaked window of the Lexus. I looked back at Hailey, who had already fallen asleep. It had zapped all of her energy to lug the heavy basket. I tried to adjust her neck since she seemed in an uncomfortable position.
Kevin responded, “That was a fun thanksgiving. It taught me a lot about service. However, it was the worst Thanksgiving dinner that I have ever eaten. Everything was soooo dry.”
I had to agree. 
I couldn’t wait to dive into a real meal later that night.
***
Dad forgot me, never again remembering who I was. December arrived, and I tried to create more things to do. I visited Dad twice a week to visit Dad. Hailey and I always helped with Bingo. After the visits to the nursing home, Kevin met us for lunch. That gave us a little more time to see each other in the week.
Somewhere in early December, Doug showed up devastated over his recent holiday weight gain. I swear he acted more like a girl than a man.
"How about we walk together. You can push Hailey. Actually, no, I will push Hailey. It will help me lose weight."
So it was set. Every morning at 9 am, we walked together.
For the first time in my life, I started to love my husband’s brother. Hailey and I bonded, and she slept with me the nights that Kevin didn’t come home.
Sadly, on December 18, Dad became hospitalized with phenomena. His condition did not merit any promise as his tired body struggled to fight the infection. I spent the whole day at the Good Samaritan Regional Medical Center. My mien was particularly low since I had suffered exceptional losses over the last year. I had to bury Mom and allocate Dad to a nursing home. The loss of Ben and Lil’ Dee devastated me. 
“I just don’t think I can handle losing Dad right now,” I told Kevin over the phone. I looked over at my heavily sedated dad. The clicking of equipment hummed in the background. I ate a bite of food off of Dad’s tray. He wouldn't wake to eat it.
“Will you be there for me when Dad goes?”
“Of course, I will. I will hold your hand every step of the way.”
“I can’t do it without you. I must lean on you. I have gone through too much already. I can’t lose Dad.”
“I know, sweetie, I know.”
“Will you promise to take time off work when he dies? I need you, and I can’t be alone.”
“Consider it done.”
“Thank you, honey.”
“I love you. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight. Love you too.” I said into the phone.
***
Four days before Christmas, Dad’s condition worsened as multiple organs weakened. The doctors gave him two months to live. 
I tried to spend all my free time at the hospital. D
One day, Doug rescued me from the hospital and took me on a surprise visit to LaRue’s Spa. He thought a nice facial and up-do would raise my spirits. 


CHAPTER 26
 
 
The magic tingled in the air as Kevin headed to Hailey’s room. “Wake up, Hailey, Santa came!” Kevin excitedly shouted as he scooped Hailey out of her crib. He was highly antsy to get Christmas started. We gathered in the parlor, where the tree elegantly stood. Doug had spent the night, not wanting to be left out of the enchantment.
Hailey was the center of the festivities. She received more than Christmas than all my kids combined Christmases. After all of the packages had been opened, Kevin produced one surprise gift. 
He presented me with a small gold box tied with a silver ribbon.
"Awe, a new necklace," I guessed.
 I enthusiastically tore the ribbon off the box. My excitement built the closer I got to un-covering my bounty. I lifted the lid to unveil a small diaper crammed in the box. 
My face fell as I turned to Kevin.
“That was a cruel joke. Why did you give me one of Hailey’s old diapers wrapped up?”
“Well,” Kevin said, rubbing his hands together. “I know that you have secretly craved a larger family. My gift to you is a baby. After we get back from my work trip to Switzerland, we can start trying for another baby.”
I leaped out of my chair into Kevin’s arms. Doug was right behind me. All four of us grasped hands and danced around the Christmas tree.
The power of the moment energized the room.
Later that evening, Kevin announced he had to leave for a couple of hours.
“Honey, it's Christmas. Where do you have to go that is more important than being with the family?”
Kevin scooped me tenderly into his arms and kissed my lips several times. “I just have to run to the office and fax in some reports. They reach their deadline tonight at midnight.”
I pouted, “Can’t you just fax them here?”
“I would love to, but they are stuck at the office. I meant to bring them home. Now I kick myself for forgetting. Please forgive me.”
I stuck my lip out even more. “But it's Christmas,” I whined.
“I know, I know. I will be quick.” Kevin left.
When I saw Doug chase after, I snuck next to the garage door to listen to them talk.
“Kevin, stay here with your family. Does Stacey remember about those two?”
“No, and you are not going to tell her, either.”
“It just isn’t right to hold such a monumental secret from your wife.”
“I am afraid she just wouldn’t understand.”
“At least visit them tomorrow. It’s Christmas.”
“That is exactly why I have to go; their kids need a good Christmas as well. If I don’t show up tonight, who will?”
“It’s not your problem.”
“Thanks for coming over tonight, Doug. Merry Christmas.” I heard Kevin’s car door shut. I hurried and ran away from the door.
***
Even though I acclimated to my new role in life, I was extremely depressed. Dad stabilized a little but remained in a coma. 
I struggled as I watched his life slip away.
Kevin knew I needed a lift me up, so on a whim, we flew to Disney Land early Tuesday morning. It was just the prescription of relief I needed.
I had forever dreamed of taking Lil’ Dee and Ben there, but we had been too poor. I had vacationed Disney as a kid and once with Deidre Larson. This time, being the mom, I loved watching the enchantment in Hailey as she ran from ride to ride. She got an autograph album and was just as excited about getting characters to sign her book as she was to ride the rides. With money not being a hindrance, we bought all that Hailey wished for. She got Disney ears, toys, crowns, books, and two princess dresses. I enjoyed being able to spend money whenever I wanted to. 
It felt empowering. I also was tickled to be able to spoil my new 
***
I wished I could be better, but I couldn't. The loss of my kids was always simmering on the surface, waiting to destroy my day. 
It was New Year's Eve; Kevin walked into the theater room, looking debonair, in contrast to me, sprawled out in the lazy boy wearing a hideous pink robe.
“Are you sure that we can’t change your mind?” Kevin pleaded. “It’s New Year's Eve, and you plan to spend it looking like a giant pink marshmallow. You can stay locked up in this house any time. New Year’s Eve comes only once a year.”
I turned from Kevin. “Please don’t do this to me. I just need to spend this year out quietly. This last year has been the most exhausting year of my life. I think it will be therapeutic for me to stay home and contemplate all that has happened. If I am feeling ambitious, I might make a list of goals that I would like to see for 2011. Or, maybe I will just watch movies all night.”
Kevin’s plopped on the armrest of the lazy boy and encircled me into his body. “We can stay home and celebrate with you. We don’t have to go.”
I knew that Kevin was just trying to comfort me. He had been looking forward to the New Year’s Party for weeks.
“Nonsense, you said that we’ve been going to this party for six years. You have to go. 2011 would start out wrong if you wasted it here with me. Don’t feel guilty about going. I hope you and Hailey have a pleasant time.”
“Actually, this is our seventh year going. I don’t want to go without you. I will miss you. Maybe we can come home at 10:00 and see the New Year in with you.”
“If you get bored, sure come home and see the New Year in with me. Otherwise, stop feeling guilty and enjoy yourself.”
Kevin leaned into me and planted a kiss on my lips. I breathed in his sweet smell. Hailey squeezed my head in-between her hands and planted a kiss on my cheeks. 
I tickled her warm armpits and sides. Hailey rolled around and squealed in delight. "Let's go get your jacket," Kevin took Hailey to her room. He must not have realized I had followed behind. I heard Hailey say, "Are we seeing Aunt Stephy and Ariel?”
I bit my lip. My good feeling was gone. I couldn’t believe he took Hailey along to his affairs.
I met the two in the kitchen. "Let's go," Kevin said, walking out to the garage. 
"Give us a sec," I said.
I closed the door and turned to Hailey. “Does Daddy ever kiss Aunt Stephanie or Aunt Ariel?”
“We are going there,” Hailey said with a big smile.
“I know, but does Daddy ever kiss them?”
Hailey twirled around and shrugged her shoulders.
“If you want this dollar, you have to help me. Watch Daddy, and tell me if he kisses them, can you do that for me?”
“I don’t know.”
“Never mind, if you can’t do that, then I will keep this money.”
“I can do it,” Hailey said as she reached for the money.
“Ok, you get it after you help mommy. But you can’t tell Daddy about our deal. Can you keep a secret?”
“Yes, I keep a secret from you about Aunt Stephy and Ariel.”
My heart dropped.
The horn blared in the garage. “Come on, Hailey.”
“Pinky, promise, tell me if they kiss,” I said as we locked pinkies.
“Pinky promise,” Hailey said as she bounded away.
***
Dejected, I sat on the couch. As I stewed in anger, Doug startled me.
“Do you know the directions to the party tonight?” He said as he walked into the house.
“No,” I replied.
“Hey, are your eyes red? What’s wrong? You know, it isn’t doing you any good to stay here by yourself. Come to the party with us.” Doug said as he looked at me with his brown eyes.
“Kevin and Hailey already went, and I really don’t want to go.”
“Are you sure?”
“Very sure, have fun.”
“Ok, I will just call Kevin to get the directions.”
Just as Doug was about to close the door, I called out to him, “Hey Doug.”
He popped back in, “You change your mind?”
“No, I just have a question. Who are Stephanie and Ariel?”
Doug looked uncomfortable. “How do you know about them?” He asked.
“Come on. I am not entirely stupid. I know Kevin is having an affair. Just tell me how long he has been doing it.”
“Kevin isn’t having an affair.”
“I don’t expect you to rat out your twin, but I’m not dumb.”
“Listen, Stacey, he really isn’t. Do you remember how Kevin used to go golfing the third Saturday every month?”
I just nodded, for I had no shared memories with Doug.
“He went with a couple of buddies. I don’t remember their names. But, that doesn’t matter. I’m not sure where he met those two guys, but they had been golfing together for several years. I am sure you remember when his golfing buddies got in that horrific wreck last year and were killed. It was so devastating. You have to remember that?”
“Sure,” I said to keep the story going.
“Since Kevin was driving, he felt responsible to his friend's widows, even though it was the other guy's fault, and he didn't have insurance. Well, his friends left behind wives and kids. Neither one of them had insurance policies. Kevin felt responsible for their welfare. Kevin bought both families a duplex to share when Stephanie was about to be tossed out onto the street with her babies. You were part of picking out the duplexes. You also felt bad for the two widows and gave Kevin the full go-ahead to help them with whatever they needed. He goes over there regularly to give them money and help them out. He fixes things that break and puts clothes on the kid’s backs and food in their pantries, and at one time, you helped with this. I promise you, he has never been with either one of them, but Kevin is very kind and compassionate. You know that about him.”
“Are you sure he isn’t cheating on me?”
Doug did the scout symbol, “Scouts honor. I personally wouldn’t give my money away as he does, but that is where we are different. 
But, Stacey, don’t worry about it. I promise you. You should be proud of him and not mad at him. He is loyal to you.”
“But why is it now a secret against me?”
“I don’t know. I have told Kevin to tell you. He just thinks it would be too much on you right now. It sounds kind of weird what he does, but at one time, you supported it. I guess he is afraid the new you will make him stop.”
We sat in silence.
“Well, I’m going to run. If you change your mind, call me.”
Doug left
My nerves settled, and I sat there, happy to be alone again. Suddenly, I found myself proud of Kevin. What a kindhearted man.
"Ah, time to myself, " I said as I turned the FM. The broadcaster wished everyone a happy New Year’s Eve. I settled on the floral Davenport. 
Led Zeppelin boomed out of the PSB Stratus Gold speakers. Closing my eyes, I listened to the beloved sounds of Zeppelin, reminiscing what a crazy year it had been. If life hadn’t changed, Ben would be turning 13, and Lil’ Dee would be turning 9. I most likely would have continued with life as the PTA president. I would have finished Sub for Santa. I would be enjoying the Christmas break with my adorable kids, where we would have baked cookies, gone Christmas caroling, and many other feel-good holiday traditions.
I wanted to figure out what to do with the next year since this was my life. This life offered limitless options. I treasured my house. I felt closer to Kevin than I ever did, maybe because of how frequently I had to lean on him. It was true what they said, tragedy did bring people together. Thank goodness we endured the most challenging part of my trial. Things had improved. 
 
 
CHAPTER 27
 
 
Some people call me the space cowboy
Yeah
Some call me the gangster of love.
Some people call me Maurice.
Cause I speak of the Pompatus of love.
 
Steve Miller rang out in the parlor, and the music woke me up. I wiped the drool off of my chin. I must have drifted asleep. The clock on the radio said 10:22. Chills traveled up and down my arms. An ominous feeling lurked inside of me. I didn’t know why.
Hearing Steve Miller used to elicit fond memories. Now it just reminded me of my encounter with Asp. “Sometimes, the cost is not worth the price,” I repeated Asp’s words over and over in my mind.
“Was the cost worth it? NO WAY! Not to me anyway.
A thought entered my head, and I ran to the bookshelf in the game room and searched the albums. I surprisingly came across what I was searching for, a tattered photo album that Deidre and I had compiled during our childhood and early adult years. After Deidre’s death, Jessica gave me more pictures to add to it. Back on the Davenport, I opened the book. Jessica’s pictures weren’t in there, but there were many new ones that I had never seen. They were from the years that I had no recollection of.
I carried the book back with me into the parlor. I recalled the sorrow that I felt when Deidre died. When I lost my best friend, Deidre carried a piece of me to the grave with her. The death of Deidre kept us eternal best friends. As each year passed on without Deidre, Deidre became immortalized in my memory. Her flaws and shortcomings soon became blotted out. Deidre achieved icon status to me. In my other life, I wouldn’t let go of my mourning my loss over Deidre. For the last 12 years, I had often wondered where Deidre would be if she had lived. In a way, I had been obsessed with Deidre’s memory. I never once imagined that if Deidre had lived, that our relationship would have become ugly. I pictured us best friends for life, imagining supporting each other in every corner of life: graduations, marriages, babies being born, deaths, losses, divorces, awards, and anything else that best friends share.
Pasts had changed, and Deidre was alive; however, her hostility to me was stinging. For me, it was far better to have Deidre dead and enjoy our positive memories than to have Deidre alive and have her pose malevolence towards me. How I wished Deidre had stayed dead. As I thought about it, I drifted back to sleep.
When I awoke, I decided to write my goals for the New Year. I moved to the burgundy antique 19th C. Victorian Herter-style parlor chair. My goals enraptured me as I penned them.
I needed to move forward with my life.
I was the mother of a cute three-year-old whom I found myself falling in love with. I found peace that I had allowed myself to build a relationship with Hailey. 
I also planned to be a better wife to Kevin. 
I wrote goals concerning my two joys: them.
Captivated by my aspirations, my spirits rose. When I wrote my last goal, I noticed the radio playing Steve Miller again.
“It must be a Steve Miller-athon,” I thought. A raw surge of emotions stabbed into me and traveled through every vein and neuron in my body. I felt frightened and alone. 
It would have been nice to have Hailey and Kevin home. I looked at the clock. 1:05 am. Wow, I had lost track of time. Feeling a bit apprehensive that my family wasn’t home yet, I stood up and paced in front of the window, keeping my eye on the driveway. Soon lights flooded my driveway, and I relaxed; they were home.
The lights stopped outside of the garage, but they didn’t pull in. The engine turned off.
Suddenly my heart raced. That's not Kevin.
I peeked out the window and trembled. Who would be coming to my house at this hour? 
Distantly, I could hear footsteps and feel their vibration as they ascended my balcony stairs. My legs trembled, and my muscles tensed.
There's no way I am going to open the door.
A tremendous jolt of fear surged my body. A loud bang on the outside of the Moliterno door caused my heart to jump in my chest. 
The masked murderer banged again, even louder. Oh, how I wished Kevin would pull up any second and save me.
The doorbell rang. I glanced at the phone, deciding if I should call the police.
“What do you want?” I called behind the door. I held the phone in my hand, ready to dial 911.
“Please open up, Mrs. Caldwell. We are the Newport police,” a calm voice uttered through the door.
“The police? Why are they here?" I undid the latch and turned off the alarm. I opened the door to two officers on my balcony.
“Mrs. Caldwell?” They asked. Fearfully, I nodded yes. “We regretfully come to tell you that your husband Kevin Caldwell and the toddler with him were in a car accident.”
I staggered backward. 
Had I heard them right? The taller officer reached out and supported me with his arm.
“What? How?” I stammered.
“A drunk driver hit them at 10: 22 pm tonight.”
“10:22,” I recalled earlier, glancing at the clock at that precise moment. That was when Steve Miller had played on the radio. I had woken up from my nap at that very moment. Chills erupted on my body.
“Are, are…” I couldn’t bear to ask the question. 
“Are they all right?”
The police just stared at me in silence.
“Mrs. Caldwell, I am truly sorry; they didn’t make it.”
“Noooooooooooooo!” I screamed. “No…no…no… You can’t take them from me. I have already lost too much. Please. 
No.no.no.no.no! Don’t do this to me, don’t do this to me!” I ranted as giant tears rolled down my face.
The officers looked at each other; I’m sure they loathed that part of their job. It couldn’t be easy to deliver the news of a loved one’s death.
“I can’t do it. I can’t do it. You must be mistaken. Oh no... Please, Lord, don’t take my family. You have already taken too much.”
I dropped to the floor; I rested my head on the tile entryway while slamming it with my fists. 
I didn’t feel the pressure that crushed my hands. I rocked back and forth as I howled. The shorter officer reached his hand down and rested it on my back. He rubbed it a couple of times, unsure of how to ease my suffering. He looked over at his partner, and they both shrugged their shoulders.
My world crashed under me again. I felt every cell in my body rip in half. The sensation felt as if my stomach closed while my veins hardened, and my skin had peeled away.
“Mrs. Caldwell, would you like us to call you an ambulance?” The short officer asked. I remembered when they had drugged me and took me to the crazy house. I didn’t want that to happen again. I sat up, attempting to show the officers that I could control myself. The tall officer grabbed my hand and pulled me up.
“How did it happen?” I asked, struggling to compose my rising despair. I rubbed the tears with the back of my hand.
“Sometimes, the details should just be left unknown.” The short officer said.
Hysteria burst forth, “Tell me all the details about the accident!” I demanded.
“They were headed westbound on Highway 20. A drunk driver headed eastbound on Highway 20 crossed into their lane and hit them dead on. I mean, head-on, sorry. Mrs. Caldwell, they died instantly. They didn’t feel anything.”
“Did the drunk at least die?” I asked.
“She sure did.” 
The short one said, “Thank goodness, too. I have no compassion for drunk drivers. They don’t deserve a place on our planet. It would be better if they were never born. You wouldn’t believe how many lives drunks rip apart. I would be ok if they put alcohol on prohibition again. You know, last year I came across...” The tall police officer jabbed his partner to get him to stop.
“Sorry,” he said.
“Was anyone with the drunk?” I asked, obsessed to know everything about the accident. 
The tall officer studied his report. “It was a female driver, in her thirties. Thank goodness she was alone. One less person to die.”
I just stared at the officers; I could feel my emotions intensifying. I tried not to give way to the increased hysteria that roared within since I did not want to get sedated again.
“Says here her name was Deidre Bill,” the tall one replied.
Immediately I collapsed to the floor. Deidre Bill. 
Deidre Bill, who once was Deidre Larson. 
She is dead now.
After all, I sacrificed for her, and she still dies, but worse, for the very life I had resurrected, she ended up taking the life of my family. How could this be?
How could the fates twist life up so wrong?
"You know Diedre?" The tall officer asked. I stared past him. He turned to the shorter one and whispered, “I told you to lay off about 'all drunks should be dead.' I think Mrs. Caldwell knows Mrs. Bill as well.” 
“Ma’am, can we help you?” The tall officer asked. “We really should call an ambulance for her,” he said to the short one.
“No, I’m fine.” 
I crawled to the door and slammed it in their faces.
I stared at the fire roaring in the parlor. I could hear Asp’s voice again. “Sometimes, the cost is not worth the price.”
Just then, I heard the ending of the Steve Miller song on the radio.
 
Hey, hey, baby can't you hear it?
Can't you hear your daddy?
Can't you hear your daddy's heart?
 
I rolled on the floor, bawling. I would never hear Kevin’s heartbeat again, I would never brush Hailey’s smooth hair again, and I would never move on. All my dreams and plans vanished. I had nothing of significance left.
I frantically ran to my list of goals. I tore the sheets out of the notebook and madly shredded the goals into tiny pieces. 
I launched my future ambitions into the fire. My stomach throbbed. I kneeled next to the fire and vomited all over my shirt. The acid burned my throat, nose, and mouth. The bitter vomit fermented on my tongue. I didn’t care. What did it matter? What did anything matter anymore? I had lost everything that was most dear to me. Gone.
Everything gone.
And for what? 
A wench that despised me and took my family's life. Vengefully, I was glad Deidre had died. Deidre did not deserve life, for she was a bitter woman. How could I have sold my world to the devil only to have Deidre destroy the last shreds of my life?
“Noooooooooooo!!!” 
I shrilled as I pulled my hair. I would never recover. I would never go on. 
I glanced about the parlor. I lived in luxury, and it meant nothing. 
What was all the materialism worth, with my family taken? I clutched a crystal lamp and ripped the cord out of the wall. I smashed the light into the fire. I snatched the two silk throw pillows and threw them into the fire. 
The flames intensified as it devoured its new fuel source. I tried to pick up the coffee table, but my strength had depleted. Instead, I yanked the phone cord out of the wall. I repeatedly smashed the phone into the coffee table, leaving giant gauges in the wood. I collected the pile of busted metal and catapulted it against the wall. When I couldn’t locate anything else to throw, I collapsed onto the davenport.
The shorter officer's words replayed in my head, “I have no compassion for drunk drivers. They don’t deserve a place on our planet. It would be better if they were never born.”
Deidre was not supposed to be alive. In fact, if she had stayed dead, then she wouldn’t have been able to kill Kevin and Hailey. If she would have stayed dead, then I would not be in a never-ending HELL! I would be in my childhood home surrounded by Kevin, Ben, and Lil’ Dee. Deidre would have lived the life that she was destined to live and died when destiny had decided. Instead, that one gift of life destroyed so many other lives. And in the end, Deidre still died.
I heard Asp’s voice again, “Sometimes the cost is not worth the price.”
“Hey Devil women, I was wrong!” I proclaimed. “Deidre was meant to die. PLEASE send me back to where I am supposed to be. 
Send me back to a dead Deidre and my family alive. Please, take this hell from me.”
I could now see that my life before had been pretty close to perfect. I had squandered too much of my time, invariably wishing and wondering how things would have been otherwise. I had wondered what would have happened if I hadn’t had been married before I had gotten pregnant. What would have happened if I had gotten an education? I had exchanged my favorable times for ‘unknowns," wasting the joy I could have felt then, for empty regrets now. 
I had it all. Why hadn't I recognized it? And now, I had nothing.
I palmed a letter opener and slashed at myself. I tore open the skin up and down my arm. Small amounts of blood leaked through the lacerations. I tried to feel the sensation of the cuts, but I couldn’t. I could only feel the agony of my heart. I crouched into the fetal position and swayed from side to side. My stomach burned as I again puked. It exploded all over the davenport.
The memory of Deidre beating me up flashed in my mind. I remembered how she had put a restraining warrant against me. I pictured Deidre dead in the ditch that fateful morning of our bike ride. All of my Deidre memories flooded my mind.
“The cost was never worth the price! If only I would have realized the value of my life before Asp.” I wailed. I grabbed my and Deidre’s photo album and chucked it into the fire. “The cost was not worth the price.”
Zzzzaboooooooooooooooom! 
A sonic boom ricocheted across the house, rattling all the glass. I lifted my head and looked around. Suddenly, the flames in the fireplace came alive, spilling across the floor and zapping everything. It reached through the fireguard and climbed the side of the wall. Orange and yellow danced and licked the perimeter around the fireplace. Although the flames were bright and powerful, they never consumed anything.
Zzzzabooooooooooooooooom! Another boom went off as a giant snake magically appeared in the center of the blaze. 
The snake slipped out of the fireplace and slithered toward me. Its forked tongue shot out of its mouth. Beady eyes locked in on me. The brown snake had black tallies marked across its scales.
As the creature reached me, I abruptly recognized it as an Asp snake. I had seen this snake before. I stuck out my wrist, daring the Asp to plant its fangs deep into my veins and end my life. The snake brought its diamond-shaped head up to my wrist and launched out its tongue. 
Instead of prickling, I felt a wet sensation as its tongue explored my wrist. Wrapping its strong body around my arm, the snake ascended up my limbs. 
"Bite me already!"
It tangled its whole self around and around my body until it stopped face to face with me. I pushed out my neck, again tempting it to bite me. It brought its face to mine and stared at me.
The Asp locked its eyes with mine. In the background from the radio, Steve Miller’s voice rang out from another song.
 
Oh, weeping willow tree.
Weeping sympathy.
Bend your branches down.
Along the ground and cover me.
When the shadows fall. 
Bend, oh, willow and weep for me 
Gone my lovers dream .
Lovely summer's dream.”
 
The lyrics penetrated my heart. Screaming, I ripped the snake from my torso and flung it across the room. I bitterly rolled onto the floor and said one last time. 
“The cost was not worth the price. Do you hear me Asp? THE COST WAS NOT WORTH THE PRICE!!!!”
"The snake returned and slithered up my body. On the top of my head, it coiled into a ball.
“UNDO MY HELL!” 
I screamed.
I closed my eyes and made a wish.
The Asp slithered down my neck, around my back, and came to my outstretched wrist. It spread its jaws wide open and sunk its sharp teeth into my arm. I felt the poison surge through my veins, stinging with an intensity worse than my pain.
And then there was a sonic boom.
Everything went dark.
 
 
About the Author


Stephanie Daich loves life, family, and MMA. She also loves learning, dancing, skating, imagining, hiking, camping, fishing, swimming, cannoning, playing music, listening to music, and writing!!!!!
 
Other books written by Stephanie Daich


Amongst the Dragons series:
-A Rose Amongst the Dragons I
-A Tyrant Amongst the Kingdoms II
-A Vigilante Amongst the Foe III
 
Alora Funk Series”
-Alora Funk the Deliverance
-Alora Funk the Discovery

-Out of Breath
