

Copyright 2019
Chapter 1
For as long as I can remember, I have been incapable of saying the name of that distinct carpenter from the bible without feeling this sharp, stabbing pain in the center of me. I don’t know why. I have come to consider the possibility that maybe I was born with a very specific aversion. Just as cigarette smoke makes some break out in hives or bee stings close up a person’s throat, mine is a reaction to that Name. The first Name specifically. I can say the last name, the Christ. But the idea of saying the first Name brings a cold chill to my body. It leaves me gasping for breath. It leaves me feeling broken, a cup trying to hold liquid as it drains away from me. It leads to horrible moments of anxiety. It leads to panic attacks. And ultimately it leads to graphic thoughts of suicide.
When Brooke and I met, everything was good. Now… now it’s all ruined. Now it’s all over. She went to church today and she came back to tell me some news. She converted, prayed that prayer they try to get you to say. I didn’t even know she was shopping around. I thought she was happy on our religion-free road. If I had known she was playing around with such things, if I had known her Sunday morning was spent in the halls of a church, I would have distracted her. I would have found a way to keep her far from that place every Sunday.
“Do you have anything to say, Eric?” She looks at me, Fiona and Mitchy circling my feet. Yeah, daddy! Tell mommy what she wants to hear! Their eyes are loud even though they haven’t spoken a word. Mitchy is too young to speak, only just recently beginning to take his first uncertain steps. And Fi, usually a spit fire of opinions and four year old tangents, is unusually quiet. She took them too? Where was I? How did I not know? Since telling me her news, I have only stared ahead, trying to focus only on my breathing. She said the Name, the one I can’t say, the one I can’t hear. And now my heart is a loud thumping, a continuous beating drum getting louder and louder. What can I say? Everything is changed now, Brooke! We are incompatible! I am a smoke free house and you just lit up.
I look down at my children. The sadness is louder than the thumping. I close my eyes for a moment. I can already imagine the next few weeks. Divorce papers. A split home. A foundation cracked for two little people just now starting to build up their blocks. They’ll never understand why I couldn’t stay. And neither will Brooke. She doesn’t know about the panic attacks and she doesn’t know their cause. She was perfect for me for many reasons, but especially for her distaste in religion. We didn’t talk about it. The topic was never around us. I made sure to keep it contained, some type of quarantine parameters always implemented—well, I can’t say always. Not today. I fell asleep somewhere along the way and now everything is broken.
Her eyes scan over me a few more times and then wander away with her as she guides the kiddos to another part of the house. She knows the silent treatment, she’s been on the receiving end of it many times. It’s a pause for thought, a pause so I can say the mean (sometimes cruel) things in my head. And there are many things I want to say to her right now. You broke the rules! You changed the game! You ruined everything we built! This set you apart! But now you are no better than any of the others! Did you ruin our children too?! Did you fill them with that poison?! Did you go and make them incompatible with me?!
I say none of it but in my head, it continues. Along with the still fast beating heart, the onslaught continues. All it seems to do is inflate an already overinflated balloon. If I can’t calm down, I worry I’m going to pop. My lungs are shriveling up, tightness grabs hold of my hands and squeezes, a numbness now spreading from my fingers up toward my forearms. It was that Name being said… and the things I keep screaming inside… and the fact that I’m about to lose all that I love.
Brooke and the kids are out of sight, in the living room, I think. I’m bent over in the dining room, feeling like somebody has a vice grip on my lungs, cranking tighter and tighter. I’m trying to breathe but pressure is all I feel. Pressure from all sides and the release valve to bleed it away is missing—it’s always been missing. I just have to make it through. If I can just take a few deep breaths—but I can’t. It feels like I’m suffocating, drowning but without water. This is as bad as it has been in a long time. If not ever.
I close my eyes to try and calm down. I can only see the top of dark stairs. The walls are old stone. It’s not only pressure I feel but fear. Immense and growing. The light downstairs is dim, long shadows stretching up the stone walls, reaching toward me—
“Eric!” Brooke’s voice pulls me back. My eyes open in the way they would if I had spent a night getting sick over the toilet. I’m weak and on the floor of the dining room. The attack has passed but I feel drained, a balloon, once too full, now fully deflated, never to regain the same shape it once had. Brooke now knows something is wrong and she will never see me the same way. “What happened to you?”
I shake my head and shrug. It’s not an act. I’ve always had attacks when hearing the Name, but never even one image to answer why. A paralyzing fear at the top of dark stairs leading down into a place far darker. I take a deep breath. It almost sounds like an empty aerosol can. I imagine my voice is nothing more than a rasp. Something’s different about today. I’ve been given a peek behind the curtain and I can only take it to mean one thing: this isn’t broken beyond repair just yet.

Brooke is on her knees, Fiona standing next to her. Mitchy is sitting on the floor, a few blocks keeping him occupied for the moment.
“Are you okay, daddy?” Fi’s eyes look both scared and compassionate, both willing to take on the weight and unable to fully understand it.
“I’m okay, Fi.” My voice isn’t as empty as I expected it to be.
“Time to spill it, Eric. What’s going on? Why does this not seem to surprise you?”
Silence as I prepare to answer. Where should I begin? To show I’m planning on answering her, I look at her deep bronze eyes, my mouth opened slightly, as if the words are made in a factory just waiting to roll down the conveyor belt. This silence is a different brand. A brand she welcomes. It isn’t cold and distant. It’s eventual. And it shows intent.
Finally the words are there. “I’ve had panic attacks for most of my life. They are brought on by one thing. And, um, ya-you just accepted Him into your life.”
Her mouth is now open just the same but the factory seems to have stalled. Her eyes squinted, her nose scrunched—does she think I’m lying? What a low thing to do… what a low opinion to have of me. It would be an effective lie, for sure, but who would be snake-like enough to use it? Not me. She should know that. Our years together have seen many of our hidden rooms exposed. We still have our secrets, of course. Nobody ever knows anybody entirely. How can we? We don’t truly know ourselves. How can I let her see behind every door when there are ones I wasn’t even aware of?
“Wa-why have you never told me?” Her look of disbelief has changed into a long and thorough search, the scanning resumes as she shuffles across my eyes with hers: a cast of light looking for answers.
“It never came up. It wasn’t important. It didn’t apply to our lives. It was the perfect situation. But now—”
“It doesn’t make sense.”
“No. It doesn’t. But, it’s always happened. The first name, that J one. Even the beginning of it… I react to it severely, B. I always have. So I avoid it.”
Her eyes are sad now. I think she’s starting to picture the same thing happening in the next few weeks. A split home. What we’re going to tell Fi. I want to ask her to choose me, as if this was a situation where I was allergic to a pet and I was given precedence over the animal. But, I’m afraid I wouldn’t be chosen. Her look tells me that she’s already made her decision. Something happened today, something I don’t understand. My wife is different than she was. Some kind of confidence is with her, some kind of assurance that I can’t match. She has found that thing we all look for, an epiphany that lights up the dim spots and paints everything with a clarity that has been missing. I see it on her face that my ideals and hers are different now. Even if she decided to go back to the way things were, it wouldn’t be genuine.
“Daddy.” Fi wandered away to take a few of Mitchy’s blocks, which he then threw across the floor in rebellion. This conversation, which has been filled with more pauses than words, has never been allowed the quiet atmosphere it requires. Fi helped stir the pot and now Mitchy’s crying.
“I’ll change him and then we can talk some more.” Sometimes Brooke’s statements sound like questions.
I nod my head.
“Daddy.” Oh, Fi is persistent. Her dark brown hair is only a shade or two lighter than Brooke’s, braids meeting braids leading down into two tight pigtails. She’s beautiful, just like her mother. Her white dress is dirty from crawling around on the floor. And even so, she looks far more put together than me. She’s standing. I’m still on the floor, my weak legs trying to regain their previous strength. “Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!”
“Yes, Fi!” she knows how to make my voice raise in response. “What is it?”
“We learned about Jesus today.”
It’s back again, just as bad as before. “Hel-help!” I call but can’t hear myself. I just hear the pounding. My heart feeling ready to stop. I am a young man, only thirty two, and slim by even slim standards. But the attacks leave me feeling like some kind of main component is missing and I’m beginning to short out. I’m going to lose them because they won’t give up the very Name I can’t be around. Now even Fiona says It. This is a whole new trajectory, unfairly introduced into my life without a thought to how it would affect me. Brooke knew my stance and yet she went searching. And worse yet, she brought the kids. I would be better off dead. My whole family are now possessors of a poison that will one day kill me. I wish it were now. A quick and merciful end for a man deficient of the very thing they now seek. What a sick cosmic joke.
All sounds are drowned out. I look around, Fi’s face filled with worry as she looks back for mommy. She yells for her too, I think. Brooke runs from Mitchy’s room, him tucked like a football under her arm. She reaches her hand up toward my face. And her touch immediately softens the constant drumming of my heart. I don’t want to close my eyes again. I can’t. Something was at the bottom of those stairs and if I stay long enough, I fear it will reach me.
I watch my family in front of me. The thought of being removed from this picture is devastating. They are everything I want. But now exactly what I can’t have. If Brooke didn’t believe me before, she has to believe me now. Fiona just wanted to tell me about her day. She just wanted to share with me, her father incapable of handling such basic news.
Her presence with me, her eyes sad but set on me, Brooke ends the drumming. And the sounds that were always going on in front of me return.
Daddy? Are you okay?
Just breathe, Eric. Just breathe. It’s going to be okay.
The second spell in only minutes, the weight of the situation is heavy and only getting heavier. Silence sits between us, our eyes taking us to many places. Hers are still sad but there’s something else in them. A fleck, maybe.
“You can’t live like this, Eric. W-we can’t live like this.” She pauses as she puts Mitchy down. He immediately staggers toward me, his hands reaching for me. I’m in no place to hold him right now but that doesn’t stop him from sitting down next to me. “If we seek out help for you, would you take it?”
I can’t help but feel envy. She’s not tossing me away but she is saying if it doesn’t change, we’ll have to find other arrangements. She is saying that this Name is worth far more to her than me. How the hell that is even possible after one church service is something I can’t begin to understand. I’m glad I didn’t ask her to choose between us; she already has. And the sting is like being held over an open flame.
“Why did you go looking? Are you not happy?” I ask as a side tangent to the one she posed.
“That’s not important right now, Eric. A conversation we can have another time. Right now, I just need to know if you are willing to try.”
What she really means is, “Right now, I just need to know if you’ll bend to my will. I need to know if you’ll change everything about yourself so that you can stay with the people who claim to love you. Right now, I need to know if my sneaking and betrayal of priorities will go unnoticed and we can focus on you. It’s all on you, Eric. It always is.”
“What does ‘try’ mean? What do you expect me to find?” Now I’m sneaking around in some way, not letting her know about the image of the stairs, the reaching shadows. I don’t want to know what waits at the bottom of them. That is what she is asking of me, whether she realizes it or not. And what she is asking is unfair on so many levels.
“Answers. Or at least tools to help you cope.”
“Or,” I stop myself. Or you could be faithful to me, drop that stupid religion and never say that Name around me or our children ever again!
”Or what?” she asks, already prying far too much.
“… Nothing. What kind of help are you thinking, if I were to try?”
“The church is offering—”
“No.”
“It’s free, Eric. And it’s directed toward people with trauma. Couldn’t it be a God thing? The one day I go to church, there is a program offered to help those with trauma? It’s pretty strange to be a coinci—”
“What trauma, Brooke?”
“Can you just try for me—for us?”
“If I don’t, are we done?”
She pauses for a moment and then shakes her head. “No. But, I’m scared it will break us apart quickly. I’m scared that you’ll lash out and become rigid. I’m scared that you’ll pull away from us to protect yourself. Please, just try.”
I nod my head without saying a word. Isn’t that how you should act in a hostage situation? She has the gun and I’m at her mercy. If we did split, she’d almost certainly win full custody. What would keep her from telling the court about my crippling anxiety, my frail state at even the mention of that J name? It would be ammo. And she would use it, if she had to. If I try and things still don’t work out, maybe she’ll be more flexible. Maybe I’ll still get to have my children in some way. Don’t shoot, Brooke! I’m unarmed.

Brooke made a series of phone calls throughout the day, securing me a spot with the church group. Once a go-getter, always a go-getter. It starts tomorrow night from 6 to 8 and continues nightly through Friday. A five day thing. A short program, according to her. She’s done her best to paint it up as a good thing, an opportunity for free therapy at the least—you know, because everybody is just dying to have someone go through the contents of their attic. Also, what her optimism doesn’t seem to understand is that free is rarely good. I’m expected to let someone from a free program lead me down the stairs and into some kind of further understanding? What if they can’t? Or what if they bring me downstairs and I’m never able to come back up?
I hate that my partner is now a strange being to me. She’s laying on her side of the bed, flipping through the little handout book she was given at the church. Usually, we’d be ‘dancing in the sheets’ as Shalamar so eloquently puts it. Since I got the snip-snip, our sex life has been more than active. We’re good with the two kids we have. Now sex is an extracurricular activity we like to revisit often. Or it was…
Now, my wife—if that’s still who’s sitting next to me—is downloading a Holy Bible app on her phone. She catches me glancing at her. Somehow it’s even worse that she’s about to do bible study with only laced underwear and a tight fitted t-shirt on. This strange creature looks just like my Brooke. I desire her body, her touch, her feel. And still, I am turned off by her. She isn’t the same. It’s only been about nine hours since telling me her news. That news has already changed her in so many ways. She might as well be on driftwood, letting the waves of a strong current take her out to sea. Or maybe she’s on land and I’m in the water, drifting farther away from her with the passing minutes.
“Is something wrong, Eric?” Is she serious? Can she not see what’s bothering me? Before bringing J into her life, Brooke was exciting. She was crude and hilarious. What about now? If I were to run off a string of “inappropriate” words just because, would she give me the Christian eyes of disappointment? I don’t curse often, something my mom instilled in me. It’s just not proper, Eric. Well, I don’t always like being proper.
In many ways, Brooke, it feels like I am in your past. And if I don’t entertain this new and grating road you’ve taken, you’ll gladly open the door and kick me clear. You should be naked with me right now. We should be enjoying one another, making our cloth headboard knock against the wall, testing the strength of our bed frame legs. Instead… the distance is only growing.
“No.” I can’t say what I want to. It’s best to just shut up. Nothing good will come from telling her the truth. Right now I have her support. If this free therapy doesn’t produce the results she hopes it will, I need to keep everything civil. If it comes down to us separating, silence is a shield that will protect me.
The simple truth is I can’t trust her like before. We were partners, happily going along our chosen road. Without warning she left me alone. The worst part is she still acts like we’re in this together. If we were in this together, you wouldn’t have left. You may be only a few feet from me but we couldn’t be farther apart right now.
I turn off the lamp on my nightstand. Without saying another word, I pull the blankets up to cover my shoulders and turn away from her.

Lucid dreaming is rare for me. To have both the awareness that I’m lying in bed while also watching a dream as if it’s a home movie—it’s usually only when I have a high fever and my brain is misfiring. And it may be the same thing tonight. It may be… but something about it is different. I am in the dream, both watching from the participant’s eyes and aware that I can control none of what happens. I am a child; and I am a man sleeping in my bed. Standing at the counter of an old gas station, much of the details surrounding us smudged, he grabs a chocolate bar from three small rows of candy. It’s here where the familiar panicked thumping returns. The little boy doesn’t share in it. He is unaffected by the man within now feeling the familiar and debilitating fear setting in. Without thought of me, he puts the chocolate bar in his pocket quickly, glancing up to his left. The woman he sees is still looking ahead, her curls salt and pepper and loose on her head. Her dress is long, a light blue denim thing covering a heavy mass of a body. We look back to the candy and he reaches out to grab something else—
She grabs his arm without warning. Busted, you foolish little boy. Why does it feel like I’m busted too? And why is it that when we look up at her, her face is smudged like most everything else in the gas station? I try to look around but the little boy doesn’t move his head. He is digging in his other pocket, hesitant to hand it over.
“What did I tell you before we left the house?” her voice sounds as if it is coming from a cave, a slight echo before fading.
“Candy is f-for good boys.”
Suddenly I feel as if I’m being pulled from the little boy. And as my tether to him is removed, I see all the things he wouldn’t turn to see. The floor is an old black and white checkerboard tile, stained by years of customer use and owner neglect. The ceiling is white speckled tiles, cleaner than the floor but not by much. A thin man is sitting in a wheelchair in the middle of the aisle, a few strands of light hair left on his horribly scarred head. His face looks like a series of puzzle pieces put together that don’t fit completely but still form a mostly full picture. Dressed in camouflage pants and a matching jacket, much of his body is hidden, but it doesn’t hide that parts of him are missing. His legs are cheaply made prosthetics and his left arm, though resting naturally on the armrest, curves out in an unnatural way. A man blown apart and pieced back together, it seems. A man who was most alive in the military. A little patch sewn on his jacket says THE ASSASSIN. I wouldn’t be surprised if it was his now legal name. If anybody could wear it, it’s him.
Though he pays no mind to me, I get closer to him. There is a distinct smell of old urine on his clothing. It immediately makes me tense up. It’s familiar. Without warning the split nature of this lucid episode develops into something else. The dream cuts to black and now I’m just aware that I’m sleeping, aware that I’m not able to wake up, aware that another attack has started and I can’t do anything to alleviate it. I’m lying face down. I tell my body to move—the connection isn’t there. Here comes the rapid thumping. Here comes the numbness in my extremities, always threatening to climb higher until it paralyzes me once and for all. Here comes the weight trying its best to suffocate me. I’ve had panic attacks for as long as I can remember. But they’ve been in a different category today. Little by little the curtain is falling away. And what’s on the other side is something my body doesn’t want me to know—
Breathe. Calm down. Breathe. If you don’t, Brooke will wake up to find that you died in the night. Breathe. Think about Fiona. Think about Mitchell. Don’t focus on what you’ve just seen. No matter how much I try to be my own coach, it doesn’t work. My thoughts meet and bounce off of each other. I try to breathe but it seems each breath is shallower than the last. Wake up! Panic is everywhere, all parts of me seeming to shut off and then turn back on without warning or a discernible pattern. Is my heart still beating rapidly? Is it about to stop? My awareness of my situation is muddled, a trash heap of symptoms only continuing to pile up. The higher it gets the less I can see clearly. I am sick in my very center. I can’t even sleep anymore without being monitored for symptoms…
It feels like I am being held under water and everything is beginning to fade. Am I dying? Help! HELP! JUST LET ME WAKE UP!
Without warning, the dark of an ended dream turns back on and I see the waves of the ocean sliding toward me. Back when everything was easy, back when the curtain was firmly closed and only that J name caused my body to go haywire…
The sound of waves have always calmed me. This is a memory I remember fondly and as I focus on the details, the split nature begins to detach. The attack may be over. Or I may have died and am now sitting in the last memories of a dying mind before everything cuts to black. Whatever it is, the panic is gone. And if this is my death, it isn’t a bad way to go at all. Brooke is sitting on the sand to my right, her smile an invitation for me to take her here and now. And I did. We finished as the tide began to rise, a cold foam gathering around us. A honeymoon from our families. A trip with tons of sex and not as much swimming. The perfect balance, in my opinion.
Though we cannot confirm with any certainty, Brooke and I both refer to that session on the beach as Fiona’s moment of conception. Realistically though, the moment of conception probably occurred on a slightly less memorable session in our hotel room.
I wait for everything to cut to black. But it doesn’t. And for a reason I can’t begin to explain, I have a strong feeling, an inexplicable confirmation, that this second dream was given to me as a message, one meant to say: keep digging because there are better things on the other side of my struggle; keep digging and I will find the clearing again…
My eyes open easily, our bedroom painted in the faintest blue tint of early morning light. My body is dry now but feels like it was soaked sometime in the night. My phone is on my nightstand. It’s 6:33 a.m., the temp outside a cool 36 degrees, with a projected high of only 52, according to the weather app. Fall is definitely in the air.
Everything’s still fresh in my mind. I open the memo app. I need to write it down before it fades away, as all dreams tend to do.

“Did you sleep okay?” I didn’t even notice Brooke was up. Panic attacks can make you very self-involved. And when a panic attack is not happening, the anxiety is a rising gauge, leaving you in a state of dread as you anticipate the next episode. And with each episode, you wonder if this is the one that will push your body too far. There is a ticking clock in me; it has never been louder. If I don’t find the answers why and reach the clearing on the other side, it’s only a matter of time until my body shuts off for good. There are many things I need to do today. Hopefully the kiddos sleep a little longer than usual. As a stay at home dad, my morning usually starts at 7 a.m., and that’s the very latest.
“Yeah. Slept fine.” A lie I hope she buys, the memo pad on my phone still empty and the details of my dream already fading. “You?”
She shrugs as she looks ahead. “I know you’re mad at me.”
“Just processing. I’ll be okay.” I need this patch to work. I can’t get in a fight with her right now. The prolonged attack throughout the night can’t be for nothing. I think I was given another piece to why.
“Processing what, Eric?” She wants to start something. But she doesn’t understand how much I need to be left alone right now. Time to drop a grenade into the conversation. Take cover, Brooke, it’s about to get messy. There’s a chance this could end us right now. But I have no choice.
“Your betrayal.” I get up and walk away, leaving her and our bedroom behind, opening the door and closing it behind me. She’ll have to be getting ready soon. Work is quite a drive and she has a lot to catch up on. I expect slams of drawers and a lot of loud morning preparation in the bathroom. It is what it is. If I can get onto the other side of this, I can explain my reasoning then. If not, it won’t really matter what was said now. I won’t be around to answer for it.
Our house is a nice sized ranch. All bedrooms are located on one side of the house; the kiddos are in the room across from us. And next to them is the office/storage space. I think every house has that one room that never gets to be used for its purpose. I slide to a sit outside of the kids’ room, beginning to enter my list.
Questions why:
The smell of old urine on The Assassin. Immediately familiar but I don’t know why.
The gas station was familiar too.
The heavy woman. Large and intimidating. Strict. Maybe abusive? Maybe my birth mom…
Who was the boy? Was it me? How old was he/I?
Who was the man named The Assassin? My birth dad?
What do they have to do with the stairs? The shadows? The aversion? 
Call mom ASAP. She might be able to connect some of these dots…
Having this list now on my phone and saved is a heavy load off the mind. Should I go mend fences with Brooke? It only took me a few minutes to get down my notes and by the sound of it, the kiddos are still sleeping. I guess I have to decide, if in a hypothetical situation, I was able to say that J name, and if I was able to hear it without locking up, would I want to be around someone that now says it? Someone that now believes it? My aversion is a wonderful excuse to cut ties. No one could fault me for it. But, when I think about losing Brooke, sadness washes over me and I can think only about the beach. Both a memory of a wonderful time and a goal for us to reach again.
I look at our door, trying to figure out a successful way to back pedal. What can I say to make the grenade okay? Maybe the truth. But what if I tell her the details and she uses them against me? I would appear unfit in every way to be with the kids. And even now, if I tell her the details, will she rethink our arrangement of me staying home with them?
I haven’t figured out what to say. There may just be pieces of our marriage splattered around our bedroom, never able to be put back together again. I can only open the door and hope that I haven’t gone too far.
I turn the handle, the door opens without making a sound. Brooke is mostly dressed, a black and white striped pencil skirt in place, her white button up blouse still not fully buttoned, a pair of black heels in her hands. She walks past me without any acknowledgment of my presence.
“I’m sorry.” I say it quietly but she hears it because it stops her stride immediately. She turns back toward me, her head still down, her straightened hair a dark curtain shielding most of her face from me. “I’ve been very raw since yesterday. I took it out on you.”
Now her eyes are tilting up toward me. She’s giving me a chance to state my case. I wait for her to respond but she doesn’t say a word. But it seems the factory is running.
“I don’t understand why you didn’t talk to me before going to church. I thought we were in agreement about how we would live our lives, B. And now you’ve brought this box into our marriage. You can only do certain things now. You can only laugh at certain jokes. I can’t be filthy with you anymore. I could try but I know it would make you uncomfortable. I wish—”
“Don’t you think I wanted to tell you? Everything you just said went through my head like it was on a reel. I knew it was how you would respond. It’s a breach of contract, in a lot of ways. I know that and I know that it may end us. But,” she pauses, “but I need more. Not from you necessarily… I am terrified of dying, Eric. Lately I’ve been having these vivid dreams where I die but it isn’t the end. I’m pulled from my body down into the dark. A dark that is hot. And empty. And these sounds that I hear, something like children’s laughter but I know they aren’t children. I can feel their eyes on me, almost like how it would feel to be surrounded by a pack of wolves or something. They want to eat me.” Her eyes look as if she’s seeing it now. “Last night, that fear was gone. I felt safe.”
“A dream?” You blew up our life because of a dream?! “You’ve had nightmares before. Why the change now, B?”
“It didn’t end with the dreams. I’ve felt those same hungry eyes watching me. Sometimes in our room. Sometimes in my office at work. A dream fades away. Up until yesterday, I’ve been haunted.”
I can tell that telling me scares her. She expects me to respond with something like, “Monsters, B? What are we children?” And yet, I can’t explain the shadows climbing up the walls of the stairs, reaching for me. They definitely aren’t human. If she believes in monsters, maybe I can tell her about the shadows. What’s strangest about this conversation is discovering how much we both still have in common. We are both haunted. And in it there is a bizarre sense of comfort knowing that we still share a common ground.
“I think something happened to me as a kid, B. Something before I was adopted. And I don’t know how to explain the timing of it all.”
“What do you mean, Eric?” Her eyes are scanning me again.
“That J name has always caused me to have panic attacks but it wasn’t until yesterday that I was given some kind of direction, some kind of reason. I saw these basement stairs and-and these shadows reaching for me on the walls. Something happened down there.”
The ‘us’ from last year wouldn’t believe that future us would seriously be having this conversation. We’ve always told Fi that monsters are make believe. I’ve gotten mad at her quite a few times, actually, because it always ends with her sleeping between me and Brooke, her sweet little foot in my face. “Fear of spiders, I understand. Fear of bugs in general, sure. They’re creepy and crawly. But monsters? It’s a waste of time, Fiona Marie. And I don’t want to hear another word about it.” What a hypocrite I’ve become.
Brooke looks at me with an attempted warm smile. “We’ll talk more about this when I get home.” Another statement that sounds like a question.
I nod my head as I approach her. She is shorter than me by only an inch or so, now that her heels are on.
“I’ll be sure to be home a little early today. The church is a bit of a drive from here.”
Ah, yes, the trauma therapy from the inexperienced freebies. I can’t wait to let them poke around at me.
“Okay.” There is still distance between us. Not as much as before but the warmth still isn’t there. I give her a peck of a kiss and then a second one. “Drive safe.”
“Thanks.”
We part for the second time this morning. I leave the bedroom and listen in on the kids’ room. Still not a stir. A wonderful gift. I’ll start getting their breakfast ready. It’s rare that I’m ahead of them.
The carpet is a soft plush beneath my feet, continuing even as the hallway ends. The kitchen is a white tiled room to the right—we almost went with a checkerboard design… Sticky juice spots are a random mine field for me to navigate. It doesn’t seem to matter how many times I clean the floors.
After a series of memorized steps are done, Mitchy’s oatmeal is cooling off; and Fi’s big-girl cup is a mixture of white and chocolate milk. Mostly white if I’m going to be honest. But she doesn’t need to know that. 
The routine of a stay at home dad can be loose when the kids allow it to be. Today, some favorite episodes of Spongebob Squarepants are going to help me babysit. It’s time to start putting this puzzle together.
Chapter 2
Fiona is up, her hair all tangled in the back, her eyes still sleepy. Mitchy’s oatmeal should be the perfect temp now.
“Is your brother still sleeping, Fi?” I ask, handing her the cup of milk and a dry bowl of Cheerios. Since hitting four there is no debate: she likes pouring the milk in her cereal. I’ve learned to choose my battles.
“Yep.” She answers like a small adult, pouring her milk as if she’s been doing it for years.
“Okay. Bring your breakfast into the living room. You can watch some Spongebob.”
“No. Daniel Tiger.”
Okay. I misspoke, Daniel Tiger is going to help me babysit.
“I’ll be in in a little bit. I have to make a phone call.”
“Who ya calling, daddy?”
“Please just go in the living room, Fiona. I’ll be in soon.”
She nods her head as she makes her way toward the living room, her small purple bowl in one hand, her turquoise cup in the other. She walks as if on a tight rope.
I pull out my phone as I walk back down the hallway, pressing the call button on the MOM contact. It’s a few minutes after 7 a.m. here in Wisconsin. She currently lives with dad on their beach house in South Carolina, so where they’re at it’s a few minutes after 8 a.m. They seem to fly south earlier every year. It’s only the middle of September; and they’ve been gone from their house in town for at least two weeks.
It rings once, twice—
“Hi, Eric.” She sounds way too awake for this time of morning, probably drinking her morning cup of coffee while looking out at the ocean. I can picture it now. “You don’t usually call this early. Is something wrong?”
Mom has never known about my aversion either. Fortunately, she and dad let me grow up without the intrusion of religion. The only time I heard that name in any form was when dad used it as a way to punctuate his frustration. Mom too but not nearly as often. She’s always held onto the belief that cursing isn’t necessarily a bad thing but most definitely a low thing to do. She always said it made a person seem less intelligent. Dad always cursed a nice string of words as a response, using his best ‘dumb’ voice, just to make mom crack a smile. And she usually did.
“Eric? Are you still there?”
“Yeah, mom. Everything’s fine.” How should I breach the topic? Mom’s a bloodhound when it comes to knowing if I’m hiding something. One wrong word, even one wrong inflection, and she’ll know that something is definitely wrong. She’s someone that can’t know about the stairs and the shadows. She can’t know about the aversion.
“I just have some questions.”
“Re-gar-ding?” She stretches the word out. If I wasn’t used to how she talked, it would sound very abrasive. Oh, who am I kidding? It sounds very abrasive, almost annoyed. It sounds like talking to me is a chore.
“Before I was adopted.” It’s still an awkward topic and that’s saying something considering mom and I have talked about everything. I told her about the first girl I slept with. After asking if I used protection, she asked if it was any good. I was seventeen. We’ve always had a close bond. Always. But whenever I ask about the past, she gets quiet.
A deep sigh. “What do you want to know?”
“I just want a fuller picture, mom. Do you know who my birth parents are?”
“No. But it’s probably for the best. I’d probably have killed them if I did.”
“Why?” I’ve never heard this before.
“You were only four, Eric, when they abandoned you in a grocery store parking lot. It was in the middle of the night.” As she says it, I can remember something about it. A cold air and a lone streetlight, the glow from it a pale orange.
“Do you know what town that was in?” I’m standing outside of Mitchy’s room now, looking at our pictures on the wall. I’m a goofy looking SOB in every one of them. Dark brown hair, the beard, a big head on a thin body…
“… Yeah, that was Brightonville. Outside of, um, Value Foods, I think.”
Brightonville is only twenty miles from here, a full town instead of a small city. There’s one other small town between here and there, Denton, home of the Wildcats. An excellent sports program considering the size of the town. Even when I was going to school, they were a force to be reckoned with. We were a bigger program but bigger isn’t always better. Eden is home of the Eagles, the screech of our mascot the scariest thing about us.
How mom never told me about any of this bothers me. I’ve asked many times about my birth parents and she’s always changed the subject or she’s made a light atmosphere heavy and uncomfortable until I give up. The most I’ve ever known was that they found me right as they decided to stop trying to conceive. It was a rare situation where the right people found the child before he got passed around the system.
“Why did you never tell me, mom?” My voice is steady but she can hear the inflection at the end. I sound like a little boy, pathetic as that sounds.
“I didn’t want to hurt you, Eric. No little boy deserves to be thrown away like that. Your father and I wanted to give you a new start. We wanted to salvage what we could and build a better life for you.” It sounds like she’s about to cry. It’s understandable why she never said a thing. She was being a mom, trying to protect me from a terrible past. If I didn’t have to rip down this curtain, I would forever keep it closed. Nothing good is at the bottom of those stairs, in the house of that heavy woman and the pieced back together ‘Assassin.’
“I understand. And thank you for trying to protect me. But I need to know about that past. It’s starting to creep back up and leak out.”
“I’m sorry, Eric. I don’t have a lot of information to give you. They couldn’t identify you. Obviously, those shi—fecal stains didn’t abandon you with your credentials. The only way the agency knew your age is you told them. But, you couldn’t give them an exact birthdate.”
“So my birthday is—”
“Approximate, yes. I don’t want to have to tell you these things.”
It feels a little bit like how I imagine a ghost would feel when first discovering it’s no longer a living person. I’m none of the things I’ve believed myself to be. The life of Eric Davis has been a well-constructed story, the true me lost in the past with those two people. And even though mom and dad never hid the fact that I was adopted, they hid everything else. “Please continue, mom.”
“We were told that in order to adopt you we had to get permission from the parents. They had to sign over the rights to you essentially. So we had to prove intent to abandon. What more proof they needed than what they had, I’ll never understand.” Her voice sounds like a guitar string being tightened. Every word more strained and bothered than the last. And soon it seems it will snap completely. “So we wouldn’t lose you to the system, we moved quickly to become legal foster parents. You lived with us until the state could determine that they had no intent to return. They claimed to have searched and searched but I think children in the system are treated like a priority only while the paperwork is being filled out. If they had really looked, they would have found them. But resources were clearly low and they just had to check the necessary boxes. It was clear your birth parents weren’t coming back from day one but in order for it to be considered abandonment, a certain amount of time had to pass. It took over a year, Eric!”
“Wow,” I wish you would’ve told me this before now. I would maybe be a different person if you had. I maybe would have gotten the necessary treatment to unearth my past, back when it was still fresh and hadn’t caused a severe block in me, back when it didn’t threaten to kill me.
”Did we do more harm than good by not telling you?” I know what she wants me to say, what she hopes is true.
“No.” But I really don’t know if that’s true. ”You and dad did your best… I’ve gotta get going, mom, Mitch is waking up. Tell dad I love him.”
“Okay. I love you, Eric.”
“Me too,” I hang up, Mitchy the perfect excuse to cut the call short. It was a lie of course, Mitchy having not made a sound all morning.
I open the door to his room, the door giving off a slight creaking sound. A small creak is all it takes. He pops up immediately, his short hair sticking up on one side, his little hands pulling at the bars of his crib prison.
“Hey, Mitchy. Did you sleep okay, big guy?” I ask, stepping toward him. His bright smile makes me smile the same, his goos and gahs distinctly his. Now having another piece to my past, it makes my desire to find the answers even greater. They abandoned me? Was it what happened after I tried to steal? Was that the punishment? There has to be more to it. I’ve seen something of a beginning and mom told me the end. What’s in the middle? What’s that thing that is poisoning me because I don’t remember? And at the same time, what’s the thing my body doesn’t want me to remember?
Answers, even the few I’ve been given, have already alleviated some of the pressure of panic. Answers seem to be the bleed valve. If I ever want to be okay, I have to see the full picture for what it is. There’s no safety net left, no mom and dad to shield me from this. As soon as Brooke brought J into her life, the process started. She mentioned that Name and nothing has been the same since.
I’m sure she would say that nothing about this is coincidental. She would say that God is in the details and this only proves it. And I have to admit, at times, the amount of coincidences are strange. The same day she converts to that religion, I start to remember why I have an aversion to its’ god. Obviously, nothing more than a cosmic lottery and I’m the winner. And the reward? Answers to a trauma I don’t really want to remember. It’s too good to be true. Pinch me, Brooke, I must be dreaming…
This is probably where she and I will differ the most now. Before her conversion, everything was explained by any number of things. Now, it all points back to The Big J. “There is no coincidence, Eric. Just divine placement.” I can already hear it and it makes me laugh. It makes her laughable. And I can’t help but ask myself when she became such an idiot.
I’ve never thought these things about my wife. Sure, in the middle of a fight I’ve said far more hurtful things and thought things even worse than what was said. But, a fight brings out the worst in everyone. I’m not mad at her right now. I’m just not sure I respect her anymore. It’s now going to be like living with a conspiracy theorist: Eric, what if everything you see is temporary? What if it’s just a test given by this big Cosmic Teacher? And if you fail that test, you burn for eternity? I hope I’m wrong about what she’ll become but I don’t think I am.
“Daddy?” Fiona’s voice pairs with her footsteps, them somehow clumping along even though she’s on the carpet. “Whatcha doing? You’ve been out here for a loooong time.”
“Nothing, Fi. Just getting your brother up.” Mitchy’s now in my arms, his left arm perched on my shoulder. He’s giving his sister a look of high position, the way a king would look down on a lowly servant.
I can’t look at Fiona without thinking about the night I was abandoned. The idea that a human could look at a child and throw them away—whatever monsters may be down in the basement are made from the same things as them. It makes me both appreciate my children more and worry that I’m incapable of caring for them. If abandonment is part of my past, am I more prone to abandon them? I would die for either of my children. If that meant leaving them behind because they’d be better off without me—it hasn’t come to that yet. I can’t think that way. But, I am prepared to do what’s necessary. Whatever is best for them is what matters. If my past leaves me incapable of being the father they deserve—
“Daddy?!” Was Fi asking me something before this. She’s yelling as if I wasn’t listening.
“Yes, Fi.” I reply calmly to counteract her aggression.
“I just want to tell you one thing. I love you. I love you sooo much!” She doesn’t understand how much I need this right now. You make me want to fight, Fi. You give me the courage to keep digging, to pull at the curtain. For you, my beautiful daughter, for you I will face the terrible things waiting for me at the bottom of those stairs.
“I love you too, Fi. More than anything.” I smile at her, her energy unmatched. She’s now running in place. Talk about someone in need of a release valve. I step toward her, putting my hand on the back of her head, leading her out of the room and back toward the kitchen. “Let me feed your brother and then we’ll find something fun to do.”
“The park?” of course that’s her go-to. She’d live there if I gave her permission to do so.
“Maybe.” My ‘maybes’ are usually just that, but today it’s a nicer word for no. There’s no time for the park today. I feel both reenergized to find answers and deflated that mom’s answers led nowhere. She filled in a bunch of the cracks and helped me feel like I’m an illegitimate person. But she connected none of the dots; in fact she added a few more of her own.
I run back through the notes I have on my memo app. As soon as I see the word ‘gas station’, a light turns on. Although most of the details of the gas station were smudged in my dream, the interior is not what’s important. I saw The Assassin in the aisle. A man blown apart and pieced back together is someone you remember seeing, hopefully even twenty eight years later. It’s a long shot but this is the only road I have left to take. If it leads to a dead end, I will forever be haunted by a curtain I peeked behind but could never pull down.
Even though mom didn’t connect any of the dots, she gave me a piece that could lead right to them: Brightonville.

I’ve always said that I would fit better in a big city. And yet, we’ve never moved. I grew up in Eden, met Brooke in Eden, and now have a comfortable sized home in Eden, only a couple miles from mom and dad’s—when they’re not south for the winter, that is. But now I couldn’t be more thankful that I never moved. I doubt these fecal stains live in Brightonville. With how small the town is, somebody was sure to recognize me as their boy. Even if the state did a lazy job investigating, they would have found something. But, a town or two over? How motivated were they to find my birth parents?
“Can you watch another Daniel Tiger, Fi? Daddy’s got one more thing to do.”
“Ughhh! Dad, I’m so bored!” She looks so much like Brooke right now.
“Well I’m sure Daniel Tiger taught you a song to sing when you’re bored. Please sing it on your way to the living room.”
Her stomps aren’t really defiant; they seem to be a spillover of excess energy, heavy bursts pushing out of her. I’ll make it up to you, Fi. If daddy can get to the bottom of this maybe I won’t lock up at that J name, and maybe mommy and daddy can stay together. You may be bored right now. But, it’s better than being devastated. I don’t want to blow up your little life if I can prevent it. I want to keep the foundation sturdy for you and Mitchy, for you to grow up and not have to ask questions about a past you’re afraid to remember, a severe trauma that has stunted your growth. Help me, Daniel Tiger. Give her the right song to sing.
I’ve typed in gas stations near denton wi on my phone, my finger running down the list as Mitch reluctantly works on the oatmeal in his highchair. I’m starting in the middle and working my way outward. Many of the gas stations on the list look too new. Or they’re owned by a big chain. It wouldn’t be a Kwik Trip or a Mobil. It would be something with an old town name, one of those places that’s a quick stop for passing traffic to fill up their tanks and a go-to for the residents. I need something that’s been in operation at least since the mid 80’s. As of today, the only thing I know is that I was born sometime in 1987. I thought that exact date was March 15th. But now that date means very little to me. I’m like a pet that was rescued and designated a new birthday by my owner.
Scrolling through the list, it brings me past the highest rated gas stations. Many of the known chains given the highest rating and the best reviews:
Great selection of hot food and drinks!
Clean and inviting atmosphere!
Fast service! Friendly staff!
I scroll to the very bottom, the results ending before filling up the first page. The second to the bottom, with a rating of 2.2 stars is Gas & Snacks, located in a town called Sheen, WI:
”Hot” food gave me food poisoning.
Not clean! Smells like a dirty bathroom!
The cheapest cigarettes for miles! I’d give it 10 stars if I could!
The difference between the locals and those stopping off to fill up no doubt. Something about that name sounds familiar. When I close my eyes I can see a flash of the sign. A faded red awning with dirty white letters, the ‘&’ symbol a brighter white than the rest.
It gives a phone number and says it closes at 10 p.m.
I check on Mitchy before hitting call. Some of the oatmeal’s in his mouth; most of it is on the tray and a nice paste in his hair. Nothing a few baby wipes can’t take care of. I don’t walk to check on Fi, but I can hear Daniel Tiger slightly. And it sounds like she’s following along with the current song. I trust her as much as I can trust a four year old. If she’s drawing on the walls with marker, I can always paint. This is bigger than anything else. Every step forward brings me one step closer to the clearing, to the beach with Brooke, to the calm I hope lays on the other side of this aversion. All signs point to this road leading somewhere but I can’t know for sure until I call.
I push the CALL button and it starts to ring. It rings once, twice, three time—
“Gas and Snacks. What can I do for ya?” The man’s voice is a throaty rasp. A smoker, most likely.
“Hi, this is going to sound weird. There was a man in a wheelchair who went by the name The Assassin. He, um, had two prosthetic legs and one arm that looked pieced back together. It would have been 1991.”
“Who’s calling?”
“Do you know who I’m talking about?”
“Yeah. Bill.”
I can hardly believe what I’m hearing. “D-do you know the last name?”
“Again, who’s calling?”
“He, um, had a little boy with him.”
“Yeah.” His breathing sounds like crackling. “Last time or I’m hanging up. Who’s calling?”
“Uh, the little boy.” How else am I supposed to say it?
A few deep crackled breaths are all I can hear.
“Hello?” I ask again, not sure if we’ve lost connection. “Are you still there?”
“Don’t call again.”
“No. It’s me. I tried to steal from you. My mom stopped me. She was wearing that long denim dress.”
“Is this some kind of joke?”
“What do you mean?” It feels like I’m in the middle of the joke.
“Their son died. Last thing she told me. Last time I saw them around here.”
“Did they have a funeral?”
“I’m sure they did.”
This just keeps getting weirder and weirder. She lied about me dying so they could get away with abandoning me. And then they moved away to cover their tracks. What did I do? What was the reason?
“He didn’t die. They abandoned me in Brightonville when I was four years old. Left me in the middle of the night in a grocery store parking lot. Do you know where they lived—where I lived?”
“I’m not giving out that information.”
“Listen! If I need to, I will get the authorities involved. Give me a last name. Give me an address and you’ll never hear from me again.”
That same crackle of breath on the other end. “Last name’s Reiser. I’ll see if I can dig up the address. Call back here in an hour or so.”
“Okay.” But I have no plans to just call him back. His attitude so far has told me everything I need to know: he’ll “look” the way the state looked for the Reisers, by moving a few papers and then telling me he must have thrown it away. Sheen can’t be too far away from Denton. The search radius was set within 25 miles. I’m going to pay old crackle a visit. I can dress this up as a fun trip for the kids, a stop at Mickey D’s along the way, a happy meal and a cheap toy always able to satisfy.
I disconnect the call and look toward Mitchy. The bowl’s on the floor, oatmeal now crusted on most of what I can see of him: his dinosaur onesie, his light brown hair now a stiff spike in the front; and I have to say, his thin eyebrows are far more prominent when glued up. I have baby wipes in very strategic parts of the house. Brooke says they’re random but she just doesn’t understand my system. I grab a few and go to town on the crust on his face. His smile quickly becomes a grimace as he pulls away from my attempts. But a few wipes and he’s clean enough for what we need to do.
“Fi!” I yell, walking from the kitchen. “Do you want to go on an adventure?”

Of course she wanted to go on an adventure. I’d never heard the TV shut off faster. I did the necessary things to get them ready, making sure both were dressed for the cooler weather. Fi is dressed in black and pink, a shade of the punk rocker Brooke used to be. Mitchy is in something that’s mostly gray with some hints of blue. I packed the diaper bag with diapers, wipes, snacks, and a toy or two. Both kiddos are in the backseat now, the air outside a crisp kind of cold, the sky indecisive about what it wants to wear. There’s color in some and a distinct color freeness to the rest.
Gas & Snacks is in my GPS. 52 minutes away, unexpectedly north of the three town cluster I was searching. Whereas Brightonville is directly past Denton, Sheen requires me to enter the town of Denton and follow the main road north. When looking at the map on my phone, Sheen is on the way to some of the bigger cities in Wisconsin but is still probably thirty miles or more from any place notable. The Reisers knew what they were doing when they abandoned me. It was far enough outside of the circle, just obscure enough to not even be considered. I’m sure the state checked the three main towns directly from Brightonville. I highly doubt they searched any place beyond it.
“Where we going, daddy?” Fi looks up at me.
“Mickey D’s!”
Her mouth is an open smile, an ecstatic little face on display. “Can I get a toy?”
“Why else would we be going, Fi? Of course you can.”
“Thank you, daddy!”
“You’re welcome,” I smile at her. “After Mickey D’s, we’re going to take a little car ride. Is that okay with you?”
She nods her head, looking over at her brother. He’s working on his sippy cup of milk. This is such a simple moment together and it’s one I will cherish. I don’t know what’s going to happen the farther into this I go. I hope I don’t lose this. I hope I don’t lose myself. Even though I don’t really know who I am anymore, one thing I know for certain is that I am a father to these two wonderful little people. And I know that they are giving me the strength to dig deeper instead of putting a bullet in my head.
We usually use our black ‘08 Ford Focus only as an errand car. It has well over 100,000 miles and today it’s going to accrue over a hundred more. I’m not sure Brooke would approve. It’s been known to falter when the weather gets cold. I have extra blankets in the trunk if we run into any trouble, and our car insurance offers roadside assistance. What nobody understands is that the minutes feel like hours. The idea of waiting for another day doesn’t feel possible. It’s much like being in the middle of the ocean during a storm. Only swimming keeps you alive; if you choose to tread the water, the swell will swallow you, the waves will gather and then attack. And you will not find your way back to the surface…
Staying active is keeping the panic at bay. When I think of sitting and waiting I hear the loud thumping of my heart. I feel the whole of me begin to shrivel up. I am in a race right now and only staying ahead of it will keep me from another debilitating attack. Waiting for another attack is far more irresponsible than taking an old car on a bit of a road trip.
I put this old car into reverse and back out of our driveway. It sounds like it did when we bought it brand new eleven years ago. The little Ford that could. I think you can. I think you can. I think you can…

I’ve made some false promises in my day but I think this one is going to stick with Fi the longest. Dunce that I am forgot it’s still early in the morning and the happy meal she so desires isn’t offered for another couple of hours. Despite my best attempts to explain the concept of time to my four year old, she responded with her go-to pouty lip and folded arms. And even when I told her we would definitely be able to stop on the way back, it did little to appease.
Both have since fallen asleep, the sounds of Queen’s Greatest Hits on CD doing its job once again. The music is low, Bohemian Rhapsody just hitting its first chorus.
I’m on the tail end of Denton, the road toward Sheen one I never would have seen if the GPS didn’t have me looking for it. It’s a thin road that runs along the edge of the high school, paved for a few miles and then gravel. The loose rocks beneath the tires have started to make this car show its age. The vibration shakes the dash loose and its rattle drowns out the music, the padding under me is noticeably thinning, making my back hurt as if I were fifteen years older than I am. Gravel roads are the test and I’m sad to say Ol’ Frida is not the young girl she once was. After today, you’re back on light duty, Frida. Errands in Eden only.
Gas & Snacks is 28 minutes away according to the GPS on my phone. It looks like it’s a straight shot from here. I can’t imagine the gravel continues all the way. The map on my phone shows a merge approaching in the next few miles. Here’s to hoping it’s a paved road.
I turn the music up just enough to hear it over the rattling. It helps pass the time. Granted this same CD has been in Frida for probably five years; it’s primarily my car and the kids have come to accept it as an appropriate lullaby. I don’t mind. I would consider myself a creature of habit for the most part, so—
Ah, paved road. And once again, Frida glides like a boat on calm water. And once again, the music is the only sound in the car. Another song Bites the Dust and now Killer Queen is off and running.
Before I know it, several songs have passed. I must have been in a driver’s trance, just focusing on the road and keeping my speed steady, because the GPS says Gas & Snacks is only 5 minutes away now, Somebody to Love somewhere in the middle of its run. It’s now on song 10 when it was on song 3 of a 16 song compilation. The controls of the subconscious are a hell of thing.
“Daddy,” Fi’s voice is groggy.
“Yeah, Fi?”
There’s no reply. I glance back at her. Her nose scrunched up and her arms folded tight again. Did she forget she was mad at me and then remember? I’ll say this, she’s always entertaining, whether mad at me or head over heels in love.
“I’m sorry again about Mickey D’s. I need you to be a big girl and understand that sometimes things don’t go the way we want.” I hate that I have to take my failed promise and turn it into a lesson. How annoyingly parental. “And if you don’t stop giving me attitude, we won’t stop at all.”
Her look says if she had the power, she would make me burst into flames right now.
“Drop the attitude now, Fiona Marie. Last warning.”
The face I see in the rearview is now a flat expression. Better than “Firestarter” at least.
Wisconsin is flat. Other than a few places where it’s set at a lower sea level, allowing for valleys to run along the Mississippi River, it’s pretty much all farmland. We are nowhere near the Mississippi River up in Sheen. It’s flat and plain and terrifyingly ordinary. I’m entering back into my past and it looks no different than any other small country town you’d pass through on the way to bigger and better places. And this is the tragedy of trauma, I think. A town doesn’t have to be a special hell for a child to be abused. It happens everywhere, in the big cities and the little towns. It happens with the parents who look like they would fit the bill of abusive, like the fecal stain Reisers; and it happens with other parents who have perfected the art of the smile to hide what’s really going on behind closed doors.
I suppose I was hoping for some catharsis. Only a few minutes out now, I was hoping for a memory to find me or a wave of fearsome nostalgia to rush in like flood water. Instead, everything is ordinary. The sky has come to vibrant life now that the sun is fully in view; the trimmed down crops still have frosted tips from a near freezing night; even the roar of the road sounds frustratingly familiar. Nothing about this is special, damn it! Nothing!
The speed limit is 30 MPH, the flat farmland now a town that seems to be nothing more than a few small businesses and rundown homes lining both sides of the street. If there was a welcome sign, I missed it. Probably better anyway. A sick thing to be welcomed to. I can’t imagine more than a hundred folk live in these here parts. The type that smoke their cigarettes all day, wear their long denim skirts, smell like musty clothes and urine—the kind that abandon children in towns just far enough away to avoid suspicion.
I can already picture old crackle. I’m sure he looks much like the town he lives in. His beard a long gray mess draping over an exposed chest with a still fading farmer’s tan, unruly gray eyebrows nearly becoming one, teeth missing or at least chipped, now the color and consistency of Indian corn. His breath a mixture of smoke and rot. I imagine many of the people of this nothing of a town fit this description.
1 minute left according to the GPS. My preconceptions of this place are about to be given the details. Frida seems to crawl the last minute, 30 MPH feeling like 5. Past a few full oaks, I see the red awning on my left. The sign looks much older now, not even the ‘&’ symbol a brighter white. The parking lot has four gas pumps but no cars are there. Only an old red truck pulled up alongside the building. I pull in, seeing a very old, very thin, cleanly shaven man smoking a cigarette outside the doors. If he notices me, he doesn’t make it known. His skin is like leather, clearly darkened by the sun yearly for the 150 or so years he’s been around. He’s wearing one of those small town outfits. Blue jeans faded by labor and a striped button down t-shirt with the name sewn into the pocket. I can’t make it out from here. First The Assassin, now this decrepit thing. Name patches must be a Sheen thing to do.
I pull Frida into one of the many empty spots and put her into park, the man taking another drag off his cigarette. He now looks toward me as he flicks the butt out into the lot.
“I’m just right outside, Fi.” I say, opening the door.
He turns toward me, his name tag now clear: PHIL. The letters are stitched on with dark blue thread.
“What can I do for ya?” he asks, a familiar crackle present. Not exactly what I expected him to look like but still close enough.
“We talked on the phone about an hour ago. The Reisers.”
His face seems to process what I tell him with a certain annoyance. “I thought we had an understanding.”
“I was coming this way regardless.”
His face says what he doesn’t, the annoyance now looking more like anger.
“Were you able to find the address?” His demeanor doesn’t bother me in the least. I don’t speak “Sheen” and I don’t want to learn how.
He nods his head, putting a hand in his pocket and pulling out a folded piece of paper. “Now get lost.”
“Not a problem,” I grab the paper from him and get back in Frida.
Chapter 3
13798 Charlie Road N
Only in Sheen, WI would that be an actual address. I type it into the GPS. 10 minutes from Gas & Snacks. I think I could probably walk across this town in ten minutes. It must not be in the town limits. It must be where you’d expect such a property to reside: out in the country, one of those lone houses you drive by, your imagination running wild as to what happens there.
I haven’t pulled out of the lot yet, but the world’s oldest living man already went back inside. I hope to never see anyone like him again. He was as pleasant as spit in the face.
“Are you okay, Fi?” I ask, looking back at her. “Do you want me to grab you a snack before I start driving again?”
“No. That’s okay.”
“How about potty? Do you have to go?”
“No.” That’s a relief. I doubt Phil would let her come in even if she had to.
“Then… we are off!” First turning off the music, I put Frida into reverse and follow the new directions the GPS has for me. My mood right now is one of excitement. It’s probably a mask my subconscious has fastened over the fear. Any moment now, the other shoe is going to drop; the reality of where I’m at is going to fully peel away this thin cover and reveal the things it has hidden for nearly three decades.
Frida is at the Enter/Exit of Gas & Snacks. The blinker to turn left clicks methodically. It reminds me of the usual heavy thumping of my heart. And I feel my skin vacuum seal to my frame. I feel the numbing of my extremities spreading. And as I look where the road leading out of Sheen takes me, I can only feel terror. This gas station is at the end of the line, so it seems, one of the final pieces of trash before the town ends. The sun is bright beyond here, but it’s all for show.
I’ve never been a man who believed in real darkness. Not the kind Fi fears is hiding under her bed, at least. A day can do a lot to change your mind.
I close my eyes and take a few deep breaths. They are shaky but getting through. I can’t lock up right now. If I were to have an attack while driving with the kids—Brooke would pull the plug on our marriage before the end of the call. A few more deep breaths and I feel in control again. I’ve been waiting for an image to start the attack; it was the sound of the blinker this time. Next time it may be something else entirely. The further I go, the more unstable the ground is beneath me. Just when I think I’m okay, I’m not. This hasn’t been my life up until now. It was always that J name. If I avoided hearing it, I was fine. Now it could be anything. My psyche has become an ancient booby trap that I don’t know how to navigate.
I take the left and we are off. The last building that makes up Sheen is a small white thrift store/house, the sign out front saying UNBELIEVABLE DEALS INSIDE! A lacey white dress is on a mannequin torso in the yard, a large paper tag blowing in the breeze: $5
There’s a flash of a memory in my mind, something like a firework that gives a bright burst and then immediately begins to fade away.
I see this same store from the backseat, the item in the yard that day a clearly used red fabric reclining chair.
“You’ll learn to be a good boy.” her voice is soft for her immense size, her mass barely fitting in the driver’s seat, that same denim dress doing its best to conceal what nobody wants to see. “So help me, God, you’ll learn.”
 Frida crawls past the store as the speed limit commands. And then, there’s nothing but flat land again. The mass of a mother and The Assassin were driving the same road I am now and in a strange way it still feels like they are. New memories are hard to distinguish from present day life. They spill over and try and belong in a place that has long since passed them by. This is true and yet I can’t shake the feeling that four year old me and present day me are sharing the same space. I can’t shake the feeling that I’m about to experience what he did as if it’s for the first time. And as the feeling lays over me, my hand begins to tremble at the top of the steering wheel.

I can only imagine what I felt, alone in the backseat, most likely aware what her “lessons” meant. I’d compare it to Fi when she’s having an especially naughty day, where she challenges me on everything until I have to punish her with a long timeout or no TV. And she cries those snotty tears, overcome with a flood of emotions. She cries and cries and I seek her out. I wipe her tears and give her a big hug. I let her know how much she’s loved until she accepts it and the tears have stopped. I imagine mine was much like this, except no tears were wiped away, no hug was given, no love was offered. I imagine I was left alone in most of everything and then dropped off and abandoned, like an animal that caused more trouble than it’s worth.
Present day me and four year old me are both moving toward the same destination 28 years apart. It almost seems like he’s been waiting for me to reach the end of Sheen so I could follow him back. And maybe now he won’t have to be stuck down in the basement anymore. He always has been, hasn’t he? Even as life improved and the Reisers got covered up by the love of real parents, there was a hidden part that was still down among the shadows—or at the very least at the top of the stairs, looking down. I’m a thirty two year old man with the mind of a frightened four year old, a four year old crying out for someone to save him from the darkness.
I can’t promise I can save you. At the very least you’ll have company…
3 minutes until arrival. The flat land is now on a hill that Frida is doing her best to climb. The GPS says there’s a turn soon, a fork to the left of this main road. That destination star I don’t ever really want to reach is now on the screen. I take deep breaths again, glancing in the rearview mirror. Mitchy’s eyes are open but not alert; Fi is looking out the window. I’m not sure if she’s still mad at me or not. Now, I look at my own reflection. I look unnerved, maybe even sick. My eyes distant and sunken in. My face pale and clammy. Whatever I’m about to see is already a poison coursing through me.
Another firework in my mind, this one just her voice: “I won’t lose my reward because of your disobedience.” A much sharper tone from her. And it sends a series of cold chills into me.
I just have to keep my eyes on the road even as I flash between the backseat and the driver seat, the man and the child. We are overlapping now, the memories of then intersecting with now. And I’m left somewhere in the middle, not sure where I belong. The now needs me but the past holds me.
Focus. On. The. Road.
The sweat is seeping out of my skin. Fear is building. I now feel what he feels—feels not felt. I’m alone and the punishment is going to be severe. It’s been severe many times. 
Mommy hits me. It hurts for a long time. Remembering that now makes my body hurt like it just happened. She leaves me in my room. I cry until I fall asleep. I don’t need to learn, mommy. I’ll be good. Please don’t hurt me! I’ll be good!
I always try to be good but I make mistakes. Mommy gets really mad when I make mistakes. Daddy yells a lot. He’s always watching TV. He makes the TV go louder when mommy hits me. He yells ‘shut up’ when I cry. He yells ‘I can’t hear the TV, you little batsurd’. Mommy hits me more because I make daddy mad. Mommy says he’s in pain all the time. The war hurt him.
I was gone for a time, my thoughts his, my memories his. Now I’m back but I don’t know for how long. I am not in a safe place to be with our kids. Regardless of what the consequences end up being, I have to call Brooke and tell her about this trip. She has to know this is an emergency and she should come and grab them as soon as she possibly can. Frida is still on the road by some miracle of my subconscious. Somebody else was driving for a time because my only awareness was a four year old’s. The little ‘batsurd’ took over…
I’m only going fifteen MPH. The GPS says I’ve arrived. On the map the destination star is still far to my left. I look to my left. There is a large faded yellow house at the top of a slight hill, plenty of sparse grassland surrounding it. As soon as I see it, I remember it. And I can feel the four year old trying to steal control away again. Up ahead is the driveway. I stop the car and park before I reach it. I can’t go any farther with the kiddos and still be able to say I’ve done everything to keep them safe. I can feel I’m reaching some kind of breaking point. If I break, I want them safe and away from me.
I pull out my phone and begin to write a text message to Brooke:
I’m in over my head, B. Kids are fine but I need you here ASAP.
Address is 13798 Charlie Road N. Sheen, WI.
I push send, my eyes immediately drifting back toward the house.

Sometimes Fi looks so much like her mother. Out of my periphery I can see her scanning me. What can I say right now to keep the plates spinning? Maybe the four year olds should speak to one another.
“Are you feeling okay, daddy?” she notices something is off in me.
I want to tell her that daddy is scared of the monsters. I want to let the four year old speak but… my job as her father is to provide her protection. There’s still a way to meet her on common ground though.
“When daddy was little, he got a bad cut.” Her eyes respond to those words with almost adult understanding. “You know what happens when you don’t treat a cut properly.”
“It doesn’t get better.” She pauses. “Can I see your cut, daddy?”
“It’s invisible.”
Her smile seems to say ‘silly, daddy’.
“A cut on the inside, Fi. You know, like when you get your feelings hurt?”
“Yeah, like today.”
Touche, Fi. Touche.
“Exactly. Daddy got his feelings hurt when he was four years old too.”
“I’m four!” she holds up four fingers excitedly.
“Yes you are. Daddy got his feelings hurt but nobody made him feel better. Daddy’s cut is—”
“Is that why you were sick yesterday?”
“Yep.”
“When will you get better?”
“Hopefully soon.” There’s a chance I’ll never get better.
”Okay.” The answer is enough.
Are you okay? Can I call you?
I don’t answer her text. I find her number and hit CALL immediately.
It rings onc—
“Eric?”
“Hey, B.” I think my voice sounds shaky but I can’t tell. Everything sounds shaky right now.
“What’s going on, Eric? You’re scaring me.” She doesn’t sound angry. Maybe she won’t pull the plug on us so easily.
“I had to find answers, B. I couldn’t wait. You have to understand. I couldn’t wait.”
A pause. “It’s okay. I don’t understand really. We were just starting this talk. I thought we were going to talk more about it when I got home.”
“I know.” I pause, the house almost seeming to reach out for me as I look at it. “I’m haunted, B. I’ve learned a lot about my past today—I can give you details later. Right now it feels like everything’s starting to spill over. Can you come and take the kids? There’s something I have to do.”
“Eric. I need you to be very clear with me. None of this talking without any context that you like to do. Tell me where you are.”
“I-I’m in front of m-my childhood home. The one before I was adopted.”
I hear a few sounds on her end. Even through the phone it seems she is scanning me. “It’s only been a couple hours since I saw you. What have you been doing?”
“Digging.” For you. For the kids. For our future.
“… Okay.” Did she hang up? It now sounds empty on the other end. “Ya-you said the kids are safe, right?”
“Absolutely. Fi, say hi to mommy.”
“Hi, mommmy!” Fi likes stretching out her words when excited.
“Eric, can I talk to her?”
“Yeah.” I give Fi the phone. She grabs it like it’s hers, putting the long screen up to her small face.
“Where are you?” she asks.
“Work, sweets.” I can still hear Brooke. Fi holds the phone out and away from her ear for some reason. “You know the routine. What are you doing?”
“Sitting in the car. Daddy said he would take me to Mickey D’s but we didn’t go.”
“Oh, yeah? I’m sorry.” She sounds as interested as you could considering the topic. “Right now I need you to focus, Fiona. Is daddy okay?” Hearing her ask the question in this hidden way hurts.
“Daddy got a big cut when he was four, mommy. It didn’t heal.” The understanding my daughter has floors me. Even without giving permission, the four year olds were talking to one another. And my four year old daughter understood exactly what was being said: I’m hurt and I’m trying to get better.
For some reason she suddenly holds the phone properly and Brooke’s voice is muffled. Some more things are said that I can’t hear.
“Okay. I love you, mommy. See you in a little bit.” She gives the phone back to me. “Mommy wants to talk to you again, daddy. Just for a minute.”
I put the phone back up to my ear. “Hey.”
“Keep our babies safe, Eric. Don’t do anything until I get there. Can you do that for me, baby? Just focus on your breathing. I’m on my way now.”
I rub my pointer finger and thumb at the corners of my eyes. “I will.” I know you don’t think I can—I can’t guarantee anything right now. The house calls for me, B. Every time I look at it, it seems closer than before. I’m haunted and I fear that I will be consumed long before you reach us. You will find me in a mad state while our children scream and cry, desperately trying to reach me. But I’ll already be gone, trapped in the basemen—
”It’s going to be okay, Eric. I love you.” Her reassurance does little to reassure me. If I do get to the other side of this, it gives me hope for us. She’s not one to give up easily. And neither am I.
“I la-love you too.”
I disconnect the call, looking back toward the house. It almost seems to be outside of my window now. I turn the car off and climb in the backseat, sandwiched between Fi and Mitchy. I need you to be my anchors. Keep me here, kiddos. Keep me here…

TAP! TAP! TAP!
My eyes open, Brooke now knocking on Fi’s window. When did I close my eyes? Mitchy is sleeping again and Fi is out like a light. Strange. It’s exactly what I needed, something Brooke would probably refer to as an answered prayer. And maybe it was. Who am I to deny the possibility? Has coincidence ever been so intentional?
“Eric.” I can hear her through the window, her hands raised in an exaggerated shrug, as if to ask what I’m doing. Keeping them safe. Exactly what you asked. I raise my hand in groggy reply. A car seat on each side of me, I am the meat between two pieces of bread. She opens the door as I unwedge myself from between them and stretch my legs back toward the front seat.
“Can you catch me up?” She ducks her head into the backseat as I firmly plant myself in the driver’s seat again. I glance at the house. Still close and looming, still a nightmare I have to face but will never be prepared for.
“Should I just give you the notes?” I try to sound light hearted. I think it sounds sarcastic to her. Not a good way to start this off.
“What brought you here?”
“It turns out I’m a pretty good detective, B.” I think that one hit the tone I was going for. She cracks a smile and then it washes away again, worry and aggravation sharing equal space in her stare. “I called mom this morning. She finally told me what she knew about my birth parents.”
“And it led here?” She looks toward the house out Mitchy’s window, now unbuckling a still groggy Fi.
“Hi, mommy.” Fi’s not excited like before. I sense more relief. Daddy isn’t better. He can’t protect us. I’m so happy you’re here now, mommy. As soon as Fi is unbuckled, she latches onto B’s neck. Take me far away from him, mommy…
”Hi, baby,” Fi now suctioning to her, B wraps her arms around her legs. “Let’s talk outside, Eric. Fresh air will be good for everyone. I’m sure Mitchy would love to stretch his legs.” She’s now outside of the car, closing the door as she walks around to Mitchy’s side.
“We’re on the road.” I say, opening the driver side door. It’s clearly a weak argument considering I’m parked on the shoulder of a road designed almost as an extended driveway for the rest of the properties on Charlie Rd N.
“We can pull into the driveway.” Another statement question.
An immediate chill passes through me. I don’t even want them on this property. What has happened to me? I once was a man of logic. Now I’m afraid of monsters.
“The road’s fine. I’ll help you load them in the car and then I’m sure you’ll want to be going.”
I can feel her stare become something sad. “What makes you think I want to leave you alone? How can you think so little of me after all we’ve been through together?”
“It’s not your battle, B.” I unclick the necessary things on Mitchy’s rear facing car seat and pull him free. He immediately perches on my shoulder, his little eyes blinking wildly as they adjust to the bright sun.
“Our vows, Eric. In sickness and in health. This isn’t yours to carry alone. I’m in it with you.”
The rare couple stays together for a lifetime because a special person can continuously surprise you. Just when you think you know how deep their layers go, more are revealed. I expected her to focus on my reckless decision making to come out here in the first place. Instead she is focusing on my desperation. She saw the severity of it yesterday. She may have even seen the hopelessness covering me, the subtle signs that suicide is my endgame if I can’t get to the other side of this.
“How can you help with this?” I ask, looking in her direction but not directly at her. Maybe she has an answer I haven’t thought of.
“We can be outside of the house. Just so you aren’t alone.”
“Thank you, B. But, I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Why, Eric?”
What can I do to make her see what I see? We’re both outside now, the house beyond the ditch and the slight incline. I know the fear isn’t just in my head. The shadows that reached for me then are still reaching for me now. Whatever’s in that basement never left. And It can sense that I’ve come back. As crazy as it sounds, It knows. When you look at the property, it looks sick. Nothing is thriving. The trees are withered, the grass is brown patches, even the house looks like a living thing, tormented by what resides in it.
“It’s haunted.” Even though I believe the words I hear coming from my mouth, they still sound alien. They seem to reach her in the same way. It’d be just as strange if I started speaking a foreign language fluently.
“Then nobody should go in.” She’s serious, now looking at me with ‘mom eyes.’
“I have to know what happened to me here.” My retort doesn’t sound as adult as it should. It’s really the four year old petitioning, finally crawling far enough out of the dark to get a message out.
“I understand that. But with what strength?” I can feel she’s approaching some kind of platform…
“What do you mean?”
“Can I pray for you? If devils are real, God is too. And He’s more powerful.”
I close my eyes so she doesn’t see me rolling them. “I guess. Please just don’t say that J name. Be conscientious, B?”
“I won’t say His Name.” she says quietly. “Lord, I’m still very new to talking to You. I pray that you protect Eric in this place and that You help him find the answers he needs to heal. Please keep him safe.”
It wasn’t as flighty as I expected. And I suppose her logic is sound. Again, there are things I can’t really explain about all of this. Why the kids and I fell asleep together so I could avoid a debilitating attack is the most puzzling to me. Things like that don’t just happen. Not when you desperately need them to, at least. The timing is strange and almost feels deliberate, almost like fingers winding a watch—oh, I have become a laughable man. I once was so firmly set on my road. Now? I’m a kid buying into scary stories and happy little fairytales…
Mitchy’s eyes seem to have adjusted to the sun, him now pointing toward his mommy and sister with gusto. Chop chop, daddy! I want to be where they are!
I take a couple steps forward and we’re all together again. My family all around me… but the house calling me to my right. Tucked back in a dying land—and at the same time close enough to swallow me whole. I wrap my one free arm around my girls, Mitchy doing his best to copy me. This could be the last moment we all have together. God, don’t let it be. Let me come back…

I take my first step toward the house, stepping into the shallow ditch. It already feels like my family is far away from me, like if I were to look back I’d see them as nothing but bending mirages in the distance. This is my past to face. Every step separates them from me further and the four year old boy comes back to life. He pulls for control. He’s brought me here and now he has more to say.
My cats, Mills and Sparky, are missing. I asg daddy where they are. He just tells me to go. “Let me watch my program, you little batsurd. Leave me alone!” Okay, daddy. I do that quigging thing with my tongue. It usually makes them come. They don’t like to go outside. I checked anyway. I can’t find them anywhere.
Mommy is mad at me. She hasn’t togged to me for a long time. I tried to take that chocolate from Phil. She hit me a lot when we got home. I cried. She told me I can’t cry. She hit me more when I did. She hit me until I stopped. Then she sent me to my room. “No food for bad boys,” she said. “You can starf tonight.”
The only time I saw mommy today was this morning. She was doing something sneagy in the kitchen, lifting up the floor by the sink. She keeps things down there. That’s her piggy bank. Mine is Peter, Peter the Pig. He makes a funny sound when I shake him. She didn’t see me. I was puposed to be upstairs. I’m good at sneaging around.
I’ll keep looking. They are my only friends. They keep me safe. They keep me cupany.
His thoughts didn’t come with images. As I think about it though, I remember two cats. Fat things. One black. One gray. I remember the TV too. It was one of those old 60s or 70s models with the knobs. And I remember the wheelchair. In the aisle of Gas & Snacks it seemed to fit; here it was a monstrosity, taking up most of the small living room, Bill ‘The Assassin’ Reiser always letting a trickle of dark gold urine fill a catheter bag that should have been hidden. It was never hidden. It was always out, sometimes propped up on an end table, sometimes by his food. And sometimes it leaked, soaking the smell into the old red carpet. My mass of a mother would get down on all fours and scrub with whatever she had but it did very little to cut through the smell. In all my memories, she’s wearing that blue denim thing. I don’t know if she was really that disgusting or if all of this took place in the course of a couple of days. The same is true of The Assassin, always dressed in camo pants. The only thing that changes is the shirt. In Gas & Snacks, he was wearing a stained olive green thing; in this house, he wore a stained wife-beater. No matter what he was wearing, it always smelled like urine.
None of this seems to be the four year old’s focus though. And despite only being four, he has been very intentional in directing me so far. He’s learned a lot down in the darkness. He knows what will lead me to where I need to go. He talked about the cats. He talked about The Assassin, someone he still tragically called “daddy”, and then he talked about the piggy bank in the kitchen: something under the floorboards. As I think about it, I remember Big Ol’ Blue Denim playing around a lot with a floorboard by the sink. If my mind were a map that would be the point where I would draw an X.
I’ve taken a number of steps. I’m nearly level with the house now, scaling the incline with dream-like steps. It feels like I’m in a different world, a realm that runs parallel to the one my family is in. Even my steps feel alien. I have control over them but not in the same way I did. The atmosphere is thicker; even gravity seems different. I’m like an astronaut exploring another planet. A distant traveler perplexed by how hauntingly familiar it all is. I think I’ve been here before, Houston.
… Roger. You never left…
Even with the adoption to bring me to something better, I still left the most important part of myself here. And until I bring him out, I’ll never be free. The farther I walk, the stranger it becomes. One man in two times intersecting, I see memories flashing in front of me. Ghosts appearing and then fading away. I see them and I feel them. That mass of a woman intimidates me even now, walking toward me and then fading before she reaches me. Her face isn’t smudged out like it was in the dream. She looks almost kind, soft set eyes on a face that is almost thin. Other than slight bulldog cheeks and a slightly doubled chin, she carries all her weight from the neck down. She isn’t nearly my height but it feels she could still beat me mercilessly.
This is what it is to be half a person trying to become whole again. I’m living two lives simultaneously. Presently trying to make my way back to the past; and in the past, trying to find peace for my future. I won’t leave here until I pull him free. It’s the only hope I have.
Chapter 4
Even a poisonous atmosphere normalizes. There’s an initial struggle and then the body adapts. Sure, it’s slowly dying but fighting it no longer has any purpose. Much in the same way the poison of this place has settled over me and now I only feel a strange sense of calm. The calm of something familiar. The calm of something I used to see as home sweet home. It’s starting to come back to me in vivid waves, the four year old letting me into his memory bank without vying for control of my mind.
It’s only because I was fortunate enough to be pursued by The Davis’ that I can look back and compare my life now to the one with The Reisers. I can compare it but he couldn’t. He had no reference point for what a family was supposed to be. This was his normal and he found little scraps of comfort in the garbage heap of his life.
I now remember running up this hill, playing a lone game of cops and robbers—it seems I did that a lot. I had my go-to tree branch gun and a wildly vivid imagination. I had no real friends. And still somehow I was happy with my life. I kept seeing the little positive things. They were the only things I would let in.
With daddy ‘The Assassin’, I empathized with him. Missing two legs and in chronic pain from being blown up? Anybody would be mean. And he wasn’t always mean. Sometimes he let me sit and watch a show with him if I didn’t talk. For little moments I even felt like maybe he was happy I was there. With mommy ‘Blue Denim’, I feared her hand but knew it wasn’t for nothing. She was just trying to make me a good boy. “Good boys go to Heaven, Eric. Good boys make God smile.” I wanted to be a good boy for her. If I was a good boy, she would make yummy food and tuck me into my bed. She would even read a bedtime story or two. She loved me when I was a good boy. I wasn’t good often in her eyes though. She required a certain standard, one I rarely was able to maintain.
The house is in full view now. The faded yellow paint chipping, an old plain sheet metal roof, a small, dirty white porch out front. The screen door is ripped and uneven and won’t fully close. Behind that, the front door is a weather-worn yellow. I remember it being white. I step toward it and at the same time I see my four year old self run past me and disappear inside. We have reached this point together. Once I enter, I doubt I’ll leave the same.
The sun is bright. Except around the house light seems to fade. I look out from where I came. My family is watching me, the sun painting them in beautiful morning light. I lift my hand up and flash them the sign for love: pinky, pointer, and thumb finger up. Brooke and Fi do the same. On this property, morning light can be seen but not experienced. Out beyond the property, the view is quite beautiful; above me there is a permanent overcast, a gray cloud that can’t be seen. There is no other way to explain it. It’s cloudy here and sunny everywhere else.
I close my eyes for a moment and take a deep breath. My body is calm. The poisoned atmosphere has already affected me. I doubt I could have a panic attack here even if I tried. The atmosphere is guiding my every step. I’m like a bug helplessly flying toward the fatal heat of a light. Or even worse, I’m now a man who carries the contents of the four year old’s mind. He didn’t think anything was wrong. He ran into the house as he always did, always bringing with the few positive scraps he found in his life. He once was happy here. Happy even as he was beaten senseless. Happy even as he was seen as nothing but noisy trash. There’s something powerful about a will that isn’t broken. Nothing could break him until something did. Those stairs. Those shadows. And what he saw when he reached the bottom. Something broke him and he’s never been put back together.
In my mind, I’m fully back in 1991 now. A time-traveler, both still in my body and fully in his. My hesitation is there but it’s on the backburner. I feel what he felt before they broke him: safe. I step onto the porch, the screen door as light as paper, the front door damaged horribly by weather and neglect. I touch the handle. The door opens on its own, inviting me in. It’s safe, Eric.
I have to fight against the four year old’s pull. He wants to run inside. I have his mind before his will was taken from him. This is the tragedy of a memory: he went inside. There’s nothing I can do now to change that. Even if I walked away now, the four year old is already in there, already seeking safety only to find something terrible waiting for him instead. To both be the man and the boy is conflicting. I must follow him inside but not in the way he wants. There’s no safety for you in this house, little guy. Don’t make the same mistakes again.
The tragedy of memory is that history always repeats itself. The four year old has been on one continuous loop for 28 years, a purgatory of sorts. And though I grew and moved beyond this place in reality, in my mind I’ve always been on this loop. It’s been put to the backburner, of course, the seen and present things able to distract for a time. What I’ve come to find though is that the bigger you grow the more apparent the holes become. The holes grow with you. And if you aren’t able to close them, it’s only a matter of time before everything you love drains out of them.
As I look into my childhood home, the calm comes in and then recedes, like waves of the ocean on the shoreline. Not the kind of beach I long for... I take my first step into the house. It immediately brings my mind to the worst possible place: the top of the basement stairs.

The entryway smells like urine. From here I can see the carpet. It’s a matted, old maroon thing, a urine soaked sponge that has had 28 years to sit. The smell of urine doesn’t fade, it sours. Another step in and I want to gag. Even covering my mouth with my hands does little to help; somehow my hands smell like urine too.
I can’t hold my breath. As soon as I try, I hear that heavy thumping of my heart kick in. I was a fool to think no panic could find me here. Yes, the four year old didn’t know terrible things were ahead… but I do. And my body has been known to do what it has to do to prevent me from remembering anything of what happened. I clearly came from this distant planet because my body has responded the same way for all these years, just like the four year old did when stuck with The Reisers: find the positive scraps to avoid what’s slowly killing you. What’s my aversion if not this?
My steps are closer to stumbles as I enter the living room. Concrete seems to cover my feet, every step heavier than the last. It’s an empty house but memories rest over top of it, a flickering screen. I see the wheelchair next to the floral pattern couch, the old TV on the wall ahead and the lone wooden foldout TV tray that was always covered with mail. This was the place where daddy ‘The Assassin’ was served breakfast by mommy ‘Blue Denim’ every morning, the place where ‘Classic TV’ played on a loop from sunup to sundown, the place where I was often told to leave because he couldn’t hear his program.
To the left of the entryway, the dirty wooden floor of their master bedroom continues into a place that’s mostly dark. Black sheets still cover the windows. The Assassin could only sleep if there was no light. Probably had something to do with the war. Just like how I’ve never truly left this place, he never truly left ‘Nam.
There’s a small doorway ahead that leads out to the kitchen. The longer I’m here the more I remember. It still fits me and I hate that it does. Some part of me is still disillusioned enough to believe this was a home. The things we do to stay alive… and the places it leaves us afterwards…
I step through the doorway, the carpet switching over to old hardwood floors. There’s an old bathroom to my left, and a closed white door to the right of me. My room’s up there. I remember the black metal doorknob, usually Blue Denim’s heavy feet behind me as she continued to hit me, my little feet trying to scale the stairs as fast as possible. How did such a heavy woman keep up with me?
Another step taken. On the floor in the empty kitchen I can see where a loose floorboard is. It fits in the spot loosely. Just as it did in the living room, a memory lays overtop this. I see her, Ol’ Big Blue Denim, on all fours, the floorboard propped against the wooden drawers. X marks the spot.
I take a number of fast steps, my heart thumping fast but not panicked. It feels as if I just ran a marathon. I can only explain it like trying to walk with fifty pound ankle weights. Every step is difficult; a few consecutive steps are excruciating. My body is turning against me. I’m at the X of this trauma treasure map, my desire to unearth the secrets now unclear. Whatever I find in here is going to unravel the rest and I fear I’m going to be left a tangled mess on the floor.
If I didn’t want to know, I shouldn’t have come here. I could have done my best to staple the curtain closed, letting Brooke and the kids go down their new J road without me. It’s clear that my body won’t let me leave if I tried—and it doesn’t want me to go any farther than here. Just like the four year old, it would rather I be in a living purgatory. What if the answer is worse than not knowing? I can almost guarantee it is. But, I have to know. And at the same time, I’m not ready. I’ll never be ready.
I try to bend over but the weight is too heavy. I’m the heaviest thin man in history right now, much like Blue Denim on all fours because her own weight was too much to prop on those tree trunk legs. I’m like a cat on the dirty floor, only inches from the loose floorboard.
The heavy thumping is there. The cold sweat is seeping from my pores and pooling in many places. The numbness in my fingers immediately spreads to my lips. This is where I’m going to die because my body doesn’t really want the answers. It wants me to live on scraps.
I’m not that boy anymore!
I have more than scraps!
I have more!
All parts of me are starting to malfunction. I try to take a breath but my lungs won’t expand. Let yourself die, Eric. You’re better off not knowing. You’re better off fading to black. The answer will. kill. you.! My fear. My shield. My anxiety, as real a voice to me as Brooke’s.
I’d rather die from learning the reason than live without knowing. This is a leap into the unknown, a leap for everything I love. If I cower away, I will lose them regardless. If I lift this floorboard, I may finally find some kind of closure. The worst has already happened to me. I survived it once. I can live through it again.
For the first time in my life, I’ve broken through the other side of an attack with functionality. The symptoms still linger, remaining around in case I give them the chance to grab hold of me again. I can breathe but not easily. I can move my body but the weight on me is heavy, as if Ol’ Blue Denim herself was letting her mass rest on top of me.
Using two or three fingers I find the space between the floorboards and pull up, a CLUNK the sound needed to end the attack. Anxiety feeds on fear. And though there is a current of terror flowing through me, facing it leaves anxiety in a tailspin. The answers are never as bad as your imagination.
I take a few deep breaths and look down into Blue Denim’s piggy bank. There’s only a bible…

It’s heavy in my hand, the dust 28 years thick on the cover. Random folded pieces of paper jut out from different pages. I open to the first bookmark. The book of Proverbs. The text is circled with pen all across the page. This verse is highlighted in classic yellow: “Folly is bound up in the heart of a child, but the rod of discipline will drive it far away.” Every mention of DISCIPLINE is circled and underlined wildly. She’s written notes on the side of the text in parentheses: (Discipline leads to correction!) and below that (The fear of GOD! Fear leads to knowledge! Knowledge comes from fear… Fear = Correction!) and below that written at an angle as room becomes limited (Spare the rod, you hate your child! Discipline = Love!)
I flip the page. The circling and highlighting continues. I unfold the white piece of paper she was using as a bookmark.
God gave me a vision last night. I was in Hell. I was in the dark. I screamed one question in desperation. WHY?! An immediate voice of thunder answered me. “You are not worthy of your eternal reward!” I screamed WHY again. There was no answer…
  The writing isn’t dated. Other than a few crosses that look like fancy letter Ts sketched on and around the edges, there’s nothing. I continue to flip through the pages. The pattern becomes clear immediately: discipline and correction. The crazy notes of a clearly crazy woman. I continue flipping through the thin pages, the same things circled and underlined, the same kind of notes on any pages that have circles.
I grab the remaining folded paper bookmarks from the bible. There’s four altogether. I unfold each one, putting all of them on the floor.
The next piece I see:
SECURING MY ETERNAL REWARD
1. Eric will know the FEAR of GOD!! NO MATTER WHAT!!
2. GODLY DISCIPLINE = PERFECTION = GOD’S STANDARD = ME HEAVEN BOUND!!! PRAISE THE LORD!!!
3. Good works. Just some examples: showing patience with Bill when he’s a real bear, baking my world famous cookies for Pastor Tim and Marilyn, volunteering to direct the Nativity play for Christmas Eve, filling in as a Sunday School teacher whenever needed, dismantling the viral and dangerous belief that grace is good enough… (God has incredibly high standards. Je—) I stop reading and quickly skip past that J Name… (J**** dying on a cross only means Heaven is now possible. It requires a lifetime of work and dedication. Those relying on grace are in for a RUDE awakening! THEY ARE HELL BOUND!!!)
4. I study my bible every day & I memorize more verses every day. My current total: 105 (3 new ones today!)
The rest of the paper lists all 105 verses…
The next paper is mostly empty:
1. Salt
2.Candles
(research required)
The final piece of paper says this:
BRIGHTONVILLE…
If I keep Eric, I’ll lose my reward. HEAVEN is on the line! He’s a bad seed. Nothing works! I won’t let him damn me to HELL. Lord, I’ll balance the scales…
Just more pieces to an incomplete puzzle. I look down at the papers again, flipping them over. Nothing. Maybe this was never the answer—
I see the white door in the dining room directly ahead. There’s a metal cross nailed to the door. Immediate terror pours into me, a frigid air rolling toward me. The door’s a white circle only around the cross. The rest of the door is cracked and breaking apart. The floor leading to it looks warped just the same. It’s the cross that brings back the flashes of the basement stairs. And now, I feel myself disappearing into the four year old. He closes my eyes tight.
“Mommy, I still can’t find Mills and Sparky! I had to seep without them again lass night!” Mommy still hasn’t talked to me since I tried to take the chocolate bar from Phil. She’s in the kitchen now at lease. Daddy’s TV is loud out in the living room.
“Eric.” Mommy’s talking to me! I knew she wouldn’t be mad forever.
“Have you seen Mills and Sparky, mommy?”
“Yes. They helped me do something for you.” Her blue dress has little red dots on it. Has mommy been painting?
“A suprise?” She knows I made a mistake. I try to be good, mommy.
“We can call it that, sure.” She smiles. “Take my hand.” She puts it out. I grab it quickly. It’s still a little wet from her washing her hands. She got red on the sink too. Mommy moves fast. She’s going towards the basement. I don’t like the basement. It’s always scary. Mommy’s with me today so I’ll be okay.
“Can you tell me why you tried to steal that candy from Phil? Daddy was very upset. You tried to take from—”
“I don’t know.” I like chocolate and I wanted it.
“Do you think Jesus likes when you steal?”
“No.”
“He hates it. In fact it is a horrible sin that will send you to a place called Hell. Do you know what Hell is?”
I shake my head back and forth.
“Hell is a place where fire burns you and the monsters can get you forever. They drag you away and hurt you.”
“I don’t wanna talk about this, m-mommy.” she’s standing at the basement door. Her hand is sweezing mine hard. She’s a lot bigger than me. “I’m scared.”
“Being scared is good. Fear leads to Jesus.” She opens the door. “And Jesus leads to Heaven.” She pulls me forward. It’s cold. It’s dark—shadow monsters! Shadow monsters on the wall! Big hands trying to grab me!
“There’s m-monsters down there, m-mommy! K-keep me safe!” I close my eyes tight! Monsters can’t get me when I close my eyes.
She pinches my arm hard. “Open your eyes. This is for your own good.”
She’s stepping down the stairs. She’s pulling me. I try to fight. She’s bigger than me. I don’t want to go down there, mommy! I’m sorry I made a mistake! Twease don’t bring me down there! I’m scared of monsters!
She’s holding the cross in her other hand. The shadow monsters move when she holds it up. They spread. I keep pulling away. Get loose and I can run! I can’t. She’s too strong. She steps down the stairs fast. Mommy is trying to pull my arm apart. She hits the bottom—I hit the bottom. It isn’t as dark down here. There’s little lights in the middle of the room. There’s red on the floor, just like on her shirt, making a circle and a star. A chair is in the middle of the red shapes. I want to be close to mommy. That cross keeps her safe—keep me safe, cross! Keep me safe! Don’t let the monsters get me!
“Hell is real, Eric.” Her voice is scary. She’s angry. I don’t like when mommy is angry. She hurts me. “Only Jesus can save you from the monsters in the dark.”
She doesn’t pull my arm anymore. She throws me over her shoulder. I kick. I scream. Keep me safe, cross! Twease! Keep me safe! What’s wrong with mommy? Why’s she hurting me?!
“Cooperate!” she screams. “Or I will let the monsters get you.” she whispers mean at me now. I stop kicking. I stop screaming.
The monsters are shadows on the wall. Reaching for me but still on the wall. Mommy’s bringing me away from the walls, into the middle of the room. The little lights are everywhere. She sits me in the black metal chair. “Cooperate,” she repeats herself. “Or I will let them take you.” she holds the cross out. Is she going to drop it? The monsters would get her too.
“D-do you know where Mills and Sparky are, mommy? Y-you said you did.”
“They’re with you right now, Eric.” she smiles. She grabs rope from the floor. “They don’t want you going to Hell. They did what had to be done.”
Mommy doesn’t know what she’s talking about. Mills and Sparky aren’t down here. They would have come when they heard my voice.
“No they’re not.” I’m sure of it.
“They’re here, Eric. Do you see red?”
There’s red everywhere. The circle. The star. The dots on mommy’s blue dress.
I shake my head up and down.
“Red means dead, Eric.” she’s playing cops and robbers with me. I’m the robber. She’s tying me to the chair. It’s tight across my chest. If I had my gun, you’d be sorry!”
“You’re lying!”
“I never lie, you little hellion. You do. All the time. You steal. You talk-back. You never listen. Why do you do these things? Because there’s Hell in you. Mills and Sparky gave their lives to save you. This is for your good. To protect you.” I’m tied tight to the chair. “After this, it will be gone from you. You can be a good boy. You can make Jesus happy.”
“What did you do to Mills and Sparky?! They were my friends!”
“Yes. They were. They died so you could live. You will be washed clean after this, Eric. Today you learn the fear of God.” Mommy puts the cross on a nail above my head. She’s holding a cross again. It was somewhere in her dress. She has two crosses.
“Blood has the power to bind up and to bring forth. Spirits of fear, spirits of darkness, by the power of the blood of this sacrifice, come forth.”
The shadow monsters are leaving the walls. They spread to the floor. I close my eyes. The monsters can’t get me when my eyes are closed. I’m invisible.
“Only Jesus can save you from the monsters in the dark, Eric. Call His Name or the monsters will take you away.” Mommy’s going back upstairs?! Her feet are loud up the stairs. I’m still here, mommy! I’m still here! Don’t leave me! I can’t say it. I’m too scared. My eyes are closed and I hear them gathering…
Awareness is mine again. It was his thoughts and my understanding throughout. But, it isn’t over. We have to face this. I’ll open our eyes, little guy. You’re not alone…
My eyes open. A thick white candle sits at each of the five points of the pentagram drawn in Mills and Sparky’s blood (a circle and a star), a figure in a black cloak positioned just beyond the glow of each candle. They only have large mouths with razor sharp teeth, smiling in at us. But when it happened, it was just me. Monsters gathered around me from all sides, mommy upstairs. It’s still me. It’s always been me.
The fear I feel is overwhelming. It’s his and mine combined. There was nothing scarier in his mind than being alone with monsters. And she left us. She called something evil forth just so she could leave us with it. All so we would learn the fear of God.
I don’t know how soon after the monsters gathered around that I screamed JESUS. As soon as my mouth formed the word probably. I screamed until I could scream no more. SAVE ME, JESUS! HELP ME, JESUS! I’m still with him, though I’m detaching from the memory, the images stretching away down a long hallway. It’s still the only Name I hear, echoing desperately, searching for an answer. I don’t remember ever leaving the basement. There was no moment where Holy light flooded the damned dark, untied my ropes, and led me to safety. All I remember is what feels like an eternity of being surrounded by monsters in the darkness, crying out to a deaf J Name…

My eyes snap open. I’m on the kitchen floor again, sweat soaked and paralyzed. My body feels as if it was flexing with every one of his screams. I don’t know how long I was with him. Time seemed endless, the only light in the basement the five candles put there for a terrible ritual. The only company, five cloaked monsters waiting for the cross to fall so they could pull him away and feed. All air is missing from my lungs. I’m not just panicked. I’m exhausted.
The basement door flexes and bows out on all sides. Something is pushing against it, the cross the only thing keeping the monsters from killing me now. Is knowing better? Now when I close my eyes, instead of seeing the stairs and the shadows reaching for me, I’ll see cloaked figures with mouths of sharp teeth surrounding me, waiting to eat me; I’ll see the smeared blood of my only two childhood friends in the shape of ‘a star and a circle.’ I can’t say that knowing is better. I can try to justify that as long as I get to keep my family, this is worth it. If the aversion is gone—something I’m not ready to test—what’s on the other side? What if the aversion was the cork meant to hold all the rest in? And now that I know why, everything is going to leak out of me. What if this leads to me becoming a worse person? What if I become like The Assassin, too stuck in a different place in the past that in the present I’m terrible to everyone around me?
There’s nothing more I want to know about my past. It’s unclear when I was let out of the basement. She probably kept me down there for days, my only hope being that cross above my head—and that Name I had to cry out for until I couldn’t cry anymore…
What happened when I finally came up from the basement is a mystery I don’t really care to solve. Either I made another mistake and was discarded quickly thereafter, or, and I would like to believe this one, I raised a good deal of hell to make them get rid of me. Taking my tree branch gun and shattering the TV screen is a nice image. Pushing that mass of a woman down my bedroom stairs in hopes that the fall would kill her is an even nicer image.
I have to believe I wasn’t discarded but did what I needed to do to get away from them once and for all. It would make me a victor in some small way instead of a continuous victim. That one small detail would give some kind of legitimacy to my present again: I’m not a man who isn’t important enough to have a real birthday; I once was a child strong enough to give up every aspect of my life because anything was better than living with The Reisers. Today, I’m going to be like the four year old before he was left in the basement. Today I’m going to find the positive scraps and hold onto them tight. I don’t want to know the real reason. It had to be my decision. It had to be to push them, to force her hand until it was the only option she had. She’s already taken too much from me. This was my decision! I left them that night… they didn’t leave me.
I believe what I saw in the basement will always haunt me. I imagine it’ll be my every nightmare; it’ll be what lurks in every shadow and stands outside the glow of every candle. And whenever Fi is scared of monsters, I’ll only see them. To think those same monsters are really only fifteen or so feet from me is something I have to push away from my mind, because as I let it sit there, I feel like I’m back in the chair, tied up by ropes, alone and surrounded by their hungry mouths. They were just waiting for the cross to drop then. The same is true now.
I have to leave here. The man who laughed at the idea of monsters is now in serious danger of being devoured by them. There’s something to your religion, B, because without that cross I would have died at four years old. I still don’t want to say that Name. I screamed it for what feels like an eternity and no answer came. The cross keeps them away but the Man Who was on it does nothing for me. When I needed You the most, You weren’t there.
The sheets of paper and the bible are by me. I don’t know if I want to take them. There’s probably further clues in the pages of that book, other little notes she wrote that can give me further insight to the four years I was with The Reisers—years that should never be revisited. I want to leave them behind, but my hand’s operating free of my desire. It grabs the papers, folds them back up, and stuffs them into one random section. The bible is in my hand even though I don’t want it to be. Maybe it’s something I need to revisit to somehow heal—is healing even possible after what I’ve seen?
The flexing door looking ready to break apart at any moment, my body responds with a shot of adrenaline. I’m exhausted but I’m able to move. I stand, the steps still heavy but not excruciating, the weight still baring down on me. Even with the monsters still held behind the door, the environment has the power to kill. The power to lure me into a strange calm still remains. A daze that convinces me that this is still home and that I’m safe. The power this place has is beyond my understanding.
Panic isn’t what I have to worry about right now; it’s the calm. The calm that calls me and will soon leave me to be devoured. Panic couldn’t be farther away from me. And what worries me most is how, much in the same way my hands gathered the bible up without my choosing, part of me wants to stay here. It wants the cross to fall off the door and the monsters to finish the job. Right now I can’t even trust my own thoughts. Is this my body’s response to pulling down the curtain? Has it rebelled against me? Am I already a mad man?
I can only take steps against what the rest of me wants to do. Sit and stay, wait for the door to break open. Let the monsters finish the job because they will haunt you forever even if you do leave. They aren’t stuck behind a door. They are firmly planted in your mind. By letting the curtain down, you’ve let them in. And they will kill you. If not quickly in this house, slowly around your family—
The sound of waves appear in my mind, loud and living. I close my eyes for a moment and see B on the beach, waiting for me. It’s the only reminder I need. There’s a true calm waiting on the other side of this. Over the last two days, invisible fingers have been conducting how this all unfolds, meeting my fear with reassurance, pulling me free from moments that could have killed me. Even now, a growing fear is interrupted by a reminder of the promise of calm on the other side. Where’s it coming from?
I don’t really want to consider that the J Name is behind it. My aversion has been a message all its own: I never want to say that Name again because it once was the only Name I screamed out in desperation. If He had delivered me from the dark. If He had stepped in among the monsters and pulled me free—did He? What are the Davis’ if not a source of light? And how they came into my life when they did. The timing has to belong to those invisible fingers. It’s far too strategic, far too planned out to just be a coincidence. I didn’t even see a foster home before they took me in. I was abandoned in that parking lot and they were there almost immediately after, put in place by the fingers of a God they don’t even believe in.
If I choose to look at everything the last two days, all of it points to an arranging of the pieces. Even the dream I was given of the gas station was the domino needed to lead me here. None of the most important pieces were mine; everything that led to Sheen came from dreams or handpicked memories. I thought it was my subconscious finally giving me a trail of breadcrumbs. Except what the continued panic attacks point to is a mind that never wanted the curtain pulled down. My mind has fought me every step of the way, the invisible fingers the only force guiding me forward.
I look toward the cross again. Even with the flexing door, it looks stable and secure. And with difficult but sure steps, I walk toward the front door. The invisible fingers have me here for a reason. There’s a true calm, a clearing, waiting on the other side of this place. I just have to keep taking one step at a time and eventually I’ll break through to the other side. Just one step at a time.
Chapter 5
Purpose now drives me. If it felt like this was a dead end, I would have stayed behind. I would have forced my body over to that basement door, pulled the cross down, and tossed it away from me. A certain kind of suicide that nobody could ever convict me of.
Instead, I’m a few steps from the front door, the bright day a stark contrast to this dark place. Passing through this house has a feeling of finality. Is the little boy still stuck in the basement? I don’t believe he is. All that was in the basement is now out and among the present, able to bleed and leak into what it will. Where it goes from here I don’t know. What I do know is that by pulling down the curtain, the little boy is no longer trapped. I can bring him with me. The monsters will come with too, I’m sure. I don’t think I can take one without the other.
Both are memories that have moved from the past into my present. The little boy is a piece of me that is no longer missing. Even if we are haunted by the monsters from the basement, he will never again be stuck down there alone. And as we leave this property, my steps almost feel normal, the once heavy struggle simplifying with every movement. The sense that this place is a distant planet is fading, the aspect of traveling back in time dissipating. It was the atmosphere of this property but it was also my body’s fight to avoid remembering what was in the basement.
Out the front door, our two vehicles are in plain sight on the road just beyond the declined ditch, Brooke wrangling the kiddos best she can. The bible is a foreign thing in my hand. I don’t want it but I can’t drop it. I want to leave everything of this place behind. What I want doesn’t matter. Just as my body has revolted against my attempts to find answers for my aversion, it ignores my desire to be cut free of here. Why hold onto something that hurts? Why can’t I drop it here and never see it again?
As I step out of the house, Fi waves up at me, her little arms like fast moving windshield wipers. I see a smile of relief, or something that looks like it, spread wide on Brooke’s face. Even Mitchy does his best attempt at a wave. I lift up my empty hand to wave back. I’m through the worst of it now. The house is behind me, my feet stepping off the porch.
My steps are light and fast. My family is getting closer by the moment, Brooke having to hold Fi in her other arm so she doesn’t sprint onto the property to meet me. There’s a palpable sense of something missing in me now having been returned. I’m a fuller man coming back to them… both for the good and the bad. A fuller man can hold more but if what he’s holding is a terrible thing—
“Daddy! You’re safe!” Fi’s figured out the loophole of not getting to physically meet me.
I smile at her, turning my walk into a jog. I am for now, Fi.
”We were praying for you.” Such weird words to hear come from her mouth. I still cringe at them.
“I appreciate you caring.” It seems an appropriate response. Even though I know why I haven’t been able to hear that J Name, I still can’t imagine saying it in my daily life.
“Eric,” Brooke hasn’t moved from the edge of the road, doing a great job of keeping the kids from the property.
“Yeah, B?” I’m only feet from her now.
She looks at the bible in my hand and then into my eyes. “Are we going to be okay? D-did you find what you needed to?”
The presence of the bible gives her hope that I’ve turned over a new leaf. I can see it on her face. I could lie to her. I could say that a great light found me in there and I see things with new eyes. I could say, “I’m changed, B”, but even if I can hear that Name now, I’m not sure I want to.
“I found answers.” I say softly, now standing next to her.
She gives a warm smile. “That’s good.” She pauses, her mouth open, the factory running. She has something she wants to say. “Can I say His Name? I just want to share what brought me to a relationship with Him.”
I nod my head. I really don’t know if I’ll still respond with panic. Even though I now know what’s in the basement, hearing that Name may bring me down there again.
“Only Jesus can save you from the devils in the dark.”
The heavy thumping of my heart is loud and only getting louder. My breaths are shallow and faltering. It isn’t that Name now…
“W-Where did you hear that?” My mind brings me to many places. Blue Denim is back in my present, still haunting me.
“What’s wrong, Eric? Is-is it the Name?”
I shake my head violently with my eyes closed tight. I’m back in that basement and Blue Denim is saying that same thing to me. I’m there and I’m here, split down the middle again, my past and my present intersecting. It’s something like a lucid dream. I hear B’s question and I try to respond but I can only shake violently. How can she still reach me out here? I left her the night I was abandoned in the parking lot. How is she still in my life?
“Eric!” I’m trying to get to you, B!
“Daddy!” I’m trying to come back, Fi!
I’m in the basement again, those words echoing in my mind. She said ‘monsters’ then instead of ‘devils.’ That’s the only difference. Monsters for a little boy who was terrified of them—a little boy who is still terrified of them.
I’m screaming now. “Jesus! Jesus!” I’m the little boy again, crying out for help. “Jesus! Save me!” is it me or is it the four year old? Where does the little boy end and I begin?
My eyes snap open suddenly. I’m hunched over with my free hand on my knee, Fi on one side of me. B’s on the other, rubbing my back. “… going to be okay, Eric.” Her reassuring words fade in and soon belong to me again. Do you really believe that, B?
I’m a man at the end of a grueling triathalon, exhausted and depleted. How many attacks can I have before it’s too many for my body to handle?
I take a deep breath. It almost sounds empty inside. “Where did you hear that phrase? The one about the devils in the dark?”
She looks confused. “It was on the church’s welcome sign. It’s what made me go to begin with.”
I swallow hard, calming my eyes before I look into hers. Should she know what happened to me down in the basement? Should she know the church she’s attending is run/influenced by a monster Reiser? There are only two outcomes I can see:
1. I tell her everything and explain with undeniable certainty that the phrase that brought her to her faith was used to abuse me in unimaginable ways as a four year old boy. It would possibly void out her whole decision into this religion, removing my need to adapt to hearing and saying that J Name daily…
2. She would accuse me of lying. She would say I clearly am willing to stoop to any level to get what I want. She would leave me, using all of the information I gave her against me to win full custody. I would be left with nothing but memories I wish I could forget, while she took my babies far away from me.
“Is that why you started getting panicked?” She almost looks panicked at the possibility, the hope in her eyes dimming. I can’t tell her anything.
“No. It was just residual probably. It’s been a hard day.” Sometimes a lie is the only option. “I’ll help you get the kids transferred over to your car. Then I’ll follow you home.”
“Are you sure you’re okay to drive?” she asks, looking toward Frida. “We could just park it here and come back another time.”
“That’s unnecessary. I’ll be okay. The best of Queen’ll get me home safe.” A good way to change the subject. I doubt I’ll listen to anything on the way back.
She shakes her head with a smile. “You and that CD.”
“… Is this the real life? … Is this just fantasy?” I do my best Freddie Mercury impression. Brooke smiling again and shaking her head in a way that says, ‘silly man.’ Not only does the best of Queen put the kiddos to sleep whenever they ride in Frida, it also helps me smooth over any wrinkles in this lie. It’s earned another five year slot feature in Frida, at the very least.

We’ve been home for some time now. Brooke’s the hero I couldn’t be. She stopped and got Mickey D’s. I parked next to them and stayed in the car while they went inside. I was in no place to see other people then—I’m still in no place now.
I can hear the kiddos playing around in the living room even with the bedroom door shut. Brooke’s watching them. She told her job it was a family emergency and she wouldn’t be returning today. She told me to rest, said she’d checkup on me in a while. And that was a while ago.
There’s nothing more frustrating than having the answers to why but still feeling their effects. Answers aren’t a cure for anything; they are nothing more than a way to scratch the itch while knowing the itch will still remain. And I continue to itch at it, the stupid man that I am. The bible I didn’t want to bring back hasn’t left my sight. I’ve flipped through dozens of pages, looking for any further resolution. The same notes fill pages with the same kind of messages. What I’ve been doing since getting home is something comparable to digging my dirty fingers deep into an old wound. I try to tell myself there’s nothing good waiting on the next page, but I flip to it anyway. I’m a thirty two year old man controlled by the needs of a four year old. I—
The door opens and I drop the bible to the floor immediately. She registers it immediately, her eyes resting on it as she stands in the doorway. She’s changed clothes, her pencil skirt now her loose gray lounge pants and her white blouse now a black cardigan over a white camisole. Brooke is embracing the stay at home look while it applies to her.
“What don’t you want me to see, Eric?” She’s still looking at the bible, the spine bent slightly with it now face down.
With both my hands free, I place my palms over my eyes and press hard, taking a deep breath. “There’s a lot I don’t want you to know. A lot I don’t know how to process.”
She pauses. I can hear it in her breathing. Even though I’m not looking at her, I know exactly what she’s doing. She’s leaning against the doorframe with her arms crossed, one foot acting as a kickstand. Her eyes are searching me. The light of her gaze is bright even though my eyes are covered. “… You found the answers you were looking for. Maybe you can start to heal?” If only it were that easy. “Maybe write down some things you hope to accomplish with trauma group over the next five nights?”
I sigh something heavy. “Yeah. Maybe.”
“You told me you’d really try, Eric.”
“I am.” My reply is nearly silent. It’s not fair of me to expect her to understand the weight of this situation if I won’t tell her anything about it. And yet, as stupid as it may be, I expect her to understand. I’m mad that she doesn’t.
“You’re already pulling away from me.”
What else can I do?! Trust you?! The church you expect me to heal through is a nightmare. You trust it more than me because it makes you feel safe from the devils in the dark. I can’t tell you anything because then everything will come out. You know I don’t want you to be a Christian. And because you know that, you’ll expect me to use any measure necessary to make you leave it behind. ”I’m just tired.”
She glances back toward the living room to see if she can hear the kids and then looks back toward me. “Fine, Eric. Continue to deflect. I don’t know how long you think you can continue to hold onto this all yourself. You can only hold so much weight until it breaks you.”
“What do you want me to do?” I want her to give me an answer. I want to do everything she says. It’s already broken me, B.
She sighs. “You already know.”
She’s right. I do. But, I don’t know how to do it. If I let her in and she rejects me, I’m done. I’ll be haunted with no hope of relief. There will be no beach, no clearing, no better days to hope for. I know what I have to do but doing it will leave me naked and exposed. I’ve never truly been any of those things with her.
Her eyes are still looking into mine, a crowded room of thoughts and motivations between us. She just wants me to be honest; I just want to know she’ll still be here after I am. I look down at the bible and then at her again.
“The church is not what you think it is.”
Her eyes process my words with the kind of mixture I expected: surprise, confusion, and mostly her own assumption of what I mean. “I’ve heard this before, Eric.”
“No, B. You haven’t. There are so many things you don’t know.”
Her face changes as what I say reaches her, all mixtures now removed. I think she’s ready to listen…

We’re in the living room now, Paw Patrol the main babysitter to Fi and Mitchy as B sits on the couch across from me. Fi acknowledges my presence for a moment with a “Hi, daddy” and then looks back to follow Chase on another mission. Mitchy walks toward me excitedly, reaching the edge of the couch and reaching his arms for me. I pick him up and sit him in my lap. He looks at me for a moment and then, like his sister, is brought along on another dog-centric rescue mission.
We’ve had many important discussions with the kids in the same room. Sometimes it requires little edits here and there. I’ll probably spell ‘monsters’ instead of saying it, so Fi doesn’t really know what we’re talking about. I’ll be vague about what happened to Mills and Sparky, probably spell ‘blood’ too. Other than the few edits, this conversation can easily happen in front of them.
“Where should I start?” I ask her with my best attempt at an ice-breaker tone.
“How much do you want to tell me?” Even though we have our kids, right now it feels like we’re the only two people in the room.
“All of it.” I have the bible I didn’t want to take in my hands. And now I give it to her.
She grabs it from me and then repositions herself almost like a catcher preparing to catch a fastball. The information is going to come fast and hit hard. Even though I’ve only known most of these same things for only a couple of hours, it belongs to me as if I’ve known them my whole life. That’s the thing about trauma. The answers don’t change the present, they just help fill in the details of the past. They give context to the wounds. Instead of just being riddled with bullets, you now know what gun put them there. And in some strange way, that gives you an identity that wasn’t there before. It legitimizes you, makes you something more than a bleeding wound. I once was a clean slate, ruined and forever misshapen by the Reisers.
“Only Je-Jesus—” No heavy thumping of my heart. “Only Jesus can save you from the devils in the dark. This is what the sign said, right, B?”
She nods her head, glancing down at the bible now in her possession.
“‘Only Jesus can save you from the m-o-n-s-t-e-r-s in the dark.’ When I was four, this is what my birth mom told me as she tied me up in a metal chair in the basement. It was in the middle of a pentagram she drew using the b-l-o-o-d of my two cats, Mills and Sparky. There was a candle outside of each point. It was the only light down there.” I pause, her eyes wide, her mouth hanging loose. The factory is closed. “She used these handheld crosses as protection, hanging one on a nail above my head so that the creatures she summoned could get close to me but they couldn’t reach me. They were these hooded figures with hungry mouths, looking in at me from beyond the candles. She left me alone with them, left me to yell that Name for hours or days. I don’t know how long. And I don’t know if it happened more than once.” I swallow hard. I’m just a naked man sitting with my fully clothed family. “In that bible you’ll find her little notes. Her justifications. You’re free to look through it whenever you’d like.”
She looks down at the bible and then back up at me. “… I-I don’t even know what to say, Er-Eric. There’s, um, really no words. I’m sorry and horrified and heartbroken and-and—”
“It’s okay.” I reassure her. “They abandoned me not long after that and mom and dad were there to adopt me.” I give a smile that says, ‘Now everything’s fine’. Another lie. “It’s not even really about that anyway. The point of this is one thing. I think my birth mom is part of your church.”
She both nods and shakes her head at the same time as if she’s undecided as to what she believes. “Wa-what would that even mean?”
“I don’t know, B. You’re the one that said this stuff is pretty strange to be a coincidence.”
She nods her head as her eyes take her on a pinball journey. “It was those nightmares I had that made the sign matter. Any other time I would have drove past it without another thought. So where did the dreams come from, Eric? It isn’t a coincidence. It can’t be. This whole thing is meant to happen.” There’s that same look of an epiphany that I saw yesterday. “It’s a God thing. It has to be.”
What I hate most is that everything is pointing to exactly what she says it is. Those invisible fingers. The intentional memories guiding me and aligning with B. It all points to God… more specifically the Name I can now say but don’t ever want to. I can look for the scraps of good things following the hell in the basement. I can even say that The Davis’ being there as soon as I was abandoned is a divine thing. Even if it is, what matters is what happened in the basement. The hours or days I screamed His Name and no comfort was given and no light was brought into the dark. I don’t know how to move past that.
When I woke up today, I thought I was nothing more than a man who had no need for religion. An atheist content on my chosen road. The truth is something different. God and I have a long history. Mine is the story of an abandoned child trying to move on… and Him now trying to weasel His way back into the picture. An absentee Father who now wants to make amends: I’m sorry I wasn’t there when you needed me the most. But, I’m here now. Too little too late.
“Eric?” She’s been waiting for a reply, the emotional mixtures finding their way back onto her face again. “Was I wrong to say that?” I think she was testing to see if my mind has changed any in regard to her faith. Her eyes tell me she’s disappointed and that she’s still probably thinking about how wobbly our future together is.
“No. It’s hard to deny that there is some kind of plan currently unfolding.” I pause. “What does it mean for you? Does it change anything for you?” I don’t mean it the way it sounds—not entirely at least.
She takes it the wrong way immediately. “Were you hoping it would change something?”
I shrug. “I guess I was kind of hoping it would be like a New Year’s resolution. You’re all excited about it while it’s relevant. Then a little time passes and—”
“Why do you want that? You don’t care that Jesus makes me happy? That He makes me feel safe?”
“I hate the fact that her words worked! The fear of God equals knowledge. Knowledge comes from fear. Fear equals correction.” I pause, the words starting to boil within. “Spare the rod and you hate your child. Discipline equals love! These are just a few of the notes she wrote in that bible. Justifications for why she would eventually lock me in the basement with those creatures. She called it love, B. She thought she was doing something kind. She thought it was necessary. Do you know the reason she locked me down there?”
She just shakes her head with sad eyes.
“I tried to take a candy bar from a gas station.”
She shakes her head again. This time the meaning different than before, more one of bewilderment or shock.
“It wasn’t her words, Eric. They just got me into the building. Don’t you think God can use bad things to still bring us to Him? He knew the nightmares would make the sign stand out. It just got me in the door so He could speak to my heart. He spoke to me yesterday, Eric.”
“I see.” I look at her and then past her, focusing on our family photo on the wall. “What do you want me to do about tonight?”
“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to do. You’ve gone through a lot today, Eric. You can just rest if you want. Or we can talk more. Or maybe just watch one of your favorite movies?” She’s looking at me again and I’m looking at her. The shades of our old relationship are still there.
She’s not forcing me to go tonight. If she was, I wouldn’t. My feet would dig in deep and not budge no matter the fight she put up. Her willingness to leave it in my hands frees me of my immediate reflex to resist.
“I’ll go.”
“Really?” Her surprise isn’t hidden, her face now showing a mixture of many things. “After everything you told me, you still want to go?”
“It’s out of my hands now, B. The decision was made for me when you prayed that prayer yesterday. I’m in a train car that’s already on the tracks. It doesn’t matter if I’m ready or not, the car is already moving. I have to follow it to the end.” I don’t think I’ve ever been so honest with her in a conversation. There’s no reason to cover anything up with her now. I’m already a naked man, as bare and exposed as I’ll ever be.
“Are you saying I forced you to do this?”
“Not in the way you are thinking. I’m saying that you made this decision and I am going to try my best to still be compatible with you, because you are worth it.” I pause, a smile growing on her face. “I have to be completely honest with you though. I don’t know if I’ll ever be able to meet you on the same road.”
The smile fades. “Never?”
“I know what I already need to know about Him. He leaves when you need Him the most.” I’m not sure if my words are sharp or despondent. Am I angry or empty?
Her face is calm; I expected a storm. “He met me where I was at, Eric. I believe He’ll do the same for you. Even if you can’t meet me on the same road right now, will you keep trying… for me?”
“Why does it matter if we’re on the same road? Why can’t this just be something I accept about you and we move on? Why does there have to be this constant pressure now? Can’t you just accept that I don’t want it but will support you in it?”
“I’m just worried we’ll grow apart, Eric. This is something fundamental, whether you want to acknowledge that or not. And if we’re never on the same road together but keep walking, won’t we just continue to get farther apart? I don’t want a long distance relationship when we could have something close.”
“But all of it’s on your terms, Brooke. Sure I don’t lock up at His Name anymore but that doesn’t mean I want to say It daily. I’ve already said that Name enough in my life. If you are going to push, maybe we should just pull the plug on us now.” As I say the words, my stomach sinks. I begin to stroke Mitchy’s hair as I look toward Fi. This may all be gone in the blink of an eye. Whenever you threaten divorce, you hold the door open, just inviting them to step through. If she does—
“Why even say that, Eric?”
“… You don’t understand how it feels. I was betrayed. I was left alone down there. I screamed and cried for Him. Nothing. To give you an example of something you can relate to, that would be like our daughter crying out for you over and over and you don’t say a thing. She pleads with you and you turn away. Could you hear the cries of a four year old and do nothing? I’m happy you feel safe with Him. But to me, He’s nothing but an empty space.”
“I don’t—”
“You have no history with Him. Your conversion comes with no past. You have a clean slate, Brooke. You can build from that. Yours is easy!” I stop, my words seeming like unintentional bullets that I’ve let violently rip through my wife. It’s anger, not emptiness, and I just used it on her. “I’m sorry if I’ve hurt you. I just need you to understand where I’m at. Lower your expectations. I will try to meet you on that same road someday. But I can’t give you any guarantees, B. I will try.” A good way to land the plane after a turbulent ride: give her hope for something eventual, regardless of my intentions on ever seeing it through. Just landing the plane right now is a victory.
“That’s all I ask, Eric.” Her smile is nothing real; it’s that mask we all wear when we’ve grown tired of fighting and just want to pretend everything’s okay. Usually I’d call her on it. Right now I’m just happy this conversation is over…
Chapter 6
Brooke told me the name of the church was The Promised Land. It’s typed into the GPS on my phone. Just the kind of place I’d expect that mass of a woman to settle into, Old Testament morals brought into the modern world. I pull out of the driveway and head toward the destination, Brooke and the kiddos still at the storm door, seeing me off. I gave Brooke the contractual peck before leaving, displaying one of those same poorly placed smiles. Fi and Mitchy both got something more genuine, little wet stamps on their foreheads and warm hugs. Whether or not mommy and I stay together is still up in the air, kiddos. We’re back to being fake with one another after I tried to be completely open with her. Everything was going well until she let her expectations be known. Now I only feel pressured to accept her change and to meet her at the same place in the not too distant future.
What I told her was a placeholder, obviously. And if I know anything about new Brooke, she’ll check on my progress constantly. I’ll be like a little kid wanting to ride the ride with her only to be told I’m just not tall enough yet, always just short of her measuring stick of expectations. I wave at her and she waves at me—it feels like a goodbye in more ways than one.
It’s not dark out yet but dusk is definitely setting across the sky. A once clean blue is now a deep purple with some reds and oranges bleeding in. The clock in the car says it’s 5:38 p.m.; my phone says it’s two minutes later. The church is fifteen minutes from here. I’ll arrive just in time for things to start.
The events of today seem like they belong to many days. How many people seek out answers and find them along the path immediately? It’s divine and I hate that it is. Today has been nothing more than a card in the mail from that absentee Parent. He threw in some cash to make up for the time lost and included a postcard from the beach. Everything about today has been a bribe: “Take Me back and I’ll give you good things. I’ll remove your crippling anxiety. I’ll pull off these old and peeling bandages so that you can finally heal. I’ll let you have good days with B again. Just take Me back.”
The only reason I’m going to the church is because I can’t stop the tracks I’m already on. It’s all predetermined. I have to ride where it takes me—I’ve been forced on and strapped in. Now all I can do is sit and watch. I’m on a different ride than the one I want to be on with Brooke, some nightmarish thing that is slowly bringing me on a tour of my past/ present again. It happening in Sheen was one thing. That whole town was something out of a dream. Even my childhood home was removed from the real world. The Assassin and Big Ol’ Blue Denim fit there, back in 1991. But to think they are here, in 2019, fifteen minutes from where I live, from where I brought home our kiddos from the hospital, from where B and I built a life together—I have to compartmentalize that. If they’ve really been this close all this time, I’ve probably seen them around Eden, during the August fairs, during the Fourth of July fireworks on the hill… Blue Denim’s probably even been one of the masses of flesh that wheel around Wal-Mart.
There isn’t a part of Eden that isn’t familiar to me. I’ve driven down this same road a thousand times, passing the Kwik Trip on the right, the A&W on the left, the Dairy Queen just at the bottom of the hill. With a population in the twenty some thousand range, it’s big enough to live in without feeling closed in. And at the same time, it’s small enough to know every nook and cranny. I’m sure I’ve seen this church before, even though the name doesn’t ring any bells. If this isn’t truly some big coincidence and Blue Denim resides at this church, they’ve been in my backyard for years. Was there ever a moment when I was already adopted and I saw and recognized them? And if I did would I have run away? Or did my aversion effectively block them from my mind? In my first dream, her face was blurred; when I arrived on the property I could see her face again. She had kind eyes. I think most monsters do.
Seven minutes away, all familiar parts of the town now starting to feel different. Eden has always been my home. The idea that it’s also been theirs changes it for me in a way I can’t quite understand. I suppose it would be something similar to finding out that Brooke has been sleeping around on the nights she told me she was out with friends. New information colors the context of the present. And in this case, it has drained the color from all my memories of Eden.
They continue to steal from me. Even my hometown is a nightmare to me now. Even where I think I’m safe, I’m not.
I turn left at a little white corner house, three minutes until I arrive. It’s a straight shot from here. I know this area well. My elementary school is only a few minutes away from here, not down this street but two over. Frida moves down the street at a steady pace. I look at the street and then down at my GPS, another destination star now in sight. It’s just up ahead on my right. I don’t know how Brooke found herself over this way. Is that something divine too? She was just driving down random streets and came upon a sign that changed her life? She wouldn’t be looking for new shortcuts. She had those figured out long before we ever met. If she was over here, it was random or intentional.
The sign comes into view, illuminated beneath cheap white plastic, black letters saying exactly what she said it did. At the top of the sign the name of the church is in red letters sitting between the Ten Commandments opened like a book. Underneath the name it says: YOU’RE FINALLY HOME.
A chill settles on my spine as Frida pulls into the nearly empty parking lot, the church a small one story brown brick structure, a place that looks inviting and exactly like it claims: a home.

I step out of Frida, the air much like it was this morning. Even though we aren’t out of September yet, it feels like winter is already knocking on the door. It’ll get below freezing tonight now that wind is blowing. It makes a calm fifty some degrees feel like a brisk thirty two. The chill on my spine now settles on my whole body. I don’t know if it’s the weather or my growing fear.
Now that dusk is starting to bring a heavy layer of shadow, I feel like the monsters are filling it. In my mind there are hundreds. When it was daytime, the light gave me a sense of protection. Now that the light is leaving, they are revealed. I can’t shake this feeling that they are all around me, their hungry mouths able to reach me at any time. It’s that same thing a child feels when running up the stairs alone: run fast or the monsters will grab you and pull you away. Such a silly thing to me only a couple days ago; now it’s my reality.
The sudden sound of a car door slamming somewhere behind me is immediately comforting. I take a few more steps, now hearing other footsteps and light chatter. I’m not alone. More people arriving by the moment, now the distinct screen of a headlight cast on my back as another car pulls into the parking lot. As I get closer to the building, I can see a kid waiting outside the main doors. He props it open as I approach. It seems I’m the first to arrive.
“Welcome, newcomer. Come in out of the cold.” He smiles. “We’re meeting in the room straight ahead. Take any chair you’d like. We have name tag stickers for everyone. They are on the same table with the doughnuts and coffee. Please pick one and write your name and then enjoy a treat or two.” The smile remains. He’s wearing a red and black flannel shirt, his facial hair black and sparse in most places. His goatee is mostly full, the cheeks and chin still leaving much to be desired. Keep at it, kid. I’ve been there. He can’t be much older than twenty.
“Will do.” I give him a respectful nod and a complimentary smile as I step through the doorway. Old carpet that looks like the color of blue denim is everywhere. It’s dirtiest here at the entrance, the color more a faded brown than blue. Years of dirty footprints no doubt. On the left wall, children’s color crayon drawings are pinned up. There are at least a dozen. All depict Jesus on the cross, little scribbles of red on the hands and feet of their versions of Him. On the right wall, there’s something eerily familiar. The chill deeper in my bones than before. A side profile portrait of Jesus: long wavy hair, a thin face and groomed beard, a white robe. I remember we had one of these same pictures when I was little. A huge, framed picture in the entryway. You’d of thought He was contained within it the way Blue Denim revered it.
Since I expect her influence to be here, I’m starting to see hints of her everywhere. The red on the kids’ pictures—RED MEANS DEAD! The same portrait on the wall as in her entryway. The chill that seems like it is a permanent part of me now. This is what insanity is. If you convince yourself of something, you see it everywhere and in everything. I close my eyes, taking a deep breath. The familiar thuds of panic are somewhere deep inside, like a drum in a cave. It isn’t reaching me but the threat is there…
Up ahead, gray cloth foldable chairs are arranged in a circle. I can also see the table with coffee and doughnuts beyond them. I’m going to an AA meeting by the looks of it. Maybe that’s all this is meant to be. Not real therapy from “professionals” but a place where traumatized people can talk about their past without fear of a loved one’s expectations getting in the way.
Since I’ve stopped walking, other people have passed me and are already helping themselves to the snack table—it’ll be plain cake doughnuts for me… There’s two women and three men. There are only eight chairs arranged in the circle. It won’t be a big gathering by the looks of it. I don’t imagine this church ever has big gatherings. It’s the size of a shoebox. The room where everyone is gathering is empty except the chairs put out for us. To my left, there are dozens more gray foldable chairs on racks pushed against the wall. Big black speakers are suspended from the ceiling directly in front of them. This must be their main hall. It might fit fifty people if those people don’t have a problem with sweating. Just like Sheen, it’s a small place. And the smallest places often hide the darkest things. If Blue Denim is actually part of this place, it would make sense. It’s much like a small town already. If she’s here, it turns out that even in moving to Eden, she found her Sheen again…
Imagining Brooke here is hard. It isn’t the kind of place she fits. Not exactly a high maintenance person, she also isn’t exactly someone that likes to sweat in small spaces around lots of people. If she were to attend a church of her own choosing, it would be one of those modern ones, where the air conditioner works, the music is up to date pop, and a coffee shop is included somewhere on campus. Brooke and The Promised Land don’t make sense. And it makes me question all the more if I truly know who my wife is anymore. She said it wasn’t the building but the sign that brought her inside. Even coming to this building is not within her character… even being on this side of town is not within her character. Everything about it makes her feel more like a stranger, whether it was a divine appointment or not.
One more man passes by me, the others already eating their donuts, their name tag stickers in place. They chat like old friends, one of the women laughing politely behind her styrofoam coffee cup, the man leading the chat clean shaven and looking charismatic as a politician.
“We’re about to start.” The kid from the door passes me now. “There’s still time to get a donut if you want. And you won’t forget that name tag, right, bud?” Did he just click his tongue and wink at me? Where am I that this ultra-politeness is genuine? The kid seems to truly want to be welcoming, it now clear that he’s leading the whole thing. Even for it being free, professionalism went out the window a long time ago. This is a joke.

Everyone is sitting down now, styrofoam coffee cups on the floor and a few lone donut-free napkins. My name tag is on, my name a quick scribble.
“I want everyone to be comfortable here.” The kid is seated directly across from me, on the other side of the circle. “Everybody has trauma of some kind. Very few want to be honest about it. They would rather let it eat away at them. But, just talking about it with someone can help. So, to kind of kick things off, I’ll start.” He clears his throat as he repositions himself. “My name is Justin, for those who are new to our little church body.” He smiles, looking directly at me. “My parents divorced when I was a little kid. We were kicked out of our church because of it. Mom won full custody of me, dad leaving for greener pastures after being accused of domestic abuse. I don’t really remember if he hit my mom or not. And I haven’t heard from him much since. Ya know, other than a birthday card here or a Christmas card there. Um, anyway, we found The Promised Land and it’s been a safe place.” He looks lost in his retelling as if he’s back in it again. When his eyes see mine, he closes them. When they open his demeanor is light hearted once again. “I think we should just go around the room and introduce ourselves and just touch on our trauma. It might get kind of messy in here, but, hey, Jesus can handle the mess.” He smiles for everything, a self-help speaker in the making.
The woman to his left has wavy black hair and ten pounds of makeup on her face. “I’m Tina. I’ve dealt with self-esteem issues for most of my life. My mom had a stroke when I was thirteen or fourteen—I can’t remember the exact age. Um, yeah, she had a stroke and she recovered, but not without pretty noticeable damage. One side of her face didn’t work the same. She felt ugly, ya know, just hated what she saw in the mirror now. And my dad, he didn’t really like how she looked anymore either.” Her heavy makeup is starting to streak as tears follow one after the other. “As I started to enter puberty, she’d say, “How can you leave the house looking like that?” or “Are you even trying to look nice today?” I let it roll off my back best I could… but she just got meaner, started calling me ugly and undesirable… deformed. She offered to show me how to do makeup, to cover up the things no man would want to see. I went with it. And I found that it made her nicer. It made her love me for me again.” The lone napkin that came with the donut is now smeared with mascara as she continues to dab her leaking eyes. “That’s all I can do for now, J-Justin.”
Justin nods his head. “It’s okay. I really think your mom was just projecting her own insecurities onto you. What hurts the most is that the reasons why they hurt us don’t matter. The damage is already done. Please take these next words, not as something inappropriate, but as truth. You. Are. Beautiful.” His smile is more genuine than before. It gives him joy to give joy to others. I don’t see a monster. I really hope he isn’t. I really hope it’s all a coincidence and Blue Denim has never been in Eden. I’d rather she stay a nightmare in the past.
Tina smiles toward Justin, her tears now sniffles. “Thanks, Justin.”
“No thanks required.” another smile and then he gestures to the next person, the man who looks charismatic as a politician.
“My name is Brad. My mom died a few years ago. I’ve been working through it pretty well. Sometimes though, it’s pretty hard. I hate how people expect you to move on, you know? They give you a count. ‘It’s been so and so months or years since she died, shouldn’t you be okay?’ And I am for the most part. Just sometimes still sad. And sometimes feel like a stranger in my life, ‘cause everything’s kinda different now. I don’t know. It’s just nice to talk with some people that understand.” A deeper story than I expected from the charismatic man named Brad.
“That’s what these five nights are for, Brad.” Justin affirms. “Thanks for sharing.” He nods at the woman next to me.
Her hair is bright red, her face pale and makeup free. “My name is Erin. My older brother killed himself last year. He left me a note that just said SORRY. He got back from the war. It changed him. It feels like it had removed his heart or something. He would just stare off into the distance. He would just go back over there again and again. Nothing we could do could keep him present with us. He tried medication. That changed him even worse, made him have these outbursts of rage. I think it brought everything he buried to the surface. And he just wasn’t able to handle that anymore.” She pauses. “I’m still in that fog, I think. I take each step unable to see what’s ahead. It hasn’t even been a year. And like Brad was talking about, that clock they put on you. I don’t think I’ve even begun to process it all. I don’t know when I will. It’s day to day right now, step after step, I guess. Um, thanks for listening.”
All eyes fall on me, the thudding of the panic drum getting louder as I search for the words. I’ve already been naked tonight and it didn’t go over very well. Where do I even begin? Mine is a new found trauma, something unfamiliar that I still don’t know how to put into words.
“It doesn’t have to be a lot.” Justin reassures. “Just let us know a little about you and your story.”
I nod my head as a response. “Okay. Um, my name is Eric.” I pause. It isn’t that the words aren’t there now, I just don’t know how much to tell. Brooke only understood the monsters because she’s been haunted too. These people won’t understand. “‘Only Jesus can save you from the monsters in the dark.’” If that sounds familiar to you, it’s because it is. A near identical variation is on your sign out front. It says ‘devils’ instead of ‘monsters’. It was this sign that brought my wife to the church. And it’s this sign that has me here now. When I was four years old, my mom told me this as she tied me up in a chair in our basement. She had killed my two cats and used their blood to draw a pentagram to surround me. And then, she summoned monsters—devils. ‘Call to Jesus or they’ll take you away,’ she told me. She left me down there alone for a long time, just a cross hanging above my head. Surrounded by monsters, left to cry out that Name in desperation over and over again.” I’m not sure when my eyes closed. But now that they’re open again, Justin’s eyes seem lost. He’s looking at me and past me all at once. His eyes aren’t just wide, they’re bulging. And his once steady hand is now trembling. Many of the other people’s eyes are wide; his are different.
“Who’s this person?” he asks, now looking down at the ground. His voice shaky and small.
“I don’t know her very well. She abandoned me when I was four, left me alone in a parking lot in the middle of the night. I’ve grown up with adopted parents.”
Justin looks at me, his eyes childish and scared. He closes them and when he opens them again, the fear is gone. Oh, the masks we wear.
“I apologize everyone. Something’s come to my attention that I need to discuss with Eric. It won’t take long. Treat yourself. There’s still plenty of donuts.”
“Is everything okay?” a woman with the name STEPH scribbled on her name tag asks, the sixth in the circle of eight.
“Yes. I just need to discuss some of the church policies with him, with him being new and all.”
“Okay.” She accepts that answer or just doesn’t care to pry anymore. I can’t really tell which it is.
He stands up and gestures me to follow. We quickly leave the same way we came in, stepping out into the cold air again. It’s still dusk but the light is fading quickly.
“Do you remember her name?” he asks quietly, stepping away from the door.
“I don’t. I started to remember these things just today. Her husband went by the name The Assassin. Bill—
“Reiser?” he finishes.
I just nod my head, the heavy thud getting louder by the moment.
“You weren’t the last, Eric. I think you were just the beginning.”
There’s a pit where my stomach was. I was her guinea pig. “You had the same thing happen to you?”
He nods his head. “Not the same as you. More refined than yours was. More practiced. After my mom and dad divorced, I had a rough go at it for a while. Mrs. Reiser was my Sunday school teacher. She had been at the church for years, I think, by the time I came. Sometimes I would be disruptive or make fun of the lessons she was teaching. I was just a hurt kid, ya know? Acting out cause everything else was kind of falling apart. And, she would always talk about this need for correction. She would threaten us in a quiet kind of way, a ‘straighten up or I’ll do it for you’ kind of way. The kids that came before us never acted out around her. Adults saw it as respect; I never understood why until she brought me to The Hell Room. After that, I never talked out of turn around her. She only did it to me once. It was the worst thirty minutes of my life.”
“How do you know how long it was?” I can’t begin to remember the amount of time I was down there.
“There’s a clock in the room.”
“Why not ever tell anyone, Justin? Why has she been able to do this for all these years?” There’s no excuse for this.
“One. There’s no proof.” He starts to count on his fingers. “Two. She threatens to leave us in that room without the cross to protect us. Three. She is respected and a head member of the church. Four. Nobody knows where the room is. Five. It happens to kids. Kids are never listened to over adults. Never. Si—”
“But you’re an adult now! And it’s still happening?! How are you not guilty if you know she’s still doing it and don’t do anything to stop her?!”
“What do you want me to do, Eric?! She could still leave me in there to be killed. How she got me there the first time was with red kool aide. I was staying late for detention with her after church was over, I think I was nine at the time. She brought me the drink. I drank it and woke up in that room. What happened to you was a rough draft. She has the cross suspended above a metal chair with wire. The chair’s bolted to the floor. And she doesn’t just use animal blood. She used mine too. Poked my finger with a needle, took the drop onto her finger, and called upon the darkness as she wiped my blood outside the pentagram. It ensures that the demons will know your scent. They follow me now. Not in a physical form like I saw there but their eyes are always watching me. The threat of Hell is always with me. She made sure of that.” He’s shaking his head as he looks out toward the street. “I’m not sure what you’re hoping to accomplish, Eric. This has been happening for many years. Maybe a constant reminder of Hell isn’t the worst thing. It at least keeps me close to Jesus.”
“No. It needs to end. Any information you can give me will help. I will stop this. I have to.”
“… They live on this block. On this side of the street, three houses down.” He points to his left. “She doesn’t do any of it there. I would know. After it happened, I tried to figure out where The Hell Room was. I was just a nine year old stupidly poking around. There’s no storm cellar on the property. And her basement is tiny. Wherever it is, it isn’t around here.”
“When she took you to the room, was there anything you remember? Did she drive you somewhere?”
“It’s a blur. If she did, I was probably in shock anyway. Your only lead is their house. But be careful. If she catches you, you’ll end up in that room.”
“I’ll take my chances. She has to be nearly eighty by now.”
“She has her ways, Eric. Even now. Don’t make the mistake of thinking she’s weak. It goes deeper than her. I’m sure of it.”
“Who would follow her?”
He shrugs. “I don’t know. Her reasoning makes sense on a certain level. Show us the dark so we seek the light, keep us in line because we fear what will happen if we don’t. It works. It’s kept me from falling many times.”
“Yeah but for all the wrong reasons.” He’s just like me, finding the scraps of good from a terrible situation and holding onto them tight. I think only kids are capable of doing this. In those early years, we are eternal optimists. And then we grow up and everything changes. The rose tinted glasses are removed. The film of innocence is pulled from our eyes and we see things for what they truly are.
“Yeah. She puts up a fence, I guess. Decides that she should give us borders to stay within.” He looks back toward the church that we’ve now walked a few steps away from. “I need to get back in there, Eric.”
“Don’t you want to help me end this once and for all?” Sure he’s a kid, but he understands more than anyone else. He’s been where I’ve been. He knows the pain that comes with it. And though he isn’t as bitter toward her, I can still see the pain in his eyes. We’re the same in some strange way. We’re both branded for life. Only those who have experienced The Hell Room can understand what it means to try to live with it.
“… What would I tell them?” He steps back toward the door, looking in the small glass window at the top.
“‘Something came up and I need to go. Enjoy the donuts and I’ll make it up to you tomorrow.’ Or something like that.” I laugh slightly.
“Yeah… I don’t know, Eric.”
“Do you know if she’s home?”
“I don’t. I try to stay as far away from her as possible.”
“So, if I’m reading between the lines correctly, you’re saying I’m on my own?”
He just nods his head. “Not something I want to revisit tonight. Some lines just shouldn’t be crossed again.”
How can you call yourself a man when you could put an end to it but choose not to? You’re pathetic, a damn dog with its tail stuck between its legs! You’re scared? I’m terrified! But I’m doing what needs to be done! I’m going to cut the head off this thing once and for all. No more kids will be hurt!
”Sorry, man.”
I don’t say anything more to him, taking longer steps away from the church. This is why nothing changes. Children who are hurt take the scraps they can gather and hold onto them tight, finding reasons why being hurt was okay. Justin is just a victim but he’s also guilty in some way of everyone who’s been hurt since it happened to him. Choosing to look the other way is just as bad as participating, kid. And you’re guilty of more than you think…

The only light between here and their house is a flickering streetlight. A nice touch of atmosphere on a night where the monsters seem to fill the darkness. A flickering light is tantamount to a narrow alleyway in a bad neighborhood: you don’t know exactly what you’ll find down it but you know it’s nothing good. And your body responds with shots of adrenaline as it prepares for the unknown.
So much of today has been me poorly trying to prepare for bad things. Every answer’s led to another question. Though none of it feels endless. I’m nearing the end of the track. Once I reach the end, it may just be a world of darkness waiting on the other side. The idea of the beach keeps me going. The idea of better days. Hope for the sun helps me navigate these dark places. If that’s God in some way—I think so many things from today have been placed here by that absentee Parent. How He let it happen to me is one thing; how He’s let the same thing happen to countless children for all these years… no answer He could ever give is justifiable.
In many ways I feel like a tool being used haphazardly. If I’m the brand of justice meant to finally stop Blue Denim, He needs to go back to the drawing board. Poetic that the boy who started it gets to finish it, sure. Still, the question remains. What will the cost be for me? How dark does it go? And will that darkness destroy me in the quiet kind of way that darkness destroys an addict? Will I slowly become a stranger to my family and leave them with nothing but bad memories after I willingly check out? As I think about it, I imagine how easy it would be. A handful of pills, a shot or two of Jack Daniels—
“I hate that I have to come to You, God.” I say it out loud, a foolish man through and through. “But I know You’ve led me here. Let me return to my family a better man. Don’t let this destroy me.” It’s a prayer I don’t want to have to say. But, I am a prisoner to too much knowledge. A man on the front line of a war says a prayer because it’s the only thing he can do. Once both sides start firing, he knows the only certain thing is how uncertain everything is. He prays because he wants to come home; and I pray because I want to come home, not as just a shell of a man, but a better man than when I left B, Fi, and Mitchy.
My steps have taken me past two houses and to the edge of the third. It’s a white house, built nearly identical to the neighbors on both sides. The only difference is the color. The neighbor on this side is dark red; the neighbor up ahead is mint green. She’s learned to blend in with everyone else.
There are no cars in the driveway and the house looks dark. I fight the fear telling me to run away and take a long step onto her driveway. It ends tonight, no matter the cost. 
Long steps bring me to the side door. I open the storm door with a creak and turn the handle to the main door. It opens. The heavy thudding of panic builds again, the flashlight on my phone sending a wide cast down the basement stairs—I see the shape of the cloaked monster looming at the bottom. Is it just my mind playing tricks? I take a breath while stepping in. The shape shifts as my perspective changes: it’s a dark shirt hanging on the wall downstairs. To the left, two steps up lead into the kitchen. I take quiet steps but they feel loud, the house responding to my intruding with creaks and squeaks after nearly every one of my steps.
The battery on my phone is getting low, the little icon flashing red in the top right corner of my screen. My flashlight might last another five minutes…
I step up into the kitchen, the familiar smell of urine meeting me with a wet punch. It isn’t as sour as it was in the house in Sheen. Despite being newer, it’s distinctly the same smell.
I keep the triangular cast of light near the floor, the tiles old brown floral patterns. The fridge is purring quietly to my right. I cup the cast of light and then let it out on the front of the fridge. There’s little pieces of paper with uplifting bible verses and bright cross magnets holding it all up. Near the top of the fridge, I see a magnet that says AS FOR ME AND MY HOUSE, WE WILL SERVE THE LORD. It’s holding up a picture.
My heart begins to beat at a panicked rate, electrified numbness spreading through the entirety of me. I’ve had the answer this whole time. The picture is an old thing cropped to fit in a handmade purple paper frame, sloppy black permanent marker letters saying BROTHERLY LOVE!. It’s Bill “The Assassin” Reiser in his wheelchair and Phil from Gas & Snacks kneeling down next to him. Neither are smiling at the camera. Bill and Phil. Brothers.
He’s part of this somehow. He gave me their address today. He must’ve known I wouldn’t find anything there. But there’s no way he could’ve known that my childhood house would lead me here. The tracks brought me here and now they’re leading me back to where I started my search. More often than not it seems the answers are obvious. They’re rarely buried beneath anything. They’re usually hidden in plain sight, just like this monster’s house blending in with the rest. She’s confident in what she’s doing because she’s been allowed to do it for years. Even when someone knows, they don’t say anything. Their fear is too great, an all-consuming threat that keeps them in line even when they’re well out of her reach. Justin, probably just one of many victims who won’t step against her. I’m alone in this. Many have been hurt by her since but I’m the one that has to stop her. I’m the only one willing to face the fear.
My phone vibrates, the flashlight shutting off. The battery is critically low. The house is now covered in a blinding darkness. It’s only the last hints of light through the kitchen window that give me a path to the door. I take heavy, clunky steps to leave, nearly tripping down the two stairs. In no time, I’m outside. The exit was loud and disruptive, the storm door slamming against the side of the house, the stopper chain missing. I can only hope no one sees me. I can’t get caught breaking and entering. Not when I’m this close…
I push the storm door closed, my feet taking me off the property before I even know what’s happening. It’s 6:22 p.m. according to my dying phone. If I hurry, I can be at Gas & Snacks only minutes after 7:00. Phil has some questions to answer…
I run back toward the church, my steps echoing off of a dark, hollow sky. Frida is alone in her parking spot, the other cars gathered together in a different place entirely. No matter how fast my feet go, it doesn’t seem fast enough. There’s an internal clock ticking away and I can’t match the speed. I reach Frida’s trunk, the church sign to the left giving off just enough light to cover the driver side windows with an illuminated reflection.
Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick…
I open the driver side door. I must have forgotten to lock it. Since starting this search a lot has slipped past that I usually catch. This is just another in a long line…
I sit in the seat, grabbing the white charger cord and plugging my phone in. 1% remaining. Just in the nick of time. I fumble with my keys, finding the ignition after a few unsuccessful jabs. A turn of the key and Frida comes to life. I grab for my seatbelt, pulling the strap across my body and clicki—
A sharp, pulsing pain in my neck.
“Your suggestion worked perfectly, Eric.” Justin’s sitting in the back seat, a needle in his hand. “The group bought it hook, line, and sinker. You might want to move over while you still can. I’ll get us where we need to go.”
“Wa-why a-a-are you he-he-helping her?” It’s hard to talk. It’s hard to think coherent anything.
“The Fence Builder? She’s more of a mom than my own. She gave me boundaries. She cares about my eternity. She’s given me purpose.”
My head moves slow. I blink slow too. My thinking fades. My eyes close. Darkness and loud thudding my only reali—
Chapter 7
My eyes open to bright tube lights above me. I blink hard, a loud drum pounding behind my eyes. I feel weak and sick to my stomach. The air is cold like I’m outside but it feels more contained than that. My hands are each cuffed to the handle of a wheelchair. There’s hints of urine. It’s The Assassin’s wheelchair. The smell is distinct and makes my insides shrivel.
“You’ve never learned your lesson, Eric.” The voice sends an immediate chill into me. It’s familiar in the worst way. Old Blue Denim herself, a voice that doesn’t sound any older than it did when I was four. “But God in all His goodness has given you another chance to repent. He’s led you back to us. You can still make things right before it’s too late.”
I hear the buzzing of the lights overhead. I try to take a deep breath only to find my lungs struggling to catch a breath. It feels like they’ve shrunk, unable to hold anything more than tiny bits of air at a time.
“Is that why you abandoned me?” I still can’t see her anywhere but her voice came from close by. Other than the lights above me giving light, there’s only darkness.
“I didn’t abandon you. I gave you into The Father’s hands. He’s far more capable of steering you than I am. I did all I could. And it wasn’t enough. I had to get rid of you. You drove me to create that room to begin with. If you had only obeyed. If you had only been a good boy. Heaven is too important for me to lose. I have come too far. I have created many God fearing men and women with my years. He understands the cost. And He is pleased with me.” I hear soft footsteps now along with the sound of dragging plastic. She comes into my view, stepping from the darkness in front of me. She’s not the heavy thing I remember but much thinner, her skin now a loose fitting shirt that hangs low in all the wrong places. Fittingly she is wearing something that looks like blue denim, a baggy sky blue button up shirt with dark blue stretch pants. She uses a walker now, her once salt-and-pepper curls now white and thin. She looks much older than eighty, the world’s oldest living woman it would seem.
“Age hasn’t been kind to you.”
“It isn’t just age.” She seems so frail. Is that why Phil looked so old too? You can’t get this close to the darkness without being changed by it? “It’s the cost of my calling. What I’ve sacrificed—” She doesn’t finish, just shaking her head as she looks at me. “Fear is the most powerful fence in the world. Nobody listens to the message of God’s love. But, fear. Fear sticks with you. I have been waiting for years for the answer to salvation. For that deed that would finally tip the scales. And He brought me you. When I was told you came by Gas & Snacks today, a light turned on. I know exactly what I need to do.”
I look around, the room something like a big meat locker that no longer works. “Why am I in this wheelchair? The Assassin’s right?”
She nods her head. “You’ll understand before it’s all said and done.”
I acknowledge the vague answer. “Did you know I lived in Eden?”
“I had no idea. But He knew.” She points up. “He knows everything. He has seen my every sacrifice and every child that has come to His light because of me. You’ve always been my failure, Eric. And I can only thank Jesus that He has given me the chance to rectify my mistakes. You will know His light. Jesus Christ as my witness, you will know His light.”
“I’m not a child anymore. You have no control over me now.” I wish it were true. In reality, she still has so much control over me. I’m still that four year old boy, back in her possession. And she plans on finishing what she started.
“That may be. But—” She leans on her walker, her thin body weighed down by the heavy excess skin. “You have always been strong willed. I couldn’t break it no matter how hard I tried. The rod of punishment did very little. Even leaving you in a room of demons—you rebelled still when I brought you back upstairs. Hell is in you, Eric. It’s a persistent and spreading darkness. Only the light of Christ will set you free. I love you, my child. You have to understand I did everything out of love.”
I don’t even know what to say. She’s convincing in her own way, her kind eyes a way to detract from the monster she is. She believes everything she says. And that’s a kind of danger you can’t argue with. “How many are like Justin? How many follow you blindly?”
“There’s no blindness in it. Justin sees clearly. He believes in this divine vision because he understands what matters in this life. One thing and one thing only: SALVATION! Does The Hell Room hurt them? Yes, for a time. But God says if you spare the rod you hate your child. They are all mine to spiritually steer. They all have been changed by His light because of what they saw in the dark! A child touches a stove to learn the pain of being burned and then they never touch it again. The pain steers. It guides. Fear is the same. You shouldn’t be able to look into the dark without seeing the very real demons that inhabit it. If you know what’s in the dark, you live your life staying in the light.”
“Why his wheelchair?” I ask again, the question sitting with me like a heavy weight. She never does anything without a reason. The silence of this room is suffocating. I’m completely separated from the outside world. The fear from that is starting to crawl on me like a bug.
“Sometimes we get hurt in this life in a way that we can’t come back from. After years of fighting it, Bill lost. He took his own life and in doing so, he committed the greatest sin. Suicide sends you to Hell automatically. My Bi-Bill is in Hell.” She pauses as she wipes a forming tear. “But, God is just and fair. A balancing of the scales is required. What must I do to pull him from Hell back into the light? It’s so simple. I must rectify my mistake. I must make things right.”
“What do you mean by that?” The fear crawling up me already knows.
“You are from my blood, Eric. And your soul is currently lost to the darkness. I tried to separate myself from you but my blood is in you and what you do has an eternal effect on me. The bible says we are judged by our fruits. I am a tree and you are a rotten apple that hangs off of me, a very stubborn man who denies the light of Christ and in doing so damns your bloodline. You will not be the reason Bill burns for eternity. And you will not be the reason I am eternally separated from my partner.”
“You can burn with him. You don’t deserve salvation! You deserve to be eaten by the very monsters you left me alone with! How long did you leave me down there screaming?!”
“… Three days. The same as Jesus in the tomb.”
I can only shake my head as the rest of me twitches with rage. If I weren’t strapped to this chair, I’d strangle the life from her. I’d watch those kind eyes fade until terror filled them as she realizes her final destination.
“You can’t make me do anything.”
“What position do you think you’re in to say no? I have the power here.”
“No. You don’t.”
“1218 First Ave North.” She just said my address. It feels like drops of antifreeze hit my skin, sending ice deep into my bones. “I have what you don’t. Leverage. Justin will do what I tell him to. I will do anything to make things right. Anything to save Bill from damnation.”
“Even if it means hurting my family?”
She nods her head. “You will do what I say or lose all that you have.” I never considered this would put them in danger. Now that it has, I miss the days when I knew none of it. I just had to pull down the curtain. I just had to keep searching, convincing myself it would bring better days. Now, I could lose them entirely. Blue Denim will do anything to get what she wants.
“… Okay. What do you need me to do?” Once again, I’m a child bending to her will. I have no choice. B, Fi, and Mitchy are all that matter.
A satisfactory smile rests across her wrinkled, bulldog cheeks. “Repent. Be filled with His light.”
“That’s it?”
“That’s everything.” She interjects, the walker looking almost like a pulpit she’s resting on.
“Do you want me to just follow along with you?”
“You’re finally starting to get it.” She lets out a sigh of relief, a sickening sound of satisfaction. “Repeat after me, with contrition. ‘Lord. I know your Holy criteria is perfection. I have been lawless and blind, willingly living in darkness. But I make a choice right now. I accept the access Your dying on the cross has given me. I receive Your light.’
I repeat the words clearly. As they come from my lips, the smile on hers grows. And once I reach the end, she closes her eyes, lifting her head up as if basking in a Holy rain.
“The Reiser bloodline is clean once again.” She spreads her arms out in a Christ-like manner. “I must do this while the light is still with you, while your blood is still clean.”
That little bug of fear has become a colony, now crawling over every inch of me. I don’t want to ask what she means because I think I’ve known ever since waking up to find I was handcuffed to The Assassin’s wheelchair. She’s going to sacrifice me. She’s going to use my “clean” blood to pull his soul from Hell.
“Will my family be safe?”
“They are part of The Promised Land. No place is safer. I will make sure your children make it to Heaven. You have my word. I will keep them in the light.”
The idea of her anywhere near them makes me fill with molten rage. I can’t say anything no matter how much I want to violently scream. She still has Justin at the ready. I can’t let this happen! I will not leave them in her possession to be ruined like I was—or… a far worse idea: for them to brainwashed by her madness. I imagine Fi in her late teens or early twenties, just another lost person blindly following this monster because fear of going back in that Room makes them justify the reasons for it…
There’s the sound of static, her having pulled a small yellow and black walkie-talkie from her front pocket. “Phil. Everything is in order. Come as quickly as possible.”
“On my way,” I hear his crackled voice, same as today. I can’t believe that where I started my search was always the place I was looking for. I was given the answer in my first dream, all the guilty already included in the scene. “We do this right and Bill gets to Heaven tonight?”
Static as she pushes to respond. “He will be walking the fields of Heaven as soon as the propitiation is complete. Only a few steps and He will finally be at peace.” I still can’t understand how she can talk as if it were a grocery list. “A few steps” that involve bleeding me out and doing some kind of ritual with my fresh blood.
I hear a door open somewhere in the darkness, heavy footsteps getting louder with every passing second. I close my eyes, thinking about when I last said goodbye to my family. If only I had known it was the last time I was going to see them, I would have done so much more. I would have told B how much I love her and how much I want to make things work. I would have given Fi lasting words to hold onto even with me gone from her life; and Mitchy, I would have hugged him tighter and longer, hoping his one memory of me—if he can even hold memories yet—was the warmth of daddy’s final hug.
“Open your eyes, Eric.” Her command sounds just like when I was four. No pinch to my skin this time but the tone is the same. “I want you to understand why.”
I open my eyes and look at her. “I don’t want to understand why.”
“Please.” Even her asking sounds like a command. “I never do anything without giving the reason for it. You need to understand that what I’m doing is saving your soul. You are filled with His light right now and I must sacrifice you before the darkness gets back in and disqualifies you. Do you understand?”
I give one single nod of the head. She’s set in her ways, believes what she believes with every part of her warped mind. I won’t argue. I could beg and plead for her to let me go, but in her mind I am the key to The Assassin’s salvation. She wouldn’t let me go for anything.
I can see Phil out of my periphery, a long blade in his hands. He looks even thinner than before, his fitted striped button up now looking big on him. The colony of fear on my skin starts to pinch and bite. My body kicks into some kind of survival mode, adrenaline coursing through my veins. Desperation is filling me. I’m no longer reserved to my fate. I will do anything to live. I will do anything to go back to my family again.
I tilt my head up toward the lights. Jesus. Save me. A whisper in my mind. You’d think I’d learn.
I can hear Phil muttering amongst himself, his steps sounding hesitant.
“Think about Bill.” Blue Denim reminds him. “We need to do this to save your brother.”
“I understand. It’s just the reality of it. This one’s still your boy—Bill’s boy.”
“I don’t want to do this. I have to do this! Don’t you understand?! We’ve been waiting for this since Bill died. We’ve been waiting for the answer to rectify his egregious sin. God brought Eric back to us, just like he brought a ram to be caught in the brush so Abraham didn’t have to sacrifice Isaac. We have been obedient up until now. Don’t let the darkness in now, Phil.”
I look at the surrounding darkness, Blue Denim at the edge of the cast of light, the darkness thick and full behind her.
Phil has taken a few more steps, now right behind me. I don’t see the knife he’s holding but it has to be close.
“Place the blade on his throat. One quick pull of the wrist and it will be done. I’ll take care of the rest.”
I see him nod his head, the blade long and sharp as he brings it up from his side. The bugs of fear are burrowing into my skin. The adrenaline is urging me to thrash and fight. But I’m calm, an assurance I can’t quite explain sitting alongside me. It’s going to be okay. I don’t know how I know it but it is.
I can feel his hand shaking, the knife now doing the same.
“What did you do when Bill died?” she asks, looking at him. “You were overcome with sadness, started drinking even more than usual. I have been holding us both up for over four years. I ask for one thing now. And you can’t do it?! You weak, spineless, pathetic man!”
He drops the blade back down to his side and backs away. “No. I won’t do it. Bill wouldn’t want this, Pam. You want this.”
She just shakes her head, the weight of her hanging skin pushing down on the walker. “Fine. I’ll do it then.”
“… Why didn’t you do it before? Why did it have to be me?” I can almost hear the gears turning in his head. “What would happen to my soul, Pam? If I killed this boy, m-my nephew? Bill goes up, I know. Do I go down? That was the plan all along, wasn’t it? His soul for mine! Murder is sin deserving of damnation. This is why you wanted me to do it!”
She nods her head like a broken bobble head. A slow clap, her elbows still slightly propped on her walker. “I don’t know that for sure. But, better you than me. I’ve put in the work! You just provided me a place to do it! You haven’t suffered nearly as much as I have. You don’t deserve the reward!”
“This is done, Pam. The Hell Room. Everything. I’m pulling the plug. I’m calling the cops. And I’m gonna tell ‘em the whole story.”
She shakes her head. “If you do this, you’ll go down with me too.”
“Wonderful. Maybe I’ll finally be able to sleep.” He steps away from me, the sound of his footsteps fading into the dark. With the sound of a loud click, lights begin to turn on, revealing the size of the room. It’s a long, narrow, musty place. Old wood on every side. A room that looks like it’s been renovated for one purpose. There are three fluorescent tube light fixtures suspended from the ceiling by chains. They still look fairly new in comparison to the rest looking like a cellar. Just feet behind Blue Denim is a metal door with a cross scratched into it. It’s an old walk in freezer as far as I can tell.
“What are you doing, Phil?” She looks around, the light making her skin look even paler than before.
“I’m ending this.” He takes heavy steps back this way, stepping past me and grabbing her arm.
She lets out a painful moan, the sound of cracks coming from her old frame. He pulls her arm and she falls to the ground, her walker tipping over as she tries to use it to keep herself standing.
“What is this?!” she screams as he pulls her toward the door, her wrist looking brittle even in his thin hands.
“An experiment, Pam! You claim to be filled with God’s light. If you can survive The Hell Room without a cross to keep you safe—if you can prove that you have been doing God’s work all these years, I won’t turn you in. Which reminds me. Do you have your cross on you? I don’t think you do. You weren’t planning on going into The Hell Room tonight.”
Fear fills her eyes as he reaches the handle. “You don’t have to do this.” She now pleads. “It’s the darkness getting in you, Phil. Don’t listen to it.”
“I have a theory.” He lifts his knife up and slices it across her palm, red immediately pooling. She cries out in pain and shock. “I don’t think the light has ever been in you.” He pulls the handle open with a loud pop, forcing her into the room, her wrist cracking as she tries to twist her arm away. Another loud scream.
The cold coming from behind the door is different than the cold out here, a suffocating cold, a cold that tells me we’re at the edge of a different place entirely. It isn’t the cold that comes from a working freezer. The door’s open enough that I see the chair from here, the wire that keeps the cross suspended and the dim light that’s in the center. The pentagram is old blood that almost looks black. The cross in the center of the room is many feet from the entrance.
He drops the bloody knife in with her, a different but similar version of what she does to each child. “If you live, I’ll know God is with you.” He closes the door, her moans and screams almost muffled completely now that it’s sealed.
Phil turns toward me, his hands blood stained. A soft thud hits against the door. And then a second. And a third. And now one faint scream.
“No light in her.” He wipes under his nose with the back of his hand.
“What changed?” They were turned against each other last minute. He was with her when he walked in, hesitant, but with her still. And he was going to kill me. And then I prayed…
“Let’s just say I finally saw things for what they were. A light bulb turned on or something.” He wipes his red stained hands on his pants, pulling out a pack of cigarettes and handcuff keys. He steps over to me, the unlit cigarette now perched on his lip. He unlocks one of my cuffs then lets me do the other. “I’m gonna enjoy one final smoke while I’m still a free man.”
“You’re still gonna turn yourself in?” I misjudged him.
He nods as he lights it, taking a long, euphoric drag. “I’m finally free from that woman. Prison sounds nice in comparison.” A nose laugh.
“I need to make sure I’m free of her.” As I say it, I think about my family. And now I think about Justin. She said he was on standby, and at her word he would do what she told him to. Is he waiting to hurt them?
“How did she contact Justin? Do you know?”
He shakes his head, the smoke clouding around him. “Probably her cell phone.” He gestures toward the closed door.
I stand up, my legs like noodles, my body still affected by whatever Justin had in that needle. I step toward the door. My fear is different now. It’s all for my family. A few more steps and I’m at the handle, the cross on the door etched in with long, shallow scratches. I grab the same handle, Phil’s bloody fingerprints already tacky. My heart starts beating. The same creatures that were trying to break through the basement door are waiting on the other side of this door too. Large mouths waiting to feed…
I open it, the same pop of sound is followed by a hiss of air being let out. It opens slowly, a puddle of fresh blood starting to leak toward us. Red means dead…
I hook my head around the small opening, terror spilling down me in heavy waves. The blood is everywhere. There’s no sign of Blue Denim anywhere. Just her phone at the entrance. The screen is face up, cracked in little webs all across the surface. Her text message screen is open. She sent Justin something before being devoured: 40 DAYS
”40 days? What do you think that means?”
“It means ‘run’. We had ways to communicate if anything went wrong. When he gets it, he should respond with ‘40 NIGHTS’.”
“So my family’s safe?” My fear is in so many places right now. I’m a man split apart in all directions. I just need to know they’re safe.
“Has he said anything back?”
“No. Not that I saw. What does—”
The sound of a phone vibrating on cement interrupts me. I peak back in. He messaged back 40 NIGHTS.
“40 NIGHTS?” Phil asks, now on his second cigarette of a mostly full pack.
“Yeah.”
“They should be fine then. Just so you know though, 40 NIGHTS means he’ll continue her work. She’s dead but her vision is still out there and growing.”
I close the door, pulling the handle out and pressing down hard until the click confirms the seal. I take steps back toward him. “… I’m not really surprised.” It does leave me with a sick pit in my stomach, but there’s nothing I can do about it. “You cut off the head tonight. More will probably pop up but none can be as bad as her. Right?”
“I don’t know. She had a talent for spreading her poison. She convinced me of it. She knows exactly how to make the kids believe it. She—”
“I can’t worry about that tonight, Phil. I just need to speak to my family. That code word isn’t enough. I need to hear my wife’s voice.”
He tosses me his old flip phone, a chipped and solid blue relic. I had one of these when I was a teenager. “Make sure they’re safe. It’s the least I can do for you.”
I give a slight smile and a nod of the head.
With Blue Denim nothing but a horrible mess of red now sealed in the room she created, I feel a real sense of closure. And what I didn’t expect most is my desire to meet B on her same road. Phil connecting the pieces before running a blade across my throat, Blue Denim’s phone being available at the entrance and the timely text to let me know my family is safe—yes, it could all be seen as coincidence. But I only see those invisible fingers having finally placed the pieces in their correct places.
I still don’t know where to start again with Him. Our history is one of deep scars and abandonment. It can never be a clean slate. After what happened tonight though, I want to try to repair what’s broken—for B and for myself. He saved me when I needed Him to most. At the very least that is deserving of the one thing B has asked of me since she prayed that prayer: that I would try.
The edge of my thumb pops the top of the phone up. The numbers on the buttons are nearly worn away completely. I glance at the little box screen. It’s 10:25 p.m. Last I looked it was 6:20 something. B and the kiddos must be worried sick. I dial her number quickly, each button giving a distinct beep. It rings once, twi—”
“Hello?” Despite the worry that fills it, no sound is sweeter than hearing B’s voice.
“B?”
“E-Eric?” Her voice is trying to smile. “Wa-where are you? It’s waaay past 8:00.”
“It’s a looong story. Just know I’m okay. And, B?”
“Yes, Eric?”
“I’m ready to meet you on that road.”
She doesn’t say anything else but I can tell she’s smiling on the other end of the line…

The visions of the beach were not a past memory at all. They are now a present reality. B and I haven’t braved the cold to recreate our beach sexcapade but there’s still time for that once the heat comes back in a few months. We are staying at mom and dad’s beach house while we look for our own house here in South Carolina. They plan on moving this way permanently in the next year or two. Right now, they are selflessly living through a Wisconsin winter so that we can be safe and far away from Eden. They came back as soon as they heard what happened to me. Needless to say, mom has wanted to talk about it with me constantly. Trying to wrap her head around the reality has proven a difficult thing. And for a woman who doesn’t believe in monsters, my story doesn’t sit right with her. She’s definitely not the only one.
After Phil confessed, adults and children alike started coming forward, the overall story of Pamela Reiser consuming every local news channel for weeks. I was a continuous feature, a number of intrusive reporters asking if they could do an op-ed piece on me and my story. Saying yes and gritting your teeth through it is easier than saying no. When you say no, they insist and pry and follow…
Despite the consistency of the stories across the board, any victims of Pamela Reiser mentioning the monsters in the dark were quickly edited—much in the same way mom tried to edit my story. Obviously, we had just created an alternate story so we wouldn’t have to live with her having sexually molested us. Molestation is a better angle for news; monsters are controversial—they slip into that fantasy world nobody wants to acknowledge. Monsters are silly. Molestation is real.
There was very little coverage on the actual Hell Room. Other than it being located under Gas & Snacks in an existing place meant for food storage, and a few photos of the stairs that led down from the gas station to it. Now whether this is true or not, I don’t know, but there are stories that the few who went into the Room to investigate never came back out, that they just added to the mess of red. If it happened, it makes sense that we’ve heard nothing about it. The news would rather the people believe well over a hundred children were molested in that room instead of shown a very real and very literal Hell. I understand it. God isn’t a popular topic today and any proof of His existence ruffles the collective feathers. The news will do what it does… twist things to make the best story. But we all know what happened—what still haunts us when we close our eyes.
The threat of Justin continuing Blue Denim’s work is always at the back of my mind. For all I know, he’s out there right now, creating some kind of Hell Room of his own. It’s been well over forty days since he sent the text to her phone. Phil never did tell me if it was meant to be a literal forty days of rest or not. Maybe he didn’t know. Not long after I got done talking to B on the phone, he called the authorities. They found him, fittingly, smoking his last cigarette. After that he was labeled a living monster. And as the news twisted the victims’ stories of literal monsters to hidden molestation, he was labeled a child molester. His trial hasn’t started yet but everyone knows he’ll never see the outside of a cell again.
It’s a few weeks before Christmas, the wind off the ocean the kind that cuts through the skin like a knife. I thought I was northern tough but winter here is a different kind of experience. It’s warm one day and cold the next, nowhere near as cold as Wisconsin but the body responds as if it were. This place will take some getting used to. But I don’t miss Eden. Knowing Blue Denim lived only ten minutes from me for the entirety of my life—it has ruined every good memory. In my mind she lurks in every shadow. And even with her now just a mess of red in The Hell Room, a mess I saw with my own eyes, she isn’t dead in my dreams. There are many nights when I’m back in that wheelchair, but she has the knife, that old and deranged smile of her own “moral rightness” on display. I wake up as she runs the blade across my throat… she’s more the monster that haunts me than the hooded figures…
Many times my mind focuses on what could have happened instead of what did happen that night, those bugs of fear still swarming me often. I think that’s the hardest part of walking this same road with B. I was saved that night but my mind doesn’t focus on being saved. My mind just focuses on how I was in a chair again, how I was the start of a new type of sacrifice, and how, in many ways, nothing has changed since I was four. I’m no longer capable of picking out the good scraps. Not in the same way as when I was little at least. Not where I can hold onto only the good things.
B and I are better than we were but there is still unsaid things between us. She’s still a number of steps ahead of me on this road. It’s easier for her, plain and simple. She tries to understand what I’ve gone through and makes room where she can. There isn’t the same disconnect as there was but the pressure to keep up with her is still there. Whether she realizes it or not, it’s there. And I feel it in her every glance and every silent stare. I think it’ll just take some time—I hope so, at least. The wounds are still fresh and learning how to live with them is still something I haven’t figured out entirely.
My relationship with Jesus is complicated. When I say His Name in reverence I still think about when I screamed out His Name in terror. There is such a split nature to me. I want Him in my life but it also hurts to have Him. I don’t regret walking this road with B. There has just been a lot of stumbling along the way. He is the One that saved me from Blue Denim but He’s also the One that let Blue Denim hurt me to begin with.
… None of this is easy, no matter how much I want it to be. All I can do is try to be a better man today than I was yesterday, trusting that the clearing is just up ahead…
Epilogue
It’s been five years, three months, and eighteen days since I was saved from Blue Denim. It’s a Monday in the first week of the New Year. I will never forget today. And I will never forget the name Marjorie Jones. She’s the first child assigned to me, my four years of schooling finally about to pay off. I’m sitting in my office chair, her file out and open on my desk. A seven year old girl from a poor family, her dad someone who drinks too much and her mom bi-polar. She’s been caught in the crossfire constantly and is starting to act out. She should be walking through my office door in any minute.
It was B who helped me realize, after a lot of bumpy roads and a lot of hurting over things we couldn’t change, that my calling was in child therapy. Leave it to her to see something so obvious. As soon as she said it, a light turned on somewhere deep within me. It has given my pain purpose. And in a very real way, it has further shown me the nature of God.
Time reveals the bigger picture if you are willing to just take a step back and look at it. I’ve always questioned why God allowed me to be hurt when I was little. It’s too sticky of a question, a spider web that catches me in the center and leaves me to struggle and exert all my energy trying to escape, quickly leading me back to an old and familiar bitterness against Him. I’ve found it’s a question with no comprehensible answer. Something of a treadmill that has me running fast but brings me nowhere.
It wasn’t until it was looked at from a different perspective that I saw something new. It has taken me years to see this: there’s a balance in this world, where a perfect God must make something good out of a world of terrible things. I don’t know why He let her hurt me and why He never stepped into the dark of that basement to set me free; but because of the basement, I’m now here to bring comfort to children who live with terrible things daily. I think he lets people hurt so they can be used to help others who are hurt or will be hurt sometime later on in life. When I think about the basement and the senselessness of Blue Denim’s act, it’s always been contained within a small-world understanding. An ‘I was hurt then and I’ve hurt since’ kind of thing. But with Marjorie on her way to me, it finally gives the dark basement a glimmer of bright light. I was hurt then so I can help now. It’s even something I can discuss with the four year old who still pops up in my subconscious from time to time, calling for me from down in the dark. No matter how hard I’ve tried to lead him back up the stairs, he always stays in the basement, unwilling to accept that it happened because our birth mother was a special kind of monster. It was nothing we did. Maybe now he’ll listen to me. Our pain hasn’t been for nothing. It can finally serve a purpose. Maybe he’ll finally grab my hand and let me lead him someplace safe.
Trauma is tragically timeless. It’s been over 33 years since Blue Denim left me in the basement and yet the pain can still be as sharp as if it happened yesterday. It’s a room I still visit on occasion, a door I can’t ever fully close. I have no expectations of fully moving past what happened. That would be laughably unrealistic. Today though marks the first step in seeing the purpose for the pain. And that is something I’ve looked for since pulling the curtain down.
There’s a soft knock at my door.
“Come in,” I say immediately.
The door opens, the tall, blonde Chris Waltz from Pine Elementary popping his head in. I don’t see Marjorie; she must be hiding behind him or still waiting in the hallway. “Eric. Marjorie’s last two counselors have had very little success in reaching her. Just a forewarning. Don’t feel bad if you can’t get through to her.”
“Thanks for the warning,” I tell him what he wants to hear, my smile there but flat. “Bring her in, Chris. I’ll give it my best shot.”
He nods his head, disappearing out into the hallway and coming back in with a tiny girl who has long curly black hair and skin that is a darker shade of white than mine.
I’ll leave you to it,” Chris says as he steps out of my office and away.
I look down at her, her eyes light brown and lost.
“Hello, Marjorie.” I smile at her. “I’m gonna do something a little different from your other counselors. I’m going to tell you why I became a counselor to begin with. Is that okay?”
She nods but keeps her head down.
“I was hurt a lot as a little boy by my mom and dad. I know what it feels like. And I want you to know that you aren’t alone in this, okay?” Her eyes look at me and then dash away. “You don’t have to talk to me if you don’t want to. We can just share each other’s company.” I step out from behind my desk and walk over to her, getting down on one knee. Kids are always talked down to by adults when they just want to be heard. Fi has had some brilliant insights into my inner workings throughout the years, and without even knowing many of the details. “But, if you want to talk, I want to listen to you.” I give her time to make a decision. I’m willing to wait. I’ve done this same song and dance with the four year old for over five years. He’s never budged. Maybe she—
“I wish daddy didn’t yell so much.” I’ve gotten through, her little lost eyes now looking directly into mine. “I-I wish he was happy again.”
I smile at her something reassuring. And she gives a small smile in return, her two front teeth missing.
This feels like the clearing I’ve been looking for all these years. I had the beach and it only brought frustration because the clearing never came. I think the beach was always meant as both a vision of the future and the promise of it leading to more. A new beginning for me to build from. Somehow, God has turned the terrible things from my past into something good, because my clearing is not in the quiet moments with my family… but in the relatable pain of others. And with it, my purpose of being able to help them heal.
“Talk all you need to, Marjorie. And I’ll listen. Okay?”
She nods, giving me another smile. This one much bigger than the last.
Author’s Note
Aversion marks a new type of story for me. To be totally transparent, it deals with one of my most difficult issues, an issue that persists even now in me. Not long after my dad passed away, I felt entirely abandoned by Jesus. Crying out for comfort, crying out for Him to be the Father to a boy who was now fatherless, I was met with silence. And even though my love for my Savior runs deep, some part of me is still that child. When I needed Him most I was met with silence. I was hurt deeply by my God.
Now this isn’t a comfortable topic for many. And it isn’t a popular one. We all have to pretend that everything’s okay all the time. We put on our masks of Christian living because we have to sell the belief that a relationship with Christ solves all our problems. In reality a relationship with Christ usually brings more problems. We usually see greater darkness and our battles are usually a bloodier affair than if we turned the other way. His Way is right and true but it’s never easy.
I was hurt but that doesn’t mean He isn’t still a beautiful Savior, that doesn’t mean He still isn’t a perfect and sovereign God—just like Eric discovers by the end, time reveals the purpose for our pain. And I believe my purpose is to write stories that don’t follow the popular trends, stories that have no real concern with what currently sells, and instead write exactly what God has put on my heart.
Aversion offers no easy solutions because nothing about this life is easy, including a relationship with Jesus. But that doesn’t mean He isn’t worth it every single day. He is WORTHY. ALWAYS.
Thank you for taking the time to read my latest novella. Leaving a small review does this well-intentioned author good. (Is saying ‘winky face’ better than putting one?)
  
About the Author
When not typing away on his old refurbished laptop, he is a husband to a beautiful wife, a stay at home dad to two amazing little girls, and most applicable to this bio, a man dedicated to spreading the life-changing message of Jesus Christ in unique and compelling ways.
​
He specializes in creating Christian stories for adults that are clean but not simple, dark but not hopeless, at times unsettling but never without a higher purpose for it. An avid defender of the need for gritty Christian fiction, it is here where he feels most passionate. He lives in La Crosse, WI.


Books now available on eBook:
CLOUDS
Death is Not the End, Daddy
The Faceless Future Trilogy
The Counterfeit (will be available in audio, print, and eBook early 2020 through Monster Ivy Publishing)
Like and follow me on Facebook to keep up with further projects.  

Acknowledgments  
My Savior: Despite the struggles, you will always be my living Hope, my God, and my driving purpose.
My Wife: This book was mostly written for you. The clearing is up ahead, beautiful. 
Evarie and Ivelyn: You make me fight to be a better dad every day. You two are bright lights in a world that’s pretty dim.
Mom: Your continued support means more than you know.
Dad: You’ll always be acknowledged at the end of my books because your importance will never fade, no matter how many years pass.

